On 5-6-2-A-M, it's not the deal. On 5-7-5-6-3-8-M, it's not the deal. On 5-7-5-6-3-8-M, it's not necessarily represented. It's not represented. On 5-6-3-6-8-M, it's not represented. Here's Neil Roger. On 5-6-8-M, it's just a lick of the food. On 5-6-4-8-M, it's not the pleasure should dry. We don't much slower than you. So many stages. It's a pity you've been trying to attack us. He penned his wedding card in charge. So we don't stay in our battle. We fight a flag with gun. Just right, Jesus. It can't be just a shawl. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All of you. You will. He will. That's a holy bird. So good. All of that kid in your room. You will fight a flag with spare teeth in your shoes. You know what the day did we just think about day? We don't do it again. We're all away. Although this is your day. You will judge the age. You will take the shawl. But that's why I thought you could judge our driving. You can do it. It's your birthday. I think everything is fair to come to the end. I've heard of your birthday. I've been late last night. John, I chose you. I wish we'd be together. I'll decide to act true. All I chose is you. Nice face. Thank you. You. Hey. I always have this for you. Hey. I chose. Everybody gets that. So what is it that the Prophet conversation about is going to get a good day, George? I'm not the man. Everything else I mean, everything that person is building. That's all we're talking about. I went to bed at half time. I went to the small thing. And then I woke up this morning to the good. I mean, the bad news in the paper that blew the load. I mean, who cares? It's a bargain. Even Todd Drex that's space for more sales the time. I'm open to door just seconds ago. And so I thought those were good. And like I told you, this is the same guy who seriously asked me the other day. Seriously. And then I asked again the other day. Because he's not convinced yet. Can't bubble one person in consecutive term. And I went. Oh yeah. And. Hey, look for the QM van from 11 to one today at Pac-Mail. Located next to the win this year on not Hillary Boulevard in Plantation. And Miguel will be there with CDs. Cousettes, key change, T-shirts. What else great key change? I must have on very little summer. Yeah. Those T-shirts are really nifty. And maybe we have real balls, John, Sir, women, public, but I doubt it. 11 to one at the Pac-Mail right next to the win this year on not Hillary Boulevard Plantation. Just look for the QM van and the lovely Miguel. And we do it pretty damn well. Well, I'm so pretty. We get that on the internet on our website. We got 12,000 to 180. We got to be getting close to 35 to 40 grand. So when that territory, we didn't just think by now. And of course our CDs and cassettes are inspects all of the software. They've brought it in Palm Beach and of course in April's import miners. And you can also order me around here's.com to be at qm.com. And you can order by calling the girls extension. Maybe he'll stick it on for you. 305 65 or 356. Give us a little bit down in the dumps this morning. Like a lot of other people in the building because of a stupid ball game last night. And of course they show you a same interval road series, same interval as NFL, Monday night for the two light. Two light. I mean, I'm sure the finish was a lot of the most exciting greatest conclusions in years in any game. In any sport. Did most of us see it? No, of course not. Who the hell is going to be staying up to the, especially in a lot of sight again like that. Or with any energy, I guess you call it a lot of sight again like that. Who's going to stay up to what a clock in the morning on a week night to watch a bargain and the same with the world series game in the night. You know, only sports to try to get young people try to get kids, you know, involved in becoming fans and so on. Well, how are you going to do it when the kids have to go to bed before the game is over? Like the match and the game wound up the entire nearby, do 9th and 6th 5. They'll also look like a blowout. If they would start to guide them baseball games at 7. Without patching around for 15 minutes, have a little bit of a ceremony. Play the national anthem. Go to commercial 705 come back. Start the game. And a same with Monday night football. Too bad they started eight o'clock at a ratings one is good. Too freaking bad. See, they don't care about what the majority of the country gets to see or not. Only care about his, how many spots they can sell. Just like us. Just like us. We don't care about anything else. Just how many spots can we sell? Only should do it. We need the FN money. Give us your money and don't complain. That's our motto here at Q&A. And we're pretty proud of it. So proud that even Kevin Banskin wrote an article which you're thanks to Greg B. And on the ball. And can you imagine Greg reading the business section? Okay, some of you must have put the law to it. Given me, heads up. Some of us rich files read the business section. If he had a money, he was going to try to kind of want to see how those milk cartons are doing. WEDLX number one in arbitrar ratings by Kevin Banskin. A buried on page three in a business section which I know about a scene at, except that Bluffer and amount of buildings. Greg, if you're sorry, it's a story. It's true. It's true to story. And that's your friend, Kevin Baxter. And speaking of your friends, how about Maddie Bellbanskin? You think that he'd be running up here already with a 10 to 2 breakdowns from this summer reading book? Huh? This is the important stuff. That's what it's all about is the goddamn ratings. Right? Come on. That's all we care about. I've put it yesterday. Most of this call here for his mobile and bokeh. Hello. Thank you, morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I have a question in a comment and maybe you're the man I proud of. Question first, yes. Okay, question. And I'd be trying to see if you want a good job, George. Thank you. All right. The question is, I lost my voter registration. So, when you do, he'd get another one so you can vote. How up the price, the, I vote the, whatever they call it. You're not sure if you lose that? No, I don't think so. I think they're taking, make somebody a story up two weeks. Cool. Very good. And my comment is, even though I lost my game turned out crappy, it was, you know, all the year all about the New York fans. And there's been that 30,000 people in the front. And we'll have come on. Let's let's get serious. Nobody in any town. It's that late hours and I don't know. We say, nobody would have stuck around there. Head by a 30 to three or whatever. I agree. I agree. But the reputation is a great a fan to loyal and passionate. Well, let me just say this. The, at least they show up. At least they facilitate. They don't have to have the TV stations by the last 15 hundred tickets. We could get the game on TV. I mean, you know, you can not get your call. You want it like the iron on there's don't have any fans because they also don't have any team, but they got a crappy arena that's falling apart. But at least they show up. I'll say that form. They're a real sports citizen in this town. But they're all wine in the amazes. I love it. I love when they wine a lot. Makes me sad. I get sexual excitement for them. I'd put question yesterday. Should we declare a more tolerant mind discussion of growing bush until I've been in the last year, which is two weeks from today. I like that. Cool weeks from the CNN and all of a sudden discovered yesterday. That is a lot closer than they thought. Yeah. Just because they don't want to be so badly out of stuff, or any other problem in America, they decided that bush is not a hit by nine or ten points. It's only by two points. Yeah. What a concept. I'll get to the parliament. Can we can look at that? I'm going to look at these. I got some ratings for you. I'm going to pay. If you have a glass of good-a-law belly laugh, and if you haven't, what you're pants and a long time today is you today. Today is the day people. I got some numbers for you that will make you pay your pants from now from midnight. I guarantee you'll be squeezing that bag. You'll be squeezing something. That's why the great misuse in the history of the human race. How does that man keep a job? What kind of naked pictures of Rhona think will. And the hard bark is he got in that door, some kind of drawers. Man. 10-09-05-60-002M, your highly rated station. In men. No question of the phoenix. No, no, no. Good information. W2M, BC-Bodcast, we can cooperate. How about Boris? Got a huge pair. That's a bird. Good morning, Tassie. Hi, I saw your ad. Packers needed. Yes. I'm your guy. Okay. Let me talk to somebody. Okay, next Monday through Friday from 7 to 3. I'm in. And do you know Spanish? I see. Senior Rita. Okay. Okay. Ok, no mask. Talk about drop that gelupa. We call them off. Okay. Let me talk to somebody in charge. Okay, well you need to come into the office and get out in application. Yeah, yeah, yeah, I understand. Can I please get past three sessions? I need to talk to somebody because I'm an experienced packer. Okay, please. Yeah. Hi, this is Nancy. Can I help you? Nancy. Yeah. Take your ad out of the paper. Why is that? And assume the position. Excuse me? I am ready. You are ready for what? You're looking for a packer, right? I need a hundred packers. Oh, God. I don't need this one. You're ready to pull the train. I am. Because I'm the king, fudge packer. Excuse me. Excuse me. Excuse me. So assume the position. Hi, well, man. You might be doing it on you. Who are you? Ah, ah, ah. I'm already the hang up on you. No, hang up on me. I'm ready. You don't want to like to hear? Because if you can take a hundred guys, you can do this. Grab your ankles and make the phone go by by. I want to listen. See if I get a little echo. Hello. 10th or 10 at 5.60 WQAM. Have I got some numbers for you? I don't care if it's over. We're still crelling from this. Anyway, so Kevin back to you and hear a lot of close personal friend. Why it's an article in the business section about price of this ticket. But see, I don't understand. If an answer to what Spanish language radio or TV, it's in the living today section to help in the sound sound. But if has to do with anything with to with radio that has to do with the people of speaking, which some of us, then it's a very similar. I think maybe some of the people at the Hill to make these decisions ought to be buried somewhere. Anyway, it's on page three. Whatever that is. See you in the business section. WBDU 80 R ranks number one, Arbitron ratings. Here's a call in Miami. Hello. Hey, New I do. Okay. Funny thing about your radio station during that football game last night. Yeah. Right towards the end of the game. They'd play commercials during two to touch down stack. Back to back. They played about five minutes commercial. Oh, right. Well, we got to get them all in. Yeah. Yeah. I listen to man. Man is when the dog has that losing. I want to keep it in the world. He's at your home. I have to go. Why not? That's what we like. What's wrong with a homeowner? Probably a jet fan. I'm like a New Yorker to make. And I interrupted myself for that. I've heard yesterday should we declare more turn on the stress of going on the show to the election. Yes, 452, no 409, very, very close. 842 votes. And I'm going to pay attention to that. Oh, no. Because obviously, the people would like me to declare more at the time. Almost the Bush people. Sure. I'll let that packet talk about it next two weeks. That's a good idea. And then we'll talk about silly stuff. And there are a lot of farting. No, no. Yeah. And then we'll get those go people out there to vote. And they're going to start getting real nervous again. Because now it's getting real tight again. Every single pool, CBS and SMBC. And now even the right wing CNN pool, the Gallup people, all right. Only two points apart. How do you like that? And this is the four where we've learned comes out of what all the stuff about Bush and gorilla or what it was. Yeah. Speaking of gorillas, WEDR, I'd like to don't know why I for trying ratings. Or so today, this is a very ethnic book. I'm trying to tell George so he doesn't feel so bad about losing that's gigantic chunk of audience. He'd more who's number one in midday and men, which is all we care about. We get our bonus money in. Not only do we get the bonus for the summer, which is kind of a weak bonus. It's that's the cop out in their part, well, you know, somewhere is really down, so we cut the bonuses in the half right. Try to clear it down Greg. But then they give us, like, also a little bit of the bonus for our over on station overall station in and guess what we're number three damn it because the morning's went up a little bit. Hank had held his own after a very strong spring broke out about five four so we're number three damn it overall enjoyed with number one. For Kevin thanks to he puts a little bit of a spin on it. So like I said very strong at the WEDL one way up, Lacky as was still up there power 96 way to help. Oh and what is our good post personal friend, King Curry who does not provide me with that music. Still don't understand it. I'm also maybe he's just an asshole. John and I provide him all at your opinions. You can which he plays a servant on the air actually like the rude which is very popular with a kid's horse in the power of music and he returns the favorite by a stiffening sort of speak. Not given me my copy that's a great CD and of course I knew you'd be with me to go out and actually pay money for but it was worth it. You're a blow hard kid, Curry. We're just five year old Ryan. He says we really work it doing well in the summer we're really concentrated on that and it's worked. So it's WPO W program director, Kid Skurvy, who's stationed realize heavily on teenage listeners. When you look at the kind of music we play we should be well in the summer. But now that's cool back in that's all gonna fall apart. But you talk about talk about and excuse beforehand. He's already making excuses before the fall book even starts getting going. Oh yeah the kids are back in school. They're gonna suck. They're okay. They're all right. Especially when you listen to that music, somehow they do all right. And guess who's got a real dilemma now? Yes who moved into the top 10 and 12 parts. Does anybody really care about 12 part of which is who's always old people? And you know there had to be a lot of wired diaries for WTMI. They moved up to number eight. 12 parts. So not the cock people. They got a real dilemma over there. Just just when everyone was sorry and then we were getting ready to board that classical crap out of the water very soon like any minute. And now the excuse can't be well we can't we can't build an audience because they're number eight. Number eight. And some of the clowns will listen to this show pretend that when George was under in the summer they were listening to WTMI. Do there's anybody believe that? No anybody believe that people listen to the award you show. Listen to WTMI. Oh no. classical music. Oh man. Sudo intellectual crap at best. Anyway Kevin back to the was on to say New Yorkers 10 week celebration cross sports talks station WTMI and AEM. Nearly a third of it's list is the station target audience. Many age 25 to 54 during Rogers 10 AEM to two AEMs week they swap. But the station still finished number one that demographic for the time period. Overall among all of us those measured by our contender. We're trying to be QM finished 20th and market for president English language news. That's WIOD. That's 12 post asshole and of course is anybody care about 12. No. Because even in the in the day 12 post they they kicked the crap out of us because it's the old people listen to the Lord and and back their law law. All those old screvey or folks can they sell those old people off the show on prune juicent and like to this that's the only thing they can sell. Paladin. Then you look. Minor ice. That's what they got on those old people show so you know if you understood what the ratings were about Kevin maybe right in article that could be in the newspaper much less in the business session. Which has to do with dollars and cents in which you have none especially landsprout none. Also I might point out not to defend George because he won't even know defending but the fact there is that how it went down like anywhere from one to two points depending on the demographic on all and the reason being just like to reason we went down here in some of the year demos is because it was a strongly ethnic book again. Schwartz is the list in the Howard. Schwartz is the list in the show. They don't look at the list they set the sports shows when they call them the acts about stupid the backs of buck questions and stuff like that. I like about last night's ball game. Give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball give me the ball. Yeah that's it. Well what do you like about that for a sad? Good ball. Give me a brain okay that's what you should be saying give me a brain give me a book give me some knowledge let me be like a living in breathing, thinking human being calling one on his planet instead of some auto may time. So listen if you thought book she book she helps. Bad things book if you thought her numbers were bad. And if your list was really not too wild. You're really wild but it closed numbers on stupid talk baby. Let me say it again and we can say it's a movie not there. Those midday show is not doing too good over there. No. Are you sure positive I checked it several times? No they got no story. The only story they have on this station is morning looking spot. That's the only story they got. I'll go close personal friends with him. When we like a lot especially son. But take a look now at three to seven PM first let's look at 12 parts to see maybe they have some old people over there listening to Ed Kill. Isn't that who's on out at least while we got can't because you didn't belong in here in the first place. It's not who it is Ed Kill. One point oh this is person's 12 plus two to seven PM and nine forty stupid talk. A one point in the spring book. This time they've got right in here. Stractor yourselves in type boys and girls you may fall off the edge of your seat. 50,000 watch in the middle of a dial. It got a point three. Yeah. Yeah. Now okay so 12 parts like I said it's about 12 parts that's all a lot of people maybe any other demographics they got some audience. Oh yeah and they have to know. Men 25, the 54 here we go the babbling brooch because she was doing like ones. I think something like that. There was never any story. And then there was wild she was like a loser. It's like about the here in the last book spring of this year and you have to know they had a one point one. Stractor yourselves in again tight hang on real tight wipe off the debris from the first split here we go three to 70 and 25 to 54 a point for us. Time for 30th. Woo nice girl on pitch baby that's eight folds your he's a best you know he'd be the best. Oh god and he's still there that's the thing we love him nobody wants to know then we do because that's the kind of competition that people dream of people are just we'll be we'll be a standard grandma on the back to be able to have that kind of competition. Here's a little bit of waterdale hello. And you know as a girl in the farm. Okay. Do you actually fall for the night especially when I saw Willie Logan on there with her was you doing there. I don't know I think they're all they're all a bunch of idiots but he I he was the only one who had anything they brought out the subdeck of same sex marriages of course and same sex relationships all that and what I want to know is who gives these people the right to decide who's relationship is sacred and who's it. I mean they need to loosen up their grip on their fairy tale book and just you know that people live down there. I'm hoping for Bill most of myself. I'm not going to tell you how to do the clown. He still doesn't agree with. Well he's going to do that girl. Well I'm not politically correct okay just light enough and have a great day and don't worry about the game marriages. Okay that's going to be the criteria on which I'm going to be a criteria that I'm going to base my vote on is whether this candidate supports game marriages. Get rid of sir all I can say is where it's now. Right there on the ballot what above the calendar is going to be the crap autumn. And you know something yes it was in town yesterday it's been a bill in the column and speaking of good intentions and thing you're pouring guess it was yesterday. So far enough. In fact he's on the front page there's one of the most discussed in things that were seen in my life we're going to be all our religious. He's a squeezing peepie on the front page. Look he doesn't believe me he's laughing there's a picture right there he's squeezing oh yeah Democratic vice-presidential candidate, julie brim and hogs human American national foundation chairman Francisco peepie her nandes in Miami. He's given a peepie a big hug right there on the front page it held a big hug in the squeeze for peepie from julie brim. And so he reminds me a lot of well in fact if you put the graces on I think he and Bill McCallum are the same guy without the bad job. Because he was the first Democrat you recall all these hey now and here's a big story in a son sent all about Jews, Jews love women they're all coming out Jews and also something I can't I am embarrassed I'm anything familiar to me. I am not I'm familiar to me. Because he was the first Democrat to come out and the only one who came out so just I mean just wildly and viciously with it when the Ammonica penis gaping was going on. Here is the one who came out about how was disgusting and unacceptable giving a big lecture and of course here was bubble with the one to help campaign to get him in the Senate first time he ran but don't count on me for your my support because my my my my mizzosa on the doors you want to hear counts in my life and I got to be judgemental I got to be real judgemental piece of crap. So he was as much a finger pointer even though he didn't cook and spy or you didn't vote for impeachment and the Senate thank goodness but nevertheless who is almost as bad as in the column who is one of those rabid right wing velets you recall. It was our penis and was our penis. What ever hell they were saying yeah. Well a dragon california the moment the bad wig he ever saw a penis what the hell is his name the one of he's gonna get his hands kicked through this time. The cantic of his name the one of the real bad hip-heets that kind of like sits off of the side like on a corner of his head show it which you're wishing. Oh yeah well. Let's see him no more. How's that guy with a sandwiches going? 26 after 10 at 5. 60 W to a m 8 had with the 81 votes look at that 459 to 420 when you can stop voting on that thing now because his usual I do whatever they want anyway and all your bush people that are trying to get us to dummy up about what a moron your kid your candidate is. We're not going to do it and what about your big hits so many of you are. See that's the thing that I find the festival and discussing. Is that most of the stuff that comes in especially on a fax machine it's from all these right wing hateful obnoxious bigots. The bush people that's the crowd I'm telling you that's the Jim Bush crowd like don't mistake a lot of 26 after 10 at 5. 60 W to a few in. We're waiting for the one we're waiting for the twilight zone which needs to really end by who was known. We're getting so looking forward by the time we're fishing at the club but we're catching nothing nothing. We're boys just like row kids. Girls in the world. We're doing not to try so I'm listening to some stuff. Two nine and a sudden man who is Colin Broley he's picked out he's not out I was so girlly boy and we found the blonde you got pissed off so when to kiss him and suddenly my wig fell off. But we got a nerds on and our nails done too. The gold down there must have given them a crow every time it's made a pinch to their butt they just turn around look at us and run away ladies from the time they throw away really man who would have known or tell us a good boy friend who's fishing at the club at that we know. They say it's why like songs which means we're really man but who would have known. We're just tell us a good boy friend we're fishing at the club but we're catching nothing nothing. That's pretty a five six year W to two I am and don't forget a vote for a will be Nelson is a boy Nelson well Logan probably Nelson with a bandana well as those are the votes for a bone calm just like a vote for the creators of our tour of your W and this later thing is starting to get me really really pissed off big article in the which paper held today neither candidacy nature of people to bush in like half of the state Minnesota Wisconsin and Michigan and Maine Oregon Washington six days that neither could play the balance because these people out there these 300 is just too a rather than two stupid to understand that a vote for me to reserve for bush. Very very tragic very sad what's the point that's the obvious question what is the point being stubborn often just like later himself everybody he knows every uh ally he's ever had the last 20 or 30 years since he was doing that thing with a Corverz and the fanbos has beg him to drop out get out of here and don't spoil the election oh no I'm not gonna do that I'm a big shot yeah what do you say here's a mobile in Hailey and hello yeah Neil yes sir does this go ahead a chance for the election you think what does that mean is that a serious question sure you have to ask me that because you have a chance when the polls are like within two points is it two who's up bush are you listening to the show yeah listen to show yeah are you following along are you following the dotted line I have a bouncing ball yeah okay bounce this okay here's our last call day here's a mobile in pompano hello hello yeah and you know if you have this town is ready to like commit suicide and our first alarm goes down and now it's often moved so it's not a sports show I don't care I don't care well you're all gonna go crazy yeah and you know these people I don't go to the games in the first place you're all gonna go crazy okay thank you so much that's the end of our call today because it often is a blue huge lead and lost the ball game nice now I'm not discussing that here today if you want to discuss that go down to the Hailey rated end of the dial 25 hundred on the A&D dial and I'm sure it'll be happy to take your call I'm not interested we've only got 20 hours of matching with teeth and crying and moving about that the rest of the day I'm not gonna do that I didn't watch you last half and I'm glad I did night I need my judicely okay when you was ugly as I mean all of you see if you can go help at least you think it might help someday can't hurt five six seven oh five sixty pound how wide six two in the day by the way George still not working yeah just press it up at the beginning here we got these great numbers George that help a job of the summer time we can't get the powers that being here to go to bad force and get the phone company here get these phones on scramble how about line five oh thank you uh it works all of the side of the little bit funky this more isn't it five six seven oh five sixty it's one call at a time day today one hundred times now we don't eat honey we don't want to talk about it like it's broke you know what to bet go sit there and quiet in your beer crying your god damn Heinrichin over the fact you've seen suck them blue in the last than the fourth quarter the overtime lives that and blue a 500 point lead performed an almost impossible task this is let me just tell you this this should be your worst problem okay to look at yesterday the fact that it often draws the game last night this should be your worst problem is a mobile important a little bit of a church there's a mobile in West Palm Beach alone yes sure the name John for you are you okay you are the boys of humanity when I was co-eaten if it's when the power of things going on you're the only one that was the boys of family yeah and and now we got this that the solution thing going on yeah again the boys of sanity yes and you know I used to talk to the top again I used to I used to I don't want to get back to the dark in game I don't want to talk about the dark in game I just hope make one comment yeah I mean I used to go so when I lose but now I watch the game last night it up for one thirty and when they're lost I just turned the rocket up all over the last they can't be any more and you're right when you said it if that's the worst thing that's it happened to you so there's a problem with priorities in America things that are really important things like hotly games nobody can mean things like the election nobody cares about the stupidity on the things like some of them took on me oh my god what are we going to do and we're still in business yeah get alright we get some smart people hoping that's our good leave them in time they're actually I saw you know some of them glad you mentioned about the signs one of my neighbors are couple blocks away I was doing my strawberry shortcut yesterday go to the store one of my neighbors you got a bush gross on and a lot bush changed on and the one you know you can be sure you're looking you should get a call that draw up on a line to the you can be for whoever you want but why in in the world girl's name you have to put it on your front lawn it's like a people with a fish and bulls on your car you can believe whatever freak tells you about but why do you have to flood it and spit in my face yeah all right I would never do there was bush people on every corner when you in the sign push first row you know propose it in and everyone's going to all it out on the spamming I mean I'm trying to do the one I'm waiting maybe it's like the holding up a sign saying look how stupid I am oh god that calls up for a hundred eight oh yeah okay good luck for us now oh thank you yeah single is ten New year five six and a 0 5 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines let's go let's get some serious action here today get out of that deep funk okay so the guy that's been lost of all game who cares life of go on still a pretty damn good for three quarters they look like well be the show what's the problem so they kind of like flew it up there ten and sucked big deal here's a mother and lunch and hello good afternoon good evening I've been waiting for 11 years okay I'm glad you're not that high you know I'm so happy you're here this I'm really kidding back down here thank you very much so and it's been a great day to all the kids all the while I work again because I love in years I come back and what are I hear the other day somebody called you asked you what's the anti-pacinth doing somebody's called it mentioned Jerry Witchner's that and then you mentioned these people and next I know there's somebody's gonna have put out a friend's house he can and what you said we had the yesterdays and uh brought in oh I'm not here all you do think is this my second time yes and then I got it now you're catching on the just we could buy up and see how I'm going to get I mean it's it's almost like maybe I should just go ahead and uh got myself in a cocoon and uh let's take it up it's up politically correct yeah and and start you know start breathing maybe in about 56 years from now but this is unbelievable and and of course the best part about all those is the discussion of you know George and how he screwed up the numbers but I've enjoyed that immensely George was number one and that's our target demo okay the number one there's billions it was before what's the difference is a make it's like when you're horsey-way if you went by and those you went by 20 lines it still pays it's a window what difference is a make we're number one David and I like and and of course by accident it was another one of those horrible radio accidents oh no I could not 40 in the morning and who do I hear working pun I think just don't change yeah I'm so beautiful damn it I promise but it's I tell you what it's runaway here you and I I'm just so proud to be back if there's any good news about being back down here we like it's a bit of a logic I trust I'm on the air I trust you I trust you I'm sorry thank you I'll pay for it so Rick and Sunty he was wasn't well by accident he said or it makes us feel like do we five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless one we're on the wrong side of the direction baby yeah and the Jews are all worked up there's an interesting article about the Jews that are going to come out and vote for uh and vote because we women's on a ticket but just as many Republicans are going to come out and vote for for Bush because the leader men's on a democratic ticket so it kind of like neutralizes itself the good old boys are right next to Yahoo's one of my might stay home I think that's a good poll question I was going to ask that before let's ask it today would you vote for an African American president yes you know that's our poll question today on a Sanchez no are beaten around the bush so to speak what do it would they vote for an African American president yes you know now see right well right or oh how about Colin Powell he's pretty like constructed now we're not naming names in addition to which that's your reason they're liking is because he's not dark I'm talking about a real African American I'm not like Malcolm on a young in a horny he's almost right who would be a contender not ridiculous people like Jesse Jackson how about J.C. what from uh the homin and real back from the alpha power player Louis for a coup but about coece in food ay I mean I was not who he's not dark 24 11 at 560 WQA a 26 20 17 Miss We can't find you, but she didn't just disappear. We're looking all over and it still ain't here. Hey, Chuggie, Junior, can you hear that? She's so happy to find out that you're still alive. You will always challenge me to jump in party. And you can't catch me. What is that you're good? I'm good, but I'll pick it right you. You can hire a judge. You can't remain catch-flender. And there's this hedgehog. For for Junior in the P.S. So it's for Junior in the P.S. For for Junior in the P.S. For Junior in the P.S. For for Junior in the P.S. For Junior in the P.S. For Junior in the P.S. For Junior in the P.S. For Junior in the P.S. For Junior in the P.S. Oh, you know, 25 at 5.60 WQ.M. The nose nose. Here's some more quotes. Thank you, Elliot. We've had eight, a lot of things we've already had. Here's some more direct quotes from George W. He says, if we don't succeed, we'll run the risk of failure. If Republicans, no, he says Republicans understand the importance of bondage between the mother and child. Yeah, or John Crawford used to tire kids up. Mars is essentially in the same orbit. Mars is somewhat the same distance from the sun, which is very important. We've seen pictures where there are canals we believe in water. If there is water that means the response again, if oxygen that means we can breathe. The Holocaust was in the same period in our nation's history. I mean in the centuries history, but we all live in the century. I didn't live in the century. The records September 15, 1995, George W. And on the coast. Because basically, what he's always telling is the same message as, Eee! I'm really dumb. And I speak in goodering jambiles, and I'm not a guy who can get everybody to work together. Right. Do you do that in Texas? Oh, no. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. You don't forget Miguel will be there with XQAM van. You'll love it a lot just a few minutes from now. I'll love it a lot. I'm going to pay you a pack mail next to Windix, I'm not going to kill any plantation with the best of the NLCDs and cassettes. And somewhere I got a buried under this mound of crap under my mounds. Reveal signs in the church. And I'll enjoy those great vacationing, excitechines, and the t-shirts too. Here's a mobile inform water there. Hello. Me, oh. Yes sir. I was watching a game at a sports fire last night. And I just want to say that the coffin... 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the 8-key and key Verizon in the wireless line. Out of town lines open 87, 7, 7, 85, 62, 45. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Thank you. Yes sir. How you doing? I enjoy your program. Hey listen. You remember years ago, I was not my phone years, the judge. Yeah, the hanging judge, huh? Yeah. I was just kind of wondering, whatever happened to her. Oh yeah. She probably ran off with Alice when I tell, but it surprised me. And she'll listen to his body. She's a mobile in time or time. So, hey, I'll go get what you do. Okay. I want to say, and I know you just need to figure it out. I'm voting for Bush. And the reason is because you're a fat you fat. Uh huh. Well, that's a good reason. I don't know who you were running. No, no, that is better. I pushed them over the edge. I pushed them over the other side. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the 8-key and Verizon wireless line. And so that's the Bush mentality right there. That's not just the judge's deputy. That's the Jewish-debtedity. That's the Jewish mentality too. A bunch of a hunger for the new and a nerimunded professional guy and anti-Semitic. That's what they're all about. Racists. Would you vote for an Africa American for president? We got 11 votes already. 7, so the S-person said no. This could be very interesting. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, you know, this is the first time I heard you. And I'm thrilled to that. The first following someone with enough sense from their head. The tower like it is. First time you heard this program, I've only been on here 25 years. Well, I've only been a quarter year. Oh, I'm so sorry. Wow. Well, I like to thank you and keep doing what you do. Okay. How about one? I'll play for you. Okay, there's no big ever enough in the same. But fairings on our side. Whatever that means, huh? There you have nothing to say. Just like yesterday. That's why we'll put the pull on the more turns. Because we had a bunch of nine-year-old people calling it. Well, you know, Bush is so short that everybody's black. Yeah, we're picking the same old character. Which is boring. Nobody wants to hear that garbage. I mean, you can't complain about the either communication in this town, because there isn't any sort of place down to it. When you take the fact that first we got all those ethnic stations that have those gigantic shares. We got, you know, on a number of people who listen, who live here who never ever listen to English language radio. And certainly, in almost every person who never ever listen to an A and radio on a bet. And then you can buy that with this great colonel you said we got out there. And we're still doing it this well. Yeah, you're unbelievable. It's absolutely unbelievable. It's absolutely unbelievable. It's exactly. I couldn't say it better myself. It's mine, Bargain. You can just imagine, first if you were on an Athen, if you were on a market where like we didn't have 90% of the people for professional ethnic. And if we were on a market where we had like people that were a little more friendly and outgoing, and had something to say, as opposed to, you're not fact-bag. They already know that. Okay, it's not a bullet nail, you know, you're not a fact-bag. You'll go to this point, you know? What's your poor answer? God. Here's another one, Miami, hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir. I, I, I, I little bit of hope here. First back home, I had a cheerleaders. I little bit more of hope I was thinking, you know, the balls until recently until the Reaction shift, I've shown that George W was ahead. But then again, what about the fact that maybe they're not pulling in the right places where a lot of people don't have the computers or the accessor, the lower income, the lower income opinion is being shown here? Yeah, the lower income opinion? Yeah. What does that mean? I thought just like I said, I'm not fortunate enough about a business. I like perfokes. They had like the blood guard, the white suit that went suit, that perfokes. What do they know? They're the meaning to wearing a cross, the real people in America, maybe there are being heard here. Yeah. Okay, whatever you say, you're just about to your four times and it will be okay. Yeah, purple, that was interesting. Let's take a poll on that. Which are you like better? Chambers, perfokes or lag? I don't know if it's a lag. No lag. So how about art work on the lag? It was best by test, baby. I love lag. Well, you used to work with midnight all those years talking to good people. Many of night in midnight. That's one of the reasons I'm so such a fat fag is because of all those meals in those years. Well, you didn't have to work at midnight after bad time to be eaten, to be eaten a big meal. You couldn't get coffee for a dime of lag. I don't care. I'm not one of those two faggins like you are actually making more than two dollars an hour most of my life. I think of those those are making about three, seven, five. But anyway, why did you lose great? And it worked in London clock? What do you mean? What is the matter? What does the matter of fact for the bank? Really? You see how we're getting screwed. Are you people out there who just wake up one day and always pay you like you're all gone? Makes it just for us my guy being fed ass. I think the wedge used to be pretty damn good. There we got less now. We got Benny. Yeah, that's what we got. Fickened Benny. Oh, that was Benny's right by my house. The only thing that got is those mother-hummel pies. That's you really can crap a guy. Yeah, well, listen. I will get mad. I'm not because mother-hummel is in the mirror. Oh, those are good. There's been an acclaimed pies and chocolate cream pies. Can't eat those, can I? No, not a thing, but it's not if you're looking. Moon. That doesn't make you fat if nobody sees you. You think that's correct. That is absolutely correct. The calories only count if somebody sees you in them. That's what I always say. It's working too good, but that will be their voice. That's that way. Here's Danny, hello. All right. Neil. Yes, sir. A very important, I believe. The new rolling stone has Al Gore on the cover. Every unit is open. The crowd. The crowd. It dissects every issue. I believe that your young listeners ought to take a chance here and give it a peruv. Take a chance and check out his piece. In Germany, where? They are brushed. Okay. The bottom line. It's frightening. It's just to talk to young people and see what the reaction is. And when they come back to you. They're not always been that way. It's nothing. We were the same way when we were that age. Yeah. They don't have a crew of that. Young people because of the fact that education is so crappy in this country. Nobody knows nothing about service. They don't even know who the candidates are. Right. A guy on CNBC last night. Professor. With all kinds of silicone valley. Good. That's what he was saying. Functional literacy is at 22%. It's probably double that. 50%. It's 60%. And it's not where to get them up with that number. It's at least 50%. That's also the people who are voting. That's cool. I can't wait to see. That's right. That's why they like moving. Like that. They like them. Being with them. That's you. Working at some way. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. That's here about a what's wrong with those dolphins. I mean, oh, it's big and what's wrong. I've got two facts from ladies about the Panthers. About how they hate the BM&T and boys like Poison. And who the hell are they? They're getting. Tomorrow night you got the and the jersey levels that offenders stand like up champion to swept the Panthers and the playoffs rise year will be caught. I'm sure we call them. They'll be here at the macro meeting tomorrow night. That could be really, really ugly. And I read with much amusement interest. They've Joseph of all people like Sohaki Colomans on several this morning. In which TM says, but it's better. But it's things they didn't think. Except they got a bunch of different. Because that's not excuse why they couldn't score even one goal against the team. And they were like, girls team. We expect you in the sort of while. And then TM comes up with, oh, great story about how when they play other teams, they play better because we were so good last year. So when they go into Montreal and in most of them said, we'll play the Canadian. They have to, but, you know, pull up their jocks. They're up a little bit tired of and play even at much better against us because they want to be just because we were so good. Have we played Montreal this year? Oh, so what the hell is he talking about? Well, that one is this man talking about. So these are the kind of incoherent ramblings you get from anybody who's about to get can. The ramblings come in from TM. He knows them well. His ass is right on the line. I'm probably his brother, too. And you mama. That's right. I can't, I can't wait for the opportunity to play that song. You know what's one of these? Good, I'm sorry. Oh, get those buttons out again. Yeah, but the youngsters in the organization are going to be something special this year. And how come there's all our empty shoots? 10.55 at 5.60 WQAM. 4.65. WQAM by Andy Fort Lagerdale, a beastly brother of the station. WQAM.com, full of work. I have my kill on here, honey. Even the problem is you're not talking to yourself. You barely say two words to him and you call me. One whole hour about hottest talk on radio. But Dr. is in. Nice to be. Okay. I messed up making call me back in a couple of weeks. Just do this girl. Hello, honey. We're Dr. Visco. Don't you just go. Yes, yeah. I know what a pain. I'm bleeding. I'm bleeding. I'm bleeding. Sure. I'm not that kind of doctor. Are you familiar with Dr. Dean? Very good. Yes. You should be calling Dr. Dean. Sure. Who could help you out with that? Oh, yeah. Yeah. So do that. Listen. Well, I'm home. Master me. Okay. I'll just go. Week days at noon. It's another clock at five, 60WK. We got Hank at two. We got glory on game night. That's tomorrow night. Hank is a flag release. We got outbound and we'll thank it for. But Lamar Thomas had five. That should be a chair, Jerker. And then we got groups to replace. Well, Syria is good. Number three. Hank is in about eight o'clock tonight. Get that thing over. Here's a partial transcript. Thank you for a few. So I'm compushing this to me who I've been. Of the latest. Any of you on Friday. I've been watching it in crossfire. Reset as Bob Novak says. Crossfire. Bob Novak. Mr. Flint. Never let it be said that we sent to any of our guests here on crossfire. And we say you wanted to talk about the election. Tell me what you wanted to say. Well, during the impeachment debacle, we didn't invest a nation which was other than the resignation of Bob Lillies and then others. And we continued this investigation. And for eight months, we were looking into George W. Bush's background. And we found out in the early 1970s, who was involved in an abortion in Texas. And I just think that it's sad that the mainstream media who's aware of this story won't ask him that question when they were able to ask him the drug question about any proof at all. And we've got all kinds of proof on this issue. Novak, why you're Flint? Well, if you know the guy admitted he was drunk for 20 years and if the abortion issue was true, then that puts him low on the Maraleleysky oven. No, but Mr. Flint, you said if it's true and you have no proof of that. I gather your voice strong. Flint, the hell we don't have proof. Novak, so I gather your very strong gross supporter of that correct. Flint, I vote for the rest of two and go by and all I keep along them. Well, press, I'll write Larry Flint and the man in the species word, but we remind you that these are Larry Flint's words and not ours. Running away of course from whatever might be out there. Yeah, why don't we hear more about that? And how come nobody is right? If you're dissatisfied by to bring this crap up about a man who's got a substance abuse problem, because even if the drug stuff isn't true, he's admitted alcoholic and there's no such thing as an ex alcoholic, I keep telling you that. We don't want to hear about it. Okay. Five, two cars on this board here today. This continues being another one of the worst weeks in our history of this show. Two weeks before election day. Here's, I tried desperately to beat these people over and hit a knock some goddamn sentence and get them off their dead ass. And not worry about whether due movement is due issue, whether this one is grayish, or all those other stupid crap, or whether really Logan is black. If the ace is spades, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, and provides them where it was lying, desperate. Here's a motor one of the matured people. Hello, they all do that. Okay. I don't really want to have the child that's here. Well, I'm glad you're glad to hear that. Yeah, me too. He's pretty scared. That's a horn around here, right? Yeah. Neil, I was good to say over in Tampa, the Bush supporters, they got this deal over there. They drive around and pack the hunters. They're flagged, they keep their horn, they weave it out of traffic and leave the people. What do you expect over there? Well, again, you had a point there. You know how high we see it down here about Tampa. Fuck Tampa. Yeah. Well, I'm not in the face of another safety chair, and I'm going to give my vote that's your vote. What? You can't help, remember? Joe Wallace, the president? No. All right. What does that mean? Well, I'm never going to need to be there with the big thing they're back in the summer before. But what does that mean? Well, why did you just say that? What is the point? What is it that I'm missing? And I'm going to see it fading me desperately. This is going to be made in Washington. Okay, great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm, 5, 60. See what? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? Go ahead. Go to jail. Why? Answer your question. I'll ask. You will go to jail. I've got the transcript of 10 minutes after the show is over and about three hours later it's that's the only archive show that they do not have on their database. Are you like that? Yeah, it's been just not as extensive with Dan Krell and that's pot connection to Texas together with New York in Texas that they shut up more and do any interviews. You bet, you've got a lot to up. Anyway, if you want to find out a little bit more about this, there's a couple of websites you know, you can go to to find out a little bit more about that interview. Yeah. And they put- I don't want to find out more about the interview. I want to find out the information. Forget the interview. That's what I mean. And you can find out about the ambush campaigns effort to try to shut the end and up about that and threading a lawsuit if they have that transcript on their website. Really? Yep. So you can find information about that at a couple of different sites. One is gwbush.com and the other is www.thonofabush.com. And I think someone mentioned to you a couple of days ago about, I know what you did in Texas.com. Mm-hmm. So there are some great places to find out information about this. Excellent. And as past rubbed addictions of pieces of abortion, etc. All of this is overlooked by the Agutty Tushes crowd, the opinions, the history of cloud, the moniker crowd. All of this is overlooked. You know, we're going to bring this country back to morality. We're going to bring it back to a decency, right? Yeah, like Bob Livingston. Oh, yeah. And on your side. And on the other Bible, Baiters. Okay. Thanks, man. Thanks again. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T and Pilais and Wireless Line. And we get the good example of what it's all about here today. I'll do that. More on. Not this guy. Here's a moment where the Weston, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I've got a meal for president. Yeah. Listen, I'm following a gorgeous blonde in a white late model for that. With a blopper sticker that says, if you can beat me, you can treat me. Yeah. I had to modify the last word, but you get the idea. Mm-hmm. One of the word for that Bournemouth. Here's plantation, hello. Ready. More than four modern-day, how long? In your age, you're the smartest. Same as usual, pal. Yeah. I'm going to cut my head off like a mower on. Yeah. I really try to follow this selection here. And number one, you know, everybody keeps talking about all things. The George Bush is seven and a half. And, you know, like the abortion, if you just mentioned, the drugs and the alcohol. I've been the Democrats, so don't come forward with this stuff. I mean, if they can put a point and you drop a dress from a year ago, I can't do a good information on George's. Not to say, call the fight or to bring, but there's a bring thing to the foretoon. To an abortion for the floney that he is, what you're trying to say, and beats now out of me. I'm amazed by that. The can my other question is, is, is the defeat? They were distracting, right? I mean, it was the same thing over and over. I'm going to go over and, going questions on the same boring answers. Just like Dan Wader said, just like a reading an African card. It's the same tired of putting a clip over and over again. Not to mention the horrendous job that you murdered. That was absolutely right. I know. He was worse than both of them put together. So, um, no, I just gotta do the best I can. I'll put it three or four times. Okay. Five, six, seven, five, six, eight, pump. Let's run over the post today. Yeah, he must have out of the heavy stuff. Three for him. Here's my him, he's long. Hey, yeah. Yes, sir. I say, you gotta crew today. Uh-huh. Listen, how long do you think these moms that are going to vote for Bush are going to realize? Well, how long they're going to take after he's elected, which I'm really afraid that's going to happen. Uh, are they going to realize that he's going to screw things up? You know, how many years are going to take four years or eight years of a Bush administration before the, uh, the budget goes and everything goes? There's an actual one to stand. Just like Reagan with the triple bounce. If Reagan, uh, remember where how he was, he could come back and run again now. And they put him back in again. Exactly. And he's going to be a little bit more difficult down in a recession and the gigantic deficit and all of those things. Uh, they're in the push now. They've got to, they just don't like Lord. That's what it's like. I hate to be a cynic, but I tell you these people are going to get with they deserve. Okay. Let me go, friend. Okay. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the 18K and Verizon Wireless Line. Floridians, don't have dirt on the ground. 660, 560, on the 18K and Verizon Wireless Line. They've got to, they just don't like the economy. When they do the best and not young. They're trying to fight the old. And the money will stop one more. But I've been told to get up and when they do the best and not young. You'll be able to make up a lot of things. Please, I'm all about God. I'm not a hero, I'm a hero, I'm a hero. Work, work. Well, in the 13-56, you've got to have a Miguel as it's the, if you were in Van Leather 1 from now on, and I guess it's a Pac-Mail right next to Wendysie and not Pelletarian Plantation with the best in the LCDs and cassette. And Keychain and Teachers. Here's a thanks from Jonathan, who says I'm going to thank you for reading our facts on the air to be sponsors overwhelming. See the response off the air as always overwhelming. What we give in the phone here is just a bunch of morons generally. But off the air we can make something happen, which is what the Bush people are afraid of. Just like what we did when they last July when they had that penny sales tax that they are up in. And you try to pull the wall over the public con. Remember those days? I sure do. It says that we 250 people have joined the internet war. CNN Galapher ABC were being bombarded on a daily basis by the Republican propaganda. And we're affecting their numbers. We have them on the wall, but we've engaged them and begun to fight. He points out that the 1996 5% of Cubans were registered as Democrats in Hellpan. They counted Bill Clinton in 2000. Number 2 to 8% of may just help the hand day counted Al Gore. Also, there are a lot of people out there who want Gore. Bumper stickers they can call 305. 4338.1483 to get the aggressive the office viewers send. They can pick up their bumper stickers, pin signs, etc. 305.438.1483. Okay Jonathan, we're doing the best we can here. Even if we got a bunch of bulls those out there. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Leady and Palm Beach, hello. Yes, man. I have a couple of comments. First of all, we're writing bushes and so-called former drug and alcohol use. I worked in the criminal justice system and supervised drug and alcohol offenders. And let me tell you, the rate of recidivism is wildly high. They are the modes of charming, modes of uncharted for the group of people in general. When they had the search today, everybody was lining about Gore's sign. Nobody picked up on Bush's bushes sniffling. Right. What was that? I don't believe that. Welcome to come to him up with some of the stuff that he had a head cold. But the fact is in the 30 debate which was two weeks later, he still was sniffling and snorting. And we don't have a cold at that point. Yeah, well, which brings me to my second comment. So this is a team to you that the main between presses and collusion with the Bush campaign. I would take a losing, but it seems to me that all the big money interests are desk-partigate bush in. There's no question about that. How can the Mfattian and especially see it as the hyperventilating with their leader? The Mfattian Bc would not know. And I said Bc has been the pretty fair, but see it as being vending over back where their gallop pole and Bill Schneider and Jeffreefield all these other things. I mean, we felt he might have to the first debate which everybody in America basically. Every polarity took said go one out one by big margin and Greenfield came out and was raving about how great bush looks. There was a website for women to make comments. Yeah. And several people had commented, yeah, bush won the debate until somebody picked up that all of these comments saying Bush won had been logged in before the debate. Right, but that's right. Well, that's a really funny thing. I was very happy with what I just said here about how they've been loading up on all the poles on the internet. Yeah, well keep talking. As far as he can get them more democratic supporters on the air. Okay. Oh, like Molly I've been from Texas really, you know what like it is. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. See, there's a lady who's got her head down straight as opposed to where about some stupid ball game or making a bunch of gutterable sounds. Or wearing about the WWF or some other crap or thinking that she's amusing and funny, which most of you are not. See, that's not what I'm ever asked is that people take maybe like 1% of their time and a resistance in their brain power and you know, and put that energy into something positive. Well, most of them do it. No, no, no, this is not a waste of time and they all suck at the funny, you know, they all do suck, but it's a matter of who sucks the less. Who's going to do the most damage? That's the point. Who's going to do the most damage not just the next four years, but the next 30 and 40 and 50 years by appointing a whole bunch of right wing fashions juggers to take white to away from women and everybody else. Oh no, we can't be worried about that. I just don't understand people how I guess when you're poorly educated, you mean stupid, most of your life. Is that what it is? They say they can't teach old dogs, new tricks, I guess that's what a boy is down to. Here's sunrise, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I think what's happening is that the media is pretty much, you know, spent the last eight years covering for somebody and being made a full of administration set one thing. You know, exactly what's going on? They've been covering for somebody, you mean like the way that they savage, Clinton from the minute he got into the office in the way that the covered penis gate round the clock. No, they think, you know, but they, you would go on one thing. They've printed and then you'd find out the exact opposite was a 30, so then they had to go back to the retractor story. You know, our goal is being caught in three or four different lives on the stomach so far. Yeah. But I, you know, I thought, you know, and of course you're a good person. Well, I'm not saying, you know what? Like how we worked at a lot of how we did that great time by part of the thing with the Democrats and Texas to support and get past the pay. And get past the patient's filer rights, which is a total lie. That's only one. There's there's 2000 people coming across the border everyday in Texas and they all get help here. It's amazing how they even do that. That blows me away. But what does that have to do with whether Bush lied or not? What do you do? He lied about the, but patient's filer rights are working in a bipartisan way. He was again, he vetoed at the first time and then went ahead and got a vote so overwriters. He did we let it go into law, but I don't know without signing it. I don't know. Oh, you, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. No, wait a minute. We can't confuse this man with the facts. I don't know. Grow as a liar. And you see, the media had done an effective job of brainwashing. Every time you were farce, it doesn't smell the right flavor. Oh my god, look at that. He said it was going to be, it was going to be blueberry to turn out to be some other flavor. I just got to tell you one fact, just about one. And you notice the Bush people don't confuse them with the drug abuse or the substance of the drug, the alcoholism, or any of the other things that may or may not be coming up. Because they don't care if it comes to find out that he raped 50 women and they had 50 abortions, it still won't make any difference. Because where there's no sense, there's no feeling. It's like a sponge made out of brick. It's absorbing nothing. I don't know. No, you don't know. At least you gave us one understand, so that you don't know. Well, do some reading. Go on the internet. Watch your guy damn TV show. We said, God damn Bob Novak. And maybe you might find something out. Makes me sick to my stomach. Neither one of them is a prize. That's the best thing I can say about both of them. But my God, Goro is bad as he is and is boring as he is. That is a form of politician as he's turning out today. Light years ahead of the other bulls, though. It's like we said about those little burgers, I'm sure. Here's a mobile on the alley. Hello. Yes, sir. What about, you know, we've had a long history of this position. There's a top of this. I mean, we'll just keep the invade Panama because the man will get naked pictures of him. But they also go, they want to get the complexion of the Panama canal. Right. I mean, they, you know, what is the point? The point is that the whole family has got a long history of manipulating the media and manipulating SNLs, right, like Neil Bush. Right. And Jen. So, I mean, we need to need job and George P and George does you know the rest of this Get that out of here. Okay. We'll put him on a guy damn banana bone, send him to Nick and I know what's the hell was that? Oh, we're all, I don't know. Somebody boarding in the hallway here. Oh, our 10th in, little high. Hey, if it was good enough for Rick we've reached good enough for me, bowling on the radio. That's what I'm going to do for next two weeks. I said it's talking about this stuff that nobody cares about. Let's talk about, let's do some playbath by bowling. We got the Eddie cololex against the sermon Gibson, the great left hand, the sermon Gibson he's dead, but he just came back for this match. Here's a mobile and top on. Hello. Hey, I'm coming to the radio. Okay. You just saw the mention about the the Supreme Court justices. Yes, you have the seats that are up for appointment. But unfortunately, I think that's the top of the order of issues in the selection. What do you think is the main issue that we should be looking at between Goar and Bush? That is the main issue right there. That's the most important thing. You have to think that's the last thing that's the longest last thing. Like I said before, that has impact for 30 or 40 or 50 or 60 years. Yeah, because when they point those just as they're going to be able to change a lot of while considering how many you say three or four they're going to be able to change. And what's the main court justices are there for life? Or you don't want to decide to retire, which I want to hold one should. And you're a fat you fat. Okay, great. 5.670. 5.6. I'll see that's a blikester where you have to come up with the end of the call. I still hadn't forgotten that's in the last place. Right. You know, I'm not going to have a gunfighter that's an hour later. I'm still a fat you fat. At least I'm consistent. That's good. 5.670. 5.6. I'm going to say something to be said for consistent. Big. I can't. He's still on that track. Here's a mobile and time of time. Tell him. You like brown or native for president of New? A bigger person? Brown or native? What about you, sir? I'm a little bit carrying. Yeah. And. Well, I think they got a good shot in the election. They got a good shot at one. Winning it? Winning the election. Okay, listen, hang on right now. We'll call social service and get them up all the day and about the half an hour. Don't go anywhere. 5.670. 5.6. Yeah, I think he likes it brown. 5.6. The only 18.10 Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and Western. Hello. Neo. I can't believe he dropped a simple amphibious out there who can afford mobile phones and have been polluted the airway with this puke for 25 years. I've been listening to this. What's going to be a little bit of a fatigue. An amphibious president. Because this guy gets a freaking idiot. I don't know how you can watch the debate and have a call. And then the fucking focus is that all of these networks have got CNBC including 30 people of Michigan and ABC with 10 in Ohio. And this guy knows it. No, sir. Those are the people you've just been listening to for last hour and 25 minutes more on. Well, and you understand about what we've had here today more on. If unbelievable. I mean, a gross, a character. I'm out of big faith at public but help. I'm not going to be a economy chair and everybody's at Dunwell in last eight years. But gross, I've lost that a qualified. They agreed to the ones to be president. And I don't know what the hell it is. I mean, the guys have been on better than the other guys. Yeah. Yeah. Guys, they're just here now. Okay, calm down. You get a little bit to your steer. Okay. I don't want to get my pressure up. It's not worth it. See if it was back for the Cubans again in LA on. You people, they have today. Month after month, week after week for months and months and months. We had no shortage of calls used to come in and sit down every morning. All I had to do was say hello. Are we going to achieve all of us and not, not, not, not, not, not, not. His circle. And that's because the people in this town and the people are also this country. But I live here so I can only judge about I've gone through 25 years here. You got your priorities all screwed up. The thing that gets you most emotional on his circle boils down to one word. Hey, that's what it is. Hate. That's the only thing that sells in this town is chicken hate. Just like I said yesterday, if we want to sit here and talk about Cubans every day for next to five years, we get a 90-year. Oh, there are a bunch of no good guys and why I bear a wear and be neat in whatever. You know, that's all this town's all about is hate. That's why and you can't complain about the activism. There isn't any. That's why Ken Jenny gets 68% of the vote up there and the young people are belly aching about you. We have no constituency in their taking all our rights away. Well, that's because you know vote. And the same thing in the day, county mayor, Pingo Picania, a national embarrassment. It gets on national TV. And they statements that are so obnoxious and unacceptable that anybody ought to be embarrassed, including his relatives. And he gets put back in again without even a runoff. Why are we going to do me? Why are we going to do me? I mean, you're going to God damn brain. Maybe that's what you need to do. Get an implant. They have all these other implant things that they're doing. All those cosmetic surgery. How about a brain implant? Then we can have a speaking and get a factory moved in here. Do a land office business. I guarantee you that. There's a lot of openings. 26 past 11 at five, 60 WQMs. The deal Roger show. Sports radio. 5, 60. You. Hey. Hi. This is Randy West. And they don't come any better than me. More in Neil Roger. No. From Washington, the McLaughlin Group, featuring Elinor Clip. Jack Jemon, and sitting in for Pat Puken. New York Giant, Kiki Barber. No. Here's John McLaughlin. Here's you one. George W. Rings of vault. I don't know, Cliff. Well, John, I want to say. Oh, Jack Jemon. Well, that's not an easy choice. Wrong. Kiki Barber. I'm going to have to say the book. Wrong. Actual answer. Four exercise. That's what I've been eating with a two. Next issue. Algo. Favorite Broadway show. Bring in the noise. Bring in the punk or cast. Elinor, G. I think you're falling off. Well, John, I must have said. Wrong. Jack Jemon. That's a very difficult choice. Wrong. Kiki Barber. I'm going to have to say, right. Not a choice. We need Kiki Barber. You gave it in to less than it wasn't a choice. Well, correct with ponds. Can't. He loves them. Next issue. The cast of big brothers should be murdered. How? Elinor. Wrong. Kiki Barber. Kind of my. Wrong. Kiki Barber. I don't think they should be. Wrong. Excellent. So boys and coding. Bye. Bye. Bye. 1131 at 5.62. I'm some of Gellers Jones and Person Free Bagels. I'm signed by those bagels. If you're listening over at Einstein Brothers, if there's anybody over there, go into Einstein to get some free bagels from a Gell who's dying from. He's in the Q.M. van from not all one o'clock at Pac-Mail. I'm lucky to the wind this year. I'm not feeling free. I'm going to play a football bar in plantation with our best out for a plan parenthood. Best in E.L.C.D.s and cassettes. Pichers. And of course. I'm a ferocious. Kiki. 5.675. 6. I don't like this pool that they could get. It's already. I don't believe it anyway. Would you vote for an African American for present? 61. 36. No. 97. Boats. No. Now this and what's politically correct. Almost everybody says they politically correct. Even if it's only on a pool. But when push comes this year, I'm going to go in at voting place and privacy. Yeah, you know what I'm talking about? Just like the Julie women factor. You wait for all the anti-Semite to come out of the board. We're including those people who may not be all anti-Semitic. Just don't like his fanaticism. Just don't like the fact that he's got a mizzosa under each armpit. I was thinking if Julie women never walked in here while we were on the area. You know, he's been coming down here a lot. Trying to rule the Cuban voters who are in the old Jews in the condos. If he ever walked in here, I'd pull that old crucifix out. Yeah, works for Dracula. Hey, hey, hey, I'm leaving now. Yeah, he's going to get to hell out of here fast. Mr. Mizzuzzi. Hey, that's a great idea. If they don't want the election, we can make some big money for next time. You know Mr. Potatohead, how about Mr. Mizzuzzi? It's a little Mizzuzzi and the head is going to figure out Julie women on top of touch pay us and attach pay us. And then you can even torture it with the to film. Here's Miami, hello. Hi, I'm your host. I'm voting for Bush. First of all, the most important thing to me is to pack and I believe you're going to come back. Uh-huh. Come and get to see it and look for your college. You know, they're all well for anyway, they're not working. So they don't think they're all well for it. They want me to pay the welfare well for what they can. I hate the great news, because the welfare was going to be way back on the front of my life. They don't give me this all-yeah, clap. So let me say it again. Well, there was cut. No, I don't. No, I don't. I do. I don't make a million dollars. I guarantee I save a lot more money than you would. And I'm not that selfish. Okay, I care about more important things than I do. I'm going to read dollars than they are. I can take more taxes than they are. I don't make it. I don't make it. I don't make it. How much money are you going to save on your tax culture? So if I can get that to the extra sounds, a couple of dollars a year, that can make a difference. You know, I don't matter if you make a difference in what. Happy money gets taken off and taxes. Make a difference in what? I got paid more than half of my money in all the way around. Well, that's fine. That's fine. I don't want to. I want to show my money back. I don't want my money going to some, uh, little, uh, social causes. There's been, uh, little social companies. I'm a plant manager and I'll be other, uh, plant parent or there's another one. And all those, uh, he just covers you. Okay. Thank you. There's another one there. Some fish people. All they think is they're going to get tax. But we can't go to get nothing. And number two, he don't want his money going to all these. Because he's just the right way to answer was what he is. Why don't you just say that in the beginning and save us all that trouble? And don't worry about how much I'm making. And it's obvious from your call to see why you're making what you're making and belly aching about it. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, this is no bathroom at church. You know, but you're going to win. Yeah. Let you know that. Yeah. And we're against the portion because it's wrong. The Bible says so. But the word is a Bible say abortion is wrong. What is it saying? She's not, um, living murder. Was that the same God that kept the God kept telling the Jews to kill all their enemies? Is that the same God that's the abortion you shouldn't commit murder? And we, and then we, five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, six, five, six, six, six, six, eight, eight, eight, eight, and Verizon, Marlaphan. Thank you for your continued support of the new Roger show. He's still with us. Oh, yeah. And that's in too. That's the, There's no fact in the church. Guys, here's a mobile in Miramar. Hello. Hey, I'll go near you. Okay. I just want to say, I'm going for our word off nine, 12 times somewhere around there. Yeah. And I think the reason I am is it comes down to the dedication. And I think how important and a lot more dedication to doing the right thing is doing a good job. And he's shown that through the years, you know, with his work as a senator and his work as a vice president, that he's going to do things like, you know, clean up the environment and try and better social security and health care and things like that. And I think that's what it boils down to is the George Bush. You don't give a damn. He just wants to be the president because of daddy was the president and whatnot. And things like that. There ought to be the president because the alto rich, the oil companies, the tobacco companies, the pharmaceutical companies, all the people in big business have named him to be the era parent. That's why he wants to be president. Well, it's a face man. And also, it seems to me like George Bush said everything handed to him. So he never had the work for any right. And while I'll go, I'm sure he's had the work, you know, to become a senator, become vice president, especially with a president like Bill Clinton at the beginning was kind of, you know, a little bit shady because of his path and because there are for flowers and all that BS. And so it's kind of hard. So I probably have to work hard. I think that shows that I was going to be a good president when he's elected. Okay. Motor or your own fact. Okay. And we know five, six, seven, five. No, you see it's mandatory by the time to get to the end of the call, I have to say that. You're a fact, you think. Here's a mobile in top of no beach, hello. Hey, don't you? Okay. I totally agree with you on that. I went back to pointy made earlier, and that's right. Terry Murray's a lab excuse as to whether the panthers are doing crappy. Yeah. So the teams are going to give me a break. He's talking about teams as they haven't even played yet and excuses about how well, you know, we got a world class player and therefore, Yati Adia. That's the lamest crap I've ever heard in my life. There was, I read that morning and I could. I mean, I just got through with a scroll of time against the worse team in the league. And as this uses well, they played their best because they were so terrified of us. And they should both be fired because they did that address the main problem on the team is that they have nobody at the blue line that could pass it to the forward. And you see that problem and it's so significant right now. That's just the question. Nobody has the blue line to pass it to the forward. The fact is that they don't think that two or three guys who can score, he's destroyed Victor Coslov's confidence. He's taking a guy to let a break out year last year in the story of his confidence. And he keeps putting these ridiculous lines together. This man just can't cut it. There's no question about that. He hasn't done that. Should have never taken Victor Coslov off the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top. That is absolutely correct. And then they'll get in Larry onop as one of the most stupid moves. They let Brewery talk him into that. They get Larry onop. They get a 90-year-old man to put out there who plays like a 200-year-old man and screw up a whole chemistry on the team. He's given up a lot of turnovers and the other problem is that the fact that other teams like Caroline is able to get those lynching that thinking I don't really get the moment of hammering. He's in there and all they get is Larry onop. Absolutely. I think what we need to do is call it when Jersey's here tomorrow night's humble. Make a trade. They won't even have to change the name on a uniform. Since they can't sign Scott and you and Marlotte came and given the brother no extra charge. All right. And at the T-Vari. There you go. Package deals. Good idea. He's the new president of the Panthers. Not a little bit. I'll give you the country. Sounds pretty articulate. So, me especially competitive. We've been talking to you today. 22 before noon at 5. 60 WQA, M5. 6705. 50. You see anybody at the age of 50 now. Especially young guys when you call in the show. Just make sure in case any of your friends are listening or they work somebody recognize your voice. At the end of the call, you have to say and you're a fact you fact. Just so you get yourself off the hook. Because otherwise, they might think you really like to show. For you, 560 WQA and my happy portlutter day of Beansley Broadcast Group Station. Who was your first we now? No, no, no, no. What was that Jennifer? Who? Fusty mad. I'm sure. Don't sip on me. Oh, Tom, no, whatever the bottom that we wanted. We've got four seasons over there. They didn't know we were two free hops. Time it was. We never would have known. They just rub me the wrong way. And I can listen to that. Every speech I love regains it's in the mood. So, calorie hates you. I'm still spewing hatred through the most constant. People's consumables. It's in the mood. calorie hates you. You won't catch your light in the months of our... And she wants to have a wonderful alarm. I want to run. I'm so proud of you. It's a new... Oh, every age you. It's a new time. I hate to break the news. The Karen who just facts me all kinds of information about somebody. Maybe you're a husband or someone or whatever. Some friends who is working at the fan. And who's check-bounds. Do you need a replacement check? And went to the wage and hour to visit any of the product. And facts as me pages and pages and pages and pages and stuff. Too bad. That's what we can do about it sweetheart. That's what happens when you work for a video station that has no audience. In addition to which we can't be worried about their people getting paid. We have enough trouble around here making sure that everybody gets paid. I was gonna say on time, but of course, around here that would be a silly thing to say with a B-sleeve. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. We better change this pull price. This one is boring to me. I don't like boring shows. I don't like boring pull prices. And I certainly don't like boring calls. Which you've had many, many of today. Terminal and ponderous. And there's boring, boring ass place. I was gonna ask a poll question about what station they watch for news, but after listening to these people. I'm not talking about local station, I'm talking about what's network. I'll go ahead and ask you anyway. Here's an o'clock, Eric. Which network do you watch most often for news? CBS, CNN, NBC, ABC, Fox, PBS, MSNBC, or rarely or never watch news. 75-48 said yesterday with both for an African American president, I think about 70-75 line through their teeth. Here's an o'clock, and the whole thing's about to be the same. I'll go ahead and ask you a question. I'll go ahead and ask you a question. What's your answer? Which I'm sure I can imagine how many we're gonna get to those from the crowd we've paid here today. What I mean? Which network do you watch most often for news? CBS, CNN, NBC, that's the one with the apicoc. ABC, Fox, that's the one with the swastik in the bottom right hand corner. Here's an o'clock in the morning for a lot of day, hello. Yeah? Yes, sir? All right. This is, excuse me, Christ. I'm a little nervous for some call. When I thought you'd be this Christ? I hope you're getting a hillbump, okay? Yes, I'm a retail ringer, I got it. And what that lady said before is absolutely correct. I'm a little manipulative and... Yeah? In a particular way. I would never trust anybody. I know a lot of people that are being cleaned for a long time. Yeah. There's no way that there's no way that I would trust and with the presidency. Right. Anyway, lately, I've been in a tight can even talk. Yeah. Well, just for a year, it's those 12 steps. Just work on number 11, I think it'd be okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm, 5, 60 on the AT&T. This should be shocking, but when you hear these calls, this is great risk. You think that we're talking a lot of bosos, but you have to shift a lot of crap to get something that makes an impact. And when you hear these people, I don't know. I don't know. But it doesn't make any difference what you tell them because in their eyes, he's the death line man. He's promising them money. He's going to give them something for nothing, which most of them aren't going to get in the first place. But that sounds good to them. So, if they don't care how many drugs he did, how much your bosos he consumed, how much of a dangerous alcoholic he may be, how much he may crumble under pressure, how dumb he may be. They don't care about anything. He's just offering them something for nothing and that sounds good to them because the bottom line is their selfish. Ignorant and selfish, which go hand in hand. Aren't you? Aren't you? Aren't you a guard? Aren't you sick of that? Can't you make all that money? No. Here's a mobile and haven't you, or how long? Anya. Yes sir. How are you doing? Okay. You got a collar like couple cova go. He makes me sick to my stomach. Which one was that? You. When he told you, he's going to vote for bosos because of the sex stuff. He doesn't want his money to go to those people. Yeah. I mean, the living doesn't show you that the collar usually, they kind of, the voters, they usually go with their candidates when they believe they're due. I mean, this guy, he is shown as the typical bush and what his bush is about, they're for homes for the very selfish. The only thing they would for themselves, and I don't think this man should be a president for the whole country. I'm not going to have to worry about that. He's elected. He won't be a president for the whole country. You don't have to worry about that. Well, does this be a president for the right wing and the rich? He's so far. I think we're closing up. And we're going to win. We're going to win. Okay. Thank you, Leo. Okay, she's here. We're going to win, baby. Oh! And they're going to be easy, but we're going to win. And of course, you could get the later crown off their cloud and stop acting like I'm much more on and bring it back to reality. If they do an effective job of that next week, you think they're going to do an effective job? Oh, not so far. Although he was mumbling about it on the plane the other day on the campaign trail. Albert, he was mumbling about it. Well, I'll vote for Adam on the side that the vote for natives of Ophor, for Bush, but of course it is, but I don't want to say it. Well, why not come out and say it? Huh? Put the info, Tim, it's quick. Beat it around the old tree. Here's a mobile and dear field, be chillin. Hello, Leo. How are you today? I'm doing good. Yeah, I hear that. It just didn't close to that. Oh, the call stuff, but I'm doing very well. I'm doing fine. My hand feels great. Get my backpack into one piece. I just said an interesting conversation about my education. I can't tell you. It's from the report you've been saying. We're talking about the election. He says he's not, he's not, he's not going to say he's not going to vote. And any source to me, I can't believe one of these guys might be president. I just wake up and smell a rose. There's one of them who will be president. Yeah. It's crazy. It's crazy. Well, I'm going to vote for, for Gloria most. I'm going to go home. I did a revolution to do this. Okay. I think he had a right to first time. Boy, I think that was a 40 in slip. He said he's going to vote for Borough. So what's wrong with Al Borough? We'd rather have boring than dangerous. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lunch. He all these weeks that this die tribe and dialogue has been going on. I've only had one honest bush person call. And that was the guy that called yesterday. And said he's voting for Bush because he's a lifelong Republican. And I said in other words, no matter who they put up with was a chimpanzee. You vote for him. He said, yeah. And I respect that. Alice is honest. I mean, I like it. But Alice is being honest. Instead of all these damn excuses, these people come up with this ridiculous and embarrassing crap. Here's a mobile and Cooper city. Hello. Yeah. The Bush position on taxes is made tax cuts in some of the pieces of this campaign. Yeah. He pledges of veto and the increase in corporate or personal tax. Yeah. Rebound lifts. The Bush is not the one that before. Are you reading this from? Are you reading it from Bush? Let's go. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. And by the way, you're a fast-fag. Dude. Why is not I get it in because I didn't read my long enough? Here's a mobile and plantation. Hello. Hey Neil, you want to get up with Scary? Yeah. I already have for two hours. No. If you believe the talking is. Yeah. You're excited to go. You're supposed to elect a person. Have you seen what the underside is going to look for? They look like they're in-bred. They don't read newspapers. They don't watch the news. Yeah. They know nothing. They do the people you're listening to today. They're 90 percent of the people who are calling me today. That's them. I mean, is that Scary that these people are just the side? Why do you keep saying it's Scary? This is nothing new. It's always been this way. The American people are uneducated. And that's just the way it is. That's our system. They like keeping the public dumb. You have a dumb and ignorant is it's a different story. These people are ignorant. Yeah. And they're going to tell us who's going to be president. Dean? Keep it that for ready. Okay. I'm screwed. They're right now. Don't worry about that. I always have a close to my heart. Which network you want to most often for news? MSNBC is tied with CNN and BCABC. Oh, got our average up 3 so far. And tied with rarely or never watching the news. Oh, oh, oh. Whoo. Now what if you watch in the WWE after that we turn over on my chat? Our real world on the MMPV. Now I got news for you busy watching the unreal world. That's what you're watching. The unreal world. And tell Crystal she doesn't have to worry about the rest of the world. Thinking we're a bunch of more ons over here. If we like, they're already on the list. Believe me. The levels are discovered. They've been under was for a long time. 560, 50560, pump 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Here's plantation. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Listen, like, a lot of recovering drug addicts. I'm just in denial. But in response to what if your call is being, uh, hot, whacking, shelter, packaged, bark, and just a thing to get a tax rebate from this person's book. I've got news for him. You know what? The program's a well-pecked all about. It keeps people from rubbing his house. Because if there's no social program, the no well-tapped, all these people are full with a crack and full loader, or come to where the money is made. It's at your house with your food and your wife. So without social programs, around all this wonderful democracy, you're going to get nothing but cry. This is what she's talking about. Yeah, but tell me about that because you're just 10 more. I should use it there. Thank you. Welcome, Neil. Okay. Tell me about. Satah. Cheers. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, palm five, sixty on the eight-tater of Tom Dickletzate. Cheers. You think Tom's going to say anything about the book now that we went down? See, the big story is that George is still number one there and maintained the number one waiting of this high-fraided show and the market and the radio station. Can't see the level one. I'll probably should mention that because I'll be upset if I don't mention he had a pretty good book and a summer. Since somebody asked about that, he went up a little bit. I'm pretty good. Told you they got a great show. Since he stopped making up those stories about me running into me at the shopping mall, whatever. But people were, how are people waiting for that? No. No. No. How are people don't go to that show? They were somewhere. No, they did not. They went into the diaries that didn't get to this. In other words, you really believe that how I went down to Tom. Based on what? Nothing. Based on a bad book. They're not on a bad demographic sampling by Arbitron again, which happened to me now and then because they don't know how to sample this market and then never had the level of sample the market. We still thank you very much for making this number one today and then, and getting us that bonus, we thank you, Arbitron, but you still suck. Even with my success over the years, I know you people suck. I know you're way too sick. It's just like they got to be in Gallup pool. You know, they find they take a sample of 100 people. They take 80 Republicans or 10 independence or 5 Democrats and 5 votes. They've never heard of me to candidates and then they take a pool. So who you got to vote for? All bushes, 40 points ahead. We can't figure that out. And then all of a sudden yesterday's only two points ahead. How do you figure that out, CNN? You great robbers? I'll see this is all bogus today. This is all bogus on our pool. Here's a mobile in the western. Hello. A meal. Yes, sir. I think everybody mentioned about the settlement you had to push on and Georgia's will be that is. And the next 90 had an outtake of while they're during a commercial break and they're all the and their production stuff around the desk and bushes sitting in the chair right next to them. Yeah. Take those glasses off and clean them on a lady's dress on knowingly. Boy didn't know it was going on, but he just takes his glasses off and starts cleaning amongst somebody else's dress. Yeah. I thought that was great. This is going to be, you know, supposedly maybe the next person will not. Well, that's what they do with the barbecue. Yeah, I think they should, they don't kind of take that video and use it as an advertisement. This could be your next president. Okay. No class. And have a great thing. See, now look at this. I wish you could take a look at the computer we have in here now because somebody's obviously got a hold of our thing here now. So CBS has got one, which is what I watch. And everything else has got 23. All the other choices have 23. Is that spelled out for you? Yeah. Told you. Long time ago. Remember I said hello. I didn't think it was somebody. I've never liked this. Never, never, never like this. This is magnificent. Let's see how long it stays like that. Five minutes still known at 5.60 WDQM. 4.30. 5.60 WDQM. My amy. 4.00. A measly broadcast group station. WQAM.com. Or those one. Okay. Now it's the time to send me that particular attention from a guest. Here's the prejudice. buy it. Alright. Thus I'll put thatzel fief up with the Myantes. I'll talk to the guy or the lady that broke that las vamos. Women and parents with separation are designated whichever you raise. And I'm still the one who has been rejected by Through my dream. And the Jamie, thank you, man, the best group of good, we like Jamie, because we can't say this. So, let's still go in here at 5.60 W2 on the Hank Overshore from Flagler to San Pune for a clock with L-bound inside the clock with Lamar Thomas thought to Alabama as I'm sure for last night. If the clock got the blue sphere, 8 o'clock its World Series game number 3, and like I said before, get that turkey over with already soon, and that's really blow. Here's a fact that says it's unbelievable last week it worked. I answered the phone was recording from Jeff Booster, remember to get out and vote and make it a Republican vote. How dare they call business with that crap rights this fangxer? Yesterday I called the Gorlyberman Local Headquarters and Plantation Summer, I was thinking I would volunteer for the next two weeks to get out to vote, or bring people to the polls on the seventh. They handed me a few bumpers to get in the harvey, they had a moment for me. There were selling buttons for two bucks. Why? Didn't there raise enough money to let us force lots to have a free button? I left a little bit disappointed as everyone campaigns in the past and welcome volunteers. They were in the Mercedes building on Broward, and University. There are numbers 37092-10. I hope they have a more positive attitude for the next potential supporter. Why are they in office building instead of a more visible storefront and ask, go figure it says? How do you like that? When it comes to promising doesn't it? No. Fine, okay, we got the new pull up that was Eric's fault. That was Eric's fault. I just mentioned that in passing. Nobody's perfect, especially Eric. He's a little fat. Here's a mobile-in-port-laterdale. Hello. Anyhow, you're doing it there. All right. This is for that guy, the Bush guy. I think he can say $2,000 in tactics. What if he think all he needs to do is get on Bush's little tax calculator? I'm 23 years old. I'm going to make about $40,000. I might say $6,000. They can eat $600. They can eat $600. They can't get a $600. They can't get a $600. Well, try it for us. How do you like that? They can take their $600 and... Exactly. There's a young man that's got his priority straight enough. Instead of some of you selfish Jackasses. Oh, I like the money. How if I was making a lecture was making a wooden chair? Guess what? For that check-ass that called before that he was referring to. You ain't going to be making a wooden arm making. If you're making $3,000, probably double what you're worth. $5,670, $5,650, $5,650, $8T, and $1,000, and so we're having another one of our usual intellectual conversations here. Two weeks from today, a big major election. Supreme Court justice is going to be appointed tree, maybe even for them, for life. We're going to decide the destiny of all kinds of people, millions of people in this country, including women. Women are sitting back there on their asses, I notice. And how that margin can be narrowing beats the hell out of me. And women are responsible for those polls. No, I don't think so. Don't forget, Miguel is out there waiting on you. We haven't upditted how much he's had done, not lately. Oh, I'll probably read it brought him some big list of mine's time. Probably busy if filming his post. Few in Vanillby there are one until water clock had packed me up right next to Windick's not Hillary Clinton Plantation without Western EOSV's cassettes key chains. Say it again, key chains. Packers be repaired for the fucking night. And t-shirts. And if he does not have those big goals yet for mine's time, please, somebody go in there and feed him he's a growing boy. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, hi. Yes, sir. Miguel, hello. I just want to see if I can challenge that maybe you and your audience come up with one thing that the Clinton and Gordon administration has done to help this economy. And you can say welfare reform or the budget deficit reduction because those are all Republican ideas. Those are all Republican ideas like the fact we got the deficit in the first place from Reagan and the trickle down. What do you talk about? That's not you. Miguel, that was all defense related to the deficit. Was all battling communism. So, it was a tax cut for the wealthy. That's what it was just like this guy trying to do all over again. I mean, let's again more leftist propaganda. Yeah, okay, leftist propaganda. That's really, that's where the 20 to dollars indebted it came from after 12 years of Reagan and Bush. Is leftist propaganda we just made it up as a figment of our imagination. You sure are one of the most ignorant people I've ever encountered in my life. And after listen to all these bulls those today, that's covered a lot of territory. No, the economy's in great shape just by accident. That's all. It's only by accident. They just fell into a bucket of crap. And you know something? If that is that war, the case which of course is not. But if that war, the case, if there are rubbed in so much crap, then why don't we We'll go out and get away from them. Especially if it's like going to the track and it gives you winner and every race. Why would you want to talk to anybody else even if he knows nothing. It's just luck. Maybe he's like Anna and a course method and what's your name? Whitney, maybe he's just lucky. Yeah, that's right. I'm just lucky as opposed to no green who was unlucky. Remember that? I'm just giving off the top. Oh, I just think you were unlucky. And that was even before we got into classes, we've done. 560, 1056, the only 18k and Verizon Wireless Line 500. 500 bucks over there. It's pretty weak. We've got to make a thousand. But there's not even worth the girls trip. They've worth the gas money. Here's what modernity, I'll hold. Fort modernity. Hello? Yes sir. Oh, okay. Now I think one of the big things in this election is the environment. And I think there are people who should be more aware of if you don't have a clean environment than it's not good. You mean like a Houston? In business. Well, that's one of the reasons why people need to start thinking. You know, do I want to be clean there? Do I want to clean water? Or do I want to be like Texas? And that pretty much says it all. Okay. I'm blessed you. I'll go home to treat you. He's absolutely correct. And like Gorses, you know, the one thing that he used to be knocked out is he's a tree hunter and too much for the environmentalist and not too much against the business. And now, natives come around and say, oh, well, if you think he's good for the environment, just take a look at me and my guide then green party. We bleed green. We're so green. We got grants for another of our hands. Yeah, Ralph, who the hell are you kidding? Here's a mobile and highly hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I want to respond to that call that was said about propaganda. Big business is all behind George Bush. I mean, you talk about fucking the propaganda machine. That's why we here on TV 247 about George Bush this and George Bush that. And quite frankly, I love this enough. I mean, we don't got to look too far to see what exactly the facts are. And that seems to be the big problem everybody is so thinking about just watching TV and understanding what the TV is pushing that they're just making judgments on that. No one's getting the facts. And I think, especially when it comes to selecting the judges, we have a great opportunity to avoid living in a fashion state. And if we elect George Bush, that's what it's easier than when we might be ending up with. Okay, me go. Amen. Well said. Oh. Here's a fact Todd Gittlin article that says it's the stupidity stupid. What does George W. Bush know and when does he know it? A not much and B not without long study periods and see even then not well. What they're trying to tell you is he's dumb. Can a lot of you relate to that? Oh, I see. See America likes dumb. Here's a mobile and peppered pine. Hello. Uncle Neil. Yes sir. We love you. I know. Not like in a homosexual kind of way. No I understand. I had a homosexual way. Uncle Neil, might be getting my least excuse and tickets and drinking milk out of a bag. And when you speak French, if a governor of W is elected president. Yeah. We might have to learn that if maybe national anthem and move up. Sounds good to me. Hey, three Supreme Court justice seats. Well, at least we know that the country will be run based on the principles of that. All inclusive non-heat mongering book they call the Bible. Right. Thank God. And we had a, it would be my request for a dictator. Absolutely. Hey, New York's watch a centaurial today last night. Yeah, I want to walk to one. The centurs today last night with Tim O'Rourke. Well, I turned on for two seconds that I saw Willie Logan sitting in there and as soon as I saw the Thatch floor to his honor. I said, get I'm not watching this. Hey, Willie, look at the pretty good job, Neil. But what is he what's the point? What is the point? Wasn't it up that he turned that turn coat and supported G. Bush? Who then came out with his anti affirmative action again, pissed all the black people off of the States? Why don't Willie Logan get the message? Everybody hates it like poison. Well, I think it's, I guess the option between, would you like to be shot, Hong or Stunlark and jail? Well, no, no, no, since he got my vote, brain-soozzy asked if we have no problem with Bill Nelson. I like his name. Have a great day. Yeah, that's right. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the 86. He and then all the facts come out for Willie Logan because he's the only one to show up at their thing. They had us a four, a thing, and he showed up in Nelson the condensure. So therefore they're endorsing him. He seems very reasonable on the fact right, and stuff like that. Talk about naive and get him led down the garden path and cutting off your nose despite your face. Didn't you see the column? Didn't you see that routine that dog and pony show he put on there? What all is other right? We can look at this during penis case. All the knowledge portraying himself as a modern even support. Hey, crimes legislation. We believe in that. Oh, now we don't believe it for one second. We know him for the fascist thing that he is. You sure show that. That's true. That turn around a lot, you know. Yeah, I do. Because there's a lot of run around on loose. A lot of weight, wing, ultra extremist Bible thumb. You know what we started here about those face-based charities? Which again, again, you see it's fear. And that's what I'll go into Democrats half the fear. And Bush was right about that. They have to fear their own spirit. So because they're afraid that we need to go after them and point out exactly who's behind them what he's all about. And that just may well cost in the goddamn direction. Face-based charities. Oh, that's right. We don't want all your tax money going to the social programs to support all those scumbags. You know which ones we're talking about, of course, right? Oh, yeah. No, those minorities. We want to throw up them, be handled by face-based charities. And we'll have those tuition, those vouchers, tuition tax credits, so that all the poor-ok-you-and-religious schools can sign for money of the public education system. Right. And this business about Bush's forbidden education, how was that possible when he didn't get one? Huh? How was that possible? I mean, maybe if he got a little bit of tutoring before he decided he wanted to be president, maybe when my respect is his finaticism about quality education. But when a Muslim tells him things he can ever say is, Eeeeh! I have to raise four eyebrows about that when he talks about education. 9 minutes after noon at 5.50 in a queueway. But meal-rushers show. Sports radio, 5.60. Two A. And a... It's starting to get away. Everyone in. See you in the... Oh, we're all in cash. That's in me. You're rich and same, man. He's a star. And he's still just a team. They don't want to come back in with me. He's a star. And they say he's a wineeeeh. He's a business, a cakeeeeh. And he really with a day in the real life. Nothing has gone wrong, so far it's a way. Why is he in this house? He had a big room. When we're young and he's just half the guy's done in pain. Okay. We feel a happy and cool, happy, They come out and he can't even look pretty the same. They go, he is by a team with a million. He is in a big room. And they say he's a wineeeeh. Why a cakeeeeh? He's a star. He's a wineeeeh. Oh, God, I tell you, he's a... He knows the truth. He knows that God is a... Why the end of the storm? He's a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star-a star, a star, a star, and a star, a star, Commander, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, a star, Dave had said, Nor Haguearpon, The Way Of temporal And you going to Aujourd's profile to your proud minds. You where the obstacles are and you now start going like tonight, please sing a rejoining hope for your circuit and having your desires to become a game. But you're certainly a hero in the world. Make a car all of a sudden. Hard now so. You ready to pay for this?360 and all 560, bib hard times, 50 pimped by 60 on 18 teams. A wise and one was wrong. You had no ready yet. He made it. men to compliment. The same journalists took seriously the Piddling charge their group attitude to Vietnam recklessly showed a slightly little interest in the governor's lives and abation about his record Vietnam, a brilliant metacist national guard as reported by Tom Merbs and the Southern Times of London and Joe Cartesian and New York of Silver but scared to scare them into any place else. On television, Bush's laws and logic in fact had more attention from Letterman and Letterman than the political public who practiced knowingness about knowledge. Mostly they declared the W to a path in the worst foreign policy, Quism of means for a shot to a line of debate because he was quick to rent your thumbs up with thumbs down to a list of military interventions. But for all the vigilance about body-riding region's stylistic ticks, reporters at a television punt it did not note any lapses of substance for example, the first intervention that W thumb step, 11 and 19 and a three, was an unnegaded disaster. These other get in the much unnecessary death from the American showing, commenting a tear-bonding the Twitter 31 American win the slip in their barracks. Television published did not lead to a number, Thomas Friedman and New York Times did. The Gulf War which W of course embraced became necessary when his father's ambassador, April Grasby, Signal of the meaning of Siddam, who saying that the US would not react badly if he must then decrylate. Some foreign policy success, huh? This guy remembered that the Green White, say everybody's forgotten about that. This guy's a swift time to remember if he lubricated by an oblivious press call for that matter, shot him, Bill Evans, Bill Wood Powell, and was responded for thousands of Iraqi and Iranian deaths during the 1980s, one of the administration's a great and you guessed the George Bush who re-wrote of the Iraq attack on Iran. W said, I hope our European friends become the peacekeepers in Bosnia and the Balkans. I hope they put the troops on the ground so that we can withdraw troops and focus on military unfriding in winning war. But for fact, there was already 85% of the troops in person of all European. So what a boy, and I could rely on, I got pages who paid you with those stuff that people have asked me every day, that's kind of boring for me to sit here reading with stuff. I can go on forever, but the fact is, he has nobody's talking about. He's uninformed. He's dull. He's not only not up to the job. He's pathetic. He's a vacuum head. But I sure hope you enjoy your 60 cents a day. I mean, big task cut. Here's a moment in baby, hello. Yeah, anyone said the phone of action is not admitted because we've reached the product plan that's confused, we're in this with pain. Okay, great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you, you mean, came in, baby? Here's your pop at a hello, hello, Neil. Yes, I wanted to think that I wanted to tell you that you can use with your cars, or for people who will say that if we call for the Republicans that we have a solid economy. But if that's true, then why doing the bus year? I mean, the father did that, did that not play a step out? We had more small problems and things go under. We were in a terrible economic situation. And to like, there was a bus, the Reagan bus, you said, you said, you said, you said, so that if that was true, then we should have seen some improvement when bus became present. But that was not the case. So that's the subject you can use. Now, what also compliment you for doing your part in creating the kind of devices that the Republicans in the forward keeping, uh, Spanish people against white, uh, black against Spanish and white, all the little things that you've said on the radio. Yeah, I'm done the one that creates the device of this right. Where you, where you promote it? Yeah, sure. Okay, but that's not that, that's that we're not again graduating on promoting the device of this. That's exactly. And, and yet now you want everybody to pull together, but when it was a time to pull together, you didn't promote it. Kind of pull together on what? On the issues of trying to elect the president, people that you see right now. No, no, no, no, what are you talking about? It was a time to put together on one of those. You should have all agreed on alienation. Tell me about what is not, not, not earlier, I had done the deal with the one I'm talking about. What I'm talking about promoting social isolation, people getting, you know, going to get these up. And I think you do it all the time. You know that you do it. Oh, yeah, you make, you make that. That's why I'm here. That's why I'm here to to want to go to a high-end vented. Well, you think your Republicans like that? So what have been you talking about? I wasn't on since so you talk. And go look at it. We're in team team trying to bring you. Yeah, I'm the one who invented all the tape that exists down here. That's right. Why wouldn't the pigs be other? 567.05.60. Pomp 560.18.K. and 2.5. And 1.5. It's neospore. Now we know otherwise everybody who would love each other. Here's Hi, Ali. Hello. Ali, Neo, how are you going? Okay. We're not here. We're going to be a warm by religion. Because religion is a hate group and a whole section. Listen, we tend to something else. Yeah, yeah, I know this. Bush, Bush, number one. The guy, the guy's an idiot. Yeah. Okay, we know Ben. Okay. The guy is a drunk. The guy you know Ben. But guy, the guy is on cocaine. Maybe. Probably. Maybe. Okay. Listen. What is point? What is point? The V is why? Why would anybody both of us? What is an idiot? Why would somebody who who who who who who knows? And listen to the guy think that by giving the rich who turned $1 in fact that the hell and that hell are we going to balance the budget? Are we going to do other stuff that we really need to do? We're not. We're not. We're not. All right. What are we going to do? The policy we need to go five. I don't know. It's time by time. I've actually imagined that to me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the palm, 5, 6, the only 18, P and Elijah, wireless line. Out of town is open of course. Because they're busy with that stock market share with them. It was close. And nobody else are in on God's little green planet would be calling the show from out of town. Especially with these calls. 877-785-6345. It's the dividers. It's only a rodgers that are a rider who puts one group against the other who is responsible for everybody hitting each other. Those are the dividers who know how to leave everybody else alone. Europe is individual. It's not as part of a group. Stop being a bunch of sheep and getting sucked into all this religious nonsense and be run down the garden path with rise. And the best this guy can do rubbish. I listen to every single bear with this short of the crowd before. You can hear some of the ants about congratulating me on being contributing to the divisiveness. Right. Here's a mobile in my engine. Hello. Everybody there. Okay. I don't have a black reference. I don't have a black reference. They have a black reference. You mentioned the biggest cancer in the black community when you said and holy folks. Yeah. That guy is a black and not at all. Of time? I should talk about an awful time. He's the one. Yes. He's a solid project. If everybody would remember back toThen the democratic party Black faceline. Like I claimed okay. He tried toick up and enter tinduckna. It's like a school child and remark whenCut. or John explicitly said we had with them. I mean that has a theory saying of that, were young deaf whilst the), the raveners were it's difficult to get that you all of course help. Yeah. But not here. See what's going on there. Don't say it. There's also a little bit of a scratcher in a bit of a gentle, you know. That is true. But not a little buddy. He's better around. You're going to tender. He's going to tender to whatever. You know, whenever he thinks we do him into an office. And if we remember just about a month and a half of that, the scandal came out of our hockey was that failures were to the community where he has officers in open locker. I mean, what's there? There's a true transfer. I mean, he's the problem who's not interested. And nobody with a brain is going to vote for Lily Logan. Well, I don't want to. Even though it's bad that he was a parent we are being led by showing up in sucking up the housing, they're good people aren't going to vote for Lily Logan. Most of the non-pets are stupid. You know, the fun thing is that you immediately after, you know, Bush was nominated, nominated governor, and then governor. You know, we were trying to round, show up at the one for the meetings. When all of the community was going up and arms, about that particular proposal. So if he didn't know this position, then why did he answer? Why did he answer? No. You know, it should be shame. You know, I've listened to you a show. I love your show. I think what you do is absolutely great, because you give people a form to really cover about the issues, that is actually not the issue. I'm going to vote for Lily. I'm going to vote for Lily. I can do it a thousand times. I want to. I want to be true to all your whole Jewish friends. Oh, so, you know, hopefully we'll argue that out and vote. I think you've talked to my intro when you're a couple of minutes. Well, you know, a couple of things you know, there's a lot of things I like about these things. Have you ever been to? No. I've been to these times. Very beautiful. It's like who are they? I've never been to. You know, I don't have anyone that's been to them. Except for your people. I'm probably those people on there. There are those migrants who show on their focus groups on TV. Yeah, that's it. We're the right way. We find them on your page. Okay, good idea. I have a great idea. You too, hang in there. Can you ever been to it? Or do I get personal? There are my double-ed mushrooms. Got a great idea for good poetry. Because this toy I don't like either. I don't like it. What are you smoking about? I don't like this toy. It makes pointless because you have 53 votes or 63 whatever it is. It's reloading again. Come on. Let's go. I'll write it with a skyd then internet. It's slowly spoken. My last six. 68 votes. 7 team watch most often in B.C. Now, say it's total pressure for me. I can't handle that. Because there's a guy with a speech defect. There's a news that nobody see. Now, let's say it's that he's got a bad car going. Can't say Tom over off. He can't speak. And 17, certainly in CNN 11 winner never watched the news. 9 watch Fox. Do I believe that? No, nobody except right wing fascist watch Fox for news. They're relating. You could put them in a symbol. CBS 207, PBS 5, ABC 4, Amazon, DC 2. Hit that pull off of there. Here's a great idea for the good poet. Who's the lowest killer and radio personality. Did you think I had to do that? Yeah. I got a shot of that. Let's see. We'll have a deep phone. Joe Rose. Joe, they almost didn't know what Joe did. Looks like. Me, of course. George, who's here? I don't know what you look like here. Pictures are a little website. Me, George. Hank. Hank, a good of other too. The name is Paul Kamper, Eddie K. Rubes Shambi. There's a chance. I mean, who's lost a lot of weight? 26 after noon at five, 60, WC, and I like Nick that. I'm so happy to be here. I want to be here. I want to be here. Joe, no one needs you today. I'm so happy to be here. I don't know. It's a little bit of a little bit more than today. I don't know. It's pretty sad. We knew that we are. Maybe two, three, five, four, four, four, four. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. We have no one here. We have no one here. We have a need. We have a need. We have a need. Two. Two. Two. Four. Two. How pretty is five, 60, WC, REM, Michael Kinsley, in the Washington Post-WIX, George W. Aboushian, standing at the stupidity, is he was the nothing short of brilliant? A nothing, Washington Post-President, so the bait might have concluded that this man would be well-advised. Not to put quite so much emphasis on mental testing. But with those commentators, most of these shy away from such a conclusion. It seems to be a little candidate can recite half of it as a policy position by work and names and four and names and leaders. One shouldn't point out that he sure seems a few, well-aided, short of an executive order. The problem is probably the lazy, the circumpulsancy, rather than the actual inability, and the generous reluctance to cost them and who may well be our next Canadian team for more on is understandable. But if George W. Aboushian is a man of impressive intellectual dishonesty in your confusion, his utterance is quickly make no sense in your own terms. His policy recommendations offer our internally inconsistent and mutually contradictory, because it's hard to explain and prove intellectual dishonesty doesn't get the attention that petty fibbing does, even though intellectual dishonesty invites both a candidate's character and his policy positions, though. Our politicians, including our goal, get a little more of it than they should, but George W. Aboushian gets a little bit of an extraordinary amount of it. On social security, continues to say, who get the trillion dollars needed for his partial privatization out of the surplus. Doesn't he understand that the currency of buses committed to future benefits, which will have to be cut to make the numbers work, or does he understand and not care? We can produce the poverty 2% return on social security within the lead 6% return on private investment, as he only is leaving out that $1 trillion in one case and including it in the other, or is this fact fair of a penetrate despite repeated exposures? When he calls the estate tax unfair, especially the farmers and small business people, because the taxes people twice meaning first when they earned the money and again when they die, is he aware that the value of farms and businesses in the States is almost never been taxed in town, or have his advisors and fellow business folks be sued and under the basic point. When he criticized these opponents for cutting taxes to use the tax credits, then using an example of his own tax time in which the cut is mostly true tax credit, if he's referring us or 70% in him. When he repeatedly attaches the opponent for partisanship, as he gets a joke, when he brings the atoms of federal push-ins rights law on a lot of big, really washing in the sea, as he noticed that the big link can see the design party, which controls Congress, blocking legislation. When he summarized that's kind of like a political issue with the post of a people issue, if he means he just anything in particular, perhaps that politicians run acting politically and were the wishes of the people. How does he figure it at all? When he repeatedly says he's got a clear vision about the Middle East, but never gives a hundred what it is. He should be assumed that he's not one for not pretending as a product. When he complains that there's no general strategy from America's role in the world, and promises that he'll ask a secretary of defense to come up with one motto, should we be reassured? When he criticized the Clinton administration for misusing American soldiers or social workers, and promises to get out of the country to use their soldiers that we've said, if he was to lodge a floor here, in the debate he declared, I don't want to use food as a diplomatic weapon from this point forward. We shouldn't be using food. It hurts the farmers that's not providing the food. We've just completed his later criticized legislation, leading in looking in the trade embargo on Cuba, which covers food along with everything else, had he be thought as philosophy on the issue or is there nothing to rethink? When he promises if he's elected, we'll have a gag order on doctors, and a hundred percent of people will get the debt tax. It's easy enough to figure out what he means, we won't have a gag order, as another European state tax. But what does he mean when he says that insurance is a washing term? When he promises that prescription drugs in the political's Medicare, is he comprehend that the exact description between his planet and his opponents, and that his is not an area part of Medicare? What he says is that local control of schools is vital. Criticize his opponents for wanting to federalize education. Promises as present to impose various requirements on schools, complying that federal money comes with too many strings. Cost-reacted school funds to be used for collective education. And those are the federal law for bidding state lawsuits against teachers, and so on, because he have a patch through this major contradictions. When he promises a federal school voucher program, he will be exempted by saying vouchers are up to state if he being bent or badly clever. The judge's W. Bush means what he says is he understand it. The answer can't be both, and is both too much to ask for. Michael Kinzel in the Washington Post. I call him, I'm hearing about that. Huh? So, we're about to, okay. You got it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, 5, 50, on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Loan are new parodly up in the military, and it should be a little bit of fun. Because this other stuff is not fun. You're fun, all it's like running the guy named T.T. and you're sleeping right, so we can have to record a number in your mouth. Here's a moment in my end, you have. Yeah? Yes sir. You know what's up with Eric? I'll go with you. Who picked you if I said it is for him? What did you use? I mean, that's a little screw up ever. Yeah. And they're women. Now, if any woman, for Bush, she must have got their head in their bush, so I don't get it. Must be. Okay, very, very profound pal. Thank you. Thank you for putting it all on the proper perspective. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, 60, on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Loan. Here's my amy. Hello. No. Yes sir. I think I got great trouble. Yes sir. I think we're going to come down to the basic issue of action, and you know, the people that you've just tried to be taxidest. The bottom one, or the one, or the one, or the one, bigger government, or taxes, or the other. Bush, one. You found that? Sounds to me, like you just repeating the same problem. I'm not going to be hiding in the very chair. Well, what about the price? Uh huh. Okay. We think about the 50 million that goes in a lead out. That's what I'm going to tell you. Yeah. Now, all you're doing is repeating for a building. I always said that he said in the debate. I think it made me feel a brain of you. So if you could think for yourself, then I may have a conversation with you. Then you can't think for yourself. All you're doing is about it. Much is enthusiastic that he keeps quoting in the debate, which was pointed out a totally incorrect. But hey, don't confuse you with the facts. And I hate to also break in with you, so for some of you selfish fools out there, we're a one, you're 60 cent today, but by a half a by a cellar. I hate to make the news. But every single fool ever paid, including we're all we took here before, taxing is not number one. You're sure it's not even a top five. That other top ten. So what's that we're talking about? Tax cuts. And so for many of this, I guess in 20 years, they're supposed to forget same or crap all over again. The big wagon tax cuts for the rich, and a huge deficit and a recession, and the trickle down that never squirted, or a trickle down where it was trickle down, everybody else is wearing it, where it was trickle down, because we were in recession. And then of course there was the lead night or let's know no taxes that way from a guy named Bush. So remember, you kidding man? Lame, really lame. Here's a modern form of order they'll have. Yeah, I know. So this is an employer I'm pretty impressed with your show. I'm 22 of a public and an actual sort of stock type I've been looking at a couple of times. Twenty-two years of Republican attention is like an action more underneath. And I will wear and find you between but we're out there hiding from people. Mm-hmm. The good reason I like to is that you've had as I definitely think of voting, as taking the watchers to evil, as I decide. And I think the second thing I like to do is that when you just made a second about the issues that, you know, specifically the tax issue, it is not the main thing. And also that, I don't think you need the issues or the underlying thing for the outcome of the selection. But what I really feel is that the Republicans are just more energized than the Democrats in this one. And it's definitely a goal that I really think that a lot of what might do here and then is not why I'm about things not to characterize their issues, not where he stands on things. But I think the Republicans see the defeat of our goal as the finals of the sheet of possibly so funny. And I think when Clinton got away with everything that was all that came to mind about, that he got away with, I think that a lot of Republican basically is facing the defeat of goal and the final defeat. And then I think they need a bit of a Republican see it, but in terms of that, a 65% Jonathan relating. That's true. The Republicans, when you see Bill McCollum pick a posting from Bill Nelson, which he will in two weeks, part of the reason the big part of the Luzen-The-B. And you also see the Gallatin California, and some of these other congressmen pick a ripping because of the lower-in payments gate. The American public is still forming at the mouth about the 50 or 60 million dollars that was raised in the rich ones that proved that truly nothing. Except the president got a few bull jobs. And I grew to see a job, I think everyone were overboard on that seal, but I just think that it comes down to which face is more energized. I don't think the Democrats have very much to be excited about on behalf of God and actually Bush is very excited to be proud of himself, but I think that's the approach and get a fair that the thought of that. Well, there's no question about that. In fact, all the TV ratings after the, after the B.T.W.R., followed by the Republicans want to debate the Democrats, follow more. The Democrats are busy laying back sleeping and doing whatever the holiday, the random of the the rapidly public interest, especially the lightwears, are chopping at the bitches like when they had Reagan because obviously they're changed to that control again and push their agenda. Yeah, I think they're going to blow it, and they're going to go for it, and then they're going to start on later, and it doesn't look good for your guy. Okay, good luck to us. All righty. Okay. See you on the boat. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AP and P and Verizon wireless line. How anybody would be going to have a branch with one that would particle a gray radical waste of old on neither right now. I think the candles are going to be pretty good for you, Bush people. Don't you? Patrick can't. I mean, just be underdog. You're going to be a candidate crack 1% or a fastest pet. Huh? And at least at least one thing, you doesn't get around the brush on sir. How many four one and five, 60, WKOA in? The Neil Roger show, Sports Radio, 5, 60, and a few. Hey, America loves to watch verbs and butts and boinking. And now the first question, has to turn about triple Bitcoin and go to vice president's world. Vice president, go or you have questioned whether a governor Bush as the experience to be president of the United States. What exactly do you mean? Do what if you do? Boom boom boom boom boom. Do what if you do? Boom boom boom boom. Kind of it, one another, the better. Is it fair to say, OK, the differences between vice president, board and George W. Bush, Governor Bush or the fall, you are for doing something on the construction end, you're for doing something on the production end. Very clear, but for both, it's a good idea to get to get to the president's world. It's a good idea to get to the president's world. If elected president, would you try to overturn the FDA's approval last week of your version of your RU 46? So this is the position of Friday was the country's next meeting packlaws with Education in federal wonnellow tDasly We've got a little I will go to the Supreme Court question and I'm in that picture and you're staying in a position on our employee's sex. If you're elected president, you're not your appointees to the FDA. You're going to support our decisions or the turners. You're also not thanking Governor Bush, I suppose I didn't go. See you next week and for now from Baltimore to Denver, thank you. I think you've discussed right away questions that even third grade students will be in first by an escrowing gym, but that could be the S. Cos nobody's watching. Does that mean no pause will not be at it. It's working on me. It's trying to figure out how to spell on. It's going to be a total of five sixty-five percent. Fifteen to one, five sixty-five percent. Don't call out to the pack mail. Don't call out to the because the media has gone because it's pouring rain catching dogs. We have two hundred and forty bucks. One and a lot better except to see in the world out there. The ministry has a big of a bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger bigger. They got something. That's not bad. Five sixty-seven. Five sixty-five five sixty on the AP and three and four lines and one and one and one. The MSG has a lot of those people. He's not going to be telling walks outside of the building. He can get in fact just in the building. He could get something. Cos he'd have wanted. Here's Kendall. Kendall. Thank you. But it's now look at that. Attention. You village. I've thought I thought he's looking at that. Believe in the literature of the British here in the song. Five sixty-seven. Five sixty-five sixty-five sixty on the AP and three and four lines and one and one. One thing up and online too, that's just not that I really care. Who's on two? Hello. Yes sir. Bush says he's pro-life except when it comes to death row inmate. New self. Yeah. Last Friday Larry Flynn appeared on CNN. Yeah, no one. And I would part of the transcript. Well, he reported that Bush paid for and impregnated a woman. Take her to abortion. Yeah. Wow, it was illegal. And it was before Roe versus Wade. And the guy who faxed me the part of the transcript was discovered next to him. And it's made that it was black or if we disappeared from the CNN website. No, doesn't it? That you do. Okay, that's what that's what W.S. said to his smells your bad. You shouldn't put his nerves in there. Five sixty-seven. Five sixty-seven. And I'm just curious. I, because on these Bush people, I'm thinking which means their money. Whose character is not an issue? Clinton's character. That was an issue. And grow, who other than the fact is, they're compulsively exaggerated. But I would not, he's so glad they're squeaky clean. It makes it even more boring. Not the mentioned is freaking right. Kippert. Oh, God. I tell you, she looks like squeaky farmers. You want to look better here today? Here's my email. Neil, I'll call you. I don't know. Okay. I'll call you. I'll call you. I'll call you. I'll call you. Yeah. I said they'll want to have their own person in office. They said that they're going to have somebody in Bush's offices. What they said. I'm so excited. The thing is, it's Bush because President, I think I'm going to walk my gun back. Yeah. You mean, we need them. Thank you. I don't go on. I think they all minority groups surely to be a stock and out heavy booty. So, while you're gun dealers, I'm 441. You're ready for a land office business kitchen case. Five sixty-seven. Five sixty. Kippert. I'm really valuable prime. This is not a stupid man. He went away. He was just keeping those numbers up. We're keeping them over and over and over and over. You know, you've got a bunch of cars there. That's okay. You can never give those numbers out too often. Can't get out. No way. How about that game? We're going to talk about that. No way. Here's another one. David. Hello. Hey, Neil. Hi, David. All right. Just a couple things. First of all, that's Michael Kinsley articles. You read? Yes. Was that from today's paper? There was some days' Washington Post. Sunday. Okay. Thank you very much. Second thing. Last night, I found it's not commercial. I've done a credit commercial with Gore. Finally, saying something about the Supreme Court, Justice of the Pointless. Mm-hmm. And that's been a long time coming. You know, something I'm noticing in their spots, and maybe this was intentional. They're sitting a lot of this heavy booty stuff at the Korean, so they don't have the greatest impact. And that might be part of it. Wow. That's a good point. You know, what that is, the great. That is the single most of the movement. Absolutely. All the other stuff, most of the discredited political rhetoric in that, you know. Playing with the numbers and who's going to get the biggest tax cut and who's going to get most of it and social security. And part of his is, you know, that all the time. But the one thing that's indisputable is that whoever becomes the next president is going to have three four appointments and least for the Supreme Court. And that effect is going to last for decades. Absolutely. I just brought up in a religious household. And I finally got the world out from over my eye. Thank you. Thank you. And there's no way, there's no way that anybody should vote Republican for this. This is just absolute control is what they're looking for. And I'm going to tell you something. His painting is in his bush and then because the Congress is so damn close. Both a house and a Senate. If you want to be a bush and the Republican Congress, then it's really going to be kind of hit for the approach. Clutching that passport type. I absolutely already have mine. And I'm getting ready to go. That's a one last thing I wanted to make a comment about. A few minutes ago, he said something about read my lips about non-contracted. Yeah. In some days, some said my comic section. The comic strip called non-secretor. Uh, brought up the fact that there's a guy in the, and the strip called obvious man. And he brought up the fact that the president has no control over that. Because the Congress thing. Well, that's the point is that there's a lot of the president says about practice. It's got a past conference. Absolutely. Okay. What's up, Paul? He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. He's not. There we go. Hey, how are my names? Thanks. You dreamt of a president. How many points are pretty far? And you know, there's not some people that they didn't think this out. I told you a little may I want to. When I was in college. And it wasn't as a better pinger. They're leaving. They mean, she got a sign. You have an order, maybe. Then they don't think I'm fit to be under Supreme Court. Yeah, I got the money. Let's do this. We can get out of here. I want to fit your state. Then I have to have you in the law. I know just for you to go. Yeah, yeah. I mean, don't get it right. And I don't get to that. We're not talking to the West. We cannot talk to the West. We cannot talk to the West. And I don't get why that. Look up. Yeah, the deal. I know. Yeah. I'll be talking. There's a very one. Yeah. Profit the one at five, 60 WQMI. I understand that issue is a little bit too complex for most people. I've had to understand the Supreme Court and the other federal judges. And the people's. And then the question had Gary Bawler under this one. You see him? Roo. He was a scary little thing. Gary Bawler is on the morning shows. While I was channeled. Maybe was on CNN. And he was taught. On a huge on again, Jesse. See, as much as I sometimes, I get problems with Jesse Jackson. My feelings about him because the times when I despise him. Like, closing. And then there are times when he's not being a professional spook and agitated. There are times when I love him. Because he's one of the most articulate spokesman for liberal causes. And again, the right wing for Netflix when he's religious and what's he will be an a minister himself and make it a lot of money off of him. Inspector Scoutsy. The middle of the earth. He was great. Again, Gary Bawler. Gary Bawler. Well, it's a great project. The voice got to have a right to a discriminating against those facts. And when this, but abortion is murder, we know that. And I'm not about an unenamel that will really be a right wing claim. Gary Bawler. No relation to Papa Bawler. All right. I'll tell you one thing. I'd write in Hankbawler before I think about Gary Bawler. That's where you are. You can't separate them. And your mother said, see, you know what the real proof in the pudding is? The religious notes have got a choice. If they didn't believe that Bush was in bed with them and it's been a student enough, you can't really be doing more than like 7, 10, 10, 1, 20. You can be up there just with later with 4, 5, 20, 20 and 1. Then you can run the math. But he's not. So that goes to surely that Bush is assured of his right wing claims that he's right with them. With his faith face, the charity and all those other book that and the school of vouchers. And all of the other good, there'll be the things that he's talking about. I mean, these people are so red, I'd like to say, and I'll give it to that young guy who's sitting with the 22 year old Republican. He's right. They're hanging motivated. And the rest of the public, you should not go in there. Yeah, like that. Like, you know, a wide bother and can't be talked about the dolphin game stuff like that. Highly and hello. Well, how much money are you getting paid for? You're getting on the road. Yeah, but the other, the other, the other, the other, the other, the other, the other, the other, the other. What am I? Yeah. Want to hear people? Want to hear a fiction higher or higher? Want to give it a brain and take for yourself, okay? Your people came here looking for freedom. All you know is fat fashes and that's all, you know, but two things about these fascism. Why don't you call off loud ass or in-laws? See how much money he's getting paid to start his right wing class. You remember he had to pay me to give my opinion. They're paying me to come in and do a show how you're whatever opinions I want. And my, what a first opinion for most is you're an asshole, okay? That's my never-what opinion today. You're a major big, or anything smelly asshole. That's my opinion of you. That's why so many people run out of high earlier because of people like you. Same old tired crap. A paid in just like a goddamn parent in the trade. All the brain rush garbage just like we heard during those months of the A.A. On the same nonsense. Or we went over and over and over again. Mindless you're right, a brick garbage. Give me the program stopping hyphenated and stopping a hyphenated human being. Stop being a goddamn AmeriCorps, okay? And pay attention about it to me to all about it. Come on, even, come on. Let me start coming to all it. Like the story. 560560, palm 560 on the 18th to you. You have a deal will come when we'll be faced with a face for that creep. Oh yeah, for the other guy. The deal will come and other teams will also, and all the teams man will deal the whole day. They exactly. Someone who obviously has got a very, very serious, deep-suited mental problem. I think you said that the bag was out of time. He called by the way. For one, he said that he'll be back tomorrow and assuming the dose for whatever that thing comes in here has our other numbers we want. More as he loves this thing we work. What do you mean he loves this? Are you really that much of our men? Jesus Christ, don't you have any selfish respect? You just got to know the world. Yeah, yeah, just got to know the number one and the summer and then the whole hour. The answer is going to be, I didn't show you. It's going to be a different way to judge and the summer of the two we see going on. Yeah, that's why eating asses will produce over the top of each of the show anyway. And you're stuck it up to a guy that came in there and tried to interfere with your freaking show. And I believe you've been sick and show. He's kind of cool, he's. He's kind of crazy. He must really love me to learn it. Yeah. More trivial five to five. You can play M by having a four-later nail, a measly broadcast group station. W-2-A-M.com. Oh, boy, it's the one to two hour. The men present their groups through the hands and in the entertainment. I'm really outboarded and I are committed to making America's public school as crumbling classrooms. I have tried the very hard and micro-ed to act in a world of blins down the institutions of government and each of us individuals. For a while, I was drilling a red cadassau and the deeper I got, that's why it was up to me to thank you sir. This is a good man, a non-abandoned man, a man of high taxes. You have an abortion and I have one over for him, the social security system. So that's, you see, he's in the suffer this one and another first-rate president. So I could do it, J.D. Senator Lee Dunham. Thank you. Thank you, Bernie. I want to talk at five, 50 W-2-MH. I've been wanted to all of our got-hank at regular today. Pledge of Nose Gacha. All of our downing of the arm of Hank at four. The mark Thomas has five in the wake of last night's disaster. And the 60-per-year Bunchami eight o'clock, the Rootsie-Wish game of the three, as Niki's will partner match again. Same old stuff. Getting pretty pondered. Our prayers up, who's the ugliest W-2-M-Personality Techie-Dug and Weston for a great idea. How many votes we got so far? One more, please. Eight-ing votes. Hank's leading with seven. George has got three. George isn't a good judge, but they just don't like it. He wouldn't ask you who to dislike the most. George is definitely doing the running for that. First of all, the Jews. Hank's got seven. George is got three. And guess who else has got three? We're tied with James at Gaki. How do you like that? The three. Little dog has got two men at one. Josh Friedman. I got one. And nobody else has got any. How come we put Josh Friedman on there? Nobody else has seen how you did that. I didn't do that. I was joking about that. I don't know what he looked like. I thought you were. How did they know who how he looked like? I mean, you could look at him on there. But it's, I mean, if they knew who you looked like, it's in our brain. You know, he looked like you were a Gaki. He looked like Brad Pitt. Huh? Am I right? I'm trying to think of our proxolution. I mean, if you're going to put him on, we could put the beast on there. But we don't want him to do that because we'd like the beast. I don't want to do that. We're not trying to put a lot of this. This is the place where we have like a lot of real fine-looking people in this building. In Paul 96 and 2 AM, anywhere in this building. They're not what you call a lot of really do. Have looking people in this building. It's just the one I tell you. Oh, no, it was for especially when the Jell was out. Here's a mobile and haven't you heard? Hey, now. Yes, sir. Jim here. Are you done? I'm done for the first time. Yes, sir. Good thing. Why would I go after Bush Shepard has been taken that he threatened that woman and he paid for abortion. Why didn't you look into that? No, no. I'm looking into it. Well, I guess Larry has once looked into it. He's a guy who was deep in the wind and maybe it'll come out. So, we'll speak. Yeah. And then that I think I can believe the people of warning for this. He can't push that the forgot that the problem can be responsible to show in the government down a couple years ago. And they were just getting Clinton in trouble and all that. Getting Clinton, Charlie. Well, Monica, we'll see you in all that. We'll go to Republican. I can't be people going to vote for this idea. He's the Hanamist here. I'm puzzled. At this point, if you ask me, go as we can see as you ought to be 20 points ahead. Beats there. Really? I don't know me. I tell you. I think if the plan maybe we'll all be surprised, maybe grow when that's 20 points. If that's the death bring become the president of this country. You know, got the best in America. Okay. Good luck to watch here. What do you say? 5 6 7 0 5 6 through POM 5 6 through POM 5 6 through on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I'm going to show far. I'm catching up. But the battery is shaping up between. Hey stupid. And Joe's a guy. Look at that. And Chris, they're pretty good buddies. Can a face here far. I mean, there was five. I'm looking up a lot of journeys. Got four. Little dog has got two. Booting with two. And then down. Listen. Which I shouldn't have worked out. If we could tell me you should picture real quick. I mean, think of a bit the biggest power of elephant dropping. You've ever seen you arrive with a beard. With a beard. Yeah, that's good. That smell even ten times more than you expect. Will I change it on the edges. Oh. Yeah, that's Josh. Freeman. Here's the one. So that's your home. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. I just thought so a bit. And I was on to say, I've been. Well, the cats that that line go off on it both the unit cells. You're going to get out when they're w w. You. Ha ha. Me and my pals and who are those. Wow. All these brilliant people that I've listened to the list of 15 minutes. You really have a brilliant articulate following. And you know, there's a thing. Yeah. Wow. I mean, I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. Can you listen to me? But the conversation is just make a lot of noise. I'm sorry. I didn't hear any of the other, not so intellectual people talk about the other side of all going to get on a boat and leave when when go get to an area of emceign. No, because somebody else is saying you're in crying. Yeah, yeah, yeah, blow it out to you. It's okay, my great intellectual friend. See, obviously, Bishop used to be intellectual. That's slabs over here. We just can't, we can't relate to it. We're not up here at level. Who are you kidding, Dumbo? Yeah, I can't wait to see you in your buddies. I wonder what that's called for, huh? Yeah. Another one is right wing nuts. I just heard a film that he's not going to win. I just thought I'm going to have a film and Bush is going to write a film now. I do. People are going to wake up and see what's all about who the people are who's in bed with. I can't show that. Five, six, seven. I mean, who's you got to be in bed with? Monica Leronsky or Jerry Bauer? Perhaps Jerry is, but here's time for time. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Is this new? Sounds like name. Neil, I wanted to make two great good points on the statements that Bush makes. Yeah. And is right wing, now is it going to be on that film? You don't have to push your film like this. Why is Christchurch? No, no, no, no, no, no. Let me, you know, all these right wing religious people, they all talk about the abortion and the murder of the fetus and everything else like that. But they never talk about the NRA, we think are there in hip-packet, we keep on killing people. Let's say anything about it. What is this supposed to be? What do you say about abortion? And then they don't want to bring their own excuse, you don't understand. They don't hear about people who are alive, all they care about is the unborn fetus. They don't confuse them with the facts, all of their fetus are the dead. They're upset. You're not a murderer. They don't confuse them with the facts. Because I think I wanted to tell you that, you know, many times, Bush has said, for the death, for the death, I wish go to the flight. Maybe not as ready for the to you, because you don't understand it. Right, that would be good. And what are you in for the accurate? But unfortunately, you know, they're the pain, you, I just like little bit of pain, really a marshmallow toss and they go on a run. I think right now that they've been back to the McCormon, I noticed you missed that little bit more of a desperate. That's all made. People of the good work. Okay, I'll see you in the boat. That's what Noah said in that article. Noah's Ark. Anybody ever shop at Noah's Ark and Rochester? Oh, yeah. Cutler store. That's you mean those Ark that I've already listed was the hardware store? Oh, no, but God's worth no one to get too of every creature. Yeah, but I didn't have to get Josh Freeman on there. Couldn't you have looked about him for a while? I close the show. I totally got with your guys, and how's that pill coming? Yeah, I hate having to keep flipping it up. God, I hate this. We have a long list. Who the only quality cool and personality hank 17, Joseph Lackey 14, K 15 O Austin 5, Josh 6 & 5, even a 7 year Game, three. Honestly, this should be often done. Kind of like, do the job. George is got four, Johe 3, everything's got two. Shobby was repair, cappan was one. And none for D4 jego, CR Stom olar Kind about camp. Cyr their face. They don't make his own conzerics, but they're Nazi ecology for a whole family and like. Cause you saw , they shall if you did, he would find out who a guy got their broken from and go to the house that personally benefits crap item. he's the guy who can do it for me about eight put ten five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines out of pound liners wide open eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three thirty five we'd get more caution to West Coast is here's a moment in my get home all right it's a richer hell of a year yes you're arrived in the all you 0 I'm not going to lie to anybody at the post office in public isn't in this state. The children of backgrounds are man and man and man where money came from and the oil money did you grow up with? Okay thanks a to us. Thank you. Okay. 567.056.056. On the 1810 Verizon Wireless Learning, able to set the money QAM. Get the best of real Rogers 2000. Just go to his back's music store near New York on QAM.com. The best of new 2000 with great depth life. So power jokes, you gotta know those. That's not an impressive way, Ash. And who could forget the real Rogers QAM with great sound effects? It puts the lotion in the basket. I see a magic fucking way. They're trying to look classic. But that's the new Rogers 2000. 1480 pi 60. You ready, man? You could have been just f***ing taken enough of those four pharma kids from South Park. Welcome to Central Changes Attitudes and Latitudes with four wide guys from Alabama. Join the last on the All-New animated series, Keep South Park. You smell a partial mean, you smell it. I bet you're dead. It's the Osteestart, every night. So what's your call at Rooper? It's Deep South Park, without a dirty language and ethnic slurs to ensure instant success. I'll tell you a little bit about the f***ing sh**. It's a f***ing sh**. That's the f***ing sh**. It's a f***ing sh**. And here we are at the f***ing sh**. It's Deep South Park. Just like South Park, you step with outrageous Southern accent. Oh my god, thank you for being on the New Indian side. Oh, let's go, Hunch from Roast Hill. Deep South Park, coming soon to Comedy Central. 114-15-5-30-25-30-30-30-30-30-70-70 votes on the most important public taking the long time. Who's the ugliest 2-A-in-personality? Leading with 29-40-80. Hey, stupid. Thank you for 29-06-18. I got six. Josh Friedman's got six. They haven't even seen him yet. Sure, well, face him, he probably had 400 by now. Two-a-waves were five. George has got four. That dog. Yeah! I have three. And he came with three. But with two. Yurie with one. None for bulk campers. None for a costel or a none for beef. Oh, you're 17-in-lavely. Wow. Talk about punching him. It's serious, that hit the surface. Because he's who the game is on the Pinnon right away. But he just may retain his energy. He's going to be down there at track side. It's some track like Bammore or somewhere. Picking over losing tickets, looking for somebody dropped it. There are two or maybe to show ticket on the ground. And that's going to be him. You know, with a beer in his hand swash and all of his t-shirt and a big puppet hanging out. Yeah. That's beef, oh. Here's a model in Miami, huh? Hello? Yes, sir. I know. I keep hearing these Republicans say they're trying to make gravy. That they balance the budget. Those are democratic Congress that balance the budget in 93. And that's why we lost control or majority over there. Mm-hmm. But you know, don't confuse them with a fact. Yeah, don't confuse them. I'm trying to make your jobs and about to roll on employment for worse minority and the poor. All of these things, and then it's all happened just by accident. And the fact that the Clinton Court administration wasn't able to hear the lot of things done on a health care and about the patient's bill of life is because of that Republican Congress. The most important thing to be the most partisan Congress since 94 when the trip controls the most partisan Congress in a history of this country. 5, 6, 7, 5, 60, 5, and in fact we're back at the guy named impeachment hearing. If a wasn't for the fact that there's just a small tiny handful of Republicans couldn't stomach the rich out there was going on, we'd have impeachment conviction for blow jobs. You're lying about blow jobs. Wow. And the rest of the world's laughing at us, laughing and crying. And how embarrassing this country is in juvenile. Because that's what I win for. It's always that game of Gacha. Gacha, Gacha will be a pants down. Gacha, still the problem is that like five minutes later somebody goes to the Mexican. Gacha is not what they said. Gacha and behind. Gacha damn Burton and maybe a few days, Gacha's never going to be a good. Oh yeah, look at you know something I seriously, I will be. I will be streaming. Go score. I like score. Or I will score. If that should happen. That's on TV. When Vory Shah comes out of the state patient says, Burton, we just got to the news. Yeah. We're spreading news. Maybe in Pembert time. So. Hello. Yes, man. Neil, you are great. Yes, sir. You are great. You are great to date. You win, man. Yeah. When I'm on. I think I have to button. You know what's gives me? Yes. I watched the epic debates. And we got a big, ugly schvater in the middle of Macaron and Nelson. Are you sure there will be a kind of a referee or the best for the whole party? Well, let me tell you this guy is almost sure he's going to win. He's sure he's going to win. He's going to be the one who's going to win. Are you talking away the both from the Nelson and giving it to Macaron? That's a great guy. You remember Joey Brown in the movie? Never. I was just a little bit scared. But never, what's it Macaron? He's a little bit scared. I was just a little bit scared. Joey Brown and how do you do that? Yeah. How do you do that? You look so good. Yeah. That's not the end. Now we have no. We're taking the right of this. Yeah, right. That means you have to go five times instead of four. A question. Of course you can. I want to. Well, when we're having, we're going to end. I'm telling you. I'm going to end. But it's not really good. I can't talk over it. And I'm not going to continue doing it. Because you refuse to take a breath. Take a breath and come up the way as we die. I'm telling you, this this phone system how we survived three years plus now in this horse ball operation. They came here. We, there is no. This isn't set up like a rare talk show here. So there's no, you can hear. There's no compression on this thing. So we've wanted to go one half of the time. And a lot of times you see, you're thinking that they're being rude. They just can't hear it. But don't start talking about engineering. Maybe because then Bob will be through the arms. Said, Mr. Bon off, I'm not a binge again. You know, I'm kind of embarrassed because we got, we got that other guy that looks like Bob will move on. He's with Mr. Steve. You know what I'm talking about? You talk about the advantage that looks just like Bob will move. The engineering guy that they heard. Hey, Jim, they look at it. Right? Bob will move. How they, they're being laid and gone. They're probably sides to be a, they're looking like clones. And what, at times we've seen you get a guy that I like purposely avoid even looking at a much more speaking, because if I go on and bounce, Jim, you get a ten feet tall and skinny, the arm is a son of a day. No, not not talking about Joey, the tree. Who else? Who's got a bigger guy that looks just like Bob will move. The glasses, who is that guy? So we got so many people. What are those things that you see? You can also know. He looks like his kissing cousin, spitting image. And when you're very assurden, come in down there and ask all the rearbob room with that there in the phone. Bob will move like the stand out there in the circle and the parking lot. I'm a good girl, man. Pretending he's like a big shot. Like Maddie, a lot of them from Miami. Now, Maddie, the question. Remember those days, they're saying, hey, where are we? So anyway, I was at the village last night, I probably said, because I'm going to go shopping and going to buy my pick up the two things. And there was a young hit ratten, I think, probably Cuban. Guy, what, waiting on these very nice guy. Pretty good looking too. What are we having? Now, he was a good guy. And he said, oh, when you're on, he's got papa by missing that. And the young, he will move from coming to know about the real show. But you know where he will move from. So really, really. And the most amazing part of it is all those people say, oh, yeah, that's just there on. It's there. You're going to have to not let yours go. And they still hold your weapon that you're on now. Well, me. That's that. Yeah, a good old Maddie, the lesson. Another is really, I told it, don't do business with these really. I tried to always there, but that's what I was going to do. I'm going to go again. You're not Jewish enough. We are not Jewish enough. Why are you just going to put that to a leaderman? Because he makes my skin crawl. How's that for? For starters. I don't know why you're being so negative. It's just, we're just trying to be reasonable people with very good pan to the future. So what's wrong with putting them in the freezer and you're an ass? Here's a call in Nathan's house. Yeah, real. Yes, sir. Yes, as we're going to the radical law in the times about that credibility issue on Bush. Apparently exaggerated state spending on health care by 300%. I'm sure you know about that. Yes. But in the radical law, the most fighting thing was that he held up the children's health insurance program because he was afraid of a scorer back with it. Pick up one of it. A medicate. I showed an allergy before medicate. Meanwhile, I'm driving down the street here in Nathan's in the youngest cattle I've been raining over. Then it says Bush can't even leave no car behind. Yeah. It's unbelievable. Thanks. Thank you. Good afternoon. I keep on driving. If I were you. Can you imagine over there in the West Coast? Can you even begin to imagine? Wow. They got bush granted on their armpits. I'm hearing them. T. That's five six seven or five six six pound five six. The only AP and T in Verizon Wireless One. 105 votes are ready in the unresolved QN personality context. Guess who's winning by a fairly good margin. Of course, the things could change. 33. But was 31. More percent. And right on his behinders. Joseph got the air with 19. Of course they seen him. He's on the non-paving. I don't know. I mean, I wouldn't want to get me to depressed. So you came to play. I still have a similar to me. Joseph Gackie and Dick, who's the guy that Hank was sucking up to on Friday about Spotskunk. Dick Stockton. I still have a similar. He can't complain about you before they're personality because the Gackie and Stockton, either one who's got a personality. Wouldn't. Your logic is with nine. Yeah, I was wanted to have. Behind. Two of those with seven. Flash reading with six seven. Seeing. Meddog with five. George Woodford. Do you find out where the seven four? Never be found out how fat and go. They've got an 8k with three. Y'all leave a two. There would two. They'll count. One. And John Costello has got. He liked that. Tony Joe wouldn't get any votes. Here's nobody. But he has that nose thing. He's at one of the nose. So big of the nose too. Five, six. What do you've been out with him? Here's our line. Six. Still not working on. Just haven't checked it. You see if maybe doing the course of the show they're not working on this. See, I got lose for you guys. We're not going to sit back and tolerate this. Like, you know, this slack attitude just because of the fact that book came out and you guys walked out again. I had never seen such lucky people in my life as these real movies. I've never seen anything like it. They just keep every time I've actually been there. They have to get up and rinse off. And I can think of probably a little bucket of shit off. Every hour and a hour. Where would it go? Or a G. There's no bucket of shit we just thrown into. Maybe. Here's a little bit of like what? Hello. Hey, Neil. I'm in Boca now. Here's a moment in Boca. There we go. Two things. The first one is to say that George did a great job during the summer while you're away. Well, that's obvious now. It's better to believe that the track is okay. Well, I think that first of the starting of this book. But he grew on me like a work, but it was good. Second thing is I think an age old question was answered from 12 years ago. Why did George Bush pick Dan Quill as his roommate? Because he reminded him of his son. And that's a good point. That could be a kind of a movement again. I'd be happy if. And you listen to Dan Quill and all those things were reading about what he says. Things that he has to tell us just like, Dan Quill, I'll make. Yeah. I think Quill is a rocket scientist and pretty good. I really don't. Right about that. And I go with you. No PM. No PM. Let's get rid of him. Get a real coach in here. I think, you know, where they got to do a few tomorrow. I don't want Saturday. Could continue being a really ugly, really. I think that the Hingwiting's on the wrong. I'm very sorry to say I have tickets to the weekend. So you can pick it up. So I'm going to be there tomorrow night. And I don't know if I really want to watch it. I think it's going to be very early. I'll see you there. Okay. Okay. Okay. Bring a little fly started to good book. That's my best advice. 560, 50560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless wines. We're getting up there. Here's who we got more than 35 land for a plant pair of them now. And we're going to do over 40 in the month of October, which is pretty astonishing and inspiring. Considering the fact that it's usually in person, you got up to a slow start. Here's Miami home. Mayo. Yes sir. And the website, I just wanted for you. You'll think you might call me. Okay. Thank you. Okay. You got his vote. That's sick. I mean, that's a wonderful American. 560, 50560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless wine. That's why I picked up a spick up a little bit in the pool. I'm up to 10. But thanks up to 50. Hingwiting's pillar away. What an embarrassment. Hingwiting's in the lead and just pulling away and not looking back. He's just drawing away from the field with 50. So the Gackie 24, you're truly with 10. Little dog with a mad dog with 7. A lot of dogs in here. Josh Friedman with 6, George with 5, we throw it full. We throw, we have them full. Any K and we'll start with 3. They'll camp a repurp. Roach and be with 2. We'll pick this thing up a second. Here we go. And oh, Joe finally got one. Because they don't want him to be a rough dog. But a big shnoth. Who's going for a go to the... No, she did not. She did not say he's going to a big. Oh, no. Connie sister after run is 5. Sick you WQF. Come and kneel Roger show. You'll support radio live 60. She's a man. The live. I am not allowed to. This is your cover of Steve Hea, reminding me to join us. Every side are in Saturday night. Have a good breakfast. So the best they have to hide you around. Or else you'll... You're not supposed to bring you to pass the music from film and studio. That's right. Good, Mark. No, swallow . We have to bring around taxi guys in the lot of time. Everyone let her take shit. Make me want to have greasy as fuck. The easiest way to make that is when you go to the party. One day now I have to take care of all these boys before I start stage. Sit tight. At the Big bunker, the first arm can stand up. Whenever he allow you, he was to observe layout right? He did come on the boys for that time. syllable is that PILLER Witnesses die with piss and rushing over! someone who doesn't understand if he knows people with five, Jollywood 4, dedicated to three bulkampers, Shambi and Argylka's that are each have a pair. Here's a movie on North Lauderdale, huh? Yeah, I knew who you are going to walk through tonight. Thanks for that. What are you talking about? What are you talking about? Are you a moron? Are you some kind of an asshole? I'm a moron. Five six seven, oh five sixy. Call one of the spurt shows, okay? Because that's all you know about his games on this station. Five six seven four hundred open lines half an hour to go. We've obviously had tested them today and they've run out of gas. Five six seven, oh five six feet pound five sixy on the AP and three and realize in whatever sort of a traffic. Just tragic. Here's a movie on the stool, hello. Hello, Neil? Yes sir. First time call, you got a great program. Which I do. The pilot is also bad. I do want to make one quick comment. It's a crime. It's this. I've created the countries. This is that we all have better candidates for those two. They're running. But let me ask you one question and I'll hang up. I found television last night where the wooden Indian was on a Air Force two. Now how can he go around the country on a government plane, unless it's being or we being being pushed for that? I'm sure the campaign is paying for a lot of this. I'm, you know, it's quicker to just administration is done in the past eight years. I would like to see what does that mean? It's quicker to do some administration has been in the last eight years. Well, what is it that they're doing? The Republicans don't do that they all don't do. What does that mean? Well, they all do, but I'm saying, as far as the far as Gore would all have his fundraising with the Chinese. Yeah. And let me say one thing. Gorey, God forbid, they'll make, if it's going to make it in New York, I think the country is had it because this woman, the country is had it. Yeah, this country is the most crooked. The RTC are each that's ever hit the United States political trail. And she was first in, she tried to destroy medicine. She had, she tried to destroy medicine. And she did, she had, what does that happen to look crooked? First of all, to be a digitalist of the way that you say, she tried to destroy medicine. But what does that happen to look at? You know how many, you have to make $50 to investigate it and they couldn't find a goddamn thing. Wrong. You know how much you're on, right? You know how many positions she had on that? Yeah, I'm not really calm, it's probably the favorite one I would imagine. This guy starts out with a son of a little bit about it, so she didn't have better cannabis and they go into the usual, usually right wing piloted. If Hillary gets in, it's going to be like the end. It's going to be through a real friendship, slowly gets in. As opposed to the collage, you're a figure, it's in. Then we're going to be saying, I don't like the savior to me. He looks like a little vacuumish, looking which cone, which ball is what it looks like to me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the 18, T and T and boys as well as wine. Here's a call from D3, hello. This should have been a lift and a hundred and a bottle and a two key things in the best of CD. All right, look after listening to your colors in the past couple of weeks. I'm so sorry. I couldn't help a call. I guess what I'm getting at is the problem with these people is that what pondler calls develop a culture of an easier. What that means for your listeners is that they can't think for themselves to just use your to be a passive consumer and be poor what's right and what's wrong. That's the reason why the whole election is such a state that if similar now. That's personal and don't care for either candidates, but I look at the hard facts and question each one for whatever positions they may be on and I make my decision based on that. I am voting for our goal. You said that it's a better candidate for many different reasons. I don't agree with what it put in many years ago with the whole censorship thing. I think the full of main problems in this country are such a certain amount. That's the most important. I said right in the first beginning when it took to do a Librimon and when Hadada, he would have not necessarily run around with the people in the course of the lynchings. I said, let's see, though, the birth parties are in favour of censorship and getting the first amendment. So, at least there's no choice there. Yeah, and I mean, it's again, you know, censorship. What's the least people with basically that media, what are they looking to? They're looking to the media, popping them with basically what they what they will need to hear in order to vote for a bunch or a gore. They're looking to the pretty things and then things like the color, the sense of the transcript from what's the name of Hadada. Yeah, a few of us, you know, somebody finds out that that's on the net. It gets pulled right away. They're censored because... No doubt, but what's the reality is? So, I mean, unfortunately... But of course, beyond that, I mean, there are eight trillion things on the internet and a lot of my bookwrap. That doesn't mean they get you right to offer the right to it. Well, you see something like that. Somebody's told me some heavy-boony strings to make sure that that's not on there. Exactly. I mean, that's what I'm going to call this country. I mean, I grew up here in the States, but with a heavy, I guess, Spanish from Spain, European culture and all the problems that we're experiencing in our country today. These are things that happen under two years ago in Europe. And again, you know, modern-day culture, the society today, the one that looks historical reference is in order to follow the problems, which have been solved, you know, hundreds of years ago. Well, the biggest problem in this country is that dumbness problem. You know, this is a political and people who are going to have any idea of the system, how it works, who the hell is a big one? They know from nothing. It comes up as you can. All I can tell is that they pay 50 bucks to watch Tyson in the middle of that. I don't wish for it last weekend. Just because it's, you know, enough to pass time. You have to do that. So, you know, take a look at it and keep the face mask. Thanks a lot. Big reason. Find suggestions like how the US is running for a million businesses, a lot of broad people. How about reading a book, huh? What are we to book? No, many of your tests are going to read one trillion. My type of fascinating. Let me just call off open. Let me just let read those books here. Keep a listen and be situated. Our timeline is up on 877756345. Hi, Alia. Hello. And we are all right. OK. First and me, a couple of things. If somebody wants to read a book on the evil of modern clarity, which is certainly something that manifests today, they should take a look at where the flies are making, you know, make the effort. Secondly, the only thing that they can accuse Bill and Hillary Clinton of these vashes is of having a social conscience, something which they obviously do not have. And of having normal, you know, human defects of character, it's part of a human condition. And the last point is, I think that are you there? Yeah, I think that these last few days of the election, Democratic Party has to do something for they should try and follow George W. Brown, get him at a neutral fight and have no Clinton pop up and defend his record. I don't think Bush would survive something like that. Yeah. Well, that's what they're talking about. You know, that's the big debate within the Gore campaign. Now, should they try to put them out and they're having to do some active campaign, or should they keep moving me across and have Gore keep this association. I think they're making a bad mistake that they will try to now. You're the best. Best campaigner to best speak to the guy. I don't necessarily mean active campaign. I mean for example, we like corner minimum and human something. Not a little bit more. That's it. Say shows up at a rudiment for example. Yeah. Okay. I was saying those in the audience, he said, he asked rudiment. Hey, can I come up with a show to play? Yeah, but I'm saying, what I'm saying is I'm sure that the rudiment isn't the last talk show that W is going to do. You know, they should try to find out why the time back to the road next week. Okay, but she had a dog crap on the floor. I'm sure that you are W on next week. Probably 24 to the 5. 60 W QM. Oh, what's up? What the? What do you want? What the? Oh, street rock. What the? What the? What the? What the? What the? What the? What the? What the? That wentansing again. So, let's play one. Five, six. Dod or wise. That's five, six. Yeah, that's five. Six, six, six. That's one, nine, come on. Right. I'm disappointed kidding. That's in the end. That's it. RE Rohng SelfRupert. Not right. Kuh-h-ru-gh-purgh Polo. They stuck. Managed his gut aid. Josh, three-moo rebate. Before he's got seven. Two or six. Yelding with five. Eddie Kay and Joe Castella with three. Bruce Shambu and Kim Bocape with two a boost. To get to know that we took his pro after. Boom Ruff at two four and a dash to Pond to be stern around. Here's a moment of achievement at home. Yeah. Yes sir. I have played a nice Josh, three when you talk about it. That's the same one we had in the way we opened Ruff Pond each. What do you mean Ruff Pond each? You done his radio station every now and then. He's got a North Army. Bobby got 92 points. There's the word in the Josh statement. No. Different, different jubes. Is that true now? That's your favorite. That's a bunch of sailors. That's a bunch of sailors. Donnabobbs. There you go. He's the big, you know. Don't be about the beginners. You got that big of a nurse. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,<|th|> 5, 60 on the AT&T and nothing you're githase. So whatever the hell out of it. That was really. So bad didn't get on the air. What a shootout. Oh. I never forget today I was driving out of the packs and building there. On the IOD, to the end. And who comes driving down the street? Those are his window bands. Oh hi, I'm Steve and I will. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. Like if I were to head a spear to chuckle at that point. I would have chucked it. Like a second, which of course would have been any problem. Here's how I'm there, huh? And there. Yes sir. Sir, come on me. Come on man. Come on. Turn it better, man. It's a meal. Let me know. Let me know. We got a room going with the lights. You tell me we have 270 million people. Two miles are running. What the hell are we going to do? Yeah. It's kind of a snuck your bullshit. He will come to the gate when I'm very considercissive. But anyway, because you know what you were waiting for, I'm vacation. I listen to drle you couple of times. You know, I don't know if I'm okay. No, no, no, no. He's not even. He's very good. He's very good when he had the listen to you for seven Canadians. Yeah. He is not their father. Well that's for danger. He's okay. I didn't have a idea the way. Okay, that's enough. Okay, 20 to the next one. Okay, 20 to the next one. 5 6 7 0 5 6 p.m. In fact, he probably did that spot. We were running before we wanted to talk about Mark Hype. Then you were going to hear him. Oh, the grocery stuff. I get to tell you our new station. Believe me, all the others were in touch for that. So that was all you got to always use on your station. They're worried about it. Believe me, listen to the grocery price. Trust me when I tell you. 5 6 7 0 5 6 p.m. 5 6 p.m. 5 6 p.m. The AT&T and Verizon wireless lines. So that's my hotel. Hi. I had a comment tonight that I'd like to see what you think about it. On your first full, I thought that it's a whole empowerster run as a public can need to see the walk away with this collection. Yeah. How do you feel? Based on one. We could be more part of the road. Please come one. We're going to tell you the war here and the probably more trustworthy than either of them. But first of all, you've got absolutely no qualification. The president number one. Number two is black. That was the base. And in my end of point, I made that was the vision of the power that I should be for. I believe that has been in a poor people say, oh yeah, we're both for a black person for our person. But then when they go to the porn place, I think it's, uh, where that's why it was a way. Mm-hmm. Okay. Well, could you just mention the out of town line one more time? Okay. Thanks. Out of town line 877. It's a home number. 877. Son of an eight five. 5345. Okay. Because we got a moment and pull out of there, on it. Hello. Yeah. Hey, it's Chris. Yes, sir. I know. Okay. With the view of that, the amount of power for like two or three years. Great to hear you. Makes me think he laughs. People think I'm an idiot. Driving around. I think I'm a little bit more on. They don't like it. Get me the ratio. All right. Looks like an idea for these makerswaters. I work with one of them. He drives me not to his hopeless, you know, terminal. He's like, not a motor. Try to make a point, you know, some vain point. But I was looking to the rate of yesterday and these, they had these liberals, drawn away their vote and they said, well, you know what we're going to do is, with some of our native friends in other states, they're going to trade our vote. So I'm voting after him to see from New York. So I'm going to vote for native for him and he can send them to vote for Gordon Fwarta. So that's it with you. Yeah. So all you terminal later types out there. Find someone from the state that it doesn't matter. California. Exactly. Right. You are another thing. But far enough don't waste your vote. Exactly. Can't a kind of whole grocery here or those other Michigan Wisconsin and a sort of can do a Washington or a gun can't do it. Great idea. Okay. Do the back feel. Thanks a lot, pal. That's not a bad idea. You've paid them right. I've worked like baseball cards. Yeah. I've worked in New York. I've worked in New York. I've worked in New York. I've worked in New York. I've worked in New York. I can't connect. I could not just make it much connected. So much. I think I've been through there of course. It's just fun to say. It's connected. What's that big station? It's connected. WG. Where is it? 8, 8, 10 on the bow. 50,000 watts. WGR. I've been using buffalo. Come on George. 8, 10. Scenicine or Hibbert or somebody else. There's another one at West Palm. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, just two quick points. First one, a long time listener. First time call. And I am going to vote early in often. Good. But do you ever watch the show out on TV? No. So there used to be a show called Alpha on TV. And really on Alpha is a dead ringer for device-pumped. It's a quick man. It's a quick man. It's a quick man. Second of all, I moved here from Detroit. So this is my second time. I've had to put up with Mr. Murray. So you can feel sorry. Oh boy. I don't think it's really too much longer. I think the Hibberting like I said before is on the wall. Even it's indelible. Okay, that's all I have. Okay, my friend. Thanks. All right. It's one of the four two at five, 62. Yes. This is five, 60. You may have. On the El Roger show, Sports Radio, 560. Two, A, M. May Whitney has a fair. He loves it. He loves it. He loves it. He loves it. We're not a family. That's a safety. We're not a family. He's been alive. We're not a family. We're not a family. We're not a family. We're not a family. We're not a family. Other men. That's not a family. How many of us? No. We're not a family. Not a family. Not a family. Not a family. But one of our families. But another one of our families. We know that you don't listen to us. It's not a family. We don't listen to you. That's not. So I'm saying that strictly it is. We're here. It's not a family. It's a family. It's a big issue. Everyone is willing to volunteer along with each other. We're here with a God-goot child. I'm a judge, I'm a law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law go law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law Law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law rho law law Law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law lawf Fed Law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law rule law law law law law law law law law law law law Law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law Law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law law vessel law law to more of this firm tried very hard to help. They're led at all their clients. So for the past three years, special interest loops in trauma-hancy have been waging the war. On the laws that protect the safety and well-being of all four variants, these groups push their agenda out of the guys that tort reform. Their idea of reform is to limit your ability to sue and to be compensated when we were a family and we're seeing you recruit because of some of our health negligence. This year's election provides a great opportunity to set a message to these special interest loops by supporting candidates for a fight for four of these families. John Gillespie running for four of the seven district 31 is one of those candidates for fight against the special interest loops who put profits and corporate greed about the safety and families, besides for the civil justice system, eight to more reform and protect the rights and safety of consumers and victims. In addition to John Gillespie's race, it's equally important to vote November 7th for the following candidates who work hard to protect human family, president Al Gore, U.S. and Bill Nelson, U.S. representative, Bill E. Bloom. Oh! Thank you, sir, for our sharing that with us. Here's a call in Miramar, hello. Yeah, you're really intimidated by George W. Archer. Oh yeah, excuse me to death. Why is that? Little loopy-attared. Why is that? I'm not intimidated. What do you have to say, sir? You said, you said, you said, what does it you like to say? I'm not attacking him, you said, actually. I'm not intimidated at all. He couldn't intimidate a fruit slide. Or me. Well, then why are you always attacking him? Because I'm discussing the issue. I'm discussing his ability because he's running for president. So, since he's honest and boy isn't fit. He honest. What's the honor with the honest about this? I just got through that family value. It was like being a professional, a drug. This family values, like executing mentally-be-tarded people in the state of Texas. This is that family values, like accusing up to a friend in the world industry. I had big business so they can pull up the earth. So that kids can't even walk out. He had to practice, to split the outside and screw, in just a bit because the earth's so great. Hello, this is that family values. So this crap I yours, you and your right-wing friend. It's falling on deck years, all across America. All these cliches, family values, and bring morality back because you can't build Clinton for the couple of road jobs. And you think that you're going to pull it all over the public's eyes. You're not fooling anybody. Hate isn't a family value. That's one of my favorite bumper stickers. And that's where he represents including Moe Ongler. I'm intimidated. Not intimidated by him or by you. OK? Mr. Asho. He thought whether we're in a five-partisan way to get the patient's lower rights passed in Texas. Yeah, he's a big line number one. And I just got through reading a whole litany of him. But obviously, he had a hearing problem. But I'd be hurled in the middle of the head of goes in one of you and right after you other. See, then this is the fascinating thing. And it's always been this way. Well, I think this direction, Moe Ongler, never before. Because now these right-wingers are flexing the muscle again. They see the opening. And that is it. If you listen real with them, they have to attack you. They can't attack what you say. They have to attack you and come back with the same mind-wrested generalities and cliches that we heard from the WD and all through the base. Here's the one that can get it done. Because he's working at a bipartisan way, which totally, oh, I. Oh, I. And again, conveniently, forgetting the fact that a lot of things were ministerial, tried it in the last day. You're there couldn't do because the Republican Congress was almost unanimously against it and I became vote. Almost unanimously. And in many cases, you unanimously. Who the hell are you kidding, Mr. Here's for my or shall I? I do. Good. I say first off, you know, you see people really want to find out like, you know, whether really, you know, what these can't actually say in here. It's a great website here. And you go on, you see, you see, you see, you see, you see how you feel about, like, for their shoes. It's the same.