What the hell's up here? I think we're gonna be going to meet you in the train. Oh man, who's your brother, Jacob? Dad! I think we're gonna meet you, go in. He's a morny, and he's down! And I kept it out, I can't move my whole hand in my gallery. Hey, no doctors, that's what you're doing here. I'm feeling that I know again. He's very cute, our music, that's a draw and name of life and... And in fact, that's what we'll be doing. You! This is your song, honey! So, the rap I can tell when I'm like you. Get it, get it, get it. But everyone's just been scared. Walk through hallway sideways. And in the suburbs, it's very long air. I'm a set piece of hair! A singing and some new music, please and a bow. We're not used your wet going on there. Stay away from me! Josh, please, mother! I feel thankful to you, honey, but he's no stand. I just thought you had to do your good things. You're so considerate! Josh, please, mother! He's looking to confuse his teeth and I'm belly button, and tell him by the sound, they can't stand. Got so fat, he's got to explode! Do we wreck it while all over, honey? There's deep loads of fat down here. Move it, go, go! Just do hold in all that crazy old food. Stay away from me! Josh, please, mother! Think I dare to switch on the light-meat, why do I think he does? Don't come here, babe! Josh, please, mother! Come here, come here! It's so much fun, don't you, sir? You're right. I was wrong. I wasn't really wrong. I just tried to cut people a little bit of slack. Okay, just a little bit of... I don't. I get along with everybody. Almost. Almost. I get along with everybody. But I'm the one that's got the reputation being the hardest, and the fact is that you're a much harder ass than I am. I'm an old junk. But at any rate, Josh Friedman, all I can say is he's an asshole. Yeah. Thanks for aggravating me a little bit. Okay, Josh, there's certainly an early, I don't really take, I don't care what anybody thinks, but in your case, in what happened yesterday, I'll make an exception. You jack ass, you lying piece of turd. Let me just first mention that all the people who work in sports, but even in the periphery of sports, anybody that he has any contact with in this town, they hate him like poison. He's walking arsenic on two legs, on two stubs. I'm leaving here yesterday, we had a pretty good show yesterday. I would say it was fine. We had a zin in calls, a lot of idiots, but that's okay. Yeah, that was all right. I was feeling pretty good. And as I head around the corner to walk out of the, to the elevator, there is a bluff as in there and he's got big fat Josh Friedman in there with him. So I kind of waved and got out of there real quick, because I don't want to smell the lingo too bad. I don't want to catch a whiff if he catches my drift. But then as I kind of went out in the hallway, I thought, well, I'm going to go back and give him a shot because he did such a crappy job. I mean, I'll horrendous job. You give a big fat piece of turd, a little bit of an assignment, and can he do it? Can he get it done? Can he do it right? No, no. Well, I suggested here, you know, weeks ago, weeks and weeks ago, I suggested how come we don't have since we're paying millions of dollars for the rights to call these sports franchises? How come we don't have any of the adjox recording promos for all the shows on this station, including mine, especially mine since this is the one that I do. Oh, yeah, Green Island dude. Green Island, I mean, here's a station that the other end of the dial, who in their mind, they believe they're competing with this station, they have no audience, they have no major of a lot of things, they don't exist. And they've got the ingenuity to go out there and to get some of their nerds off their ass. And go out there and say, hey, cut a promo for us. This is slimy colon, and you're listening to whatever the hell it is. What's wrong with that? Good idea, everybody does it. So who do they send out? Somebody with a brain? No. Somebody with a personality? Somebody that doesn't smell too bad? No. No. See, one thing I really respect about this radio station is the people that they sent out to represent it. Oh, yeah. Yeah. They must have a factory where they just whip all these people out all that we haven't counted some of them. Another place is prior. Not to mention fat boy. See, that's the prerequisite is that you have to be big and fat much better than I am, by a long shot. I'm slim compared to you have to be big disgusting and water a lot. And smell real bad and make a lot of funny sounds and offend everybody immediately by order if not sooner. And then you're qualified to go out represent wqa. Basically, you're scumbag place anyway. Although I will say this, this is Paul out of the floor of Panthers, Jerusalem and Neil Rogers, on the fourth straight to a five, six, eight. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. At the bottom of the calling. So there's one and of course you got me to one with Robby Needemar, which I mean, and Mark Perish. And then we got the promos from Joe Bowen and the Harry Neil voices of Toronto Maple Leafs back at a great Monday night when we were here in town. The ones that had a lovely, and you cannot understand in here and they're useless because they're all distorted because again, you give a piece of turn a very simple job to go out there and you can't get it done. Oh, so it anyway to make it long story even longer, which I will. I don't know, seriously, I know the governor said get their black ass out of here or whatever. And then I wouldn't know what something like he said that's the rumor that I'm star out here and get their black spook asses out of here or something. So that in channel 7, we'll talk about that. And then finally, better late than ever, the FBI agent charged in the I-95 debts. You know, they're a little bit slow on these things, but sooner or later, if they come up with an up protest, they get to it. And then we got the Vermont hockey team, the university of Vermont hockey team been suspended for another one of those hazing incident. Oh, it's going to talk about. But first, let's do 20 or 30 hours on that slob Josh Friedman because he's an asshole. So anyways, I'm walking out of there. I come back and I said, well, nice job on doing those promos, Josh and Duff says, Bluff says, Mr. Weeknees, Bluff Lindsey says, Well, we're talking about that right now, as a matter of fact. And big fat smelly disgusting oozing stapled up in one piece Josh Friedman says to me, He says, oh, yeah, well, I was over there this morning and Paul Laws is you only when I would do it for you. He's only when I would record a promo. I said he's the only one. I find that kind of hard to believe. He says, yeah, he says, I asked Ray Whitney and he looked at me and turned around and walked away. And I thought to myself, no way. It's not possible. I go to close personal friend Ray Whitney who listens to this show. Who shook my hand so hard on the plane at time and Toronto that it's still bleeding from it. I don't believe it. So to make a long story even longer, I made a couple of calls. I don't want to mention a name during the day, but I thought I'll get to the bottom of this because it sounds real. It sounds fishy. It's something, things here. He says, Josh Friedman, it's hard to tell when he's around because the romance is so punger and overwhelming. You can't really tell where from which it's end leading from which orifice. Rectowns, probably. So many made a couple of calls and it make a very long story even longer. Last night at about the 10 past 11 o'clock, one of my hockey people I'd have wanted to mention, Rimmer's name, called and said, Ray Whitney just returned my call and he said it's absolutely true. He's furious. He's psychotic with fat Josh Friedman. He'd like to beat us not out of him. And he tells me what the real story was. Then five minutes later, my phone rings again and there's my good close personal friend Ray Whitney on a phone. Telling me the real story about this, which I'll get to is what makes it a long story even longer in a moment after the break. And it's not really important because most of you don't even know who Ray Whitney is. You wouldn't know a hockey puck from a guy damn doorstop, but the fact is, what do we have people like this going out to represent this radio station? Why can't we get something as simple and basic as this done by people who like us, for example? And I know it may come as a shock, but that's where we are people out there who like us. God. Josh Friedman, man. He's an asshole. There's a matter of fact. Almost forgot about this. This would be perfect for today. Oh yeah. Oh, the tail here was story about the friend who was big enough. Oh. And it's a brand new story about the friend who was big enough. Oh. His name is Josh Friedman. And he's been new. And he's been new. And he's been a good ass. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. That's past ten to five sixty w q a m's. No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced. No. No. W q a m. Be free acquisition court. Your Rogers guy. And day. There you go. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. Day. I want you to take all your stand days. I need you to take all your stands. All your pockets. Oh, I love it. Oh, dad. Baby. Baby. Baby. Baby. Baby. Baby. Baby. Don't. Who was that? It's Baby and Daddy. Baby. Baby. Baby. So anyway, 10.15 at 5.50 WQMs, again, back to my good close personal friend Josh Friedman, he's an asshole. So the reason that Ray Witton he turned around and walked away was because for the eight million times he was asking him, as he always does, from what I'm told in our conversation last night, to record some stupid, comical thing for Jeldi and the guys in a worse team. We're always going over there and bugging the guys to record silly little to make them and sit down comedians, which are the comedians? No, no. Their athletes, their whatever they are. And so after about the form was in my name was it ever mentioned? No, no, my name was never mentioned. Ray Witton, you sure is me that if my name would have mentioned he'd have been delighted. He'd have been ecstatic to do a little promo, no problem at all. But did Josh Friedman mention my name? No. Did he bother telling anybody that in the story? No, no, because he's a piece of crap. He's a big disgusting obnoxious piece of crap. It was over a year ago that you told me that and I said, yeah, you know, cut the guy a break. And then of course I didn't have it. I had it. They went away 700 pounds and I said, you know, something, the big obnoxious part and the smelly part right through the glass window. He's the only person I know can stand on the other side of a soundproof bulletproof glass window and you can still smell it. The chair still out there in the hall. Oh, the Josh Friedman Moriel chair that they pushed out in the hallway because he snuck it up so bad. Nobody would sit on it. The musical chair keeps moving around. Right. It smells like somebody's sadness sat on it with an H is what it's well like. If you catch that on it, he shed on it. If it catch my drift, he's mad on it. Yeah, that's right. That's the past sense of Schmidt is Schmatt. He's mad on it. Tuba crap, okay? They hate you like poison over there Josh Friedman. They don't want to ever see your ugly pussy again. They don't want to smear you. They don't want to know from you. They don't want to be bothered with you. They don't want to record anymore stupid little silly problems for guilty either while you're aware of it. You jack as you. What of the neck Josh have a nice day? How many times have I talked about that? This is the most bizarre place. All all these years, 100 years, I've worked in radio and every place I've worked. I got along with most of the people over some people like me, some were hated me. But, but generally speaking, that we spoke because you go to work. You get along here. I got to list as long as my arm of people. I won't look at them. I don't want to speak to them. I don't want to see them. I used to turn people loosely, by the way. They're not people. They're cretons because Greg reads specializes in that. All the scum, all the sewage that nobody else in a market will touch, that nobody would hire on a bit or all the sewage that they're desperately trying to squeeze out the door. They wind up here at QA and that's here for your scumbag station for the 90s. How am I going to say now? I can't say for the 90s anymore for the... Oh! Yeah. That does present a problem. For the 21st century. Are we in the 21st century? Oh, let's start that crap again, please. So, anyway, Governor Boisers get their black ass out of there, something like that. Maybe that isn't exactly what he said. I didn't see the peace on General Seven this morning. And he called Channel Seven to make sure they understand he was talking about the news people, the camera people, not the two black legislators that are protesting. And I have to agree, by the way, with the getting rid of affirmative action. So I disagree with those two schmarts who said, they're sitting there, but they got to write this at their protest. They're doing a little sit down. Get those schmarts asses out of here, something like that he said. Get those spooks out of here, is that what he said? Something like that to me. Oh, if we could only bring back the old hecoon. He could relate a little bit better to this problem. I'm against the affirmative action, boys and girls. If you're qualified, you're hired. If not, get lost. Go cry and somebody else is shorter. Here's a very depressing thing. Speaking of way, winning in the panthers. And by the way, Robert Steinbach in a hero today, almost writes a column that makes some sense. You go about halfway down and he gets lost. He totally gets lost, but he started that with good intentions. He says, hey, dolphins, get over it. The worst thing about the dolphin's ignominious exes from this year's playoffs is the prospect of hearing dolphins wine about it for the next seven months. Oh, would Jimmy Johnson tasty departure, a new head coach and uncertainty about aging superstar Danny Moreno's return, the typical software sports panel have plenty to assess about until the kickoff of the 2000 season mercy. I have a suggestion. Get over it. Let football go for a while. Top Florida's got two exciting first place pro teams that at least compared with the half of his dolphins, almost no one has noticed. The Florida Panthers are dominating the NHL Southeast division behind goal scoring machine Tom L. Buri and my close personal friend Ray Whitney. And led by Alonzo morning, the best set or in basketball, the mommy he is leading the NBA's Atlanta division. You can know they lost to the bulls last night and overtime. Despite having to play without injured all star points, you're at him hardaway most of the season. And here's the interesting paragraph by Robert Steinbach. He says a real sports town would find a lot of consolation those two winners using their success to suit the pain of the 62 to 7 stomping the Jacksonville Jaguar has put on the dolphins on Saturday. And I expect the usual pattern to hold. Let's put local sports fans will waste three perfectly good seasons. Winners bring in summer, droning on endlessly about what went wrong and what must be done to save next year, spare me. And at the after that, he just took it lost. Nice going, Robert. For half a column is better than none. And in my channel, sir, for the last night, I did see the guy from I'm going to win a million dollars by the way and that really got off. I'll show but it kills a good hour. I've come to a conclusion that's a really very weak cliche, but it kills a good hour. And if there's nothing else on at all, which is usually is not that you flip over there and there's readjust. Everybody likes readjust, right? He's a good guy. And that show is it's taken off. It's got like a 99 sure. It's the biggest damn thing. And the big deal, it's taken on both. In the universe. So I did see the attorney, the lawyer guy from I'm your Winner Middenbox. But I'm channel surfing last night and I come across on Wandy, which I never watched of course, and listen to Loaner with somebody. I turn on Wandy and there's the heat game. And it's almost over and I see that now they're like a nipping talk life and death with the bulls with the worst team in the history of basketball. And I thought that was kind of bizarre. But I look around in a stand and it looks like they just had a bomb scare. There's all these people disguised as Yellow Seats. It looked like the fleet and a set of red vosses. There's all these empty seats. I mean, thousands and thousands of empty seats. So a few minutes later I turned it on. It says Chicago 80, Miami 80, go ahead over time. And now I look at the seats and it's the end of people disguised as empty Yellow Seats. There is nobody there. A few thousand, maybe. A handful. And just out of orbit curiosity, I watched the overtime. Which do I ever watch? Pro basketball? Oh, but I watched you over 10, watch him get there. Asked to kick by a girl's team. And by the time there was like 30 seconds left and that overtime, you could have had your own section and gone bowling and played part. Cheesy in there. You could have played grab ass and the stand. There was nobody there. So this morning I'm watching on Channel 7. I see Governor Bush and get their black asses out of here or whatever you said. And I see the clips from the low lights from last night's game. And I show him the first quarter and it's just as empty in the first quarter as it was at the end of regular. There was nobody there. I look at the paper this morning. You don't think Mickey is faking his attendance is doing. He's looking out for only numbers. It said 19,000. Almost the sellout. There must be one hell of a lot of unsolved tickets for those guy named Heekings until that because nobody is showing up now. Talk about a real sports town or real town of any kind. Then I find in Michael Russo's column this morning this unbelievably at the stressing piece. The Panthers of over 14.0 lead in the southeast division are much ahead of last year's pace. They've got the best home winning percentage in the International Haqili League. 16 win three losses in two ties in unbelievable. 833 percentage. Yet, attendance is in the bottom half of the league and the worst of any of the six division leaders. The ravaging 15,611 again. 359 short of capacity. They haven't sold out a game this season and they've drawn more than 17,000 only four times. As of yesterday afternoon, fifth the 500 tickets are made for a night's game against the Washington Caps. They want to five in a row. The Panthers are one five in a row. They're in second place in the division even though it's not close to the closest competitor. It should be a it's an important game. Does anybody care anybody interested? Oh anybody by any of those 5500 tickets? No. It's still standing and Jimmy and Dave and Danny and just like Robert Steinbeck says, a one note pound, just like I said yesterday. I'm embarrassed for this time. I'm humiliated. Guys come in here. They do a real good job to put a exciting product out there for you. And I'm tired to hear the belly aching and all these front running phony's all will wait till a playoff start. If you can make the drive, if you can make the shot from all the way down there in Kinnler wherever you're. Good friend Howard Kleinberg is why they show up here. We got a game just about. Right. For some strange reason, they make it all the way from way down there and sound day up there. And it's not that big of a deal. Okay. That's that big of a slip. But everybody here is the town of excuse makers. A town of winers like the guy that called yesterday. Well, we wanted to buy four tickets, but we had to do this. He lives like 15 minutes from the arena. He could have gone down there anytime he wanted or sent somebody down there anytime he wanted and bought the tickets right there at the box office. But he'd rather wine and belly aching, bitching, complaining. Get really old and still really tired. And this afternoon, I got to go for a abdominal and pelvic cat skin. So no, let me forget 35 minutes. I got to drink that really good. Baaaaaah. Crat that was they call her? Well, you called it vile. Well, seriously, what do they call that stuff? Terium, uh, very, very many of us through the mouth. Yeah. We're having an animal through your mouth. Oh, yeah. Well, that's what it is. You got to drink that stuff. And then three, I got to drink another one. And then they just want to take a look inside because this stuff just lingers on. And I feel like crap. And I got this cold sore here on my lip. And I look like, uh, yeah, I can invalid. But I'll still make it over the game sooner or later. Maybe a little later than usual. I'll be there. But this front running to Tony town. It's all that they think they know. They don't even know it because they don't know what they're talking about. But that's all they think they know. Is the fish this and the fish that and you can smell the fish. All the way over here. It's you do that or Josh Friedman. Do I want to talk about him again? Maybe a couple more hours. Uh-huh. That Jack asked the disgusting turd. Stayed out of the way from here. You're first son and on Greta. And I use the turf for son and loosely. Okay. You're fat so non-grat in this studio Friedman. Jim Mendes talks for a racket right here on Sports Radio 5.6. You. Hey, out. And beat that gator meat. And now it's time for another edition of the Unpublished Works of Dr. Sue. Today's election. Horton hears a hoe. Courtney Horton hears a hoe calling to him, have you got money to blow? Why, yes, Horton said quickly sporting a poll. There's a hundred in my bucket and it's burning a hole. I'll take off my clothes if you give me your cash. And Horton got excited as she exposed her bare essential. Stin Horton did mount her. And boy was he glad when she screamed, you're the biggest fordon high-fifth. When Horton was done, he smiled and set for a smoke. But the hose started laughing. Horton said, what's the joke? Then the hose turned around and Horton looked and got sick. Because this hoe, like Horton had a big hairy chest. That was another selection from the Unpublished Works of Dr. Sue. Thank you. 31. Welcome to 5. 50 WKOM. So anyway, the word is Josh Friedman is doing that hockey beat over there because it was kicked off every radio show on his right. Is station? Is that the real word? Uh-huh. And nobody will let them produce the show because he's disgusting and obnoxious in the nauseating and smells real bad in his personalities like in a minus column. Is that the real reason? Uh-huh. So we wanted to take in a good guy's job from covering the panther beat over there and to do a new stuff, which is somebody competent like the other guy would have been doing that job. We'd already had the promo as long time ago. Not any problem without any stories, but not bothering, maybe you remember anybody else. But when you're dealing with people who are just obnoxious and nobody wants nothing to do with them and because he's on a salary, they got to find something for this tub to do. How much are sitting in there in a bullpen? An E all day. That would be good. Which frankly every time I've ever seen a minute, he had food shoved in his big fat piss. Not a lot of fat food in there, by the way. Oh. Oh, don't let watch his name find out for over there Bob De Mooth from the West Coast. Uh, you know, Snitch on him. Like a kindergarten kindergarten. We got three adults, a ledge working on it morning show. Oh, we don't want to be eating in the, we don't want food and here Bob De Mooth is around because he'll go back and stitch to the beeslies over and four miles. Oh my god. Get out the pale in the sandbox. Get out the shovel. Yeah, that too. Vermont hockey season headed after investigation Vermont lawmakers say they're disappointed by the decision. The cancel arrested the season for University of Vermont men's hockey team, but most feel it was inappropriate step. University president Judith Ramley announced Friday that the remainder of the season was being canceled because some players had been dishonored with school officials during an investigation into hazing that occurred last fall. It's a very sad thing for the University hockey program, but it's a good thing for establishing a tender that hazing will not occur Governor Howard Dean said. The hazing allegations surface last fall. The situation gained urgency last month after former gully Corey La Tulip filed a suit that outlined the details of the hazing. I guess they were looking at his tulip. University officials were criticized for the speed of their response for the allegations. On January 4th officials released report detaining the allegations against the ECC Division on hockey team. Freshman players were allegedly required to play drinking games, parade naked while holding each other's genitals. All right, and threatened with other degrading acts. I rest my case for the eight billion times, you assholes out there who end in aisle about this whole fraternal ass grabbing thing. There you are. Freshman players were allegedly required to play drinking games, parade naked while holding each other's genitals, and threatened with other degrading acts, like maybe a few spankings on a friend stuff like that. But mostly circle around jerk getting a naked. Sounds off for me, you're like that book that I read that I brought in here that one day. That's certain hockey people not to mention murmur and they all strike in a lot of other people go out of reak as it can't face the truth because they're in denial. That's that I want to quote anybody out there, but they're in denial about these all of these things. All you. Macho sports guys, man. All you macho fraternity guys like that guy to call that day about running naked. There's nothing like running naked on the beach with your buddies. Yeah, that's what he said. There's nothing like running naked on the beach without your buddies. Here's a mobile in bouquet, hello. Yeah, hi, how you doing? I'm doing okay. Well, you know, what is the talk a little bit about this fraternity business? Yeah, that's him. We saved the call. That was that along with a bridge that I guess that's the. Yeah, two classics over 24 years, the fraternity hazing guy who culminates who caps off a and otherwise brilliant call with that statement. There's nothing like running naked with your buddies on the beach. Are real good heterosexual sounding thing to make. Almost as heterosexual as holding each other's genitals. Yeah, well, if there's no passion. Oh, that's right. I forgot that's what they say in the church. There was no passion involved. So it didn't make it sexual. It was just a fact in the church where just having fun, boys will be boys stuff like that. Priest will be priests. So there you go. Good bye to the University of Vermont hockey season. And most of you continue to be in denial. You won't face up. I mean, that one day we did have a little bit of success, including that guy getting some fraternity people to call in on her show after years and years of trying. But I, you know, I'd be embarrassed too. Well, no, I wouldn't be embarrassed because, you know, I like it. But at any rate. No, seriously, I mean, if I were supposedly some heterosexual guy, my heterosexual guy, oh, if I supposedly were some. And I came on here and talked about the all of these activities I participated in in college and athletics, et cetera, and so on in gym class and in wrestling class where I'm groping some guy's genitals down there. And grasping other was armpits and under his spectrum, all those other body parts. I'd be probably embarrassed to talk about that in detail, too. Real embarrassed. Now, somebody like Joe Costello on the other hand, who's a real balls on guy. Okay, let's leave him alone. Okay. He's already had enough pressure. Must rest. Protests, occupies, bushes sweet. We'll get to that. Let's take somebody's great calls because he's a mobile and ass on. Hello. I need you. I do it. Okay, sir. I don't call him next to the eye, man. I love you guys, Daniel. I was. What's going on with the boy? He wanted to get those guys after the season. How do you like that? He said get their dark black asses out of here, something like that. I was just slipping through. Next thing I know is get those asses out of the way. What the hell? Yeah. If it was porch muckies off my couch, you're something to that effect. That may be, you know, paraphrasing. And I go to the second eye and call him. I'm going to call him. I go away because he's a douchebag. Yeah, man. Go ahead. Oh, not on the ear, though. 560, 50560, Pont 560 on the AT&T line is they continue asking the musical question here in South Florida. Where are the fans? Not just the usual one. There's the Danny and Jimmy Crowe, the one-note Charlie's. But where are all the fans? Where are the living and breathing people? And she'd drive around down here. You're not just seeing just tons of living and breathing people? No, no. Last time I saw living and breathing people was this past weekend at the MGM granted Vegas in all over the city. Living and breathing people. There were old people, there were kids, there were people of all ages. But loads and loads and loads and loads. Scorts, gourds. Not that kind of load, well, guess so. Loads of living and breathing people. What a shock. And you want to know one of the reasons I had set one of many reasons I had such a great time. And Vegas, even though I left my usual contribution, is because Josh Friedman wasn't there. Oh! I may just do the next month. Every day may do an hour and a half son of a bitch, you know? Turned and walked away. He neglected to mention that he never mentioned my name. That anything to do with. Oh God! Just convening it with that out. Over the years I've said many, many times that I do believe it, just like that Jack asked Nelson, you know, from the airport that the parks from Toronto, do I care about people like that? No, I don't know them. So if you want to be rude, go right ahead, doesn't influence me in the least bit. But if it's somebody I like, somebody I respect, somebody I assume who likes me. And allegedly they are trying me, I have to raise four eyebrows about that. And assume that once again, Josh Friedman is just being Josh Friedman. Even asshole. Even asshole. The spies by all, if we took a poll in this building, it would be unanimous. Is there anybody this building could say anything good about this tub of large? No, no. Would anybody raise a whimper in protest and say, you're being a little bit tough on this big turd burger? No, nobody say that. No. Would any of the people over there at the panther at the macarina defend Josh Friedman? No. Say boy, we cheer like to see him again here every day. No. Practice him with a stupid tape recorder. No. No. How does this deal to be universally reviled by the entire real human race Josh Friedman? How does it feel besides fat and smelly? Twenty-four, eleven and five, sixty-wj QM, it's just a few way out of exploding balls. Today's broadcast is brought to you by you. Can clean the all-purpose cleaner. See this shirt? It's fussing clean. How nasty his carpet is thing? Well, just drop down to your knees. Use a little bit of elbow grease and clean it. Yes, you can clean anything. A clean your dog. Up, clean your silverware. I can clean your car. Pfft. Can clean everything you own. Get, can clean today. Come visit one of our eight second clean stores. Or look this up on the web. It's can clean.com and can clean it up. Sixteen-four, out of the five, sixty-wj QM, FBI agent charge in on ninety-five deaths. Oh! It's at their late-din never. Nearly two months after an FBI agent, nearly driving the wrong way in on ninety-five put into until two-lutter-heeled brothers, the broadcast data attorneys office finally yesterday, filed manslaughter and homicide charges against the agent. David Ferrell, thirty-six of coconut-crickets charge with two counts of vehicular homicide, two counts of driving under the influence slash manslaughter, and two counts of driving under the lawful bloodlucker-hole-level slash manslaughter. It's a financial-wise, I suppose, someone from the Brewer State Attorney's office. The charges include one count each for the death of brothers, Maurice Williams, 23, Craig, Chambers, nineteen. It's not interesting, by the way, how they tried to turn the tables around in the beginning and say the brothers were driving a wrong way, which they were not. Just covered up. Just get the big pair out there and try to get enough sand and crap to cover it up, but they couldn't do it this time. Protests occupies the governor's suite. What did he say? Those two spooks. Does that what he said? Get those spooks out of their asses out of here? Something like that. After fading into persuade governor Bush to back off his plan to wait a firm in a mansion, two black state legislator states in 1960's style, sitting on Tuesday night, taking over Bush's office suite and tell a hassy. With nine reporters and two capital security guards looking on, Senator Kendrick Meek and Representative Tony Hill were still camped out and Lieutenant Governor Frank Rogan's office in the governor suite 1130 last night, following they were just getting started. Meek was angered when he learned that Bush was cut on videotapes saying, kick their asses out. Your mark came after a news briefing. It wasn't clear who he was addressing, or whether he was referring to the legislators or reporters or both. Bush called WSPN channel 7 in Miami, which airs the tape and said the comment referred to the reporters in programs office. Can we believe that? No, I don't believe that. I mean, of course he's going to say that. He's going to pretend that because it's not politically correct to say get those spooks out of here. Get those clouts of those monkeys, those puns, those molys. Get them out of here. That's just not politically correct. Is it? No. For the governor of the state of Florida, I wouldn't be surprised very soon. If we joined Georgian South Carolina and have the rebel flag right up there with a guy named U.S. flag, I got to stay capital and tell a handsome. You believe it? Yeah, I believe it. And like I said, I'm vehemently opposed to a firm in the faction, but who he'd be kidding? Has this governor fooling anybody with a brain? No, no. What do you say get those nigger asses out of here? Whatever was he said? And it's something like that. Not really positive. Well, you say something like that. I have to really wonder about it. Just all kinds of crap. Visitions of Latin Grammy showed dim for South Florida. Wish we already pretty much were sure that weren't we? South Florida's hopes to win the first ever Latin Grammy Awards and internationally televised show that would have paid huge dividends for the entertainment industry in Broward County, appeared with all but faded. The National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences, which puts on a Grammy, announced today that CBS has been selected and televised the show in September. That decision will be announced in Los Angeles is telling because the announcement is using the main host city. They're going to be in Los Angeles. They got plenty of Julios out there, right? And do they care about alien and Los Angeles? No, no. Do they care about performers from Cuba performing out there? No, no. It says the county owned facility. The American Airlines arena, the Mickey Arena, can't be used in the Dade County because of a law and Dade barring the county from doing business with any group that includes representatives from Cuba. Oh, Grammy officials said they wouldn't organize the show in any city where Cuban musicians cannot participate. The National Cardiante Center in sunrise had emerged as an alternative, particularly because attendees could have been settled to post Grammy parties in Miami Beach, or out in Miami Beach offered generous incentives, but not enough to overcome the odds that are willing to offset the cost of cultural programs. So once again, the entire South Florida area suffers from the myopic hysteria of Dade County of those idiots who are running around going, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, nonstop to the detriment of all the rest of us. Pretty goddamn annoying. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let's get these phones spoken here this morning, boys and girls. Because then about a couple of minutes here, I'm going to have to start drinking my barium stuff, man. Oh, it's going to be delicious. What are you looking like that? There's only about a gallon of this, then I got to drink another one of three. And then another one, when I get there, and then they stick to iodine and the IV, you know, they look all around and see that. And by the way, it's only going to cost me because I don't have medical insurance. I have hospitalization. I'm not an employee here, so I have no medical insurance. And I can afford to pay for my prescriptions and stuff like that. It's only going to cost four grand for two x-rays today. How do you like that? Well, I'm just going to cost $1,000 for a couple of x-rays. You think it's going to cost them $4,000 to do it? No. That's medical care in America for your boys and girls. Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello. How come Neil? Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I was watching out of town seven, then Rick Sanchez trying to cover up for a... Hey, you're trying to cover up his white ass? Yeah, I doubt it. But anyway, for you go to doctor today, I don't say put on two gans, they don't have to see your butt, you know, but one arm back as well. Okay, great. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Booten Beach, hello. Hey, Neil, my first time calling. Yes, sir. Are you talking about that fat people earlier? Worst things we've done is be trapped in an elevator when an old person is sent. Yeah. When they got to fucking an elevator, they'll be delivered or stops. They should cut off. I had caught Neil and he had a with an old person for about a half an hour. And it was like hell. I mean, it's not anything worse than I like. Even the tow jam is bad enough to drive you out. Oh, yeah, especially the breath is like taking like Bruce Lee. It's like the worst is thing. Okay, go to it again. Speaking of old people by the way, so yesterday, I'm going home. And I feel which album getting off on Pine Out at 595. And there's two lanes to turn right. There's one that's backed up for everything. The middle lane, you can go straight or make her right. But there are two big signs there that say in the right, however, they are right hand laden. It says turn on right on right, on right allowed in this lane. And when the middle lane, it says no turn on right allowed in this lane, which makes sense because it never is when you have a middle lane, that you can make a right turn. You can't do it on right. There's a big sign to tell you that. And I hear I'm sitting there. I'm first in line. And the people of the right are making the right turn because they don't come in traffic. And I would like to go, but I'm not going to break the law. They're going to tick it because I'm in patient for 45 seconds. And can't wait for light to turn green. I hear a hunk behind me. And I take a look and hear this old geezer in his wife and his big white, some kind of Toyota back there. And I start getting very agitated. I rule the window that I says, you see the sign as whole. It says no turn from this lane on red. He opens up his way. Then it is like this. And he starts talking to Horn again. So finally, I made the turn. Even on a red light. I made the turn anyway. You didn't shoot him. You didn't pull out your gun. I wasn't thinking about it. But the best news is, but I have him. I left the road. He'd then your wife somebody else on him. Look at him in the rear view mirror. And he starts pulling over in the middle lane. The only problem is there's somebody else there already. This man was 175 easy. And his wife, she looked, and looked to me like she must have died 20 years ago. He just had the body like an entity perkins. He just had the body hanging around just to keep in company because nobody. It's kind of like a Josh Friedman thing. Nobody else would get near him. So we had a dead body sitting in the past year seat. That's what he looked like. Like she belonged in a mortuary. And he's, I hate to break the news to you asshole. But you should get off the road. Park it and throw it to keys. Walk. Get the walk around and get out of our face. Get off the road. It's people like you that across the rest of us to get killed. You all disgusting. Slob you. Make it up a big note. Like this. And of course, could he read the sign? Probably could even see the guy damn sign. Oh. Probably got a 20 year renewal in the mail from the state of Florida. How come none of these? Oh, I see. Here's a mobile in coconut creek. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Let's talk about some important. Yes. Have you seen the show lately? No. I don't think he's on anymore. And I heard a rumor. Sir. We dispel that rumor yesterday. Anyway, okay. I didn't hear the show yesterday. Just another internet rumor. Okay. He didn't dress up as an offloader of our metva. MTV hasn't canceled the show. He never stole a freight train. And Tom Green is alive and well. Can't you? Yeah. And maybe the show is on hiatus or whatever. But there's no problem. You're good. I've got to get a night of sunset today. No. And well, you hear it because this is what happens with these internet rumors. Some little geek starts this crap and right away it's all over the internet. And people are spreading the rumors and it's just another bunch of crap. Tell me that wouldn't have been funny. Yeah. I wouldn't have been pretty good. What do you do it? I don't think. No thanks. Okay. Well, it's going to be something here today. I'll take it then. I'm going to drink this stuff right now. Mom's supposed to. 560-50560-5560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. I was wondering. Are you familiar with on the internet site called the link up? No. It's not a computer nerd. I don't know. Well, this one you got to check out. If you go to www.thelinkup.com. Yeah. Someone has indexed every clergy crime all over the world. All right. Every single crime for not only pedophile, but also rip off. You know, money. I mean, you. Right. You have to see this site. Like I suppose you're running west coast. Okay. Every news report, every police report. It's in thousands and thousands. What's going to be addressed again? It's called www.thelinkup. The link up. The link up. Yeah. And then, swish. CRIM. INDEX.H. I'm never going to get all that. Oh, you got to check. Somebody will have to pack that over. You got to see this site. I'm talking thousands and thousands of reports of. Of all my clients. Incident. All right. You can imagine. Someone really did a great job on that. And it's constantly updated. You can go back through the archives for like years and seem like. Well, you name it. There. Okay. Check it out. Somebody will have to ask it to me because I'm too lazy to do it. Thank you, sir. Okay. Some more isolated incidents for it. Research. 1056, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Where are the fans? Where are the colors? Where are the living and breathing people? The search parties that are out here today? Let's get the search party out. Oh, God. It's almost time to start drinking. It's good stuff. Man, I can't wait. Huh? And this is all I can have today, by the way. Because I could have beaten up to 11 o'clock. Did I take advantage of that opportunity? Oh, because I figured it's another good use to fast. That's going to be my new dad. I'm just going to fast. I'm going to do him a hot McGonby diet. So I have to worry about carbs. Then I have to worry about calories. Huh? What's wrong with that? No, you can fast for a firm of action. Have the hunger strike. I can go there and sit in here. Get that. Get those facts out of here. Yeah. You could do a hunger strike for the other side. 1056, 560, QN. Only one sub-floor to radio station has a hammer. And you are listening to me. Hey, over. We've got to happen in the two sports radio 560, QAM. 480, how much is this? 580, how much is this? 580, how much is this? 580, how much is this? 580, how much is this? 1, 2, 3. I made a few college and average this week. I have a lot of money. But not much of a brain. That's the reason most of you voters who were just using laying. But I could say, one thing that you've came. 980 is the next presence that you've got money. 380, how much is this? 980, how much is this? NO. 11stalkves, wow! 1080, what will you give us? 180, how much does this work offer? 670, $ biblical one a hundred bucks per week. • 980, how much does this work offer? 480 at the end? 580 look at this. 180 and a hundred bucks per week. 780, how much does this work offer with values? That is clearly a fun to laugh. I don't think I laughed at that. From members of both, board George Bush and those of you who don't, you can kiss my touch. You see what matters to me about the presidency. Is that a makes a nice conversation thing? I'm the king of denial too. I have no problems lying to you. So why is it so important for you to know whether or not I get blow? A little bit of cocaine, a man knows, a little bit of tooth, a little blow. I'm gonna make it out of the internet. You all packed. It's happening up to 10, it's a great chance. You can. It's a lot of 0.256, you're welcome to QMH, I'll be your chulos today at 2 and the guilty on game night, 6 o'clock tonight. This we got the catch at the pan. This one we're going to tell you, does this stuff taste good or what? Oh, a barrier in the animal through your pussy was straw. Oh my god, all I can say is, Barrow cat, Barrier myself, dates is tension, but of course to make it taste all that much better than that in Citric acid flavor. Artificial sweetener too. Does that make it taste good? Oh, tastes like Schmidt. Oh man, I'm looking at the, say how much is left in here. And there's still like about a third of it left. You turned. Wow. And then I got to drink another one of these at three and then another one at four thirty when I go in here, they prepare me to stick my, the eye out into my thing and then look around and look around and I just know for $4,000 they better find something like maybe a 20 pound tumor or anything, you know. I'm going to take a this phone and this doesn't look too promising today. Let me just check these out. Okay, not that I'm paranoid. I just want to make damn sure that these might be working to do. Okay, because it doesn't look like we got the, how about mine? I don't know if you have to make that. Since yesterday, we're just still, uh, kind of like half and half. Five, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. We've got 75 minute open line here today. We're looking for the living and breathing. We can't see the fight of here's Palm Beach, hello. Hey Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. I don't know if you have the sun's second one. I got it. And pay the 18A inside the opinion page. Did you see that today? What? It's about Ellie on account of on the $20 bill. And there's why stop at near citizenship. It's got Ellie and Gettin' Zahal is in the center of a $20 bill. 18A in the front in the front. Oh yeah, there it is. Why stop at Veracet in ship? This is a lowest carton in the, yeah. Isn't that unbelievable? That's cute. I'm moving out of the goddamn country. Okay, good luck, Palavar. I'll see you. I'll see you at the very minute of a place. I think I'd rather have a very minute of a drink this crap. I'll tell you that. Excuse me. Hmm. Oh man, is that good smitter? What, huh? Wow. How in the world are you supposed to be able to drink this crap? 567. 0560. Pound 560. Oh, oh. On the 18T wireless line, here's Miami. Hello. Hey, new. Yes, sir. I'm pretty amazed you're actually able to talk after drinking that stuff. Have you ever had it? Yes, sir. I've had a team that says you had. Oh, but do you know that once you go take the test, you're going to stick the same stuff in your rear. In your rear and in your rear and in your intestines. Really? With the same liquid and you're going to feel like you're going to explode. You're going to have to hold it. Why? I'll have to be a lot of fun at that hockey game tonight. Wow. So I'd like to back you really sympathize for you. You need. Thanks for the good news. Good luck. Thanks for the warning. How do you like that? Anybody else out there ever have any of this very uncrap? And though, they're going to stick it in my mind. Go. I'm going to have it from head to toe. I'm going to be the truck man. Could even with some of those vats into the hockey game in my section. But I'll tell you that. Stay there all the way. Oh. Man, is this the elicious or what? It is. Test. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pond it. Let's go back to some doctor talk. Last week they looked in my rectum. Down my stomach and didn't find a guy damn thing. And to be honest with you, Sunday is I feel like it's all gone away. And another day is to make some comeback. And then I got this cold sore that I think really had more to do with my chatlips from Vegas than anything else. It's called getting old and sick is what it's called. It's called being a walking wreck. I think maybe it's just a QAM disease. You think that might be it? Uh-huh. Because I felt pretty good yesterday. And after one day back here, all of a sudden, I haven't a relapse. Or maybe that was because of Josh Friedman. He could do it. He's a killer. That's what somebody told me. I don't want to mention any names on the ear. Here's a call from Jacksonville. Hello. The Jaguars who beat the dolphin 62 to 7 on Saturday. That's right, baby. Yes, sir. Nice going, pal. Long time no see. For example. And to a man great job. Thank you very much. Give me sexual excitement to see that. I like to think I had a big part in that one. What I didn't mean. You know, I'm listening up in Jacksonville on the internet. Right. And I got to say I'm wasting my precious internet time on these callers. I vote for no call. Ha ha ha ha ha. And I hope you're wrecked. I'm okay. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. Back to my rectum is okay. All the way. Did one time have that bruised record. Remember that? Oh, that was bad. No, it's my guts that I'm worried about. Like, but, you know, it's all around here. But this thing moves around. It's here. It's there. It's all over the place. And doctors can they diagnose anything? Oh, no. Maybe for a million dollars. They might diagnose something that I doubted. They do blood test. They look in your ear. They look in your ear. They look all over the place. And then, of course, the stool samples don't forget about that. Since I can't eat today. Why should the rest of you have an appetite? Let's talk about those stool samples. They were lovely. They were beautiful. Were there anything on this in the blood sample? No. Yeah. Stools samples. No. My stool was as pure as the fallen snow as I resope. Which is comforting to know. You have to fill up all those tubes in the ishmirate on those things. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60. And of course, this is your God. He works in mysterious ways. You do understand that. Don't you? This is the Lord. He's sending a message. Here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale. Hello. May I have a water? Okay, sir. Well, you're lying really early. And he have never been to this quicken-hine. I got her light. There's nothing going on today. She's the least. I don't know. They're all in mourning now. Don't you understand? They can't do a reality. I got a couple things. I'm going to shift gears. They're the first all thing in the doctor thing. I had a bad thought of kidney stones before. Yeah. They stick a tube in the front of you. Not in the back of you. If you go up and check around up in there. Right. I guess they call the catheter. They think they can go up. Oh, God. They knocked his toe down out of the way. Let me tell you. That's not the weird little drink in the bearing. He has nothing compared to what you got to go through for that. Yeah. Like I said, I want to shift gears. I just wrote through, um, how do you say, a non-popation neighborhood? The politically correct? Yeah. Cool neighborhood. And gas prices were about 10 to 12 cents a gallon higher in those neighborhoods. Oh, sure. And if you go into this store, they're like a convenience store. And if you go into this store, they're like, I mean, I don't think that's the same thing every animal would be like 510-15% higher. Well, you know, just to show you what I'm talking about. I had to stop you gasing, not a little bit scared of my life. I got in there. I thought of the mountain. This is all part of the new, uh, the governor's new, uh, Gowg, the COOM program. Anyway, go ahead. I went and I bought one of those 20 ounce mountain dudes, which of course is loaded with a king, which is the worst thing you've ever had for getting some of what I did at any way. Normally, I pay 99 cents for those. You're not going to qualify for tax whatever. It was a dollar and 27 cents. I don't think I have a crap about that, but it's just a simple matter of the fact that why is it that in these neighborhoods that are a little less time? You know, we said to start with one of these are so much more friends. Like I said, it's good. Bush is, uh, refoff the Adarkey program. A broker bread was 225 in this place, Neil. Use. 225. And what do I have? I wonder why those people are knocking off for convenience stores and gas stations? Absolutely unheard of. Here are the pretended to, you know, so they can feed their crack problem. Oh, it is. Right. One more quick question. I'm not going to say the name of the gas station. I want to put anyone down, but you drive by and you see the, uh, uh, gas station of big chains and at the dollar 41, you drive two blocks down the road. The same brand gas station. It's a dollar 33. In the same neighborhood. How can they, you know, is it a chain? I don't know. I've got to hurry up. I've got to hurry up. Unless you want your kidney stones to come back. Stay out of the hood. You got to buddy. I'm here. Yeah. Governor Bush is interested to do his new ripoff the poor smokey program. It seems to be working very effectively. Five, six, seven, five, six. You get the rasters out of here. Ha ha ha ha ha. I sure hope you had a chance to see that on channel seven. I was very, very lucky. See, I watched seven in the morning because four and I always go to that Brian Gumball thing. They have their local news anymore, which is a total waste. And they got all these networks shows on here. I want to see what's going on right here. I want to see all the good crap, all the bodies and that stuff. Oh, and by the way, speaking of bodies, you see the thing all the TV shows were shown last night because they've got it that video. From when they busted the swing clubs and they got the video. The surveillance video, which is very like he was, you know, somebody was telling me about that. Yeah, it's not a new bus. They just have the video from the old bus. Right. Okay. But nevertheless, I mean, there's some parts in there somewhere and they're showing it on there. I guess because it's easy in whatever it's what makes it okay. I want to know who the female cop is that dot naked is part of the undercover. Oh, well, she got a lot over her head. She looks like she belongs in Iraq. She has a rack. Good place for her. 10 past 11 at 5. 60 W to Q. The sports leaders, sports radio 5. 60. Q. A. M. Hi, this is Paul Oslo, the Florida Panthers, Jerusalem and Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 5. 16. Oh, right. Well, he's a taller, happy, nasty. Oh, we got the naughty, from a daddy. Oh, and it's like that my little granny. Oh, she's an agenda that's crappy. Oh, well he's a taller, happy, nasty. No, but they are fell in. Well, he's a president, and he's a son who doesn't have to run. No one else is gone already. He might as well just go right in. She's high. She's high. She's high. She's high. She has a golden spoon. He was born with up his eyes. So look out on you, Jews. Get ready for the gas. He's a taller, happy, nasty. Oh, he'll give our fiddle right so, happy. Oh, I think the taller has me, nasty. Love of a baby, lay. Well, he's a very wealthy dude. With very bad shoes. Who never paid the Jews? I think he'll always prove. She's high. She's high. She's high. She's high. And he's smart with that race against Buddy, but K-Wild, you think they call it silver. The Tory line is right. He's a taller, happy, nasty. Oh, he'll give me the cake, they can't have me. Oh, yeah, he's a taller, happy, nasty. So, but better than I am. Come on, let's do this. Get their spooky ass and got it, come on. Come on, let's do this. 11.16 at 5.50, WQM 5.60, 705. 60 by the way, it'd be very proud of me. I finished my first container row. The Tory line of the two of them off whatever that stuff is with the straw. And it was the Alicia. Oh, man. Here's the mobile and hollywood, hello. Hey, now, how you doing? Okay. I wanted to call about why people are coming to the Panther in the heat game. I've been here. And I believe it's because they priced them out of the market. Is that it? It costs too much. Yeah. Yeah. I've reached for work in person. Just can't afford to go anymore. With all the caught parking and ticket prices and the... Well, let me ask you this question. I mean, the only raise the prices are very small amount this year. And how come last year? I know it was the novelty of a new building. But how come we had so many sell outs last year? Gene after Game After Game. And a lot of games there was 17, 18,000. And this year is like Death Valley Days. Well, you're making good point. I don't know the answer to that one. It just seems to me that... In addition to which the thing I find bizarre is that last year, the team really was pretty boring and had a very bad year. Mr. Playoffs again. And this year we got one of the two hottest teams in league going right now. And nobody gives a cramp. Yeah. Well, you know, how the fans around here are, they're front running their, you know, jump on the bandwagon. They can't handle success. For the life of me, the heat thing just amazes me because at least the Panthers are even on a bad night. You know, it doesn't look that bad in there. But watching that thing last night. I, I bet you there weren't half the seats filled. Even at the height of the crowd or whatever it was, you know, half of the seats were empty. Well, it was to go to the balls if you can't see Michael and Scotty and all the rings, you know. Yeah, but that's a pretty sad commentary that, you know, people pick and choose what teams they want to go to see instead of going to see the home team. Well, you know, how just down here, there's more New York fans back here than there are many fans. Yeah. Also, I, well, we can talk about the 50 Washington cast fans you want up tonight. For sure. Get out of the sympathize with your, your procedure this afternoon. Yeah. I had a similar thing where you have to drink a gallon of stuff to flush out and go in and they put a little tube in the other end and pump you fall and take a picture. It's no fun. Well, I said, it was going to put a tube in my back and pump it for all or that stuff. I'm not sure because you're drinking stuff. You're drinking the barium sulfate. See, when I had it, I had to drink the, there was like a, it was like a, a laxative solution. Yeah. I'm going to say more completely clean me out. Well, they should have a couple of years ago and you know, technology in the area. Yeah. Yeah. It's amazing where they stick it now. They're always sticking away to torture. You know, those doctors, you know, they love to watch your squirm. Well, I'm going to try to hold it and save it to the high. Yeah. And just just having to give you something nice, you know, the little, little volume. Oh, well, they don't, they don't, this is just an x-ray. They don't do it, not get out for this. Well, hopefully not then because one that I had, well, I tell you what, it was not fun. Okay. All right, sir. Looking forward to it. Thanks a lot, Bell. Okay. There sounds like some encouragement there, huh? It's going to be bad. It's going to be bad for a cat scan. I had a cat scan in my brain just like Greg Reed did all or at least they found one in my head. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's homestead. Hello. Good morning, sir. How are you? Okay. A couple of things. One, my wife, she works in the medical field. She heard you mention your MRI and the cost. If you don't have insurance, don't even hesitate to ask for a discount. Because these HMOs have driven the, to ask for a discount, they've based on what? My good looks are, because you're paying cash. If they do insurance company or an HMO, they're going to collect maybe 1500 bucks. Top. Right. Out of 4,000? Yes. If that. So why are they soaking me for a grant? It's because they can't. Because they can't. Because I got my big spender in a big shot. Well, no, because if you're willing to pay it, they're willing to charge it. I see. See, the Medicare rates of where they're set. If they say they'll pay 50% up to, say, $1,300. Of any procedure, so they've billeted $5,6,8,10,000. They still get $1,300. Oh, that's a great scan. And it's the federal government file. That's where they set it up. And they all eat the most of the phones. I would, it seemed to me since I got 50 different doctors going now. The one of my doctors would have arranged since he arranged for this thing to be done there in the hospital in the hospital in the hospital in the hospital. He would have arranged for, you know, since he knows I have no insurance and I'm paying cash, even a big shooter like me, he would have saved me some money. Why would he do that? And that's a good point. He won't be quite as he cared. Two other things real quick. Thank you. Anchor deemed himself yesterday. On one. He trashed. Thirdly trashed. One of the ex coaches of one of the Miami teams. And accused him of ruining the team and all this other stuff. What? The ex coaches? Yeah, the big ex coach. Not Jimmy. Yeah, I don't want to show you. That's not what I heard when I was driving home yesterday. He was, he was fawning over. When a great three years we had it on a personal level. I like going out and getting a beer and he was great. He was a lot of fun. I think you're that fun. And I thought to myself, that's all fine personal. But my comment about business. I don't care about what the guy's like personally. The business. He accused him of personally ruining the offensive team. Really? Yeah. I've gone air, however. On 30s, pain. I must have got a chance. I was running. Yes sir. 30s, my couldn't stand the listening to channel force. We had the TV on and we put on on the radio. Managed is the best. He is. Man, you ought to listen to the tape at that game just to get the manager. Yeah. You could do a CD on drops of his. I agree. The crappy pulled on it. Okay. All right man. Thanks for the good news. Sir. Okay. I'm going in there. I want to discount. I want to big discount. I'm a hospitalist. I've done a lot of protests. I'm a spit out the crap. I'm a squat right there and dump it all out.راhn discomfort beneath the inside. Hey buddy. That's all. Here on the street. Plوت that the hospital went into the你们. . A hundred! So that's just you feel yourself up? A hundred! You feel yourself up. A hundred! So this is the 90 feet. To where all of this Advice was gone right. a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. The Edkins died. I went on about three years ago in large 40 pounds. Yes. And I've heard you since then say how it stopped working for you. Yeah. And well, I gained about 10 pounds over the holidays and it stopped working for me too. So the doctor's changing about that in his book, the phenomena. That it stops working. Yeah. That it just. Oh, okay. He claims that he goes to plant toes. You don't even have to keep with it in a little kick in again. I don't know. It's just nothing for me. Ed, I can't do anything since the first of the year. I've been trying to lose the 10 pounds and I haven't done a thing. I've been being made myself real good. Yeah. All right. See it to game. I was prepared for a couple of these tests. I'm having you lose weight like crazy. No thanks. Okay. See you tonight. I'll be there. I'll be the one Russian outfit. Very amol over the place. Five six and in fact, that's what somebody said to me yesterday. If you see Josh Friedman, Buryum. Five six, seven, five sixy, pop. Sixy, the unheated D. Wireless line. 877, 785, 63, 45. Got a real lackluster or response here today. I'll tell you. Really lackluster week. I don't have price to saw all of this time. I got more guy than excuses and Carter's got pills. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. I guess I have a comment to say if any key player is listening to this show. Yes. I am so glad that we have a real team in the Panthers to watch. This is incredible. We have no team. They all do the same. I'm just expecting the Panthers to do the same. Anyone in the high hope? They don't know. What does that mean? I mean, they all do the same. I don't understand. They are all up at the top at one point and then booth. They go back down. Yeah. I don't see the Panthers going back down anywhere. I have no to go back down. Yes. I have no. I mean, That's a hot team to watch right now. I really enjoy them. Right. Well, folks see the game tonight. Okay, I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there. I'll be there to do one, I'll bring it on the structure. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. I think the message I'm getting here is that you have to win or if you really start sticking to join out, we don't want to come and see you. Is that the message we're getting? I kind of think so especially those prices may be. I don't I don't know. I have a tough time buying it. I mean, the prices are steep and the food is overpriced and it stinks like crap that food in there but this, like I said yesterday, don't buy the food. But how much better of a product? How much more excitement can you ask them what's going on there in America? And they still, just it's basically predictable to same miserable turnout. Night after night, let me say it again. The worst of the six division leaders in a whole league and in the bottom half of the entirely. This poor, I think, is the expression I'd be looking forward to describing it. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, how are you? Okay, I guess, for if any of what a good hockey fan is. My daughter married a Canadian a number of years ago, that's why I had to run though. I spoke to my nine-year-old grandson right after Christmas week, what you do. I went with daddy to Long Island by Kali, watched Toronto Island. I couldn't understand it. If the talk is when I got my daughter on the phone, what is this? You can't get tickets for the Toronto game. Whatever the make-up, whatever the stadium is called, whatever the arena is called, and I think that really shows the fan, he drove the Long Island to watch what Toronto make-up at least. Yeah. And there's just the idea, you'll never find anyone here even traveling to Tampa for I'll need to watch the fan. They won't travel from Canwood to sunrise to walk. That's right. I had to get about to arrive into the Long Island or Toronto. Do you? Well, they did expect some nice or whatever there, but let me ask you, is that possible? They can't get tickets for the Toronto game? No, but it was your channel is in Long Island. The Islanders don't draw flies. No, no, no, no. I was saying to go to Toronto, they have standing room only every home game. Yeah, I'm telling you. I couldn't believe it. The capacity to their Canada Center is 18,800. Every game you'll see the attendance, 18, 9, 50, 9, 20. There's standing room only. Yeah, well, that speaks good for a good hockey tower. For a real city, that's correct. Yeah, I think so. Okay, good talking to you. See you there. See you at T-O. In fact, it wasn't a Toronto this past weekend. Oh, it looked awfully much like Vegas, but maybe it was that weather. 27 passed 11 to 5 and 60 WQM. Hey, Captain, no, this car already has been some of last weekend. Weeknight, only on sports radio 5.6, you A-L. Florida sucks. A-4 years, you tell you people have been known for a few things. Goblin, your shoe is making threatening phone calls when you're bound to check in a family restaurant and grabbing little public to come alive, turning in a little boy singing, A-Goblin's string is on me. But recently, they've discovered a secret to nice, hard crunchies for daddy. When you boy or a married party gets off the mushy, but Barilla always cooks up albante, which is Italian for, well, technically it's some kind of term, I don't know. But if your pasta is not albante, then it's not Barilla. 40 years, I've been rolling my own pasta, but now with the advent of Barilla, I can't chill the don't even come over any more. A tradition passed down from generation to generation. Made of the finest shut up your face. When I find it the suit as I thought a part of my family, I'll make a full cause of my cousin's couldn't gile, and Mr. Barilla, or whatever his name is, will fight give himself in the talk of a leak. That's through a pasta. The toy song. I did tell you very loud. It's 130 to a 5.60 WQA. There's a fax from unsigned, but nevertheless. I'm a who-talkie fan that hates going to the games because of the atmosphere. When you're surrounded by people who think it or Florence means go block off an intersection, and you have to listen to people who know nothing about hockey going pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, very well written by the WC, it is less enjoyable. I'd rather watch games than my mini dish or another city while I'm traveling, at least when I'm watching my hockey package at home. Some idiot wants Bill of $6 beer on me while lunging for a $5 t-shirt. Very good points, you're assigned a loyal ranger's fan with 49 years of support to go before the next cup, and you're probably right about that. There are a lot of reasons to stay away, and I'm annoyed by the assels that stand up in front of you and hold their kids up on their shoulders, and do everything and then the drunk who was sitting there, bosso, Billy, I all the other night. And then the two jerks that were sitting behind me, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, as loud as they could talk about nothing that had to do with what was going on there. So maybe it's just that no matter what they do, I just, unless it's the playoffs, unless it's some special species hype event. I just don't think you're going to get all that many more people. I think what you see is what you got. Here's Miami, hello. Yes sir. What time is your test? What time? Yes. Five. Well, you know you're going to be on the cup for about an hour afterwards. I'm going to save it for the game, I think. I'll really, they give you that, and they give it to you in the... They give you that. Very much so sir. Wow. And you're going to have to hold it for about 45 minutes. No. Yes sir. What do you mean hold it for 45 minutes? Well, they need to liquid in there while I take the pictures. Well, how do you do that? Well, you squeeze your cheeks as hard as you can. Oh my god. Well, I always do that. Good luck. Okay. Thanks. Oh man. This sounds like it's going to be a lot more fun than I bargained for. I thought it was just going to be a quick, you know, so to speak. Instead. It's going to be more like that. 560, 0560, pound five 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. I don't think they're really looking for anything at all when they do these tests. They're just having fun poking around with your body. Here's Davey. Hello. Hi, I'll go be. Yes sir. Listen to it for 15 years. I love your show, you're the bat. Yes sir. I'm calling from Davey and I was, well, I was on hold. I was thinking, my god, what are we going to do? And somebody actually that lived in Davey called Danny calls. Name Danny calls from Davey. Danny from Davey. And then what I talked about Danny and Davey. And how about Danny and Dennis? There you go. I've heard you before I looked at about, uh, talking about Godfather's pizza. And I saw one was opening up. Now the head by the head station, we keep hearing all the threats on Davey Road or extension, I believe. It just fell to 595. Right. Yeah. Is it open yet? I don't think so. Yeah, because I figured just after I squished up my hearing a minimum because I want to be able to eat all day would be great to make a quick but pit stop at the odd fathers. Perfect. Yeah. I'm thinking to keep your cheeks lighter than a frog. That's a good one. What a incredible. Unbelievable. Right. Here I was anticipating a piece of cake so to speak. And it sounds to me like it's going to be worst in last week when at least they put you out. It's a cake. Sounds like more like icing. Right. Frosting. There you go. Okay. Thanks. 65,000 open lines on the board here today. They're very, very, I don't know what it is. It's like at the games. I'm still shocked at that thing with a he came last night. Anybody see that thing? Was anybody there? No. Probably not. Nobody there. I mean nothing. And to think of all the expense, all the money that's wasted building is got there. Marina, so that a rich guy can get richer. So we're getting more sky boxes and more club seats and soak the corporations all that big money. So they can get, that's all that's all about. The rest of the people, that's what that's the message. And they're kind of like back, I guess, although somebody bought all those tickets. And that's another thing. If everybody saw upset about the guy named Price tag of the tickets, how come they're selling all those tickets? And nobody's showing up at those games. Maybe they're afraid they're going to go there to the new, Mickey Arena and somebody's going to be outside. I go like that. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Let me tell you something about that. Barry and Emma. Yeah. Be sure you put a power in the ceiling of that. Yeah. Oh my god. It's unbelievable. When and doubt it seems right out. Well, if you're not careful, have radioactive shorts. And whatever you do, don't felt because that screen can flow both ways. And make it sh** great. All right. How's it? As far as the MRI goes, you know, most of these hospitals, least these things from G or Siemens, or Toshiba, and they get big money for it. And they're trying to get as much money as they can to meet the monthly nut on those and they're trying to get as much money. So if you're in a trailer, if the skin MRI is on a trailer, they'll usually deal with the fixed building and put it in. They usually try to get as much as they can. Nice. Oh, yeah, fun. Okay. Thanks. So the rest of you, anybody who ever has one of these sets, you owe me a dead aggraditude because I'm going to help pay a nice track out of my own pocket, haven't any? Is what it sounds like? Is the sucker is born every minute? Five, six, seven, five, sixty. There's just vanishes in my imagination, just like died. What was that? I got to cranked up all the way now. Is somebody potsking around with the levels in the overhead in the other studio? And how come everything that goes on in here is like, we're depending on somebody screwing around on the other room over there? Well, like, steps, children in here. Huh? Nothing happened to you. It just kind of like dying on its own? Okay. Well, I got to cry. Oh, geez. Here's Cooper City. Hello. Hello. What just happened? Are we out of business again here with this studio? Cooper City's gone. Let's try Hollywood. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. Last week, the Kansas Legislature passed the bill, banning evolution in talking schools. Only creation is a movie clock. By the vote was passed by a 16 vote majority. Yeah. Thank God for the ACLU. They're taking them to the spring court. Because the state cannot interfere with what is being caught. The school state investigating Bible history courses in 14 districts are got from page 13 being a hero this morning right here in Florida. Well, okay. These born again are crazy. Absolutely correct, sir. I would put them on an island and then sink the island. Okay. Have a nice day. Back to your fantasy island sounds good to me. Two schools in Mary and Levy County's in an exam on one Corinthians ask, why is it hard for a non-Christian to understand things about God? A lesson on John eight used in Levy County, Levy County, Levy sounds Jewish. Oh, who according to Jesus is the father of the Jews and the answer to the devil? And they're teaching that in the schools in Florida. How do you like that? Hey, get those smokes out of here. Come and get the rest. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line 877-775-63345. All over the world. Sports for you. 5, 60, QAM. Clear Rogers. Ah. Find you pay for a lot of extras when you fly with most airlines. Like Tortris headsets. Watered down drinks and discertious service. Well, we here at Catalkar Carrier have eliminated all of those costly frills to bring you the lowest air pairs in the history of aviation. Fly to your upper left and $10 or cross country for just a dollar 49 restrictions apply. Fly a first-class service for interior accommodations. Business class and ride with the luggage oxygen-exra. Or fly economy and know the thrill of the jet stream in your hands. Come, come, carry to the... We're just a cheap bag. Catalkar Carrier. We're cheap because you are. 60, 10, 12 was just in your for a second. I said, what's wrong with that Josh stream? And he said, he's an asshole. Oh, that explains it. That's what he said. Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T line. Are we going to get some response here today or what? Oh, what about is it? It's the same thing with the ball games. Everybody must be gone. Is that what the deal is? Oh, everybody's got to be out of town. My time I checked that big holiday was over with. I don't get it. Feel like I'm doing a show in a vacuum here today. And all I'm hearing about is, oh, you better hold your teach real tight because it's a score. Score it come up for and out of there. And your core fate is going to be like drowning in barrier. I don't think so. I think the reason I have you drink all this stuff now is in lieu of what they used to call the Rectom very amenema in lieu of. Isn't it? I hope. Because I just can't envision myself laying there on a damn thing for 45 minutes, squeezing my cheeks real tight. So it'll come like pouring out. Doesn't sound like my idea for really great time. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, no, no, no, no. Okay, sir. Yeah, it sounds like maybe you're just going to go through an upper GI study. No. It's not a pretty much a nominal and it's not a project. It's an abdominal CAT scan and a pelvic. Oh, okay. Well, in any case, that's nothing to reason I call it anyway. On back on the third child, short, short announced his retirement, but evidently he must have done a Jimmy Johnson, because I hadn't looked at the comics until yesterday, and there's peanuts in there again. Yeah, but there are probably all ones that are rebounds. Oh, it's got the dates the dates on it are for the 18th and the 19th. How is that possible? I don't know. You can fold the Jimmy Johnson somebody. They had a big, uh, to do about it. I know. I know that it was ever going to be seen and everybody better gotten by 20 copies of the paper. Yeah, I got a copy here. I say this for you. Right. Now you got scan, man. I'm wondering how much how many more I missed. You know, there's probably millions of Americans. I've got that big suit of addition and they might as well as shot Canon. Yeah, because there's either the ones from yesterday and today. I don't know if there's been one before that or not. Why, what? What happens? I know really. Probably they've once had that time to do with it. Yeah, but then we can. Or we, okay, thanks. Okay, thank you. Five, six, seven, five, six. You come on. Let's all get sick together. Let's all go to the hospital. Hang out. What do you say? Oh, huh. And pay them for very expensive, expensive, uh, intrusive procedures, which they love doing. See, one thing if you got like a viral infection. Doctors that have no idea what that is because they don't know how to diagnose it. They have no way of tracing it doesn't show up in your blood test. It doesn't show up in your back. Go. You're stuck with anything. And maybe that's what this is. And maybe it's not, but it's your bit of lingering, lingering for a whole long time. Here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale. Hello. Yeah, hello, Mell. Yes, sir. Yeah, I've had the same problem with the actings that you do. It keeps my sugar down, but I don't lose any weight. Right? Maybe I can, maybe I can give you some information. It might help you. The, uh, those silly and laxatives that you take. And I mean, that I was taking also our loaded with carbs. Really? All the ones I've ever checked, the regular metamusyl has 11 grams of carbohydrates. By the way, I never took metamusyl. Well, all of them do. I mean, all the silly them that I've ever checked because it's carbohydrate, basically. Uh, it came down to a choice with me between being able to go the bathroom good and lose weight. And to tell you the truth about that. I never, you'd rather go to the bathroom, yeah. Well, I mean, too. When I doubt it, rather empty it up. One thing you can do, try and get down to the minimum of it. And then don't, don't, uh, take in any other carbs, other than that. And, uh, it does work still, but it's much slower because of the silly. I'm right. Okay. All right. Thanks. Mm-hmm. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I think that would really work great for everybody. Okay. You want to lose some real weight. I'm not talking about getting prepping for X-ray. I'm just talking about drinking as crap just on a regular basis. If you were on a straight diet of this, believe you me. You wouldn't be inviting too much if you catch my drift. You'd be like, ah, a little sip here, little sip there. No thanks. I'll pass. I'll skip this meal. Thank you. I thought that was pretty ballsier, but to say about Josh Friedman. He's an asshole. And he said it would be allowed to. They could hear like all up and down the hall. Here's all color red, yellow. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Listen to you for a while, great show. Yes, sir. Great idea for John Hunter to win over a few more of Julios. Yeah. Name it, Julion Stadium. Uh-huh. One more thing. Could you play the Monica number five, please? I must be crazy. I must be nuts. What is it? Monica number five. Okay. Thank you. See you. Bye. What is it, George? What's Monica number five? No, a Clinton thing. We have it. Monica number five? I don't know if it's the year yet. Is that what it's called? Monica Mombo number five or something like that. But it's not in here. What are you looking at? It's not in there. Well, my to be. But it's probably I want to be. I don't know. I'll find it. And maybe not. I'll, in fact, that'll keep you. I'm listening. I don't know. I'll be searching for it. And maybe not. I'll, in fact, that'll keep you listening because I'll be searching for it. And the bit too. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Anybody want to come by and see my big thing, my herpy on my upper lip? Yeah, I'm just falling apart of this scene. That's what's happened when you're fat and you're old and you're out of shape. And you're eating all the wrong crap and sucking up all that fish food and stuff. That's what happens to you. Start falling apart. It's called being a dottering old man. Which is perfect for living in Florida. Here's Miramar, hello. Yes, sir. Yes, that's one of the last meal about the statement that kind of hurt the tail end of the statement that the government made. The government made about get those cool those two cool glasses on here. Yeah. And that was pretty gross. That wasn't. Okay. Now, I didn't really, I haven't really seen anything or a definite on it on the news. But was he talking to the representatives or was he talking to the news? Well, he tried to cover his little, why did I ask he called channel 70. So I was talking about the media people, not those two cool, I mean those two black guys in there. And we all know what he was talking about. Right. Because he said get those two spoke asses out of something like that. He just did his brother in. Good. Excellent. That'll be the end of the two wishes. That, thanks a lot. All right. I think they call it the burning bush today. Right. Thanks for the good news, pal. Yeah, get those two sparklers. I asked his out of here. Something like that. I'm even paraphrasing. I'll say it again. He really is some, and when you look at him, he's got that, that hostile land just like his brother, two by the way. Short fuse, ill tempered, ill prepared for any guy named Robin public service with absolutely no qualification whatsoever other than his name is Bush. And we have a, especially the men in this country with this morbid obsession with Bush. Not this kid. In fact, I'm surprised I didn't vote for Nixon because his name was. He's a mobile in Washington. Hello. Hey, you. How are you doing? Good. Listen, I've been a long time listener, but are you on the internet, baby chance? Yes. Okay. Good. Pick you up there. You're right. You're coming. Okay. Very good. And so what's going on down in South Florida? What's going on down in South Florida? Where are you? Oh, you're in DC. That's right. Wow. This is the home of Ali on man. That's all we're worried about. Let me tell you. If everybody in this town is staying home now. We don't go to sporting events. We just stay right home and did a little of our alien blow-up dolls. We've got the weather. It's like 22 and like three inches of snow today. Yeah. I would swap it. I'd take crappy weather for having a play. Well, of course, I don't want to be there. That's how I do it. What the Las Vegas for New Year's Eve? It was great. Stayed at the Beladio, Fiancastic. Yeah. So just unbelievable. That's why you said that a lot of times out there was like four years ago. I was there this weekend, sir. Just there this weekend. Right. Checked out that new Paris casino. It's the most beautiful one of them all. It's amazing. It's very nice. Go never gamble in there because you'll lose your ass. The first few years they're trying to make all their money back. But I'm glad it is beautiful. It's a must see. I did a little punch in there. But you're absolutely right. It's beautiful. You're going to get a chance to go in any of those ballrooms or anything like that in there. There's just absolutely unbelievable things in the world. It's just looking into the ears and I was going to be going to New Year's. I was going to sneak you to the hotel, hopping in everything. Yeah. And the Paris? Yeah. I'm unbelievable. It looks like things where we see in the... Of course they are anything like that. I mean, I really did a magnificent job with that ambiance in there with the sky and the twilight effect and everything. And the phony trees they got you really feel like you're outside. Yeah, you're doing it. And the bartenders aren't too bad either. So, I mean, I've been listening to you a long time since I was a lifeguard down in the beach in college and just thought I'd check in and see if I could get you on the internet. I'll do that. You got a man. You got a man. Take it easy. See. And now what the Governor Bush had last night, you got it. Five, six, seven, oh five. Yeah, they asked him. He said, who's got that new budget? He said, you got it. Well, the goodwood. The books, you know. Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, palm five, sixty, only eighteen. T-line. I say, let's run a campaign. Let's have the Confederate flag right up there on a flag full of telehanges. What I said. Yeah. Screw that Jesse Jackson and all those troublemakers. Let's have the goddamn rebel flag. And Dixie, that Confederate flag. We'll be back up to flag pull. Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, palm five, sixty, on the eighteen. T-line, five, sixty, rhymes with Dixie. Here's the thing, you. Hello. Neo, how are you? Okay. I think the stomach fire finally got to me. Saturday night, I'm lying. It's at four in a morning. I wake up. I feel like an alien's about the pop out of my stomach. Really? I was so bad I run into the bathroom. I didn't want to pause, but I can't do that until I bend over and cue can it first. Really? Yeah. And then, just as I'm done, you can get up there. And you know, take a crap. And it was the worst feeling I ever had. I didn't eat anything for the rest of the night. I wake up at eleven, cue can get in. And then I'm in bed for the whole day. And I haven't eaten in three days. I can't believe it. It's going to run in the best part of it is that no doctor's don't can't diagnose any of this stuff. Everybody knows what's going on. I'm not even going to go to the hospital. If I don't have $10,000, it's worth it. Right. That's right. And if I get a cold sore, I'm going to stop listening. Okay. Oh, yeah. You better turn it. Well, that's why they're all gone today. They heard about the cold sore. They can say, oh, that's a trippy problem. Yeah, you can catch that right through the speaker. Do you know that? Oh, sure. 56670560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. The State Department of Education is investigating Bible history courses offered as an elective in 14 of Florida 67 school districts. Those districts, none in South Florida. Thank God. Surveyorfully one fifth of Florida students. The courses authorized under the state law passed in 1996. Came under fire last week when people for the American way charged the seven school districts have been violating the US Constitution by teaching the Bible. From a religious perspective, including some of the quotes that I just gave you. Our Teal boom, Southern Area Director for the Anti-Defamation League. You know, our Teal boom, he's an asshole. Yeah. Said Tuesday that says materials are wholly inappropriate in the public school setting. These statements if they're in a material might certainly be the bias for bigotry, he said. The statements like that, the lesson on John 8, who according to Jesus is the father of the Jews, the devil. How do you like that, huh? Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, I'm glad that you've finally seen the light on that consider flag issue. Yeah. Well, it does. Okay. States rights. That's the States rights guy from yesterday with the same boring voice. I've seen the light, the blight. That's with the bees here in your red. I've seen the big cankers are in the sky in your red. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Don't be feeding me a song in advance about that goddamn rebel flag, okay? Because it stands for one thing, slavery, segregation, racism, Bigotry, like I said, it stands for a whole bunch of things. Just ask John Rocker, he'll tell you. Arrested up in the Hill, I'll show you the door. 480s before noon at 560, WCM 9. 1 moment please, what are we doing now? George went out to take a leak into your zone of floor or something was that? What are we doing? What just happened? Was it a mistake? I guess that affected the audio vault too. Yeah. And like I said, are there more spots in the break or what do we do? Yeah, apparently. And? And now I've got to make them up. Oh. 480s, 560s. Pram! 280s, oh! 480s, 480s, 480s! Find you pay for a lot of extras when we fly with most airlines like torture is head That's watered down drinks and discard your service. When we here at Catalcar Carrier have eliminated all of those costly frills to bring you the lowest airfares in the history of aviation. Fly to Europe for less than $10 or cross country for just $1.49 restrictions apply. Fly up first classers for interior accommodations. Business class and ride with the luggage oxygen expert. Or fly economy and know the thrill of the jet stream in your head. And come carry you, we're just a cheap man. Catalcar Carrier, we're cheap because you are. Oh, no, that's 550wm. You'll never guess what I just found. Nice job there, Neil. By the way, thank you. Excellent. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, come on over humming. Now come and take a drive to my big house and chat with Glaw. We can both get juice and maybe a little Panama. Watch his own business. She's out for a week. Come back again in the candy store. Sound is cheap. I have pretzel, hot dog, soap, air and pizza. You remember little Billy, you're laying in town of pizza. It's gonna be a wild time not to home in New York. Just to make darling jeans like a sport. I'm just like, I'm so good. Someone over humming now. I blow on my trumpet. A little bit of vodka in my life. A little bit of vodka without my wife. Now live in the pond of dust. What I see. When she's far away, that's real. Great sports for it. A little bit of water to sweat. What I need. A little bit of water to sweat more. A little bit of water to sweat more. A little bit of water to sweat more. A little bit of water to sweat more. A little bit of you on my happy man. 12, 1, 550wm. Sheeding Hearts Making Good As Use for Business. Here's a guy's name is John Watson. He has no plan to cheat on his spouse, but he knows there are plenty of Aaron husbands and wives who do. So we started a business called Ace Aliby. And the purpose of the thrust of his whole business is he makes up Aliby's for people who cheat on their spouse. And evidently he's making a fortune doing it. The fee is 25 bucks and up depending on the extravagant of the Taylor made fib. It says, say you want to meet a lover for the weekend, but don't want to spot to get suspicious. Ace Aliby will mail you a phony invitation to a business or a sporting event giving you a phony reason for being away from home. I don't even like that. This was in USA today on Monday. And it's got a chart of a poll that they took and everybody take these polls. I think there's a lot of liars out there. Who's unfaithful? And by country, guess which country has got most people to cheat on their spouse. You never guessed this. Okay. What does a lot of like pedophiles go there? Some of you are cheating on their spouses with like a young or a young age. You have boys, girls, whatever. Somewhere in Indonesia. Yeah. How's the title you're doing? Okay. Thailand. 52% of the respondents admitted to being unfaithful. Guess what country is number two by the way, speaking of the Confederate flag? Guess what country is number two? The middle of the USA. 43% admitted. And of course we know that about 40% live through their teeth. 43% admitted to being unfaithful to their spouse. Number three? The Greeks. Correct them. Yeah. Who are they cheating with? Some broad name David. Who was that the Romans? I don't know. I get confused. They said Alexander sure was great. Check Republic is tied with Greece by way. Check Republic. Remember the thing we had last week or the week before? With blues and they're about to wild animals over there. They finally got a little bit of freedom and their disco and eight shot. Apshmit. Sing a poor. Then Germany 36% followed by France Italy. Canada 32%. The UK, Taiwan. Poland. You think maybe the polls are like maybe a little bit too stupid. Do you know if they don't know where to find it? Spain only 28%. And last on the list. The lowest Mexico. Well, you know, there are a lot of them. Don't spell to good. 560. Yeah, when you find a spot that smells pretty good and Mexico, you stick with it. Whatever it might be. Even a burl. Stick with it. Brewer way in there and don't get out. Here's their field. Hello. Hey, Neil. I heard a lot of Mexican smell like Josh Friedman. Yes sir. I got this fire report. The guy called yesterday at the end of the show about Jim Mandates making some racist comment. Yeah. It was a sports dam after the San Diego game. And he said, Darrell Gardner looked like the gorilla thrown around the San tonight luggage. That's what he said. Yeah. I thought it was pretty funny. That's what's wrong with that. It's not the wrong with it, but you know, he's black. So he can't put it. You can't say spoke more than one thing. It's the thing that gets all away. And that picture from the Sunset and a couple of weeks ago with his head. And it's all the scars on top of it. So, you know. All right, Neil. Okay. Thanks for the good news. All right, Bob. Right. 560, 0.560, pound 560 on the AT&T while a slime out of town line. 877, 775, 634, 55. I don't think anybody in this audience has had the procedure that I'm doing like any time recently. Because why would they have me be drinking this stuff now by the the Schmidt load? What would be the point if they're going to stick it in my rectum? I don't think so. I think these people are just trying to get me real nervous. It wasn't bad enough. I've already had that the coral rectal thing last week. You're giving me a look. You don't know. Because you're sound asleep. No, you don't know. You wait. I don't. But it's all over and you just hope like hell at all that they had and it was that the little camera. And that Alan's thought wasn't behind it, especially because he's dead and he might not come back out. 560, 0.560, pound 560 on the AT&T while a slime. Here's your field B, chill out. Hey, Neil, I'm getting... What is it? Atkins. Atkins. Atkins. I'm going to talk about the silly. I'm silly. I'm all fiber. Doesn't count as a carb. Yeah. What was that guy talking about? I had no idea what he was talking about. I was about the silly thing I ever heard. Yeah. Yeah. No pun, right? No. Let me tell you, atkins, I did it for two months. Yeah. It's a ton of weight. Really? Yes. Works awesome. Awesome. Almost 40 pounds. Great. Nothing works like it. It's been to that device place. It's pretty good. Right? Yeah. So there you go. See, two different colors. One of them says it's full of carbs. It'll want to use full of crap. And I tend to believe this last guy because a silly doesn't have any carbohydrates. It's how to help could it? It's just fiber. I think the guy's getting his fiber from probably a special care. Maybe from frosted flakes, which might just have a few carbs. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T while I was lying. All the way, do love French toast. I mentioned that yesterday. And the only reason I mentioned this because we had it for breakfast on a meal on American Airlines coming back. And I will say this no matter how many hand grenades they got. Their food far is hidden shoulders above the other domestic carriers. They really know their food. I mean, you might not get their alive or on time or whatever, but God, you'll have a great meal in them on the way down. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T while I was lying. Here's a mobile and del Rey Beach, hello. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 5. How come the mobile and del Rey Beach has got their phone cranked up and I'm listening on here. I wonder why that is. You think they're over the age of 100? Yeah, yes sir. Is this meal? Yes it is. I wanted to make it coming. I don't know what wrong with you while you're having this exam. I didn't, I tuned in a little late this morning, but if you're a constipated due to the Atkinson. I'm not constipated. I'm not doing all the things that I'm not constipated. I've been smitten my brains out. Don't worry about that. I'm not the least bit constipated. Anyway, if you want to keep your intestinal tract well-married, I've been taking this week brand. Oh yeah. And, oh, it works. I'll tell you. I don't want to think about it. I know what to do. I'll be there for many years and I'll tell you it works. I know that. I don't make it. Okay, thank you so much. Welcome to BM Talk. Okay. It's no longer stands for Brian Murray. The spokesman now that he's doing such a wonderful job since he was given two represents and it's about time. But nevertheless, we're talking about BM. I don't want to talk about bowel movements. Do I have any problem with bowel movements? No. I just got to say my schools were lovely. They were great. They passed the test with flying colors. I'm not sure I would think you know what one of the colors probably was. God. These people, and of course in Florida, where we have all these old people over the 800. I mean, bowel talk is big. We can do a whole thing. We can just do a show every day that could be the topic. Then we have no shortage of calls. BM Talk every day. I'm telling you, just go up and see our friend Alan up there with the lights. Can you turn the out of those new watch, talking bars and ones with the zero carbs? Believe me. You'll be smitten your brains for hours. That's the amount of time. Say what a relief. Give me another one. And you'll be losing weight at the same time. Where did this adkins stuff come from all of a sudden? Just out of nowhere. I don't get it. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. How's Monica doing? By the way, you know that they've fought for me. Those pictures by the way. The Monica thing, one of the tabloids, showed that they had her standing like sideways. Time, the fact that she's still a big fat, a tub of crap. You think that for $10,000 a pound? Yeah. I mean, that would inspire me. A hundred dollars a pound would have. 10,000 a pound. I'll lose a hundred pounds just the next week. You watch. That's the book, Ligsaw, I'll do it. Nine minutes after noon at five 60 to 70 a QAM. He's the Panthers and Washington Capitol. Why? From National Car rental Center to 990. Oh, wow. So the Panthers jigs make Donald and Randy Boleroon. Oh, you know where that one went. Upstairs where VISTA's mole keeps the penis butter. The cookies are up there as well. Panthers previews start to seven. Here on Sports Radio 560 QAM. Yes. Oh, wow. Tonight on CBS, the new fall season kicks off with an all-new show from the creators of two guys who girls in a van comes. What's that smell? The hilarious misadventures of two janitors working in a retirement home. The Arthur Connery of Janet and Estelle getting star in. What's that smell? Tonight on CBS. We all on the end. Josh Bedenk. It's a 1215 at 560 WCM. I think maybe I got this canker from a Florida fruit. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the ATC and D. Wireless Line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you're doing. Okay. I was calling to say, um, what do you call when somebody comes from another country to the United States and infiltrates the, the government to promote their own, um, interest in their original country. That's a spy, right? I call it bad news. I'm calling it a Cuban. Yeah. Well, that's where I was what I'm saying is I was watching TV the United States. People were even the Cuban flag. Now, they were American. How many of the companies that have flag of a communist nation sir? Yeah, communist nation. But they're, but they're voting in America. Yeah. So that makes them a spy, right? Whatever you say. So what do we do with spy? Send them back where they came from. That's, that's what I work. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. What do we do with, uh, what's the name? Julius and Ethel Rosenberg, huh? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. We got 600 open lines. They any woman today? No, no woman today. They heard what I said about Bush and they beat it. Let's go to four buyers, hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing, buddy? Okay, sir. Um, just first off, well, thank you for letting my photographer fight. And I come down to take pictures of you and Judy article. You appreciate it. What company never saw the article by the way? I'm sending it now. Oh, oh. We sending it in a few days. Um, we call you got some pictures with the, uh, I know if you saw it. Guys saw the dollar bill with his arm with your face on it. No. Yeah, a couple of yucks about around. Right. But they said that, of course. You want me to just do that one? Exactly. Um, you're calling at a caller about a, the charlotte's Schultzing of peanuts. What happens with that is they do those comic strips in advance. Those are just done about two, three months of advance. So think to watch when those is going to be in February. Two. And also, um, dragging it in out, dragging it out. I'm telling you. And, um, I know you are a, a camp or radio. But I had a question. How come you've never been syndicated? Because I heard a guy in a camp. I don't know if you've heard of him. Why no? I mean, we just absolutely terminal. Lionel. Lionel. Yeah. He went to WBC New York for about five minutes. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I mean, come on. I mean, this, if this joke could make it, I mean, definitely could. No, I'm not, I'm, I'm closing things out. I'm not looking to explain at this point. I'm closing the chapters. I'm sorry to hear that. Yeah. We'll get that to fall off to you. And just want to thank you, again, sir. Okay. Thanks. Take care. See how to the beeslee. Okay. Okay. We got two calls left in the board. And I guess that's going to be it. And then we'll just play a bunch of stuff. Because I got to, and that'll be on his drinking at stuff wasn't all that bad. It didn't taste good. But you're supposed to withdraw in the, you just grin and bear it. That's all. But I can't really get into the fin and advance here. I'm what the procedure is because all these other people that are calling it had stuff done two, three, five years ago. There's no way in the world that they're going to have you drink all that stuff and stick a whole bunch of berium in your rectum. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Why? Not that I'm all concerned about having it up in there. I'm just concerned about having a squeeze and keep it in there for 45 minutes. I don't think that sounds like a fun hour to me. And then go to the hockey game. Am I going to spend your word in the pen? Yeah. That's what I'm saying. That's about the other way. I think I dare go anywhere is with the effect. I'm going to have June Allison come by and hold my hand and bring me some depends. Preparing for a future life in San Florida. Here's a mobile in four Latterdale. Hello. Yeah. And they're talking about a week. Yes, sir. I'm calling about your comments regarding our new fans. Dr. James. Yeah. I'll ask you both games. I've been, I'm a season ticket holder. I've been here a couple of games and brought some folks with me. We haven't been to the games. They're becoming fans. I'm noticing new people there that haven't seen before. So I think it's catching on. Well, what do you mean it's catching on? We've had a team here for seven years. It's not like it is. We just started. I know. I mean, the fact that the team is doing so well now. People are starting to realize it and then get on the band way. I can answer. I don't think so. They got 5,500 unsoul tickets for the night scan. They got one five games in a row. There were a hundred points ahead of the caps that are division. They're the kick and ass. And they got 5500. That's terrible. It's pathetic. And you may be right. I was down at Riverwalk today. I ran through Trevor Kid and nobody else down there knew what we was. Right. That's right. That's probably possible. This is a little buzz. I think. I'd like to see a camera. And now, maybe it's what I call. Yeah. Point system. It's kind of deceiving because you have a number of games played versus the points. Don't really match up. Yeah. You know, I'm not going to talk to you guys. Yeah. I already did that. I take a shot there and I do a number crunching which is a pan asked. You come up with a number of games played versus the points. Give you an average. Is there any column and any newspaper that has a better perspective like that? You know. I'm going to understand what you mean. What there is to make what the average is. Once you just look at the total points, it's right there in the standing. Yeah. Yeah. Total points for some teams played more games and others. It's deceiving. Yeah. Yeah. And the points. That's it. Well, I don't worry about all that games in hand and all that. I mean, you know, you get your points as you play the games and then you worry about letting everybody else catch up. Don't worry about those things. All right. Go campus. See you tonight. Okay. I'll be a bit or two. Where's the guy he's going to be there? He's he's not pretty excited or one, huh? He's not excited. No. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Out of town, it's 877785, 6345. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Baby, I know it. Okay. Listen, I have one of those barrio menomans done has done it. Let me tell you, it's not fun. Yeah. It puts on this table and it just about move your relax and kind of. Lundar or something. And when you've got to go to the bathroom, let me tell you you're cracking chalk for about a week for a week, huh? Yeah. Well, at least you can always find a trailer where you've been anyway. Oh, man. It's embarrassing. You're not going to use me out of the stadium to that football scene this over. Yeah. Maybe I don't hit, we can use me out there for the Marlins. It throws a baseline going. There you go. Listen, also, I feel about hockey. I've noticed I've been having hockey fans for a while now. I'm not just now in the game that they don't play that much along the boards like they used to. In the area, you know, why you think that this? They don't want to play on the board this much of these. What does that mean? I don't know what is it. I have no idea what you think. They've been like Dave Maloney of the Rangers. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. 877, 785, 6345. Did he say baloney? Here's some rise, hello. Yeah, no. Whatever happens to a lake is the other guy out to it. I'm a 94. Haven't heard of him anymore. I mean, I'm trying to... Probably because they're not on there anymore. Yeah, but you know what they are right now? Or... Like this is the dump to show. Yeah, he's not going to get a minus. He owed points. He's not on the air anymore, though, or what? I'm begging for him. I'm not on the air anymore? Not on this market. Yeah. Oh well, I like a spares in art so the art so wasn't really that good at things. Art too? He was alright, but he wasn't as good as you. And you mean, Ed Till? Yeah, Ed Till. Alright, I gotta go by. Uh-huh. Yeah, Art Till. Oh, good. God, all money. That's like the guy yesterday told me about Tim Simpson, the great defenseman for the Panthers. Anybody know who that is? No. 560, 0560, pound 560. Oh, you sure are critical, Ed. I mean, generally speaking, if you're going to come on a radio with a 20 or 30 people listening, it would be a good idea if you had some idea what you were talking about. All the White House should be. I mean, the people on this station lot of them haven't got any idea what they're talking about. Well, you know, Danny, uh-oh. God, money. Of course, you gotta give Joe a little slack, because I took a league next to Joe Rose this morning. Now I know what they're calling the little dog, but nevertheless, he's been also sick. Sicker and hell. He was holding this head up against the wall, he'd been sick as a dog for days. Sick as a little dog. Everybody is sick, and he's docked his bop bop bop bop bop, can they find anything? Oh, no, they just keep running around and giving you gigantic bills. I'm making you go through a screw-shooting test. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a lady and sunrise, hello. Hello? Yes, man. Oh, I was fucking back and forth. I was in the fourth of it. Work. You can hear you say you were getting a barrier, man. I didn't say a barrier, man. I said what I'm having is a cat scan and a dominal and a pelvic cat scan. Oh, okay. I'm drinking all this stuff. Now these people are all calling me. I'll probably try to get me to pee in my pants. They're all calling me and telling me that they're going to put all this barrier in my uh- Brecht, though. I'm going to have to hold it for 45 minutes. Is that correct? Well, I haven't put it. I haven't had to put it in that way. It's done through intravenous, you know. And a cat scan is- Well, intravenous is not the very intravenous. I put the die in. No, I thought you were saying you were having it the other way. No. No. Not if I can help it. But I don't know about the value. If I've never had to drink it and then, you know, hold it. No, I don't know. But I don't think so. I don't think so. Oh, I didn't have big problems on that table. Yeah. No, I don't think so. Well, I'll let you know tomorrow. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I'll bring you in some samples. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pomp, 5, 60. Come on. Welcome to the end talk. Let's go. Yeah. How's this one, son? Chants healthy to me. God. Very simple question. And they always become complicated and cognitive alluded. And you got 70 different people giving you an unusually all of them are wrong. Like you're like people give me a son at the end to about getting ready for the test I had last year. The test I had last week, the colonoscopy in the endoscopy and drick and that stuff. Oh, it's the worst. There was a piece of cake that was delicious compared to this direct that I'm drinking today. This is burying. That was delicious. That was sensation. They mixed it with a little gatorade and no problem. And then the out. Here's plantation. Hello. Yeah. I know. Yes, sir. You're very funny guy. Yes, sir. I had the, I had the colonel last time. That's what the soda was awful. What did you mix it with? I mixed it with water like the foam. Oh, see that was that. No, we mixed it with water. I can imagine. But if you mix it with gatorade, it's not that bad. Uh, drinking is actually the five a.m. prep was the worst part. That was the killer. What was that? Well, you had to take another one of those fleets at five a.m. So that you were perfectly clean. Oh, you had to do a fleet animal? No, you had a fleets phosphorous. That's the stuff that you drank. Right. Yeah, I had to take that twice out of here. Yeah. And the second time is, you got to be so clean. You can actually eat off the colonel most. Right. But my question is, well, I was squeaky clean man. So why would you have to have a, a berry in there? If you had that all done. That shows pretty much everything. That did. No, well, this is for the outside. That looks inside. And then this looks outside. Like in the, I don't know. I have no idea. I'm not a doctor. All of them just what they're telling me to do. I want to know this. Yes, they do. All right. Thank you very much. Okay, well, have a great day. Everybody wants to know. Of course they want to know. They want to know what's on your inside. Your outside. There knows you got their nose right up in there. Right. You can, you can smell it. Or is it Josh Friedman? 26 pass. No, it's five 60 W to remember Josh Friedman? Oh, remember what everybody is saying about him. He's an asshole. And nobody knows the status on that. By the way, we took a poll. Was there one single to sending vote? No. Wake up with the first piece. Joe Rogg, Jeff DeFars, and Steve Goldstein, We did morning success. Only on sports video 5. 69 a.m. Clarence. Thomas is a douchebag. Oh. Yeah. There we go. Hey, y'all. My name is class. Eugene Thomas. Friends of which is nominee for the Supreme Court. And you know, there's not some people's identity. They just have, I smoke a little marijuana when I say cottage. And it wasn't as if it would have been. Enjoy. Yeah, maybe sing our sands y'all. I know where we are. Did they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court? Yeah, I got it much. That dude is wicked. Get out of here. I want to sit y'all straight. When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law. There y'all. I mean, Tokyo. All right. And I took it to the east. And I took it to the west. And I took it. Why not look up Sandradale. Kind of. Oh, I'll be Tokyo. Ha ha ha ha. That's so bad one, y'all. Okay. From 32 to a five 60 WCM. So the good news is for me anyway. Do you know a lot of you people out there like to keep me on a string. And you all whipped up to the war friends. Which is okay. It's fun. But we had a couple of people who didn't have time to wait. Called an off the order to relay the information that I'm not going to have to have no Barrier. Back to cinema and nothing in the old. Back to not have to squeeze my cheeks. It's an instrument. So you just drink this stuff now to give us a more wild taste and craft Drink over there. And it's sticking the IVD. I don't know whatever that is. It goes all through your stuff. And then they take a look at it. They say go home. And that's it. Plain and simple. But these people out there in the audience. They want you to like, I'm pinned to needles. Yeah. And they'll see this. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I first time call. I'm listening to you for a while. I love your show. All right. I'm not going to talk about your record. Please. I want to find out what your opinion is. Do you hear about that teacher that got that he was arrested in the Swingers Club? Yeah. And then a hearing last night. And they decided to that the best place that he could teach school is inside the jail. So I was wondering what your opinion was. That was on the yesterday's paper. It's ridiculous. It's ludicrous. That the consensus they had one consenting opinion that said that he couldn't that she that he shouldn't be able to be teaching kids. Yeah. He got up there and she's the moral authority for the all the people in Brewer County. Right. I just think it's a bunch of crap. What people do in their private lives consenting and aren't hurting anybody. And there's no minors in their people out to pay. I mean, it's the most ridiculous thing I've heard in the world in civilized countries. They would laugh at us like we're a bunch of barbarians. They are. We're all caught up on this sex thing. Yeah, everybody's doing it, but they just want to admit it. Well, anyway, we need a little bit of show. Have a great day. Bye bye. Oh, yeah, he's not fit to teach kids. Anybody out there that's having sex with your courses while we had all the homos that teachers. Because at least they weren't having sex with the opposite sex. They were having sex with each other. And that's not good either. So anybody, I guess you have to be a unit to be a teacher. I also sent out your kids to Catholic school. Because we know beyond a shadow of a doubt. There's no fact in the church. They're going to be real safe there. Well, look at this phone, boy. Just breaks my heart. I may have to go and have to have my ticker look at it again here. Have to have another stress test. Pretty weak. I'm on my knees today. Baby, beggining, pleading 567560. Pound 560 on the AT&T line. Josie Lambe writes today. It splitsville for Lasola's supermodel Nikki Taylor and Panthers Robby Needem are after three stormy years. Taylor was seen Friday night at Lauderdale Colton, I club velvet with an unidentified new bow. I broodly guy who drove up to the valley in a cherry red pickup truck. A source said she was all over the guy in the VIP area. They were holding hands when they came in. There was some serious kissing the source said she had reduced him as a new boy for any works for a barricade company. Things got so hot that Taylor 24 had to run out of about one in the morning with a guy and towed. That's what we were towed. Meanwhile, Needemire 25 has been seeing a squiring a dark-haired duty described as a Miami model wannabe. This is news to me said Taylor's publicist George Dacinger. I got a Christmas present signed Nikki and Robby. Oh, Nikki and Robby and Robby and Nikki, can we do that one anymore? Oh, that's too late. God, that would have been good to replace Jimmy and Danny would have been Robby and Nikki, but it's no mole. And it goes on with a bunch of crap. Okay. Nice going. And Robby ditch that bitch and move on to a greener pastures. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Bokello. You want to talk about a little bit depressing? I was at the Carolina Panthers, Jan the other night. Yes. And I swear to you, that place was less than half full. I believe it. Left and half. I mean, there was huge empty seconds. Don't get into that. This is supposed to be the height of the season. Now, it's January 19. It's supposed to be when the snowboards are all back. When the people that are gone in the summertime. What, why is every place vacant now? There's something going on. I mean, my phones are vacant. The heat came last night. It looked like they had a bomb skewer in there. The panther game is nobody showing up. We got 505 on the night's game. Where did everybody go? I don't understand it myself. I'll be there tonight. I'll be there. With the, with the, with the, without my berium. Well, whatever happened with Reg Wittney. Did he make a little problem for you? Oh, he's going to, he, I talked to him last night. He called me at home. He got my number from her. And he called me. He was psychotic with Josh Friedman. He said the Josh Friedman is he's an asshole. Yeah. That sucks. Yeah. Josh Friedman isn't that. He never, he never mentioned my name. If he would have said to Ray, I want you, you know, I'd like you to cut a promo for Neil. He would have been delighted to do it. He's a big fan of mine. I've been as big as promoter because I knew it when he played in San Jose. I watched the play is a great little player. And Josh Friedman cannot get it done. No matter what the job is, sir, unless it's eating, he can't get it done. Yeah. One other thing. The, uh, the panther's marketing department sucks. They're always making things commercials during the panther game. Yeah. Can't they play commercials during other TV shows that we have here? Right. It's like preaching to the choir. Yeah. I need a point. I'll be on the very plate 11 games in court. 13 goals. Yeah. We'll see you for you in a full season. But for watching the game, how the hell we're supposed to know something different? Right. Plainer, I'm jail for news. 11 clock or something. You're hired. Okay. Have a great day. See you. We loved a panther. Let's get on fire. Come on. Let's get all went up into a frenzy. No. Come on. Let's get out there tonight. I'm going to go to the hospital. I'm going to stick a bunch of stuff in my rectum. And they're going to look on the thing. And I'm going to go rushing back down there and go to the game. I'm not going to miss some game just because I'm having some intrusive echo. I'm going to see you there. And even if I think that you're going out, it'll be paid back for some of those assholes in my section. 101 by the way. And I'll wear whatever Maple Leaf jacket I want doc. Show you a thing or two Mr. Hot Shot. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. I don't know what I'm complaining about. See, it's better for the players. That's the spirit of the beat. Like that Maple Leaf game. We had almost 18,000 us the biggest crowd they've had since the Detroit game. We were early in the season. Nearly 18,000 people in there. It was like a play off game and the least go ahead and nothing. The patterns were ahead for the two. The least come back with four and the third period. Win 6 to four. It was a game filled with excitement. People were screaming. That's the way you want to enjoy the sporting event. Not in the half-empty place where people are sitting on their hands and going, you know how to go. Yeah, yeah, that's no fun. Want some enthusiasm, so much excitement, just like me on this show. Looking for enthusiasm in this town is like looking for gold in your rectum. See this Christ. And by the way, if they look for gold in your rectum, they found it. Do you think they would tell you? No, I don't think so. But maybe a gold tooth or something like that. Huh, probably in those swing clubs. You know, it's big with a kid's on a gold teeth. They're probably gold teeth at everybody part. You can never imagine. And what's wrong with little jewelry. 21 before one at 2 a.m. This is 5.60. 2 a.m. Sports radio 5.60. You a.m. Ray, what the has a pair. Don't let that new year's diet now with the Coliseum Floor Carty Mega Diet. If you feel overweight out of shape or as bad as K. M. Then you need the Coliseum Floor Carty Mega Diet now. And it's so easy. You can do it at home. Just run around the house about 150 going. Then go to yourself on a delicious styrofoam Casterle. Purch and repeat the Coliseum Floor Carty Mega Diet. Maybe harmful as well. Consult the psychiatrist before starting diet. Obstiction pants are larger than they appear. 444 or 560 WCM. The Hague Lovercio at Chulose State 2 at 2. Guilty on Game 9 at 6. Then we got the panties in the Washington cap from the McAureen A 7 o'clock free game 730 game tonight. Any interest? No. Okay. Here's a pepper pine. Hello. Hi, Dale. Yes sir. Long time fan. Last time I saw you. You were with a gentleman by the name of Bill Calder. Right. I think it was in his last days. You were at the track with him and trying to bring him a little bit of enjoyment during those days. That were very sad days. Wonderful man. Anyway, I have a hockey tree. I go back way back in hockey and hockey. And I wanted to get your opinion on four players. Rockery Shard, Gordy Howe, Greff and Burry. What would it be my opinion on him? I'd like to know how you would rate them. How would rate them? Yeah. You can't compare old-time players with got possible. Well, do you remember when they had the big, the ratings between Rockery Shard's How they went back and forth? Can't compare. Oh, yeah, you can compare them because they were Contemporaries. You can't compare today's players in any sport with old-time players. You wouldn't have an opinion whether very, very, very... And why would you leave Muriel a new off that list? That's true. Why wanted his better, he was better in Gordy Howe or Maurice Shard. The move was better than how? That's my opinion. Well, that's what I wanted. Anyway. I usually leave out Bobby or. But anyway, I have a great day. Oh, I hate doing that. Does everybody else hate that? Yeah. I was at Jack Or. I remember him. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Remember Jack Or, he was mayor of what? Miami? Where was he? Who? What is wrong with you, little e-legal alien? Oh, about alien? Sorry. Here's a mobile at FIU. Hello. Mobile at FIU? Yeah, I don't know. Yes, sir. Time call it. All right. I'm sure it's not like they're calling or not in. And a lot of panthers. I got major problems in my stomach. I was wondering if you could figure out what it is. Yeah. The doctors can't. Uh-huh. It's like that's what I'm going to do like you. All right. Let's see what we can start. Well, the doctors, like, go to the doctor. You fix fingers up my body. Try to figure out what's wrong. And it can't. But then he puts. Out my body. Can't figure that out either. You don't know what's wrong. I mean, I eat a lot of food. Maybe there's something wrong with you. Yeah, that could be it. 560, 560. Maybe you just, he's an asshole. Yeah, speaking of, but 560, 560, pound 560. On the AT&T wireless line. There's one of our bright students at FIU for you, by the way. Something you can be real proud of. One more great reason that we're proud of here in South Florida. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. New God. Yes, sir. I'm the unfortunate recipient of four captains in the last year, or abdominal captains. Really? Why is that? Well, not like the previous asshole. I have, I've had real severe stomach pain too for about a year. Yeah. It took out my appendix. I was in the hospital for a week. And here, about a year later, I still have the pain. I have no clue what the hell it is. Really? Oh, yeah. Absolutely. That's from here. I don't have severe pain, but I haven't like comes and goes. Well, I mean, it was real severe in the beginning. It was constant and it's still constant, but I'm just so used to it now. I don't even notice it happened. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Are you diabetic? No, not at all. I mean, reasonably good shape, but, you know, anyway, they've looked at all the ends and they did the end again. They can't find anything. They gave me a colonoscopy, a very amenem of four captains, a sonogram. And a partnership in a pair of two. Exactly. Right. The worst part about the casket. The clean out the day before that really sucks, it's terrible. And I mean, I had most of those within a one week span. No, no, that's not the CAT scan. That's a colonoscopy. No, no, no, I mean, I've had, I've got them all. And I had to take the CAT scan. And the hospital gave me something to drink to taste it like really warm, disgusting, crystal light lemonade. It was, it was repugnant. It was. But that was great compared to the stuff that they gave me in the outpatient center that they call milk shake. Right. And at seven o'clock in the morning, this stuff is disgusting. I mean, it was so bad. It was like sour egg nugs. It was really terrible. It got your drink in that two hours ago. Yeah. And then a tree, I'm going to go home and drink another thing. And then at four thirty, what I go over there, but it breaks the more of it. Well, see, they suck are you in. Because they give you one while you're sitting on the waiting room. You got to sit there in weight 45 minutes, where it's a tinkled down your colon and everything. And then if you're okay, I'm in a clear no big deal. They get you in the back room and then they go, pull that back room. Then they give you the other drink. And they treat that one too. And then they don't make you wait. They bring you right into the room. If the IV in your arm and you can will heat it up by the eye of that. That's it. I mean, it's tough to self is a breeze. How long does it test take? About 20 minutes. 20 minutes. Yeah, not too bad. The very minimum is terrible. No, I don't have to do that. And the colon has to be as great because for about twenty. Ninth. You said, I mean, I've got a sign on my back side as the orifice is closed. I mean, I'm happy to realize we know more of that. The colon has to be was fine because you're sleep. Well, they, that drug feels really good for about ten seconds. You're stoned to sell them. And it helps them. But actually, when I was told afterwards, which I felt was kind of shocking, you don't actually sleep during the procedure. You're awake. You're just so stoned. You don't know. And they call it an easier. It has like an amnesia. Just don't remember any. God. Can I make a shameless request? Sure. I don't even know if you still have this because this is back from like the Gulf Ordays. Is it 69? Remember that way? Is it 69? Yeah. I'll see if maybe it's still around. No, it's not in the DCS, but I'll see if we still have that. That was a great bit. Okay, but I know you're God. Good luck. Okay. Okay. Okay. It's all the bad stomach people here. We don't still have that. Do we? It was from an old Bob and Tom thing. Remember that exit 69 was a little on the back of those days. A little on the marginal side, but it's okay now. Because that would be an even station met on the year. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Can we find a doctor who can diagnose a head cold? Do you think what you do that? No. Here's a mobile in Pompano, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You know, I just want to talk to you about the Panthers for a second. Okay. I was on, I was at the game on Monday. And it was a good turn out. But let me tell you the fans are ridiculous, damn. And they are so quiet. It's like a cemetery. And I'm so sure. They're the ones who want to see. Just want to say something to the fans out there. God damn it. When you go out to the Dan game, be a fan. Don't sit in your hands. I mean, why are the fly out of the world? And half of the people who are there are got corporate secrets that somebody gave them. They don't know what the hell is going on. They're on their cell phone. They're not interested in what's going on. And they don't tend to get animated as when that stupid little blimp comes by or when they're slinging a t-shirt up in the crowd. And then they're trying to kill each other for a 50 cent t-shirt. That's the only time you see any excitement in the place. I think it was kind of really exciting. When it finally scored a goal, maybe they didn't come a life. Yeah. The red light goes off to make a crazy. But they have to at the else sitting in their hands. They don't have to do nothing. But they're all damn game with something. They're in my hands. They're like a goal. And then they wake up. Yeah. It's ridiculous. Welcome to my hand. I'm going tonight. I've been for 14 games this year. I've missed like three or four. And I can't wait. Okay. I'll see you there. I'll be together. It's a dripping. 560, 0.560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. And by the way, you know, every now and then. Because, you know, I pick my spots when a pink light comes out. I'm going to go into a TV timeout. I run up and go take a leak if nature is calling. Now tonight, if you see me go run in for the exit to go, you know, run to the magic room. I'd get out of the way if I were you. That's my personal advice. Based on all of this information I'm hearing. I would just make it clear pathway. Here's North Miami. Hello. North Miami. Is long gone on a famous line seven by the way. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you man? Okay. Listen, I think some of these people really need to check their heads. They're stomachs because if they've gone to a doctor 20 times, they can't figure out what's wrong with them. They need to get like a hip and a therapist or something going like that. What do you mean? In other words, you think it's in their head? Yeah. I think a lot of that stuff might be in your head. I had a lot of stomach problems years ago. And I honestly, I went to a hypnotherapist. And he helped me out a lot. By doing what? He told me to deal with the stress. With the stress? You've got to relax. So other of your stomach problem was from stress? Yeah. And I think a lot of these people probably have a lot of stomach problems from stress. That's just my opinion. Okay. Thanks. You think my stomach problems are from stress? I thought it was a good lawsuit to me. I think they're QAM stress related. Yeah. Get that little thing there that thing you still into. What do they call that? I call it a swirly. No. What do they call that thing? The little, this round circular with a line that you stare at. Huh? The peppermint candy pattern. That's what it looks like. And the background is you're playing the pitching music. You're going to go get him to the top. And that too. And Bertan and just talking and whispering. Hey, Bert, you're a great guy. But you know, those TV spots. You can't understand where they're saying. You're putting the audience to sleep. You're supposed to wake him up and get him to call your number and go, well, get He's a good guy. Bertan. You want to go get him to the top. It's just that even like in conversation at the dinner table, he could put you to sleep. Just his nature. Here's a mobile in Hailea. Hello. How are you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. You know, man, you a funny jack to you. Me and my home was you working off your shelf. All right. Yeah, but check this man. You know, I had a thing with obviously one time. That's bad because they don't knock you out. Yeah, they don't. They just didn't even. They twisted and turned it on the thing too. That. I mean, doesn't hurt. But it's a feeling that Harry, I'm comfortable. And you get very nervous about that, you know? Yeah, it's not good for every image. Yeah, we don't mind. But, hey, if you can't, can you put that? Yeah, if we're just get. Okay. All right. Think about you got a man. And you want to go to a black ass out of here. And that would think of it or said something like that. Yeah, get those jerky's out of here. What kind of a governor who we got? All man. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Wait until early on in this buddy's cooked. They're crispy. They're trying to cover his very new Mexican lady. So he's not going to say, get those. Tell those spits to get their ass out of there. Is he going to say that? No. No. So just probably say, tell those crazy cubins to get their ass out of here. Because you know how the Mexicans and humans get long. Not too well. Here's a mobile in my, my, Amy. Hello. You know, God. Yes, sir. You know, just had some quick to share with you. You know those fish that people put on the back of their car. Yeah. Well, I saw one today. Yeah. If you want to say, give filter in the middle. Yeah. Yeah. I love you used to make her own. Anyway, it was, it was one of those fish. But it had a little feet on it. And inside the fish and big letters, it said Darwin. Yeah. I'm getting one. That's all. That's it. Ancient eyes old as Darwin. Because I get one today. I've never seen one of those. In fact, I would just get a little Darwin thing and say, It's slapping on all the cars that are parked at a gutsy regular fish on. I'm at a material. Okay, pal. Yes. Yeah. You people with a stupid fish on your car and all your little religious symbols. Keep it to yourself. Okay. Keep it to yourself. Jesus saves 1-800-Jesus this. And the meantime, these are the worst drivers you ever saw in your life. So many times have yelled out in traffic at these people. You need to, you need to pray when you drive it on the road with you, you asshole. God. Always the worst frickin' drivers. The only ones worse than that are the ones that they have. How's my driving call 1-800-each myth, you know? Those are what they're even worse. Fucking invitation to, and of course, most of us are too lazy. Who's going to take the time to call and say, you know, you're 1-800-each myth guys, driving like shmit. Right, Mike? 5-670-560, pound-560 on the AT&T line. 1256-at-year-six station, WQA-M. This is 560, QA-M. Only one South Florida radio station has that. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Let's do it. Go for it. We've to have three minutes at two. Sports radio 560, QA-M. No, it's on. This is not a tumor, it's the one to two hours. Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word, a f***k. Out of all of the English words that begin with a letter half. letter half. Because the only word that is referred to as the F word, it's the one magical word. Just by its sound can describe pain, pleasure, hate, and love. As most words in the English language is derived from German, the word fliquin which means to strike. In English f*** falls into many grammatical categories as a transit of verb, for instance, John f*** surely. It's meaning is not always sexual. It can be used as an adjective such as John's doing all the f***ing work. As part of an adverb, Shirley talks to f***ing much. As an adverb, enhancing an adjective, Shirley is f***ing beautiful. As a noun, I don't give a f***ing. As part of a word, absolutely f***ing, literally, for inf***ing incredible. As almost every word in a sentence, f***ing f***ing f***ing. There's almost real eyes, there aren't too many words with the versatility of f***ing. As in these examples describing situations such as fraud, I got f***ing the f***ing use carolot. This may f***ing. Travel, I guess I'm really f***ing now. A aggression, so don't f***ing with me, buddy. This missile, why don't you go outside and play hide and go f***ing yourself? I'm sure you can think of many more examples. Say it loudly and proudly f***ing you. I can think a lot more like Josh Reedman is an F and idiot and Josh Reedman is so F and bad just stay there all the way and things like that all around Josh Reedman. He's an asshole. That too. Two minutes after one at five, six to WDQ and welcome to Dr. Talk again here on a Wednesday on your six days, now you mean sick, is this play sick or what? Here's Pompat OB, tell him. Yeah, well you mentioned Jeff and come on for a minute ago. Since that story, first broke, I've been one and she said the reason she did it, she was afraid to let him know. How much he spent? Yeah. Well, my question is, it's a ver. What is your answer? Question? Yeah. What would you say? He would do and what would you say? He would be the crap out of that bitch. Well, I wanted to add a ver, but I don't want to add a his mouth. Yeah, whatever he finished taking care of those books in the 30 office. Yeah, well anyway. Take the round. Well, he's never asked that. Well, maybe nobody carries. Okay, five, six, seven. I mean, he's all whipped up to a friend. Nobody's ever because it's old news. Okay, sir. I hate to break the news to you, but after you are, he just didn't feel that they're good anymore. He just fell right out of the chair. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Let's go, Panthers. Let's go. Let's kick some Washington capital last tonight. God, this town is like trying to wake the dead year after year. That's what they're going to write on my tombstone. Maybe very soon if they want to put his 20 pound tumor in my gut tonight, but very soon. He tried to wake the dead and still couldn't do it. David is best shot, like Jimmy. You have a shot. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hello, me, yes. How you doing, sir? Okay. The first one, she's a subject real quick. Make a quick comment about the FBI identity. You don't want to talk about bury a minimum. Let's go ahead, please. Oh, please. No, yes, well, was I, yeah, the agent that is finally getting charged with the murder of the David Ferrell. Jesus Christ. I mean, I don't know what I mean, come on. I mean, even though he's an FBI agent, a cop or whatever, he still should be treated and fault that has a regular, you know, like some other shimakla, like any other puttu is drunk as a skunk and driving on a wrong way the highway. Exactly. And they're going to try and cover it. I say fry his ass is what I say. Exactly. Just like that. But on Channel 7 news, Red Ricky, Ricky Tickie, pull us which. Oh, yeah, make sure they run it over and over like the get those darkies at it, you know? Or they can just run him over to get even for the guy that he killed in front of the stadium a few years ago. You know, that guy that's dead. Oh, yeah, with that. I got people right. Anyway, two great comments. One, please no more wreck them talking to no more phone calls. Yeah. Okay. That sounded as you know who that was? Yeah. How come it took me so long to catch on? How come I was so slow on it? That was that asshole. What are you? So that was. Oh, God. Yeah, no more phone calls for the whole station. What that would you do then sweetheart? Every day among my way home. First call they put on with Hank. Here's Stephen Hollywood. I mean, do those guys in there have any clue what life is all about? Oh, with these colors. Oh, put in the same bosos on there over and over and over again with no material. I sure must be a little under the weather because I learned how long was he on like for a two long before 42 seconds. It was 42 seconds too long. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Oh, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you're a little sidebar here. You were talking about that bumper sticker, right? The way he had ready. Smith. Yeah. Okay. I call the number. You know what they're doing? What are they doing? They're Hawking one of these one nine hundred things. You know, for like three to all of the minute or whatever. Party line. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know. I'm not gonna call the party line. Maybe you would. But anyway, that was I was checking that out. Did you know it? No, I know one that they're Hawking a nine hundred. No, who's they? Who's they? What are you all about? 1-800-Eachment. Yeah. Yeah. It's on a daily sponsor. Yeah. Okay. Well, have a good time. Okay. Anybody know what he's talking about? No. Let's go back to Barry Minner. It was quick. 5-670560. Not 560 on the AT&T. You got to understand. This town is in bad shape after this weekend. These people feel like little loss sheep. They're lost. They're desperate. Their ego has been badly deflated. They've all gone into a van. They're all hiding out of the bed. Hoping for the whistle to blow or somebody to blow. And my mind let me ask you. Why is it that maybe I would call one of those three way numbers? Don't have a sexual people called out there's straight three way numbers. All right. There's straight five way numbers. Oh, only facts do that. Is that what it is? Yeah. You're right. I'm not into phone six. I'm more like I'm over a hands-on guy myself. Here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale. I'm like Joe Crestello who's more of a ball-zondie. Hello. Oh, Neil. The face. Yes, sir. Yeah. Long time listener first time. Call her. All right. Luke, this way, when you went through this morning, there is some justice. I started from I would have to put a lot of bail every morning. Get on the turn, Pike. I got one of these. Do not turn on the red no right turn on the red signal. Right. And you guys both are home behind me. I pull all the red for you. Good on turn, Pike. Three times as an atmosphere. Since I make a right turn, a cup of setback. I'm just going to take it. I love it. You. Beautiful. There is a little justice. Thank you. I got a pal. Thank you. Yeah, this old fossil behind me is blowing a horn. I mean, these wrong is wrong can be. There's this sign. I pointed the sign. I rolled on the window. I said, hey, what's your problem? I asked, okay, to be the sign. There's no turn right on red from this lane. You old fossil. You disgusting old fart. And he's back at me. Yeah, yeah, you know, you could see the toe jam come flying out the window as soon as he rolled it down. Man. Eight minutes past one is five, 60 WQA in sports radio five, 60 QA in one million times for a new rod that's even the hith hour. What word did you say? All right. One four ten. I'm sure glad that the bushes are coming around on that Confederate flag. You know, 567. 560. Palm five 60 on the 18. The I'm sorry to rebel flag. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Are you aware of the fact that the first trial has been completed on these American airline ramp rats from Miami International? No. It was in USA last Thursday, a Friday and the gentleman that was tried was the one that supposedly put the hand grenades and weapons in the overhead. Yeah. And he was found not guilty. Based on one based on the fact that Jerry thought that he was coerced into doing this by the. So in other words, he was kind of like the Nazis. He used this to following orders. Well, supposedly. So in other words, if you're a hitman and somebody hires you to murder somebody, you're not going to be guilty because the somebody else. Evidently evidently what the Jerry found was that he was he was pestered into doing this. Pester exactly. He was he was offered it more than once or twice or three times. Yeah, take the money and do it and finally. Well, how about the guy that the government in trapped with the Kitty porn at time years ago? There was on 60 minutes and they kept sending him the stuff in the mail over and over and over again like eight million times and he finally ordered something and the nail disaster. Yeah, I think, you know, I don't know. I'm just thinking about the news media here. I haven't seen anything on I haven't heard of word about this. I found the USA and you know, USA, they have state by state news. Right. It was in there and then a little blurb. And and other than that, media made such a big deal out of it when when they were prosecuting it. I don't know. That's what I'm looking to bring in down a candle coming but what would that be? Yeah, the one of the cops that were all screwing up. That doesn't happen. That's right. Yeah. How did they happen with that school teacher and at the student? I did. Did you care? How did they see them? Keep reading that paper with all the colorful pictures and the theory of my learns of the there. Would you ever learn anything reading these local papers? No. See, everybody's raven about the hero. Even I gave Brownie points for an investigative series all over. It's years too late about the airport scandal and everything and about American Airlines. But then does it do any follow-up? No. No, they got Carl Heisen out there chasing these navigators and town people who's running around in his rubber raincoat. Here's a mobile and crow spring. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes, I am. Hey, Neil, let's have them in that. Speak to me, sir. Come on. Let's go. It's only a four hour show. I just want to say, but the ocean in the rest. Yeah. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the 80. Oh, man. Of course with this procedure coming up, I guess it's better than saying put it in the rectum. Oh, no, not for me. No, thank you. Here's a call. Sorry about that. Here's a call from my mama. Hello. How are you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Your airline starts at 27 to this month. January 27. Yes, sir. A big is national airline. Right. I saw it had an update for about it and it's $119 for flappers and five 99 for people like what people like you get it free with. 599 for first class. Yes, sir. A ride pretty damn cheap. That's what it's in. Wow. And it's flying from Miami for a modern day. My family agreed. I saw it in the state of the city of Miami. Great. I saw it in the state of the city of the city of the Miami Hill, which is just a much of piece of trash. You want to all got down there. You bet. But anyway, I just got a stainless thick glass. Yes, sir. Gordon is gay for Joe Costello and Steve King, you are a butt close. All right. And you have a ball of song guy. There was a call from from mama. How do you like that? 567. I'm sorry. I apologize to whoever was online need a cut you off. Actually, I put my thumb on it. 567.0560 pound. 560 on the 18 T. Marvel's long roll of long. I'm sick of the song. Wonder where everybody went. Where did everybody go? It's kind of like a mystery. I'm still thinking either because of the dissolved in game or maybe because of too much. For last several weeks, all you noticed it's kind of calm down. I'll thank goodness. Thank goodness. Oh, a day without alien is like a day with lots of sunshine. That's what I would say. It's like a breath of fresh air or day without alien without that pop-up pop-up pop-up. God, give it a freaking rest. Leave that poor little kid alone. Yeah, in fact, a lot of the lab guys told me that they also had his ball of specimen. Do you remember when I had this in my stool-sets specimen? They wanted to see if he was doing some good Schmidt. And if there was anything contaminated in there because then the Lincoln DS ballard rhymes with the yeah, would be screaming in the end. He's a madman. He really is. Talk about a hothead. His eyes are like always just bulging like kind of a word. You're popping out of his guy damn for his. Maniac. Here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale. Oh. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I am sick and tired of the zero trash people that come down here and do not tip. I work at a nice restaurant at Fort Laudale. Last night, $130 bill they left me $2. What were they from? I don't know. I just saw on the credit card it's a zero card. So I knew there were euro. Probably for a hundred. Yeah. But if you're not going to have a friend, probably frogs. So the Danny's okay. Right. If you're not going to tell. I don't think they'll let you in there. And I was going to say tie Tommy's. I don't think he'll let you in either. Also, I'm my, I went to school in Tallahassee and they got a godfather's up there. Right. And awesome. I used to love it. And also my friend is up there. He's trying to get to the web. But he can't how to see you go about finding you. Neil Rogers.com. And he can listen to you there. You can listen to what live as can be. All right. Okay. Well, you're a trash people. Okay. Oh, man. This guy ought to get a job at Taitonis. Five six of them. He can pick all those charges out. My, I mean, what's wrong with that? Why can't you open up a business and have a sign on the door? We don't want Polox in here. We don't want to use. We don't want to show up. Whatever you don't happen to like. I thought like a government thing. If I have a private business, right? Why shouldn't I be able to have like a sign on the door? If and like with, you know what they can do? Like with a shade of brown, like Malcolm, you know? And this had a picture of a shade of brown. If you're darker than this, stay out the same for you. Right. Or a picture of a nose. If your nose is bigger than this, stay out. All right. Things like that. Or if you need an oil change, stay the hell out. I don't see any problem with that. You know, if you, they could have like a guy checking your wrist at the door. If your wrist is too limp, you're out. We don't want you in here. Here's a mobile info. A lot of deal. Hello. Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. Let's just go back from a nice trip down to Australia, New Zealand. Really? And when we were in a bar in New Zealand, they had a lot of TVs on and one of them had CNN world news on and no sound or anything. And they showed pictures of the riots in Miami and the two New Zealanders next to us said, what island is that? My friend that I looked at each other said, wait, I'll kneel here. It was just embarrassing. We should say a word. The world is laughing at this. Oh, that was a weird way. Come please. They're there. They're falling on the floor laughing. And I don't have the copy of the paper with me, but it was in the USA today about two weeks ago. We got, I don't know, it was in the National Copy or what, but they were saying that a group of acidic rabbis have asked their people not to use the internet because it's connected to pornography. They can use the computer. Oh, yeah. That's right. Let's do make sure you think you wanted to get spoiled. Well, thank you. And if you have time, get the New Zealand. Okay. Thanks. Yeah, they had the New Year first by the way, they were in New Zealand. They were first to hit everybody else, wait, they're down under. Am I going to New Zealand? Oh, two in for. Whatever happened to a full of bugman, by the way. Oh, yeah. Service in Florida, man. My air conditioning works again, but he doesn't work now. I don't want to say who affected a couple weeks ago. And then I had my garage door fixed again. And just all of these things. I mean, uh, it's not like he used to be where you'd look at a phone book or you knew somebody and you'd call them up and they'd come and fix something like the first time in charge of your prayer price. Now it's just a question of how many times will they have to return and they're going to gouge anymore? Is what it's all about? And ordinarily do I really care about whether the heat works in the house or not? No, blast couple of nights. It's like freezing in there. But I'm not going to call them until after I find until after they take this tumor out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, and you know, it's kind of interesting. Remember, Norm can't have that 13-pound tumor removed? I think that stress from Greg Reed is what the creative now would be surprised at all. If I got the same damn thing, if I got like a big one in there in a tumor too. I'm serious. Sounds like a massive jugated lawsuit to me if I survived it. Like a big fat lawsuit. Stress lies BS Volschmet 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 T. Where I was lying here is Miami, hello. Miami? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, I'm probably done at first time. I'm probably. All right. What do you think? What do you want to say about my Donna going to Cuba to take care of her? Is cocaine heavy? Miradana? Yeah, the originating is not clear. He went to Cuba for cocaine? Yes. Why did he just come to Miami? Not to take care of her as cocaine, have it. What does that mean? He was, I think, cocaine. Yeah. He was driving him nuts. And what do you got to say about that? Maybe he can go hang out with Cecil. I don't know. What have I got to say about that? Do you understand what he's talking about? No. 5, 6, 7, over. Sir, let me answer the question right to the point. Like I usually do. That's what I have to say about it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60, are 18 and T wireless lines. The hits just keep it as you're just keep on coming. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil, Donna. I've listened to you for many years and I've just got the courage to call. Good. Hey, I was calling about the city link paper. I was just wondering if you saw the, uh, the normal can't spread there on the, on the centerfold. But that's funny piece on the mechanical. Yeah. It's just what does that mean above the norm? What? I don't know. I was saying a little bit out of the norm if you actually made. But yeah. Well, you'll get a little bit of a great say. How cool. Well, okay. What do you say? He wants you to send him back to Cuba. Okay. Well, that's what Ailya said. Did you see what I go back? I also thought he said you'll get a Taco Bell. A day without Ailya on baby. Let's have a party. I do not get an day to with anymore crap no more protests in the streets yet. No more fap, fap, fap, fap, fap, fap in any language, which were very appreciative of. Thank you. Five, six, seven, all five, 60 and pound five, 60 on the AT&T line. Got from Mendison, Tuesday, hasn't built up for that big game tonight. Oh, the macaroni. You know, it's interesting because I'll listen to like on Hank's rabbit hole, and people will actually call and say they were the heat game that I've before. We must not have the basketball crowd, which I'm not complaining about that. Because I can't imagine why any white person would ever, the black people can't afford to go see it. And why white people? Why would a white guy go see a bunch of sports? Is seven foot tall. Go smack it around in a ball too. I don't get it. And it would be very. It would be like fighting a needle in a haystack to find anybody in the audience who was in that game last night. Because I am telling you, it was vacant in that spacious new Mickey Mouse arena. They needed that like a lock and cup. That's what they say in Little Havana. We needed this like a lock and cup. See one thing about Yiddish there, it was just so like schmutz. You can say there's some dirt, but dirt is like, but schmutz, you got them schmutz out of your face. You know, you say it in German? 26 after one, I think there's a word called fired is what you say if you don't stop with a crap. We need those spots. We need no more pieces. Good show you. Baker, go call him Chris, look at that pepper. Who is your favorite player the most? Christopher, why do you need this? Oh, so Samuel, do you need a starter, and best of business It's very difficult. Why do things to wait? I found the board yesterday. Throwing in the place. Yeah. Throwing in the place. Throwing in the place. Well, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We need to know the race track. Let's get them to there. Because they just stand close. And you're stuck to just like all Hoover. This man's no longer going to be safe. And he's getting ready to light your home. Straighten out the open spaces. There's a good time to wear and wear. And I'm afraid it won't be digital. When they find out he's safe, it's crystal. Once he's ready to play. I can't afford it. Yeah. Throwing in the place. Well. Oh. Oh. Oh. There's a big guy. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. 133. 153. 153. 153. 155. 18. T. Wireless line. Excuse me. I'm gonna speak to magnetic. I got a benign tumor story for you. I'm in college and she thought she was pregnant. And she went into get shack and turned out she had this large tumor. to the large tumor and saw her outside of the grapefruit and they had removed and it was completely benign if I could have had a fragment of bone and tea than it. And what the doctor said this is a kind of like a vestigial twin that was that just began to grow at her in early 20s. And she and alien? No, no, but I'm maybe it's that's a fairly common thing. Did she know Sigourney Reaver or Rick? Or Bob? But I was thinking, you know if it turns out this could be like your long loss twin brother. That could be it. Yeah. You could bring it into work with from out of how high. Like Elvis's brother. Yeah. Give it a little kitty. Give it or anything. Is Elvis. Give me he's trying to make it come back. Maybe he's trying to force his way out. I have a serious question for you then. I think it's a viral thing is what I think at least I'm hoping because I'm not really looking forward to it like a, you know, 7 or 8 pound tumor. But I don't think they're going to find anything. I just don't have any confidence sick in the diagnose anything. Well, it could be a very easily mean nothing. Even if it is a tumor, it could be just totally benign. Yeah. And stuff is freaky to this. Right. I have a serious question for you though. And I know that you rag on religion, we talked about religion and I'm kind of anti-religious. But what about this stuff that's going on in China with the phone gone and with the, as far as the persecution of the long, long, long. Yeah. Well, these people are being locked up. I mean, that's the government decree that it's, well, what do you mean, what about? And what does there to say? I mean, they find the some way to repress. That's the way repressive totalitarian governments work. But what do we say? What do people have at the end of the square world, we're a screaming about religion. They were screaming about freedom. But the making difference because it made them off of the couldn't refuse. And there are a bunch of corrupt barbarians over there. So what should we done? What does America's, what should we do? I mean, how do we respond to it? To and we buy it so much stuff. It's just almost a possible, it finds things in the store that aren't made in China. The American public only cares about one thing is a work in the price right. That's all we care about. We don't care about freedom. I mean, I guess it's for as when you're Jewish and I'm right. I guess, but I mean, oh, if somebody had you spoke of the American people, it's spoken up in the 1930s. The American people didn't care. I don't understand. We were all isolationists back in the 30s. That was the last thing that they wanted was to get involved in the war. That's where that's right. And if ordinary for the fact that the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor, there wouldn't have been any, we wouldn't have been involved in the first place until maybe they were like coming into San Francisco with their brought words. You know, although I do like good German brought words. German sausage is good. No, yeah. And the brought words name bad either. Have a great day pal. Nothing like a delicious German sausage. I'll tell you that in Berlin or in colon, colon. Are you back on that colon again? I'm just Christ almighty. We give it a rest please. Let that thing heal up a while. 567560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a call in Boca. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Did you think it was weird earlier this week? How all those dolphins down on the keys started beating? Yeah, just as weird as the 85 calls we had about yesterday and was just as exciting them. Boring as it. Newspelash president like it enjoyed to play a lot. 567560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here is Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, a friend of mine has one of those surgeries done for up a nine tumor and basically it was so full. It was so full for, you know, for a couple of weeks. But, you know, I'd say he was up on his feet with about three full except of the surgery. Yeah. Well, first and all, let me see this. Why is everybody all of a sudden assume I have a tumor? Because I don't have pain all the way around places in different places, which would have to be one hell of a big tumor. Hey, I don't think it is. He's not an audience. All of a sudden is doing the incident diagnosis, which at least I'm making a shot, which is more than doctors. Right. Well, there's a thing I wouldn't think so because I had my appendix ripped out and I know exactly what it feels like to have something totally messed up inside you. Really? Yes, well, in other words, an accident one spot, right? It's constant. Exactly. And it's all like I was near death. Yeah. But, um, hey, and getting back to the early on thing that I hate to talk about it, but I would downtown waiting for my thoughts and all of the major TV stations are there. Can't try the federal court. So it looks like there's something going on and it's going to be another alien frenzy again this evening. Well, thank you. I would be playing a game in Broward and I thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. All right. You're at the copa. Thanks. Not. 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the 182 wireless line. It's a big tumor managed like a bowling ball. Now I'm starting to get like other associated, uh, sorted, you know, the likes and just from here in all this crap. 21 me 4 2 at 560 WQA. The sports leader sports radio 560 QAF. Fuck it in and hold it. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, or Warsaw Park, or Warsaw Park, or Warsaw Park, or Warsaw Park, or Warsaw Park, oh, oh biblical proper passage hall, or something like that, or because you don't have anything so So they can get you out of here. It's at the point where we can't stand it. Everybody's out of the door. I've all been really young, draggers. The group who took them does is far enough. Hey, hey, hey, young, darling. Why don't you go home? I don't go home. Hey, young, darling. There's so much in my case. Go home and leave us alone. I feel easy. Look, they're giving away three or three-nate green cards. Can I have one? I'm dying, darling. I'm dying, darling. 145, I'm 5.60, WQA. I'm just saying Josh Friedman still lives, and that's the bad news. Anyway, where were we going next? I can't wait to roll the hockey game tonight. I can spend all over my seat and spread it around a little bit. And then I can learn everybody come up and take a close look at my canker, so I'm my lip. Then if you look real good, maybe I'll be in kishi like I'm the lips too. Here's a mobile on West Bombay, chill out. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, my buddy, you don't have your nephew. Meaning, you don't know. That's something about nobody being bored or has an even bored or hundred of. Oh, and this is the first part. What do you say, Mama Lawa? 560, 560, pound five 60 on a year, a T&T wireless line. That's what happens when you've got a bunch of no-spiketing ladies, people running around while bop bop bop bop, even the George Don't know what he was talking about. Here's Virginia Key, hello. Hey, I'm from Neil, how are you? Great. I had to call you about that. Now, if you two were the guy who was telling you about it, it's called a Dermoi tumor. And I don't know if you remember they had a Guinness book show a while back. Hey, you talked about it. You showed us someone had a 300-some pound tumor. Maybe that's what I got. Maybe I really only weigh about 40 pounds. I just have a big tumor. She after the tumor was removed, she weighed 146 pounds. Wow. It was a Dermoi tumor. Now, the gross thing about Dermoi tumor is it's differentiated tissue. Meaning you'll get hair fingernails and even peep, growing, inside and this lumpy mass in your body. Wow. So, well, it's not really a plan, like the guy said, it's just a tissue that differentiates into all those weird things that your skin grows into. I do have a live polymer. What those are? No. Like my golden-reachered dogs get a misguided old nerve. If you're old and fat or even if you're middle-aged and fat, they're lumps. They're not in the internal organs, but they're in the folds of the skin, you know? Yeah. And all they are is annoying. Yeah. Maybe they'll yank that out or something. Yeah, I get out of the line. Okay. I can't offer. I just wanted to say, let me see if people are calling up and worrying about the dolphins. Let me tell you, they aren't actually doing that across these on these dolphins. So, there are things being done, just a lay-weight to some of the room on the off-connection. Well, they don't care about that. All they're worried about is that to try to make a joke out of it because the dolphins are stuck. Yeah. It's in football. Have a great day, pal. They don't care about dolphins, they don't care about animals. They're not dog lovers. They look at a mirror. They hate to mess up these people. And you show me somebody's not a dog lover. And I'll tell you right now. He's an asshole. Yeah, I'm a shadow of a dog. Here's Miami. You're talking about the Miami Arena earlier? Yes. They played a team last night at that five o'clock. They were the worst team in the league. Okay. My point is this. So, wait, but when they sold 19,000 tickets, why did somebody buy a ticket if they're not going to plan on going? Well, if you looked at the gang at the TV, a lot of the seats that are sold. That's a lot of the seats that were empty with the seats are laid down below. I mean, you know, those seats are paid for. There were seats empty all over the place. I mean, they showed they, you know, they took back the shot from the distance and the middle of the first quarter. And we have this on the highlights this morning. There was nobody there was half empty. I understand that. Yeah, that's true. My thing is little worse than the league. Now, my question is with the pants. When the pants were at Miami Arena, they sold out every single game. For a long time. Exactly. But again, the capacity was much smaller. Well, that's true. But since they moved the bow down, he, okay, they haven't sold out. And you know, that's not true. Last year, they sold out the hell of a lot of games. It's just this year. They haven't sold out one. But this year, last year, they had a trouble team. This year, they got a good team. They can't sell out and not only that, but the attendance has been even below what what it was in Miami Arena. The first year, no, it's not. The attendance averages about the 4,500 more than the older renailed. Well, I don't know. I see a lot of NPCs, what I go right because of the place holds over 19,000 people. What is the, what's the reason? I don't know what the reason is. I just think that a lot of the ticket holders in the county just didn't renew. Then that part of that is true and a lot of people are dead by tickets. They don't show off. That's true. Okay, pal. All right. Maybe if we stop blocking the road's off and date county, let those people have, you know, get on the roads and go where they want to go. You think that might help? I might do it. I'll be racing there. I don't care if I have to be there on a groovy. Just wheel me in there. I gotta see that game tonight. You don't want to say, huh? Just keep Josh Friedman the hell away from me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. There's just no legitimate. There's no answer for it. This is just a horse and buggy town and the people got a million different excuses. But there's no answer. If things aren't set up, just exactly the right way and it isn't just the right team and on the right day, the moon isn't in the right phase and whatever. They're not going to be bothered. They're too busy. They're too busy sitting home. Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go. You know, how come we're in by the way, we just say not tonight. Yeah. Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday now. We just say not tonight. So no more doctors or lawyers for Miami winning a million bucks on the air tonight. It's not a good show. Not a good show. So dumb. And for a million bucks, how far is the earth from the sun? I'm sitting there screaming at the DVD before they put the earth. It's 93 million miles. Learn that in grade school. So for a million bucks, they give us a marshmallow. And for like two thousand, it's like, what? Name the 16 dogs that Maya Angelou owned before she came out of the closet. Yeah, some stupid thing like that. I'm a what is that? I've heard it wasn't HMO as man. It's a piece of Schmidt. That's what an HMO is. Jim Mandage talks sports weekend. Yeah. I've sports radio 560. Hey. Where's my me? Train to your family to a stupid Italian meal that will have a blinded street. Thomas, Rigolotto, Rigodoni. Oh, make that the money paid by thousands of big Jamaican women in here net. You'll bang your fist on the table with every demand and threat that's printed on every noodle. Like you can't let them leave us cheese the day they cheeses. Or slice in hot with liver done. Rigolotto, Rigodoni won't stick to the pot. So clean up is easy. No much, no much. Don't be a front running pony. Give them Rigolotto, Rigodoni. Yeah, man. Okay, 155 at 550 WDQM. Well, I can't wait to go home and drink some more of that good. Good man. That's your clock sharp. Where are we going? Here's a mobile in Ojas, hello. Welcome, Neil. Yes, sir. I hate beating at dead horse, but I just had I feel I had to take something about that. Oh, I had pal B. It's this alien thing here. The alien. So I saw the lawyer on Channel 7 last night saying they don't want to send them back because all that'll happen as Castro will be. I saw that. I saw that. That was the jewelry where the schmoth out of the head. Oh, I see you around saying what a victory. Oh, wouldn't that hell are they doing down here? Right, making a circus out of it. There's no freaking difference. And that is not only that. Look at all the politicians from who aren't anywhere near Florida or South Florida, who have nothing to do with this, who all of a sudden are chiming in on this crab. Yeah, well, I wasn't. Why doesn't that? I and S called the US Marshalls, the US Marshalls will go to the house. Take care of them on a little puddle jumper and then them all. Good point. Come on, they made the ruling. Why are they enforcing it? I think about 11 o'clock tonight. We'll be good when everybody's asleep. All right, morning. Okay. I'll make you there. Okay. About 2 30 in a morning. Would be good. What do you say, huh? Oh, no, there's standing by in alert Joe Joe by Sulto. There he's got him all standing by. Ready to start hopping up and down like a bunch of almost Mexican jumping beans. Almost. Is there such a thing as a Cuban jumping bean? Huh? How does that horse meet coming by the way? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil, though. Yes, sir. How are you doing? All right. Things that you got a bunch of doctors calling it today. Everybody's in the next room. Yeah, got a tumor. I got a tumor. I got teeth in the hair. I mean, I'm really 18 here that you know, you've been diagnosed with a tumor today. Right. Yeah. Neil, the reason I'm calling. Um, Ali on, right? If he is sent back to Cuba, you think that dog would go back with him because I mean, he's gotten attached to the dog. And I mean, I would have a rewrite the protest because that dog is American. Yeah, that's a good point. Maybe we may be able to grant the dog U.S. citizenship. Do you ever think about that? Yeah, really. Better get it out more than the early antigross Rosanna Dan and tell her we got a grant the dog citizenship to get him one of those U.S. dog tanks. I mean, that dog goes to Cuba, the lead him in two days. Could be. You feed a family of dogs. Tell you what, I tell you one thing. It's a good thing they gave him a pony for a gift. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, that was bad. That was terrible. Where'd you get that thing with a Cuban to horse meet anyway? I just made that up to piss off George and he's on the full No, anyway. Here's a highly a hello. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, what is that? Oh, he was still on here. Oh, who? He said Josh Friedman is so he's an asshole. Effing fat. Yeah, he really is. Oh, which, you know, I know a lot of fat people like my friend fat rich. And there's me in Hank and there's fat people who are good people. And then there's fat people like Josh Friedman who are assholes. And despised by all universally. I mean, that for Bluff Lindsey who's usually so kind of like wishy Washing and weak need to go out of here this morning, yelling about Josh Friedman. He's an asshole. I thought that was a pretty ballsy move on his part. Just asked my good buddy Ray Whitney. What do you think about Josh Friedman? He's an asshole. He'll tell you. And by the way, Josh, you're going to hang around and practice too much down there to close the number 14.