560 WQAM Miami Fort Linerdale presents the Neil Rutgers program. Continental called 567-0560 toll free for David Rower, or pound by 60 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil, his guest's callers are anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions for the measly broadcast group. Now, Neil Rutgers on Sports Radio 567-20A have... There's a fact in the church. Yeah. I like it when the guy stopped by for a hummer. See you remember? Do you remember? When you got that hummer, New kids on the block really have smoke. Shiny suit have no... I am this if live when the guy stopped by for a hummer for a hummer. I like guys who start at home, they want to... They search as if they make their way. So they get along from my hummer from my hummer. Big one daddy stick it in my hand. I gave you a hummer at all began. He had the biggest one that I ever did see. It felt the floor when you tried to speak. When you unzip, I can't help but walk. But it's no thing that you just had to flaunt it. You wet my wish and attack big things that you can't play dumbass. No matter how many times you are, you can't make a sound cue. You want to lay and never get mad. I gave you a hummer and you wet that home. But now it's all done with the size of your bones. I still feel the love when you've played the disease. Now I'm a little bit bent like Alex Dickie and when I'm back to my new year 2 with him. It really doesn't matter the size of your sticks. The kids on the block really has some of them. I have no sense of lies when the guys die for a hummer. That was good 5. Just a WQM happy Monday to guess what? Oh that's right. I think I got the probable coming up. I was going to say that was the last football game of the year. Oh yeah, thank god. Great game though. Would they horrendous unacceptable ending? Unacceptable. Although I think we learned a lot yesterday. Didn't we learn a lot? That the reason that all these horrible things in people that pray like Cassie Bernal I grew in the school out there in Colorado. All these people that are praying to Jesus and God, he doesn't have time for you. He's busy. It would have football. That's right. God and Jesus, they're both busy, which I guess it's the same. It's the same kind of sort of. They're busy with football. Kurt Warner and Bruce Isaac, the two at the two worst God squad assholes. They hook up for the winning touchdown. I'm acceptable. And then you could see the hand of God reach out when a poor kid is trying to reach out there and align with two seconds left of the game and get that ball to the goal line. Just get it over to break the plane, baby. Break the plane. And God reached out and just smack his hand. Just slap the right in the post. Said no way Jose and his name wasn't even Jose. Well, God gets confused. But God is busy in those football games. And then of course, Kurt Warner comes there after they get, Oh, and Jesus, my Lord and Savior. Oh, man. Do I hate people like that? Or what? I mean, believe whatever crap you want to believe. I don't care what you believe. But why do you have to keep like the Bruce signs of crap I read on Friday about how he's so much better than everybody else. Isaac Bruce, whatever hell of a Gary Bruce. Guys with two names, what does it make which one you put first? That's the price you pay. What I call him. I don't care what his goddamn name is. Oh, yeah. Well, when he prays, he calls out the name of Jesus. He's invulnerable. And you could almost hear it from the sidelines. He just went to look like Tennessee was going to tie it up there at the end. He's a Jesus. No. And at hand, that ball just went bushwacked back from the goal line. What a bunch of answers. And you, all these people are brutal, man. Brutal. Even Joe Roastop, I'd have told me how grotesched it audience was in the worst team this morning. And we punched it up in the last few minutes. And they're at it again. Rip and poor Kurt Warner is wife who's a cancer victim. Just because he had that real ducky haircut. And looked like a real bull-like and he'd... She's a cancer victim. She had chemo or her hair didn't grow back yet. Now have I said that she looked real ducky? Uh-huh. And that she looked like a real bull-like and he'd... Uh-huh. Yeah, but it's bad. It's in bad taste. Because she was a cancer a person and she had chemo or hairs and grown back. Of course, she could have worn a wig. She could have worn like a hat. She could have done anything to look a lot less ducky. But she looked like a... Oh, man. Didn't you? She looked like a little bit Tom and girlfriend on a bad day. But that just the way it goes. What goes around comes around. It's all over. Oh my! Oh my! How about those commercials? They stuck. Yeah, most of them didn't. Now Joe has given me a song in advance about some... I must have missed those. Because I was channel serving especially in the first half. First half you must admit was pretty fondress. I mean really weak. So I missed a few of the spots. The one with the highman and I'll eat made me want to cry. That's how bad that spot was. I mean what was... Yeah, we know you got Parkinson's and you can't breathe and you're barely can move and you're shaking all over the place. I don't even know what the spot was for. What was it for? Web... Web... Healthcare. Web... Spastic... Web healthcare... Something like that. Webspas.com. All of those dot com spots. And even the eTrade dot com, which has got the great one. Why didn't they use that one on there that we've seen 50 million times with a broad with a perplish spot in the two with strange hooters. Hold hold hold, Debbie Debbie Debbie. Oh that's my favorite. That's one of the great. And did they put that on there? No. It's been in fact the one. What was it? Was it that one or was it that one of the others? So do spag dot com. It's as we just wasted two million dollars. How are you handling your money? You didn't see that one? In other words, meaning this was the worst piece of craft spot you ever saw in your life. How you doing with your money and invest with us. I'm sorry. Like most of those spots. I mean, even if they're amusing at the time, they don't leave anything with you. You don't walk away thinking, oh yeah, that spot was for a F*** off it. I had a hello was for and I'm going to go out and use their service or their product or something like that. Shocking astonishing tragic. By the way, Godfather's was very good on Friday. It would have been a lot better. Somebody wouldn't give in our good friend band directions there. But he got lost. If that thing would have showed up here on time, see the taco peaches. Not the one to have delivered. Which they don't deliver anyway. But that's not the one that travels well because he had to put the lettuce on here and then the other kind of cheese on top. And then he had a nuke at which the bottom part was already cooked. So there's no way even enough. But it ain't spied all that. It was still pretty good. So next time we get one. By the way, George is a homestick. Very, very, very sick with his damn flu. And of course his wife has been very sick with me. Merdency roam over him. He can't eat okay. But everybody's got real craft man. Real bad crap. Because God, he's to worried about that football game instead of taking care of our health. That piece of crap up there in the sky, wherever the hell he is. Where he's hanging out. He's more worried about Kurt Warner and Bruce eyes the guys at Bruce and Gary Bruce. So that's what he's worried about. Punched dumb jokes. That's what God has concerned about. And Tom Green, by the way, is very, very pissed because of the internet with all new morons out there that believe those rumors. What, what is this going to stop? What are we going to, ground up all the little infantile minds, which believe me, we'd have to have a big institution to put them away. All these infants, these computer nerds who spend all their time stirring up all these stupid idiotic rumors on the internet. Tom is wounded because there are so many jackasses out there who believe that he dressed up as Hitler at a bar mitzva. And he got canned by MTV, which is either one of those true? No, no. But when you live in that world of computer nerds, you assume automatically if you see it on the internet, it must be true. I feel very bad for us that we have to put up with assholes like that. Then of course, I've got 50,000 copies of the article about the apprease. All these priests who are dying from AIDS must be a mistake. Yeah, right. And then of course, we've got 75,000 articles. Great article by Tom Jika and one by Carl Heis and one of these dudes paper about the East situation. Oh, I've gone Air Boys, excellent. In fact, Tom Jika, please put the check in the mail because it's another example of a column taking directly from this show. I mean directly about 467 and 10. And the incestant drowning in the sea of Alyon. I mean, just just taking directly. Nice going Tom. Could have mentioned my name though. 8 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQA. Where's my me? You've heard of Squeak. You've heard of St. Now the Ferret Talks dirty on a crystal clear digital recording that can now be yours. Listen to the dirty talk. Take sure what he's doing to you. Let his words work their match. It's the Ferret Talks dirty. Available now for 69.95. Order today. Call minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQA. One of the perks of George still being on sick was we know we shouldn't be sick for a long time as that Joe is here again today. So Joe can share with you all the stories about his big birthday party on Saturday about the police showing out. Yeah. And I mean that conversation that you had with the clearance in there. I mean I wish I had that on tape. You were a eavesdropping. I didn't have to be eavesdropping. The door was open here to when I pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop. Can I just ask you a question? I don't want to start knocking those guys. And particularly that's absurd. Can I not just support their guy that we have 50 million. I'm running around here while cops can'd. So can't really do anything but think about some, but just make sure we don't worry about these guys at 9 per month. I mean is people appointed as sort of Scott Dirt say not a criminal report. He's nice in that way. Do not tell other people and you have to follow that way by the way and don't reveal it immediately on specific Chinese tire race. Was the city dangerous and you want to say that you do not think it is not a wipes. Did you hear that from them? It's a truth. Like John Wiener. Good. You know, he's got a winner. He's got the steady growth. Yeah. All the others not really. And how old are these people like 24, 25, 26. Mid 20, sure. Yeah, 27, 28, 29, 30, 31. No, no, no, no. Okay. Deffor Boca Brian, he was the Boca Brian did not belong there. Boca Brian, when he comes in, I'm just going to tear up his check. He did not belong there. You're birthday party. I've been missing a sound like an old trod, you know. That's bad. Oh, he was great. He was hilarious. But he didn't belong there. And how would you know, he was hilarious anyway, because you were stoned out of your mind. So what difference is it? I was not stoned out of your... Yes, you were. Plastered. Plastered slash stone. Plastered. I don't want to go into it now. Let's save it for later. So by the way, a very jackass finally gets something right. Oh, it goes to show if you're writing enough crap. So it's a little related to something's on target. You're right, Barry. The boomer blows. He blows. And every time they show the boomer with our Michaels in that booth. Yesterday in that game, it looked like Al wanted to jump out of his skin. Like, please get the cameras off of us and I'm embarrassed to be here. And please. I mean, and then the long shots in this man has nothing to say. His best comment is he's pathetic. The worst. The world's worst. The boomer. And there haven't these conversations like I debate. Well, as you really, does it take a rocket sign to see if it's going to be? No, if it's in idiot, he's got nothing to say. He's got a personality like I did man. You're a weak boomer. Take a hike, baby. So to speak. Get out of here. Get out of our push. So here we have the first of 4,000 reports facts to make copies of this, which I did hear it. And I did read it over the weekend. It must just be an aberration. You know, more of these isolated incidents. Kansas City, Missouri. Roman Catholic priest in the United States are dying from age-related illnesses. They're ready to rate four times higher than the general population. And the cause is often concealed on their debts or the bigots. Oh, I. According to a report in yesterday's Kansas City star. In the first of a three-part series, the newspaper said debts certificates and interviews with experts indicated several hundred priest of died of age-related illnesses since the mid-1980s. And hundreds more, living with HIV, the virus that causes the disease. I think this speaks to a failure on the part of the church, and our generation Bishop Thomas Gulligan, of the arts dyesies of Detroit. J. Priest and had a sexual priest didn't know how to handle their sexuality, their sex drive. And so they would handle it in ways that we're not healthy. The star received eight hundred one responses to questionnaires that were sent last fall to three thousand of the 46,000 priest in the US, the margin ver and the survey was three and a half points. Six out of ten priest responding said they knew of at least one priest who died of an age-related illness, and one third knew of priest living with AIDS. Three, four, 75 percent said the church needs to provide more education to seminarians on sexual issues. Now this is great. 75 percent of them said the church needs to provide more education to seminarians on sexual issues. Yet all these good-of-be in the catalyx where they go for counseling on marriage and hanky panky and birth control and this and that's where they go to their family priest. There's no fact in the church. What is in that pathetic or what? Why are you people going to wake up and step the damped hills? It isn't just that crazy, faggot already, Otania these things. It's the goddamn truth. Wait till we get to the stand-tone. This is the best. To show you what liars people are. How to be celibate and how to be gay at the same time? How to be celibate and how to be heterosexual at the same time? That's what we really never talked how to do. That was a major failing gumbelton said. Asked about their sexual orientation. Hang on tight now. 75% said they were heterosexual. That's what we really want right now. That's what we really want. As about their sexual orientation, 75% of these priests said they were heterosexual, 50% and today they were almost sexual and 5% said they were bisexual, let's see 95% that leaves out 5% I guess didn't have a f*** or whatever The Reverend John Keenan who runs Trinity House and outpatient clinic in Chicago for priests Sinibilese most priests were AIDS contracted the disease through same sex relations He said he treated one priest to an infected eight other priests Ooooooh! The star said for such number of priests who have done a vader become infected with HIV is unknown partly because many suffer in solitude when priest tell their superiors the cases generally are handled quietly quietly, we're in the quiet period The newspaper said in the case of Bishop Emerson Moore who left the arts sciences of New York in 1995 and went to Minnesota where he died in the hospice of an AIDS-related illness his death certificate attributed to death through unknown natural causes and listed his occupation as a labourer and the manufacturing industry After an AIDS activist filed a complaint official changed the cause of death through HIV related illness to star said but the occupation was not corrected No! The newspaper said the death rate among priests from AIDS appears to be at least four times that the rate for the general US population Some priests in behavioral experts believe that the church has scared priests in the silence by treating homosexual actors in an abomination in the breaking of cellulose vows as shameful to star said Catholic cardinals in the United States and high-ranking church officials in the Vatican declined request to discuss the newspapers findings of the star reported the Vatican referred questions to local bishops Bishop Raymond Volonov the Nazis of Kansas City said the AIDS that show that priests are human Much as we regretted he said it shows the human nature is human nature and all of us are ares to all of the misfortunes that can be forced to the pawn the human race Did everything to say about the fact that they're covering it up? No, we're sweeping you out of the carpet. No, that they rely a lot on it. No, that these people are totally unqualified to be counseling anybody on anything. No, no. Of course you didn't say that because it's bad for business. And we got one call on the board and it's got ten questions marks on it. That's not a good sign, Joe. Hello. Yeah, how you doing? Okay, sir. Yeah, I like to talk about the panthers and power boy. How good he's doing? 560, 560, 560, on the 18th, he wireless line. It's just got started right on the box and we've already got a chronic on there. Real jackass, a real decent asshole. Maybe it should have had 40 questions marks next to that. I think it's going to be a good day for music. We can get Goth on this brings more pizzas by today again. Oh, see, Joe's given a thumbs up. I can't do that every day. That would be bad. That would be very bad. I mean, I've done very well. I've done amazingly well on losing this weight. Feeling great. That would be very bad to impose on him a second time here today. Of course, George isn't here today, so you never know he might just be back tomorrow. And then we'll go and let him go to miss out again. And of course, all the stuff, all the fiber and whatever that is, and the gluten in there. It's good to soak up all the booze from that birthday party on Saturday. That all those prep you wasn't clowns from this radio station at 10 to 10. I really am I going to be embarrassed. This is a place that this is like a grade school. It really is. It's like a kindergarten. I want you to stand box with a pale and a shovel. I mean, you can't complain about the maturity level of HeroQA because it doesn't exist. There isn't any. It's like a f***ing non-existent. A bunch of like little children. Billy J. Craver wants me to song about these people. Little chillins. Tom Jicker writes television overkill victimizes Aliana second time. Nice going, Erta. Never get the credit. Never ever get the credit. These people, I mean, they steal and they steal from me. At least give me the credit. Like if we play somebody else's bit, don't I give them the credit? Bob and Tom. I'm not going to have a look at that bogus of cash. Whatever it might be. We give them credit. But not Tom. He's boy stupid. Who says two months of sound bites in Fury have signified nothing and resolving two, the two vexing questions regarding alien Gonzalez. No not the issue of whether he should be returned to his father in Cuba or be permitted to stay with relatives in Miami. The really crucial critical questions are the local TV stations realize how much they're overheated over below coverage is dividing this community. Also do they care? Do they care? No. If they haven't since the answer to the first question, they've got no business calling themselves journalists. They're continuing overkill coverage provides a resounding answer to the second question. The miraculous rescue of Aliana from the C.M. Thanksgiving Day is the kind of stirring tail that generally galvanizes the community and support and sympathy. So it was in the early days of the story. That's the so it was. However, the subsequent excesses of local TV news have created in that atmosphere in which a substantial number of South Americans don't care where Aliana goes as long as he goes away. Oh, amen. In effect says Tom, the news departments of channels 4, 6, 7 and 10 have re-victimized the umstereon there attempts to panorow a small group of zealots. Did he say 4, 6, 7 and 10? There is no disputing that it's a small group. There are more than a half a million Cuban Americans in South Florida. And even at the most crucial moments of the two months vigil outside Aliana's little Havana home, there have rarely been more than a couple hundred demonstrators. Wednesday correspondence on the scene of Aliana's reunion with his grandmother is reporting the crowd of about a hundred allowing for plainclosed detectives and the like even this might have been a generous count. This does not mean that the rest of the Cuban American community, the community at large for that matter, is indifferent to Aliana's faith. It's just that most of South Florida has been able to keep the matter in perspective. Something the local TV folks have been unable or unwilling to do. Those are our situations such as this path Monday and Wednesday. When almost the attack broadcast,pectrum was common deered for hours to essentially reporting nothing. The motorcade from Aliana's home to Miami Beach was treated as if it were the white Bronco chase or the allied forces of the occupying Kuwait. Speaking of the right Bronco, he's backed by the way with Channel. He's back. OJ, he's moving here. It's all over him yesterday. Tom goes on to say, this despite the fact that it was well known, the procession was going to end with the media excluded from the only newsmaking event of the day. In the light of this news briefs and regular newscast could have done the job. And you've had anything on foreseen to replace an instantaneous shift to the scene would have been tailed into the push of a switch. Given the lack of genuine news correspondent to Anchor's vent with inane and irresponsible speculation and rumour wrong ring, almost all of it intended to curry favor with the most extreme anti-caster segment of the exile community. WSVN Channel 7 is might be expected with the most outrageous behaving like one of the strident radio talks stations that herringed communist 24 hours a day. WSVN never described or the options of Aliana being reunited with his father. Unfailingly it was Aliana being returned to communist Cuba. The explanation for the unacceptable behavior around the dial is simple. Cuba Americans make up about a third of the Miami-Fortloader ALTV market. No station wants to seem insensitive to their concerns. If your rivals are going wall to wall covering Aliana anything less than your park could be interpreted as a slap at this important segment of the audience. If nothing else, the leaders of the extreme fringe of the exile community have been split at least successful in framing every issue when they, if you're not totally with us, you're against those mode. The irony is many of those on the fringe turned to the dependably friendly Spanish language media for their news. So the English language stations risk alienating their core audience with little upside. They're willing to play this game of friendship because there's no place else for the majority of the market to turn, no meaningful way to register their protests. Well, there is one way, says Tom, by turning off the set and denying these newscasts, the ratings that are their lifeblood, the February sweep start Thursday, your move. Nice going, Erton. 4, 6, 7, and 10. You should all rot and hell I'll say it again. And I notice now they've kind of come down. If you notice that they've come down because there ain't nothing going on, just like there was nothing going on in the first place. And now the relatives say, oh, this is the best. This is our mondial goodieras son of a bitch. This guy says, oh, well, you know, get going from the house and I would come down. And basically they were told that just like Spencer, I, the schmoth had attorney was told, cut the crap, cut the crap, or else. Yeah, this clown, our mondial goodieras family spokesman, you know, does your family have a spokesman, by the way? I said this yesterday, the only people I know with a spokesman is the panther, he's they got a spokesman, I don't know anybody else with a spokesman. We don't think immigration officials were trying to take alien away, which having the media outside the house stopped them from doing he said, but now we want to meet you to back off. There are any person in their right mind who believes that because those assholes were hanging them outside, those 200 toothless wooden Indians, that they were hanging out to that the iron has didn't take the kid away. Anybody believe that with a brain? No. Well, congratulations, get a life. Good. Pathetic. And this is why almost everybody has been turned off no matter what they think about this little kid, even if they don't think about it, we're turned off for pissed off. Because the Jose Basultos and the Raul Sanchez, whatever his name is, Saul, Du Spag and Armando Guderias and Rick Sanchez, all of these people. And then they have another big float till again yesterday with all the boats out there carrying on like a bunch of boy scouts in the water. Why? What does this happen to with anything? Nice going there, Tom Jika. And like I said, Carl Haisen's got a great one, which I guess I'll read too, because look at this, there's only one call on the board. It's going to be a desperate Monday. We're all recovering from Jose birthday party on Saturday. Call a police. 26 past 10 at 560 WDQ. I'm Call of Cop. Get him right now, God damn it. We've got with the first team, Joe Rowland, Jeff DeFaris, and Steve Goldstein, we've been morning to six. Only on sports radio 560 QAM. I'm Call of Cop. Yes, the wind's you're up and he's final son who should have died to first the world of the Jewish Church. The third ride, day fly boy, knock it back for the blow. Here men's love good for the earth. I must as much as they love smooth, blonde-arian boys, and sense the blouse the only thing rude with slow roasting Jew. I'm Call of Cop. And the blouse the earth. We've got a gun, B. Thank you Mr. DeFaris, Archinda. 1035-50 WQAM. So any of you sports nerds get laid in your party Saturday or not? No. No. The answer is obviously no. No. The closest the clearance came as like a little suck on the arm. And that way that way goes by the way, it was Joe's arm. What is it? He was doing well until the arm suck. And Kelly started sucking on her arm and she just said, no. Get away from me. You creep, you stupid sports nerd asshole. You see, I find it's very distressing. Maybe if they would like find like a life for their own instead of trying to be like little underling clones, you know, following some people around like the strip bars and going out and getting, you know, booking for themselves. Maybe if they like put their own feet on the ground so to speak. You know, on established like an identity as a human being. It was all very entertaining. I'm sure. And what about poker Brian? It was all very entertaining. Like I said, okay, 560, 0560, 550 on the AT&T wireless line. This is a sad, sad bunch. Really it is. Not bad, but just sad. Here's a mobile and forlaterdale. Hello. Hey, so that's to get worse now. We have two media problems worse than everything you just read. Yes. One is number 10, Richter, Ka-Vlob. Get an over to number 27, Ray Whitney. And the other is, hey, Jenny, look at the smile on the face of a relative. You know, Jenny, tell your life to smile when they tell you about. What are you talking about? The media is sick and need to help badly. Okay, thanks. Well, I can see this is going to be some kind of a day of taking two calls so far that you want belong on the air today. But have anything to say? No. No. Holy sweet Jesus man. Friday, we had a great day with an e-free day. I'm not going to do that today though because there's too much e- Stuff like the Jika column and the Carl Heissen one, which I will get to. Maybe I'll just read them all over and over again, especially the Jika one. Well, the wife should have read it because I already said that myself before he picked it up. Nice. Good night's putting that into a column though, Tom. I like that. I mean, some people see my material. They were crappy job of it. But when Tom does it, he doesn't make nifters in job. I really laying it right out there for you. Because really what it boils down to is that the people who speak English in this community. I'm not just talking about so-called angloes. I mean, anybody who's capable of speaking English even if they're Hispanic. Well, we don't want to be inundated with the same boring crap 24 hours a day. We're not into with that deeply in heavily. If don't affect our lives. And we take deep offence and bitter offensive, the fact that we got a bunch of clown assholes on there on 4, 6, 7 and 10, especially preempting our programs, preempting our soap poppers, one of their own making and Rick Sanchez getting on a cell phone and trying to inject himself irresponsibly into a news story. Absolutely positively unacceptable. The fact that some of these people still have their jobs, sure is you have what a bush league town is really it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. It may be noon before we get our first wheel calm here this morning. We're back to these kind of Mondays again. Well, it's after the Super Bowl, you know. And it came in pretty late last night about 10 o'clock after most of their bedtime. Here's my me, Pete. Hello. Hey, good morning, I'm here. Hey, the reason there was that fertility yesterday was it was a nice day. It was a nice day out there. They wanted to get away from the wives. You know, it was a good reason they had the, uh, fortale. On our, on our service now, I wonder if you could get us the facts numbers for the the station seven, uh, four and, um, all you need to start a big campaign on here. People facts in the station. No. No, Tom Zick had the right idea sir. Turn it off. Just turn their news off. Watch the programs you like them when their news comes on. If you have an eels and things just shut it off. And screw them. Stick it to them. Because they don't, they don't give a crap. I've got all kinds of facts as people send me. Yeah, some of some lame responses from the TV station, some of no response. I got one here this morning. You got a fact that's great facts over the channel seven. Did you get a response? No, you got to get a response. They don't care. Don't you understand they don't care about us. So the only way you're going to strike back is if you got the neals and things hooked up, just turn it off during their newscast. Anything local or just turn it off all the time if you want. Like channel seven. When it down turned to tune it out, tune on whammy. Now Joe was telling me about the new, uh, strip poker thing they got the new show, which is like taking tens to another level. See instead of doing it in increments, I realized this is America. We don't want to show too much hot flesh on a year, but since it's on 11 o'clock in night, what was the guy that was on he was on it's 12. Richard Bay. Remember the Richard Bay show? Yeah. From New York. Yeah. We used to. We had his a fact producer on a year a couple of times back in the IOD days. Richard Bay. Bay. When it was Richard Bay or nine broadcast plaza. No, when it was the Richard Bay show and he had all the hot looking young people with very, very little clothes on. Sometimes it no excuse at all. And who needs to have it excuse to see that's the problem. Why does it's like, who wants to see a storyline in a porn movie? No, nobody wants to see a story life. Just get to the action baby. Nobody wants some goddamn story line. Oh, but if there's a storyline, it's not so pornographic. And the same thing we're putting hot young, a scanley clan people on the year. Nobody wants some song and a dance. Nobody wants a plot. Just put them on there and let's see him do a little grab ass and whatever you can get away with and everybody wants to see that right? Do you bet your sweet ass? Because please don't insult me by telling me that Brittany Spears is a great singer or that Jennifer Lopez can sing it off out of a paper sack. Sir, if you stuck a gun up her. He couldn't sing and it had to be a big gun, too, by the way. It gets lost in Jennifer's case. I mean, don't give you wrong. Brittany is a very, very, very, very lovely young lady who's a legal age now. But nevertheless, is she a great singer? No, no. Thank you. Dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad, dad. It's on time so I'm making you know, there you go. Yeah, people want to see hot stuff. That's all, why do we have to be such liars about it. Why do we have to be such prudes about it? People want flesh. Unlike of course, our sports there, guys. You just want to get hooked up with their books. I wonder what happens when clearance sucks is bookies Army. You think that gets brownie points for that? Yeah, I said is armed. What I said Joe? Oh, here's a four-later nail. Hello. Hey, how you doing there? Pretty good sir. Yeah, well, I called you once on Tattone alone time ago, but yeah, I wanted to get him power with the Zelian thing when Channel 7 had a survey on the call there. 900 numbers last Friday about Shitty Lian go back and not, yeah. I called that number for two hours and I had somebody called in Miami for hour. Nobody got too. Where was that survey? I was a little bit a little bit a little bit. I never saw a result on that survey. I did not want to because I tried to call it for two hours, but if it's many times the day voted in election. Right. So I didn't even get through. So whatever it put up for us. I think Rick Shanton's probably had the lines tied up. I think he was fixing it. Yeah, well, I wanted to start with that guy. He did. He did. He's daydman. Ladies and door-nail. That's my point for the daydman. Okay, about praise Jesus. All right. That's what Kurt Warner and Bruce I was the Kaiser Bruce said. Praise Jesus. Look at that we won an FM game. Oh, God. I mean, is that play happened? I'm picking it up and what was the defensive back looking at it and I played by the way? He was lost. He needed a compass in a road map. Here they made this phenomenal comeback. They tied the game up. There's a couple of minutes left in the game. Get it to overtime. Now you got you be having a chance. And he's like out there wandering around and I guess Jesus probably pushed him away because Isaac Bruce said Jesus. Jesus. Yeah. He called out for his Lord and Savior. And there's wicked arm from up above kind of spun that defensive back right around around the wretched and he just took off and hold ass right in the end zone. So when you're like, if you're on a plane and a plane is like bouncing around and dropping 10,000 feet at the time and you're fear for your life you're going through a miserable storm. If you're out there on a highway and you're like, car starts skidding around. Don't pray to Jesus because you don't have time for you. He's busy with a football guy. See this answers the question we've been asking for years on this show. How come they have all these, you know, these are Christ for athletes for Christ breakfast and prayer groups and all this stuff because God is heavily into that craft. Just like our sports there, God, God's probably got a bookie. God is God needs GA. What do you think they call it GA? 22 before 11 at 5. 60 WQAM. So how many versions do we have to kill and sports department by the officer? Hey, Captain, we know this call. Turning him in. So the last key is weeknight. Only on sports radio 5. 60 in 8 hours. It just keeps getting bigger. Hello. Hello. I was calling about the why but you have to say in the paper. Okay. What kind of wabbit body? Okay, I have some rocks. Yeah. I have some rocks. I've spotted rocks and some solid color rocks. Oh, wonderful. And I have a straight year ago and I have two doors. What was the wall? There's my rabbit. Oh, okay. We have a farm. I like to play with the rabbits on the farm. You wouldn't happen to have any like little rabbit handcuffs. Did he want? Little handcuffs for the rabbit. Yes. I don't know. I never heard of them. What? Well, we use them when we hunt them on the farm. We like to hunt the rabbits. And we take them and nail them to a twee by the ears and then skin them alive. They're one. Hello. And now what I think that's what you don't do to these rabbits. Or I couldn't say you are ready. We have a little game we play called All Wabbit's Must Die. No sir, no sir. I wouldn't say you are ready. That's for $50. I like to hunt the rabbits. Well, that's okay. You go out in the wild and you hunt rabbits. The bees aren't for peel. I like to put them in a little pin and then hunt them down unmercifully. No, sir. I'm sorry. Then say you're ready. Sometimes we even spare them due to head with a wasty water. 1043 at 560 WQA. I could see this is going to be a real weiner here today. It's been a John Weiner. This is going to be desperate. Here's a facts from Bonnie who says I just can't get away from Alien. I'm at the hockey game Saturday in the handicapped section for 19 in Walk 4 young people who seem very nice. As the game began in Pavellbury was racing down the ice. One of the young men jumped up in screen. Score one for Alien Pavellito. Although I wish Pavell would score all the scores. This time I'm almost glad he didn't. We just can't get a break from this. Not even the hockey game. Woman's poor Bonnie from section whatever the hell I was from the handicapped section. Scrawl one for Pavellito. Alien. Or is it the other way around? I'm confused. 560 50560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. This is lame here this morning. This is really lame. I should have called it in sick like George. Here's a mobile and coral geobals. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. It's one watching at a dealer one of a few people on radio who's got guts to tell what it is. But there's a gentleman who stepped up to almost the old level. I don't know if you ever read the comics in the newspaper. Read the comics. No. The comics are a size bruising in the newspaper this morning. And if the comics are called boondocks and they just have to court my eye the head of the black entertainment network criticized the cartoonist. I have to do with racially motivated things and not keeping up with the black people. If you have when you get a chance to look at his answer and the cartoon with each room, regarding black entertainment network, you'll really see the big guy answered back. I mean reverse racism and it's finest. It's really a pleasure to see somebody. You might suggest he gets that his thumb in it too. Okay. Have a great day sir. Whatever you say. 560 560 560 on a 18 T wireless one. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neil. I heard the I read the column when I was the year show and I have to tell you the column wasn't necessarily a takeoff of the year show because I could have written the same column. It's the most annoying situation. I think we all feel like we make no difference whether we're taking from the shore now. Yeah, it's not. Let's give him time a hard time. Oh yeah. Did you notice that they had the big pic getting about the Georgia flag at the dome yesterday in Atlanta? And Jesse was upset about that too again. I think the temperature drops five degrees and all of a sudden that becomes like a non-issue. The same way this became an issue they did the float tell us. It's just the weather's nice. The whole thing is absurd and it isn't annoying the community. For a while I watched Channel 4 and they were actually I think trying to be halfway newsworthy. Not one Elliott Rodriguez with that name. Then they went crazy too with Channel 7. Oh, oh, I'm bad you mentioned that. What the hell's your name? The one that crazy one that's always laughing like a Hein and Angela Ray. She laid a dinosaur rag on Friday. She lost it. She just she started to cackling and laughing so I thought they were going to go with straight jacket and drag her ass off his head. I mean this woman is not well. She really needs serious health. She needs assistance. I can say that Rick's fantastic is an utter joke. Tonight is nice. Sir, it's not a joke though. It's not funny. Here is a guy. It's a bad answer. Sir, listen to me. Here is a man who is supposed to be reporting the news who starts hyperventilating because he starts interpreting things that he sees on a monitor with this plane out there at the Tammy M. Earporter, which her opalock airport, whichever one it was. And so he wants he gets on the cell phone and tries to call the car with the with the Miami family and little kid in it to tell him to turn around and go home because the grandparents are going back to Washington. I mean just totally unacceptable. Here is a man who is trying to interfere in the goddamn news and into a government arranged meeting. And his man is the joke. It's pathetic. His man is with the count of fit. Oh, and that's where I'll just take you by the channel 7 so that's the answer for. Just say no to 7. Everybody just say the channel 7 can I'll see it to audio. I'll read it to you guys. Okay, that this come all up set too. I want to get hurt to Pistau. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. Are you doing okay? What is it? Okay, he's gone. 567. 560. 560. 560 on the 18T. Here's a mobile and Oakland park. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yesterday in the real estate. Is there something I'm missing here today? But it seems like everybody's a little slow here this morning. I must admit something. Yeah, probably. Anyway, yesterday in the real estate section of the Sun Center mental. Yes. Someone bought a house and closed springs for $150,000. Yeah. And they print is the address. You know, the buyer was? No. Number 10 on the Panthers. Yeah. They printed his address from the paper. So why not? What's wrong with that? Wow, I don't know but nobody here knows who that is. Yeah, really. They won't bring it. But anyway, I thought it was interesting. Everyone in any way doesn't see where he lives in a Southern building. You know, my buddy Charlie Alphiari lives in the same building that he lives in. No secret. I used to deliver Charlie Alphiari's nail on that. Well, I'm happy for you sir. Oh, oh, I can't take this. I'm going home right now. I'm having my recurring recurrence of my QAM disease. This bunch of people that I have just spoken to in his first 49 minutes of this show this morning. All I can say to everybody is, oh, get me out of here. Get me out of here. Talk about a bunch of lifeless wonders. This guy has claimed to famous. He used to deliver Charles Alphiari's nail and they put, he's looking through the guy. I mean, what person would see that? What kind of a person would see that in the newspaper? Do you know how big the Sunday paper is? I spent about five minutes. I go on get the papers. I bring them in and I take the, uh, the condoms off the papers, you know, and I spent about five minutes going through and throwing all of the crap that I'm not going to read into the big brown garbage thing before I take you to the stuff in the house to read, which is about 90% of both papers. How could anybody, even with a minimal semblance of a life, find such a thing, A and B be concerned about it? Oh, number 10 from the panther is he's buying a house. Wow. This has really been a fly open. I'll tell you that. Make no mistake about it. We may have to get pizza from Godfather's after all. What are you laughing about? I don't know what you're truckling about. I would think you'd be a champion at the bit, so to speak. Whatever you want to do on for it. Yeah, right, which means he wants to go ahead and only can't impose on them again. I'll at least the guy would know how to come here. See, I don't count that as a real test on Friday. That was like a dry run because he got lost. And by the time he got to stuff here, it was just the plus that isn't the one to get when you're having only one. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, I just want to hear the sound of my own voice on the radio. That's what it sounds like. How are you? Okay. You know those people with the meal sometimes? Yeah. If I just get a TV, if I took about time to the meal, something, they could still watch their news, but it doesn't could they don't get me credit. Well, why would they want to watch that news? That's what I don't understand. If they're drinking and moaning about, why do they want to watch it in the first place? Like some people like to be annoyed because they're whole life. That's what gets their juices I don't. I will not watch channel 7 news again. I know, but you've been saying that for years. You know, I have not. What have I, what did I say that? How old do you know about living in the Rick Sanctuary? I don't. I really watch channel 7 news, but when you, and I don't know everything he's doing, but when that stuff was going on, did you have an alternative? Can you turn to someplace else? That's true. I mean, that there was going to be a chance to review a bounce from one to another to see if anybody's going to give you a relief from this crap, which they didn't. No, it didn't, and I was like, I'm not. It's a state. And it's only an answer. And the only reason I knew Rick Sanctuary has made the call is because somebody called it. I didn't see that. Somebody called it and tell me about it. The major heads of state visiting other world capitals never got over it's like that. That's that thing. Okay, and have a great day. Don't start. I've been breathing too hard. 560, 560, pound 560, on the AT&T Wireless line. I'm after Recurl Hysons playing at Alien Editor. I may have to read that. Do I want to read it? No. No. I want to talk to some moving and breathing people out there in radio land. Oh, but it's Monday. I'm going to take every Monday off from now on. I'm tired of the excuses. Like I told it before, this is a town of excuses. They don't show up to ball games. They don't support anything else. They certainly don't support us here with with any kind of a response 90% of the time. And a hundred percent of the time on Monday. Maybe over the years there've been like three Mondays when something extraordinary was happening or was given something away. Maybe over the course of 24 years in this town there've been three Mondays when we had like a real show. And the rest of the time, oh, we're sorry, but we're too busy pretending we've got a life. And of course, the people we're hearing from today, they have a life. Oh, no, that's why they're calling. They can't even put on an act. My clearance. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah. It's a change that's subject here. What did it talk about? I've yet. Yeah. Yeah. I'm 27 and I've been diagnosed with the two. What do they say about our drinking beer with that? You know, they said an undergarve all? Oh, and I want you to say what do they say? Who's they? Who's they? What are they? I'm talking about I've yes, your mouth is in there. But you said, what do they say? Who's the they? Oh, your doctor. What do you tell you? I don't care. I see he didn't tell me anything. Is that on drink? My answer would be, no, don't do it. Really? Just stop and use some common sense. You got an irritable bowel, booze is going to like like pouring acid into a cauldron. Really? Really? A hundred or a car liquor just like beer and stuff. You know, beer here and there. No, don't do it. Till it clears up. Really? I also work in the same process, but Pete's walking over to that guy Jeff Cohen getting mail at the mailbox. Yeah. He's a funny looking guy. He's got funny nails. What's the story with that? Listen, I'm going to hook you up with the guy from Carl Springs that once got the mail for deliver the mail to Charles Alfie or his house? Oh, this is. Joe's cost all does it again. Every time without fail, something really special happens on the show when you're in there. Something really astonishing. It's Monday. This happens every Monday. I think you do this. Even when George is here with his intellectual crowd. Good point. That's right. When George is here with those intellectual colors, come on, George, you can get out of the sick bed. I'll make way for you. I'll get, I'll give me a 15-minute head start. So I don't want to catch any of what you got. George, you come on and do the show from your sick bed. Going home. I can't handle this crowd. This is, this is an unruly crowd today. Yeah, I see that guy Jeff Cohen getting a mail out of his mailbox. He's got strange fingernails. Woo! Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Hey, I wanted to talk about the sister Mary Theresa there. The one that went up and started lobbying the Congress or whatever. There's Mary, Casper, Jesus. Yeah, that one, yeah. Am I the only one that can realize why the grandparents, the grandmothers, or Larry about being in this country? No, they've been very well-preying. Watched plus they see all these crazy agitators out. There's some of them more going. How many is the commonly stuck out? And there are a couple of old ladies anyway who are like, you know, from a central country. Exactly. They're professional cubans and they've been brought up to believe that, you know, we're the parents and we're the bad guys. Right. And the Cuban mafia and Miami don't forget about them. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I got a shameless request for you. And what was the need for all these other people to be in the house next door in the waterway behind the house? What was the need for them to be there? All of a sudden just to be agitators in the create that nervousness, but anyway. But did they have their teeth? Yeah. Can I get a shameless request? Yes, sir. Can I get a trick? Is that if I could get dug up? Do you all this properly? Okay. All right. Thank you. You got it, pal. Bye, bye. Wow. I'm telling you, these people must all been Jos, birthday party, sir. Uh-huh. These must have been the people that got lucky. Uh-huh. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line that other town line. It's sitting there waiting desperately for a voice from the outside world for something for some input. Eight, seven, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, sixty, three, four, five. Please, someone come and rescue us here in South Florida. We're drowning in the sea of f*** crap. Eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, sixty, three, four, five, ten, fifty, six, and two, I am. This is five, six feet. Two, a, yeah. Jim managed to cross four. A riot right here. A fourth radio five, six feet. Two, eight, now. Help me with two, eight, hands, first time. I have a good body, pal. I will have less than my soul with wrongly some Marie. Now we got a purvert of the family tree. I'll stand in my grave and I'm about to throw up. I can't get his ass to the, he got his ass to get his blood up. Two, eight, eight, eight, I will my life is a riot in my arms fell off. To cold in the grave, I got a nasty cow looking a pops-cop of night, but a cup by the zass. If I could get dug up, I'll ho, two, eight, well a break is jawing even too black ass. The nose was swell up so it's original sad. I'll leave you as skin till he's all gone. I'll bend him over while a cheer blurs off so too. Me, you're playing the rhythm that you love me. Bring a back home to the cemetery. There's a lot of love and pity by the god of beat up, but I can't. A little so get dug up on. Hey, somebody's digging me up. I think it's really symbolic when the king dies on his strong. I think there's something really beautiful about that. It's 11 o'clock at 5.60 W to Q a m. Here's the facts from Dr. Rick. Not Dr. Dick, but Dr. Rick who says, go back to no more colors. You need to take a break from the losers at least into the tomorrow. PS no cheese for your IBS little rip you away. Rectome ass. This is don't do it. And then he writes it to bottom of that. No, no, no, no, no, no. Thank you, Dr. Rick. We're good idea. No, no pizza. Can't eat that cheese. I've been cutting out the cheese, by the way. And I think that's why I feel so much better. I think I have lactose intolerance. Because I eat like I said on Friday too much Dan cheese. I cheese with everything. Cheese and cheese and cheese. And of course, cheese comes from milk. Do I drink milk? Oh, thank god for that. Because milk unlike beer milk is bad for you. That's what Rick and said, milk is bad for you. Remember that song? Don't do it. Here's some bad news, by the way. Which bluff just came in or handed me this memo. To Duff Lindsey from George Corso, carbon, cocky, a copy cocky to Greg Reed. I talked to the technical sales manager with telesystems this morning about the new telephone system that we ordered for Neil Rogers. Shipment of this product is due the middle to end the February. This means we will not meet the Valentine's Day installation deadline. I will schedule installation the system as soon as we see you. Says George Corso are sometimes engineered. So we're going to have it on February 14th. As Greg Reed came in here and adamantly told us that absolutely positively right in your blood. No. And of course, come March. We'll be a year that we've been up here on the 34th in this studio and right from the get go right from the first day right out of the box today saying this phone system was a piece of pure crap. Wasn't working. Here we are almost maybe we can schedule a full system to be in the new phone system simultaneously well and they finish the construction project off. Yeah. Would you notice that beautiful Parkle Board desk sitting out there that if you breathe too heavy, it's going to fall apart. Nice going again. Greg. We went to that break. We had eight calls on the board there. Look to me like we're starting to build something really exciting here on a Monday and now there is one. All I can say is you people are lame. L A A M. Real lame. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil more than. Yes sir. I'm trying to shake off the lameness. This is pathetic. Yeah. I'm real concerned about the Catholic church now. I think they're going to lose membership big time. No they're not. No. Why is that what makes you say that? They got to get the wait for us from all these priests there with A's. They know they know you can't confuse them with a truth. Nothing stops them. I mean we've known about that for years. It's not going to stop them from going. All the pedophiles. They don't care. They're so they're so goddamn brainwars. They can't drag themselves away. Can I talk about the peddors for a quick second? About about I was at the game. The devil's game and that's failed at the buckle. I haven't seen anything worse than that since that I've a lunch game last year where they gave up the for nothing leading the last buray. Five nothing. Five nothing. That was terrible. I got a message to all the people that want to jump on the bandwagon at April because I'm still with them. You can't sit next to me. I can smell you a mile away or you've been wagging jumpers. Okay. I got it for something else to do. Okay. I thought he was going to break the trend of band call. That's it. And then what he said he wasn't writing to do it. It was news already. Five six seven. Oh five sixty. Palm five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Is there anybody living and breathing out there today? And you know the interesting part of this whole deal at least what it comes to this audience. Talk about liar liar pants on fire. You can talk because I know I'm expressing it from the way I feel about it. This alien crap it's disgusting and jica had a great column there that I read. But for the right to these people it's just something else for them to bitch about. And when you're not talking about that look at this deal here today. We have an at 55,000 hours of coverage over the weekend because there's nothing going on quite frankly and hearing is like for a 75 weeks away. So now these people have got no material. They love it. They thrive on it. You go through the editorial pages letter after letter after letter after letter to the editor. People 90 percent of these people will never write a letter to the editor. But now all of a sudden give some material in this otherwise terminal. Hopeless place. Here's Naples. Hello. Hey good morning. Yes sir. Dave Naples. Two comments. New. Love you, show. Seconds. He has met a new so if you haven't tried it. Is a best thing in the world. It's done in the same daylight one time. They couldn't eat up and a toilet. Yeah. And it works. I guess you know I don't have any problem. I'm feeling great. I've never problem at the moment. I've been out the table. My walls are great and my life is a fuel sensational. Hey, that's great supposed to be by God. Right. Second thing here that's an alien crap. That's what that was a second thing. Yes. How much are the taxpayers being charged crap. All of this. Well, since you live in Naples probably you're not the being charged any of them. No, but the federal get involved. All these people get involved. They keep drugged and paid for the job. Yeah. It's cost for taxpayers and bums and money to scrap. It is. And if we're really worse. If. Let me ask you the the the the INS people you're talking about. Those are the only federal people I can think of at this point. Yeah, they're on probably a salary. You know, they get paid. I'm going to be extra expenses. I'm not. I wouldn't worry about it. Yeah. I'm not. Okay. Stick with them. I'm useful. I have a great day. They're doing that. I'm useful over in Naples. Let's hear it. 560, 560, Pond 560 on the 18 T wireless line. Any young ladies out there out of the age of 40, Josh Darrell and our sports department would desperately like to get late before midnight. Didn't they came different with your Harry or grotesque? At least if you shave this morning? At least facial hair anyway. Or does my kid difference? Like I said, don't worry about it. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. I got something maybe a little bit really probably tired of hearing about it. But that John Rockerting, majorly baseball associate for critical. Meanwhile, they're upset about what he said. But meanwhile, when Native Americans go to teams like, you know, Cleveland and asking the clean up the image of their mascot, they say 560, 560, Pond 560 on the 18 T wireless line. I'm playing some music today. I'm going to sit back. I can't back up my feet up on the desk. Not eat anything. I'm going to be on my best behavior. You won't be too happy about that. Well, what else could I eat anyway? Can't eat meat, can't eat cheese. Could have a nice salad, maybe. But I don't want to goddamn myself. I want to eat food. I don't am I hungry or not? Of course not. This business is a coming near like some kind of an old call at the time. And just eating because I'm frustrated with a horse crap audience here this morning. Am I going to do that? Oh, I'm going to punish myself. Because I got a bunch of retards here with the material as usual in this freaking town. I should be used to that after 24 years. I should be one used to that. Plus it's almost noon already. Before you know, we'll be right there a lot of here. You mark my words. You watch. And what's that? What is that? Another smoothie you're drinking there? Oh, those are going to kid you. Those are bad for you. Healthy stuff. Healthy stuff. My ass is loaded with sugar, isn't it? I guess. What do you mean you get? It's got good stuff on it too. It's like a healthy thing. It's like an mental health. I mean, I get where the come from. Where did it come from? Where did it come from? From when it came, where'd you get it? Smoothie King Fort Lauderdale. The smoothie came. They started the whole smoothie thing. And where's that? Wasn't in Fort Lauderdale for smoothie King. Where? On 17th Street, causale. And I went here. On the 17th Street, causeway, you live in Fort Lauderdale? Yeah. Are you out of your mind? No, you live in Fort Lauderdale? Geneniales in Fort Lauderdale. Oh, yeah. Okay. But you don't live there. I thought you live in the Hollywood. Thunderpimes. Oh, no, now we're talking. Now we're talking. Nice safe pepper. Find you. Think you're safe, huh? You're not so safe anymore. East-tempo. Oh, thank god for that. And then of course there's always all the kind of flakes. No way to run. No way to hide. There's no way to go down here. It's just well, there's always plantation acres. But don't come out where it's overloaded. We don't have a room for it. It's a beautiful place. We have no room left for you out there. West-Brower. To stay the hell away. Not you. I'm not saying. Just generally speaking. The first piece. Joe Rogan. Jeff DePars. The Steve Oste. We're in Hornet 6. Only on Fort Radio 560 QAM. Holy cow. Aaron's coming. They say that man he despises me. There's even talk about him hating me. I admit that something I don't want to hear. What's that just talking to you? Prove it here. Oh, there's been too many me. I just can't blame him. I'm taking a lot of pencil way from him. Don't get it. I've got old woman. I stop with my heavily. So I see it from find out as this lady's room. So I need some more. I need to know. We can't take the shit. The three of you Martin will expect my views. They blow my knees and throw. I can't take the shit. Okay, so just pretend you didn't hear that memo. I've had about the phone system coming in because at the bottom. You didn't see that way down at the bottom. The page or nearly wouldn't see that. Would anybody look at that in very like pale artsy forci, not for broadcast. And who the hell is George Corsa? Our chief engineer to be writing memos about something like this and putting not for broadcast in the bottom of the memo anyway. Who the hell is he? He's an asshole. Yeah. A year later after we came in here with a bogus phone system. I can remember months ago. You were in the other one day that we were, oh yeah, we're getting the new one. We're putting the tell us but it would be better by a history right in there. Would you George and me and a partnership in a pair of three did we ever get it? No. No. No. So quit trying to be macho boss and get something done Mr. Corsa. So that's what we would like to have in this studio. A year later now, we still have a piece of crap a joke phone system. We're laughing stock of the technical industry and you're writing not for broadcast. Also not for broadcast by the way. We have a commercial come out for a place that I like a lot but do we have any copies for it? No. No. Because Gary Sarner, well Ray is downstairs working on is what George is told me. He's working on it. How about the copy? That too. Oh. It's just say I guess everybody else why should I have finger these people so to speak? Why should I put the finger at them? I guess that's the reason that everybody else is all screwed up. It was a big super bowl weekend. Everybody had to go to Joe's birthday party. Get busted by the cops. Watch what's his name, Chuck. Whatever his name is. Well, I think also something because Hank calls all these people these ridiculous names all the time. It's very difficult for me even I've been here for 500 years to figure out what their real names are. You know, like clearance. Do we have anybody here named Clarence? No. No. We don't. And still gots. Who the hell was Tommy? There must have been the hockey team. If he doesn't stop calling, isn't that weiner that he calls to God? If he doesn't stop calling, he must do guts. That they're going to like do something drastic like pee on the floor or something. If he doesn't stop doing that. And I sure don't want to pee on his parade, but cut it out, Hank. Still guts. And what does that mean anyway? Who is still gots? Like Italian slang for my penis? Well, I see weiner. Well, I'm trying. I'm trying to put this all together. I'm trying to reason this out. You know, winning doubt. Reason of them. Stop doing it, Hank. Irritable bowel syndrome may begin with painful past somebody. Facts as me. The cause of irritable bowel syndrome has baffled doctors over time. But a study's office adjusted. I just did this order a symptomatic of emotional abuse. Yeah. In other words, aka WQA and disease. Yeah, this is in USA today. This is today's paper by the way, talk about timely. See, when I get something, it's timely. I don't do it like it's some odd ball time. I get it when everybody's talking about it. Like diarrhea. That's right. Next time you find everybody in town talking about diarrhea. I'm going to be sitting right there on the throne. Haven't a wicked bout. You marked my words. And like I told you, Ray was down there working out and I told him, no problem. With three minutes to spare, whatever was five minutes. Because Gary Sarner, of course, he's an asshole. We already know that. Thank you so much. Excellent. What's your course gives me a lot of time to look it over to? Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, I've got to think about that church, the Catholic Church, I'm up here in West Palm. And why is up in Chicago? They have the Catholic Church faith in serving an extra virtual. Yeah. Okay. Well, what is going on with these phones here today? What is it? What is happening here? All I can say is, yeah. That's about the third time that's happened on that line. Nice going there, George Corso, although by the way, that comment is not for broadcast. 560505060 on the 18T wireless line. Here's sunrise, hello. I'm taking anything to say anyway. Yes sir. Yeah, still got really means crazy. Like in Brooklyn or you said, what are you still got? So that's it. Hey, we're going to have been great as like early in that half time came out? No. 5605060, I'm playing the music. I'm not going to press this. What's the point? They have no material today. They've got nothing going on. And if nothing else, at least the alien thing is you say, what is going on? Are you saying these lines screwed up, maybe? Because I don't want to get started with that at all. No, that would be bad. I don't want to. First thing is, for me, the middle of the woods is supposed to be broadcast from our chief AR crack engineer. Please write on top of this year, and get this thing around with the fact that I don't know the stick. That would be bad. Because this line of me sounds like it maybe it's enough. And what's again for about this 4,000 times, although I'm not going to get to least, but sarcotic about it. I'm sitting here screaming and yelling and pitching out the audience. And maybe it's not there for me. No, maybe there are some calls on there. Because I think somebody's sticking around with our phone again here today, the way it looks to me. Somebody's sticking with it and the phone too. Here's a mobile and a four-laterdale. Hello. Good morning, God. Yes, sir. Questions for you. First one, if I live in South West Wokemaners, then they can be gay. Yes. You see the commercials, the promos for this show where they're talking about healing, the spinal cord injuries, and you see Superman walking and like that? That's Bob was awful. That's Bob was pathetic. Yeah, I mean, that was so fake. With all the technology that they got today, with all the digital equipment that they've gotten, all the things that they can do with movies. I mean, that was so perfect. That was the most obvious. It looked like Godzilla with a Chris Reeves head on it. We'd get the nice effect. I could really do it, Tom. I understand, but what does that have to do with the spot? This spot was tragic. It was almost as bad as the Muhammad Ali spot. Where he was at was off. That was off. That was off. I like he's going to come back and fight. That was funny. My comment is this. What? Everybody donating money to find cures for this and that. Why can't they donate enough money and find a cures? We can get that dang bill called or off his dead ass and back to work. 560.0560. Pound 560. On the 182.Warlas line. Here's the lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. Hey, don't. Hey, um, Stu, that means up yours in the canyon. I think that guy is wrong. I think not. I was waiting to tell you that. Okay. Thanks. I don't want to know what it means. I don't want to conversation about Stu guys. Do you understand? No. Let me say it again. I don't give an F what it means. Okay. You've got it. I don't care. I just mentioned it in passing. Like Lee J. Cobb and the Excesses father perinoia. I just mentioned it in passing about all the priesthood aids. Wow. This is special. Some place special for crap here. It is 50. You know, I come in this morning. I should have known because I come in this morning. I usually take a gander with that phone in there. And they were like only one, two lines ever lit the most time at a sports. And I thought, Jesus, did they have to the Super Bowl? And you do understand why don't you? Even though this is in the sports show. Now that the football season is officially over, that's like somebody pulled a plug. Somebody told a guy damn plug. And we didn't even talk about football much on this show or sports. But now these people are desperately and said they only wish they pray that maybe Aliens Daddy would come over on the plane today in land of where the airport. And we could like get back into that heavy duty again, give them something something something to their Nashon. Nashon or speak it to something to Nashon. Let's see if I just keep talking about a pretty solo B2 or clock and then there won't be any food here. You have to segue. You have to do things in intermediate steps. This is part of my three step program as in step away from the food. Now the first one was on Friday, which I didn't step away very good because we had the godfather's pizza was very good. Not as good as the could have been, but it was good. And I'm sure it's not better when you go to the person over there on the road extension right by the head station. Now the next thing is you talk about it. You don't actually order it and get it in here. And then third thing is you forget all about it. You're doing it in increments. So it's like the detoxification. It's like the GA course we're going to have for the sports nerds in there to get them off that gambling jack. First you talk about if they don't pay up the book, he's going to come in here and break the legs. Secondly, actually, he had the book he come in and a building and put it on the air. To break their legs, which I think would be great. And then maybe to try to, you know, to try to carry a little bit of favor. Maybe then clearance can suck on the book. He's lagging a little bit. And honey, that was really special. That was great. Here's a mobile and poor waterdale. Hold on. Oh, they're way up. Yes sir. Did you get it? Did you get the seat Tina Turner yet? I don't want to see Tina Turner now. Oh man, she was gross. She couldn't even keep up with the music. She was, uh, she was looking for you know. She was at halftime. That's true. She was at halftime. Oh, I didn't know what Jay of that crap. No. At least I was glad to see that we didn't have very stuff in the deal with this year. No, we had to stay in Agalera instead of ways about 18 pounds by the way. And in fact, I don't tell you how scrawny she is. She was on there within Miqueh who, uh, did look very good. It looked pretty pretty. But he's scrawny. And she made him look like, uh, you know, heavy duty. She, she, she, she, she, what she was about six pounds, Christine Agalera and also can't sing forishment. She is so weak. And, and their guys who think that she's the hot number. Like what's his name? They're on the TRL on them TV Carson Daily. Supposedly that's his squeeze. How can you squeeze it when it weighs like two pounds, you know? That's his squeeze. I thought he was dating love. He would Jennifer love he would. No, supposedly he was Christine Agalera. Just gotta get all the hotpaps. He stinks. Yeah, he knows. He, he, he, he pisses me on that whole show. You know, at least much music, they play a lot of good videos and number two, they play the videos. And they don't have all these puck-y little kids. Oh, hi, this is my Jennifer. And I'm back in here at the best. He goes, I got my finger all the way up my back. Right, you know, in the middle of, yeah. You're playing the video. I mean, they only play like 10 videos anyway at MTV. And then they got to fade it. Oh, here's number one. Here's the most popular one in the world. They play about a minute of it. And then they got to fade it down into the background. So Carson King am on their play Mr. Big Shot. That's a bad, bad, bad, bad channel is that MTV. Once they took A-buffer there on that road rules, I said, to them, okay. I once they started spreading those rumors about my buddy Tom Green, since they only show they only show like four time Green shows anyway. The same one over and over again. It's like the videos. Same on over and over again. Which that's one thing about the rules of you see somebody on their, you like, you don't have to worry because another couple of months they'll be back anyway. They show it again. Here's Hi, Alia. Hello. Neo, God. Yes, sir. Okay, first thing, continuing with the commercials, there was one for that comment where he's like, some guy, you know, he's talking out loud, but you see him sitting down and he's like, what if I get hurt, what if I break my back, break my face or something? And then will you help me? I get the end of the commercial. He finally walks up from the wheelchair. Real sad. Real sad. That, thank God, I missed that. All right, not, but it wasn't on the Super Bowl. I think they've been running at like, I missed that. Oh, that's the one. It's the same. I thought it was a different one. He's described it's the same one. Yeah, okay. Yeah. That's not twice. And it was just his bad each time. Oh, God. I think every time I'm probably the best thing to do is watch the Super Bowl on mute because there's nothing really to listen to. Yes, I said, I want the boomers that are opening up his posts. Those guys were so drunk at the beginning of the game that wasn't even funny. They were not the hell they were talking about. Let's see anything else. No, shameless because Neo, walking to joints, please. No. 5 6 7 0 5 60. You're right about the cars. Oh, I got to say, you know, after vacation, I'm just, I'm getting rid of the call was permanently. They're going on permanent vacation. They're awful. They're in impediment to my life and impediment to my success. They're impediment to this program. They're in impediment to the list. There's a interimity of the program. Can I hear our smoke to joints? I'm going to be good, a jack in a box, young Neil and what's one and I racked to you. Can I hear those? No, no. Absolutely. Positively the answer is no. No, you forgot the bridge tender. And the bridge can I have the bridge tender? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, 20 6 after 11 at 5 60 WQAM. Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer and you're listening to it. And go for weekday after noon to two sports radio 5 60 Q A F. What an embarrassment. What a joke. To light on ABC is who wants to be a white supremacist millionaire. Okay, here's your question. If you see a black man running down the street, he will be carrying a an Olympic torch. Be a relay baton or see a TV set. What is your answer? It's the game show where ordinary right wing extremists can win millions to fund the overthrow of the government. Who wants to be a white supremacist millionaire tonight on ABC. 1131 at 5 60 WQAM. Grammar speak up about a problem at 20 percent of adults endure. Kelsey and Camille Grammar, they're the poster children for diarrhea. Isn't that something that most of us aspire to be something? Posted children for bad bowel movements. Yeah. In fact, my, I'm what I'm going to do is walk around and run my neck. I'm going to have like a toilet seat. Very badly. Stain toilets you to run my neck. You're kind of like emphasize. I know it's a little bit tasteless. Great to keep you on your diet though. So the poster children for a topic it says in US today that most people rather keep behind a close bathroom door. Irritable bowel syndrome. See like I said when I get something, I do it just the right time. 20 percent of adults are enduring our suffering desperately from cramp. Bad cramp. It says there are so many people who suffer alone and they shouldn't be embarrassed to talk about it. It's as Camille Grammar who we diagnosed about three and a half years ago, but it's dealt with the problem for more than seven years. The star of Fraser during the coast is supported as life of almost three years. This is something couples have to deal with together. Especially when she cut loose and bed. She said there were times that that she was going to die because that's the pain she was in. I was a scared for her health. Irritable bowel syndrome often alternates between constipation and diarrhea. Usually coupled with abdominal pain or gas and bloating. Oh by the way, guess what else causes gas and bloating is that damn stuff is a gear that private call doctor Dick, private call. One of the side effects abdominal bloating and cramps. And as much as I would like to say it's the QAM stress that caused my IBS. I would I still think so. I think it's that private call. Usually, with that McColley, you know, kill my call. I'm book whatever that book is and you'll be okay. Get your home all level way down. Get your heart all strength enough. Take that coke you tin and just say no. What was that? Can I touch the phone? No, no. The phone again line eight that's a third time that's happened in a week. Just one unspontaneously. Now that's not for broadcast to understand. But it just went on by itself. Did I touch it? No, was I near it? No, was I thinking about it? No. So you can write all the memos you want Mr. Corso, but the fact is that between you and Greg Reed and all the other hot shots around this doing what you put together in here, I wouldn't wish on a goddamn dog. A dead one on the original last night. This is the portion of days. Oh, yeah, this is some operation man. I just I just mentioned that in passing. I wouldn't want to discourage anybody from of course participating in that thing that we can't talk about, you know, because we're in the quiet period. You know, the mom talking about. Don't be pissed it out. There's a lot of beeslees. But anybody that thinks that this is a real broadcast company boy, you need a serious lobotomy. We can get you good discount rate. Here's Kendall. Hello. Oh, no. Yes, they're great. My, my theory on sister Olaflon, their president of Barry University. Your genius sister, Jean, yeah, she I think she had a change of hard regarding Ilion and I believe that was after sheer realize her mansion on Miami Beach may be substituted for a for a viral poverty of she upsets the large Cuban Catholic community here in big county. She got a bad case of IBS or herself once you realize that, hey, maybe I shouldn't be on that side of the issue if, you know, the Cubans are all Catholic and that's a good part of my, you know, you heard their story sounded pretty bogus to me. Oh, yeah. And either way, you know, this Jan arena wasn't Biden and that answers. Oh, I know. Because my sister Jean got off the plane. Janet was there to greet her and I'd like her said Friday, Janet said something smells fishy here. She did like an instant psychological analysis of this, like these grandmothers, when they were in perhaps like just about two hours. All of a sudden she came to the conclusion. I guess that this kitchen stayed. And the fact that the nuns were out there sitting in a hallway and monitoring and people kept running in and out to make sure who was saying this and who was saying that. I mean, that wouldn't make anybody nervous, of course. She knows where her bread is, but her husband. Oh, yeah. Thanks to the good news. Yes, sister, Jane, your full of crap. Okay. So we'd have cut the ballooning. And like I've said 50 million times, you want to be here? They only they've turned off everybody. That's the thing. You idiots, you fools you. First of all, by concerning with these guy, they're militant organizations and all these obnoxious people who are despised by all. And secondly, by keeping this three ring circus and initially, by threatening the shut the whole guy damn town down, you've pushed everybody off. If they went ahead and he brains of any kind of grace, any kind of common sense, any sense of community in the beginning. Oh, my gosh, the whole family wanted to come here. The father applied for an exit visa from Cuba. He wants this kid to be here. There'd be no problem. I think anybody with a brain would say, okay, let him stay here and let's go our life. Yeah, that's right. But no, because they've alienated say, oh, I shouldn't say that. They alienated so many of us. We just want to get rid of. Just get rid of the story. Just go away, sweetheart. Don't take it personal, but go away. We don't want to hear about your, I wouldn't be surprised if he wanted to put the IBS because I know that that American family has they should have got to be as part. And the crowd that's outside and for the house, they got to part to put him from the BS. Here's pop in. Hello. Good morning, you know. Yes, sir. That issue sucks. I hate listening to it. I don't want to listen to it anymore. Yeah. Listen, I don't know if you saw this commercial yesterday, but they're willing to skydive through the hospital on a gurney on a stomach and they bring him in and they put him in the emergency room and then there's all these people look around and they lift up the sheet and they go, this guy's got money coming out of the wadzu. Did you see that one? No. Oh, it was so fun. Money coming out of his, it was, it was, it was, it was like an e-trade commercial or something like that. It was really, really funny. Joe Sawdy said, but marginal week, very week. Really? Oh, I thought it was great. He said it was stompy. All right, Joe, well, then that's to God. He left just his opinion. He doesn't make it right, but he generally knows about these things. He said it sucked. All right. Well, it's fucked. Listen, how's that guy trying to clear he doing from the Canadian? He's at a can. He'll be all right. He'll be all right. In fact, I wouldn't be surprised. He plays one gig in the Panthers here. Oh, really? No. No. He's not going to play. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, though. What about that guy that got hurt on the Titan for the S.A. What happened to him? Oh, and the best part of that is Kurt Warner came over and prayed for him. Wasn't that now white of him? That was very nice. Well, what happened? I never heard one more word about it. I never did. He had a game with over you. You never heard about that. He's small potatoes. We can't be worried about him. Do you hear any more about it? Next strain. Next strain. He was not unconscious. He felt a shooting pain down his back, so he lay motionless just in case. Just in case. I think he's got IBS is what he's got. Right. Have a great day, sir. Probably stained his juxtap. 560505050505050 on the ITNT. What is it? ITNT? Vortroom? With Howard Beale and the Ned Bady? Well, I was feeling so good this morning when I came in. I was on top of the world. I felt great. Now I feel, uh, not really sure. The verdict is still out. 56050505050. How does that line forward to invite the way? I'm curious about that one. Is that what he could find? That I'll find that it's got all kinds of problems in the end. That would be very bad. That I'd have to start meeting members to see another broadcast in the bottom for Ranjana Department of Making the... You're in the case. It might be a problem. It's all mine. Yeah. The Neorodger show will be on tape until further notice till we get a real phone system. I think that's a way to do it. Just, just have to play the tape. It's all recorded the spots. Take about a six week vacation at least. They're going to get it done in six weeks? No. No. But I just mentioned you again. I'm not going to read the memo because it's said not for broadcast, but I just heard a rumor rattling around the building that the phone system will not be in here on Valentine's Day when we were promised. Absolutely crossed my heart and hope that Croco will get death by Greg Reed. When we promised that, is it going to happen? No. No. I just heard that going around. I think our PD told me that. You know, PD? The Neorodger show sports radio. 560s. You. Hey. And offer it, talking. If you haven't been watching the new hit show action on the face network here's what you've been missing. All of the foul language that gets edited out of network television is here. I'm a station that's happened network at back. Oh, yeah. I said. Oh, so what you've been wasting your time watching Valentine shows that don't say. Then you're a total ****. Watch your calendar and watch the face network. The selection. Everyone's day for the rest of your life. Or at least until it gets canceled next week. Okay, jerky. And don't miss two new shows coming to the face network. It's the premiere of Q and go **** yourself. Well, guess what? **** you two, man. It's 144 at 560wq. I'm Hankly doing a show from Vegas today. I guess so when Hank is on we'll find out about that new national everyone because I'm sure that's what he went out there for to get to preview. Right. Am I right? He went out there to get to preview. Plus you could plunge as long as I'm the Super Bowl out there in Vegas legally. Without having to go to jail like most of these sports nerds in the other room are going to be you home and they are when a bus is placed pretty soon. That's going to be our office pool by the way. This could be nip and tuck. Who's going to get busted first? George at the swing club or the sports nerds here with your bookies. That's going to be nip and tuck. That's going to be very, very tight one. 560, 550, 550 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and four lottery. Hello. Hey Neil, my bet's going to be on the sports nerds getting picked up before George. Yeah. A little Ricky Sanchez has made his career into the days of Brownnose and the Brown shirts down there at Miami, a bean involved in stuff after that it was Alberto Sam. Yeah, we haven't even two that's your old nose. We talked about that on Friday and it's very terminal and very boring and old news and have a great life. 560, 550, 550 on the AT&T wireless line. Stale is last centuries hot to Molly's man. That's the material we're hearing today. Stale old and tired. Week really week. You can smell it. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Oh, Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, how you done? Okay. Okay. I'll have walked to CNN this morning and they had a pool of the best-run cities and scenic Arizona got an A. Oh, Phoenix is a horrible place. Yeah, bottom-maintained out there. Who knows is running the pool? That place sucks. But anyways, if you're a right-wing wolf for it about 100 years old. I'm a Democrat. Well, you know, I didn't realize that my brother, I asked my brother what Miami should get. And I said, well, I said, they should probably should get next and he turned around and looked at me and he said, yeah, there's stolen crossbubbles. Are you there? Yeah, I'm here. There's an extensive view. 560, 750, 550, 550 on the AT&T wireless line. I mean, this, those of you who may be visiting our fair city today, which I can't imagine why anybody would be here, but if you're from out of town, what you're hearing today is why most of us would desperately like to get out. 560, 750, 550, pound-560 on the AT&T wireless line. This is really special today. I thought I would be with the place. Remember those days? Uh-huh. Some place special for crap. This is special. Maybe we got some of those old IOD jingles. There's all some place special for whatever you used to say. She like like this. All right. Which reminds me by the way, here's a very bright guy. A Miramar man who was under house arrest awaiting trial on a murder charge was arrested last week after undercover police posing as federal expression employees delivered 20 pounds of pot to the man to the location that was not his house. Oh! Leonard Lee Roy Brown. Oh, I love that name. Leonard Lee Roy Brown. 29 of the, uh, whatever block of South West, 20 street Miramar was not supposed to leave his home while he was waiting to be tried on the charges secondary remurder. He was wearing a house arrest bracelet on his ankle, said Miramar, police captain Douglass Jacobi. Jacoby. Police were alerted to the possibility of drugs to the by employees at the FedEx office in Miramar. They brought an narcotics dog to check out suspicious packages and got a search warrant. The dog sniffed out 20 pounds of pot. Oh! The detective is posing as delivery man took the package to Miramar address in the 7,000 block of South West 38th court not knowing who would claim it. They found a note that requested the package be left there. Police left and watched to see who would show up. It was brown police said, big bad Leonard Lee Roy Brown. He was arrested on charges of possession murderer one with the intent of distribute possession murderer one over 20 pounds and possession of account of social security car. Oh! It was charged with secondary remurder in April of 1998. Police said he shot someone at an apartment complex in East Miramar. Listen them up later. He pleaded not killing the charges in the least from jail on a $50,000 bail. Is attorney can be reached for no comment yesterday. Brown was taken back to jail after his arrest this time with no bail. Miramar sergeant George Pearson who supervises the homicide investigations said it's possible that Brown had been doing whatever he please while in their house arrest. If he's coming and picking up marijuana he could have been doing anything he said. Would have a little break up. Brace a little eyes thing whatever was. How do you like that? Oh he did was go to pick up his weed. Is there anything wrong with that? No. He's a man alone. Murder charge. You might consider that a little bit later on. But if a man wants to go get his 20 pounds of weed what does wrong with that? 560560 pound 560 on the 18 T wireless one. Don't mess with dig bad Leonard Lee Roy Brown. I'll pay that right now. Here's four buyers. Hello. You got. Yes sir. You know I was driving around a day and I was noticing all the old people on the road and I came to Little Ditty. I'd like to sing to you if you would allow me. About not old people. Little bit a little bit. This isn't a hip hop vein. It's called a million year old millionaire. I'm a million year old millionaire. I got the Lincoln Cottonetta with the ice cold air. I got the curb fulers and the cottonettled kid in the adult divers because I can't control my Schmidt. I'm cruising around town. I'm a foot late on the throttle with my Franks and not tra and my oxygen bottle. I got my polyester pants and my wrap around shades with the sound feeding back in my hearing aids. Yeah I'm a silver fox. I'm bad as a bone. If it's a maple rub. Here's my favorite cologne. Yeah I'm a millionaire. I'm a big shot so you've better not park in my handicap spot. Thanks. Alright. I'm standing. Very good. I give it about two and a half on a scale eight not too bad. Five six seven certainly beach on the other colors we've had today. All the way over to four miles to come up with that. Somebody's got something a little bit original. Not a great singing job. I've never less he had no professional. Eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five. Makes me Jones for some pizza from God five. There's just here in that. Not that we're getting any. Don't get your hopes up. It's just Jones for it. Where's that menu again? Of course I got a wish stop on a way home and get me a big and cheeseburger pie. I said Joe this morning I said what a bacon cheeseburger is what we should have got. You said you mean getting from a pizza place a bacon cheeseburger? You don't know your godfather's man. That's a pizza bacon cheeseburger pizza humble pie pizza. At least one thing about these people are not there were vanished from the scene for a long time. They still have the original same stuff. There's only one godfather that I know. And that's because they didn't vanish from the scene. Other living and breathing places for example if you look around the state they're in Tampa. They're in a two injection in Orlando, a Kissimmee, Wesley Chapel of Arbid Hall at his. Where's Wesley Chapel? Eight one three. That must be the one by four Myers. They're in Brandon Nicole Miss. There's one of my favorite places. There water and now in Davy. And of course all over the country with headquarters. I think the uh wasn't a CEO or Schwarzschir from this company I do believe. I think so. A dorky. Here's a maple maple wood jrzy call hello. Hello. Yes sir. Are you doing okay. Yeah I just want to say praise Jesus and God bless Kurt Warner and I hope him his wife dies slow stomach cancer. Yeah. Let me ask some did you over here for a few years ago. Call that each word you're monkey. No. Didn't hear that? No. I'm like let's try to drown it out. Uh that was great. Maplewood New Jersey. He's probably like right up there on 441 in monkey town. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T line, 877, 785, 6345. And our famous real auto town line. Not for airzots out of town like that. Here's a mobile in Fort that's like that mobile in Sweden we had last week. Mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. You guys talking about God Father's Paints of the Paints of Joint Pines. Yeah. They left here in Florida. What did I just get to your saying are you listening to the show? I was on hold on sorry. There's one in Davy Yes, I'm dead by Davy Road Extension right by next to the head station connected to it. You know where the really how long has it been there? About two minutes. Yeah. I've ever tried that big spot for my mn subs. No. She got to a drive and say you want a big spot, you know. It should feel all silly. Okay. Thanks. Put a clearance on that assignment. Okay. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. She was at least very attractive. Yeah. So what does that mean? At least he's got some taste. Wasn't some big. That's not the point. The point is here he goes to your birthday party. Everybody's wasted. It's obviously a wild scene. Somebody has to call the cops. A good time was head by some and he's like sucking on some with six arm and that's a high light of his night. Yeah. Oh. But then I bet she was so first ready. My god, home called his bookie and bed another 500 on the Super Bowl. I'm going there, clearance. Very, very tragic. People think I'm making this stuff up. I'll give another example. Remember our friend Corey Stamin is over there for a Myers right now. Corey was a good looking guy with no hair, but nevertheless he looked pretty good. Couldn't get laid. Couldn't get laid in the French warehouse. Here's Pompidot B. Chilla. A. Dave Wenson is Master of Puppets. Yeah. Sounds like Muhammad Ali for that spot. 560 50, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, I've got a quick question about the IBS you're talking about earlier. Question about it? Yeah. Actually I've heard about it before, but I never really paid it too much attention. And the symptoms that you were saying, that's totally me. So like the whole past year. And I was just trying to find out if you knew if there's any work and did any information on it like on the web or anywhere. Sure. Just look under irritable bowel syndrome or what under schmets. What are you laughing about? Why are you laughing? Sir? Yes. What's funny about it? Nothing funny about it. And why are you laughing? I've had it because I was looking for a little bit of an answer to that. You said is there a place to find something out on the internet and I said, look under irritable bowel syndrome and you'll find pages and pages of stuff on it. You can look and you want to say today today sir. I'm page Joe whatever pages and they're holding article about it. I'm going to help them behave your thing. Okay. You got to know what I was looking for. You got to say today. Right. All right. Pay 10, 10 D. D is in dumb D. 567560, 560, 560, only 18. But to see, look at this, it's noon already. noon already. Just like like that. For you know, it'll be two o'clock. The pizza from Godfather's will be here and screw these bastards. You're just trying to bat me in the saying, yes, so you can say, no, you want to say yes. Let me ask you, do you want one or not? Don't give me an answer. Don't give me a politically correct answer. Would you like a pizza from Godfather's day? Our buddy Scott over there, he said, any time. Because I don't think we did justice to them on Friday by having that poor kid came over here. He got lost in the way he was going. He was a good guy. It was a great guy. I'm not playing a hand. Somebody gave him bun direction. He was a very good guy. And he stood here with his put it glove on. I thought that was impressive. Put an on a nice rubber glove before he handled our lettuce and our cheese and our meat. And what's wrong with putting a glove on before he handled somebody's meat? Well, I think the super combo sounds really good to me. Huh? Why are you staring me like that? Because you want it. And you'd then, I think I'm going to blame it if I get sick from it. Then I get sick from this stuff on Friday. Oh, no. I'm not, I'm not like some kind of an invalid now. That was your cheat day though for the whole week. Yeah. Well, that's not for broadcast though. What's yeah nice going. So I guess you just talked to yourself. I'll give you the number during the break. Four minutes till noon at five 60 QAN. This is five 60 QAN. We got with the first team. No. Joe Rogan, Jeff DeBars, and Steve Goldstein. No. He hoaring the sex only on fourth radio 5.60 QAN. All right. When we don't get our way, we stand barbees. You would rent us our demand or we'll get angry. And we're too fucking traffic in the street. We know that Ireland is all ours. We look at the yea fiefer Robitt odds of today from his post at 11 30 on channel 10 or whatever time that morning, Sunday morning shows on at awful abortive thing of his and there were some other bozo on here with Armando Gutierrez, propagandizing bop bop bop bop bop bop bop bop the same old tire cramp. Probably Michael is in hiding in Burin embarrassment after Tomasburg a lot of me to full lot of money at the end. I don't blame him like so anyway Carl Heisen says planted alien but I'm not going to read down here. Same great great editor I'm not going to read because it says basically the same thing that we all know 5 6 7 0 5 60. That's a good QAM. Yeah, the deal. Yes sir. Oh, Jesus got me cold. Well, you don't order me pizza from Godfather's now. I told him not to but he is anyone. I have a question for you. Is that a separate place Godfather's that attached to something in the hand station? That's the hand station because you got me fired up with that job where you get the better gas. That's the best right to hand. You know, I was so I was so disappointed. I would the Tampa to visit a couple of friends and there wasn't Godfather's up at 10th. I'm so sorry. Yeah, and I mean, you have 5 or 6. I'm still going to be exactly. I just got shut out and I was so disappointed because what do you mean you're out shut out because the windows? No, I called the current 10 30 from a hotel. I suppose the 10 that 9 I thought I was never going to get a chance at this great cop office pizza. 28 60 Davy Road Extension right by 595. You know, we're what the holes that big boy is there or big boy there or something that they used to be anyway. It's a big boy, bad boy. Yeah, bad boy. No problem. I'll find the 20, 16. I'll find myself on it. Right by Davey Road and 595. There's a mommy subs on the other side of the street. Now, you know, if I could switch subjects or if that's the same game. I mean, they think because it's a good finish that the game was good all around. No, not the music game was a marginal ball. Yeah. It was very weak until the last quarter. The last quarter. It's a terminal. 5 times in the red zone, say Louis, she does nothing but scored. It could be the guys. It broke dropped that ball going into the end. Only smile and run it back that I thought was then. I think it was. But didn't he catch the pass and score the wedding touchdown? We called it a pass and scored the touchdown. That's the thing that that's done. I wish me when that guy fish had got carried off and he had 20 door steps kid who kids the family. Right. That's right. Everybody. Why didn't they stick to the air? Why were they so thick handed that they thought they were going to run? Dick for me. I wanted to give this game a way. Yeah, that's true. And it's amazing. And Kurt Warner praising God's making me sick. I mean, I'm tired. And it's don't doesn't even think there's anybody who tends to see that wants to praise God's. No, only curtain Isaac man. And the only guys that got they got the bat line. They got the bat line that's I line. And of course, you have to wonder if they got the bat line. How come Kurt Warner's wife had that battle with cancer? It looks like that. That was an awful, ducky haircut because you're hearing and grow back. How come? I've got a current water because that's that's part of him being a message you're sent down by God. Oh, that's the rest we're got. Just so don't like Reggie White with that power for living commercial. Right. Not to send out for a book, but if you order, you won't could start your personal relations with God. You got it. You got it. And please see what I'm going to close it. It's somebody beat the crappiness once. I mean, we lose a game that was yours. You will one second left. And the capitals want to gain Friday night to get Phoenix. So they goes with no time left at overtime. Could Kurt Warner didn't get out of Philadelphia. Yes, then. I'm not going to worry much. I loved it. I loved it. Nice going. Our crappitals. I don't like you to team, but boy, I hate to flyers. I just spies the flyers. They make me want to barf. They make me nauseous. And even with big number 25, we used to be 55. It would be Keith Primo in here. Did they get shot out? Yeah. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Boiton, V. Tila. Hey, I'm going to be a high-end. Great. Hey, I'm tired of shooting these things. The commercials that you're putting on a Super Bowl. What's up? There's more commercials. And there is, you know, football. Where's I over now, though, sir? It's all over, isn't it? Yeah, it is all over, but I mean, it's getting ridiculous. It just increases every year, you know? Promote. Incessant promos and promos and commercials and breaks. And to mirror, you know, only because the game was actually moved along itself in terms of a penalties and so on, the game didn't last till midnight. That's true. Well, you know, these gas prices are going up $1.60 a gallon on paying for gas. It's ridiculous. It's going to be $2 a gallon soon. These people don't know what they're going to be getting into years. And what all the prices of everything just, they're, they're, they're skyrocketing. I'm just tired of it. I'd call my broker right now and sell everything I had. Jesus Christ, everybody's fine. Japanese cars. Everywhere do you look? Okay. I'll see if they have station. Okay. I don't know what their gas prices are, but they're right by Godfather. Yeah, the dial is up 11 points. Life's here at, is that going to last? No. No, and then that's that. Oh, and that's there. Take another pummeling down 137. You remember that expression? What was it? Something exuberant, irrational exuberance. Remember that way, Alan Greenspan was talking about, well, you don't because you don't have any stock. Anyway, that was like a way back when. Irrational exuberance he was afraid of, and then everybody started selling their stock. Now we've got irrational hysteria. Whatever the opposite of exuberant irrational pessimism. And so there's one little report comes out of it. They don't like this statistic and right away. Ah, like that. And of course, the whole economy, you've seen the pictures, they're especially the commodity markets. And they're all running, like that. And that's what the whole economy is all about. And then these clowns come on here like real intellectuals. They have all these great, pseudo intellectual conversations. Like there's a rational thing going on there. And they're not craziness terrifying. But the dow is up 14 point. Oh, here it. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T lines. So what are friends that got by this thing? Were they some will take it back? They were happy. They don't have to hear just after two. That's a joke. One clock. One clock. And now that they know the way, there's no excuse, right? Although they may be sending something different. I don't know. No, JR is coming. That's our boy. JR. He knows the place. He knows how to get here. Never stole a free train that JR. 560, 705, 60, 560 on the AT and a desperate Monday, the worst in recent memory. And you better not knock that alien. Okay, because of Orphoram, what we've been talking about the last two months. Nothing. It's scary. Just stop and think about it. For all of this crap. What do we've had anything going on here? No, you got Jimmy and Danny and Ali on an exit. That's all you got here in this town. So if you're from on a town and you want to have a conversation with somebody, it better be about Jimmy, Danny, Davy, or Ali on. Otherwise they'll look at you with a black look on their face and go. Yeah. Like what you'll be talking about, man? Here's a mobile in Melbourne, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Go back to Canada. You can do it. Okay. Great one. 14 minutes and 12 seconds. course on our time. Great material. 560, 1050, 560, 1180, 18T line. Here's a mobile in Pinecrash, hello. I don't know. I don't know. Okay. First of all, I'm glad to be getting out of this middle. I'm going to Toronto for the first time. And I've heard it's really nice. Let me tell you something. About three years ago, I had a co-orectal problem and it's supposed to be, they get clones to these. So they claim they both, it was one. Cronus disease. Cronus. Yeah. You know, irritable, collitis. I once worked for Lou Cronus, W. News, I had Crohn's disease to come out of there. Yeah. Well, at any rate, they poked and they prodded and they ran more tests than it was just horrible experience. But they found it what it was, and they stopped smithing the bed and they put me on a medication called Asa call. Yeah. And it works and it from things up so that I'm being sorry that you told me that because now they're going to be 600 old parts collion. Well, we said medication. You know, it's not, don't even write it down, Joe. We don't didn't hear you. Whatever you said, I believe it. The only one I say. What is it? I wish you a nice time. Oh, I have a nice July. Okay. We're going to have to dial up 32 points. Oh, let's hear it for the goddamn dial. Not that it means anything. But psychologically, makes you feel just a little better. Oh, yeah. This way, till about 230 when starts going like that. Hey, if you've been going like that too much, you better go to the lights of West Boca, but not not have too light. And you know, Peter Leonard, right in the bunch of stuff again this morning that idiot Peter Leonard, I'm going to fix his hands real good. Very soon. Believe you, me. Oh, double football. Play it through here. Play it's all the Cleveland rounds. You got a back and a thigh. And the y'all's just behind it through the Liberty and all the ground. Oh, you'll be killed, you'll be killed. How will you be? And pencil, further, later. Anyhow. Time's saying all is well, no good to tell it's all up to technically up with you. I need to pay the staff, pay the staff, pay the staff, and go round. So, we'll be on those ground. You need an NFL dog. If you never eat a jail cell lock, you can open every smoke spray and child. There's no bad equipment, all they see is not a game. But if you can catch the ball, or run with the ball, then raise the brothers and be alright. As long as they can, there's the breach. You'll see that someday is game. But if you can, so if it's probably called as there, they can only end the land as like you can't wait. You need to pay the staff, pay the staff, and go round. You'll be killed, ready for tea on the ground. Be given and let them count. Be given and let them count. Be given and let them count. Be given and let them count. Oh, be given and let them count. Be given and let them count. Well, 13 at 5.60 WCM, so he sucked on her arm. That's when she said, no, audio. Sock down her arm. Not because she has moved over her hood or in my life. He was doing well up to that point. Up until he got to the arm. Well, all the pennies that were he started. 5.60, 505.60, pound 5.60 on the 18. WCM, here's the lady in Davy. Yes, ma'am. Hi, this is Bonnie. How are you? Okay, Bonnie. I love you, Cheryl. Of course, what's not to like Bonnie? That's true. You're on it. You're talking about the godfather's pizza. Have you ever tried John the Baker in temper time? No. The best pizza. Mm-hmm. You sound interested. Well, I'm closing. Could you play Gunjube Good? No. Thanks. Have a nice day, Bonnie. Thanks. Bye, bye. Woo! Let's talk pizza shops. Come on. No. Okay. Let's talk about the diarrhea. No. Let's talk about that drug that guy we're talking about for his crones disease. No. Wow. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Let's face it. It's a boring place. Okay. I mean, if I really had some really revolutionary to tell you, was going on here. I'd tell you about it. Is there anything going on? No. We got that new handsher primary tomorrow night. And why you know, this bill, Bradley. I got a woodman. They isn't amazing how they brainwashed the public. They convinced all of us, even somebody has usually sharp as me. Elgore had no chance of beating George Bush. Okay, George W. So, okay, Bill Bradley. He's got a better chance. Even though he's just as boring and now he's hard to slap it all over the place. And now all of a sudden the new poll yesterday, Gore 44, Bush 47. It's almost even Steven. It's within his statistical error margin of error in the poll. Which I should have known because I remember very well when the Michael Duke caucus was 7,000 points ahead of George Bush that he went. No. No. Those polls a year and a half. You're a head. They mean nothing. So now, you know, tomorrow night's a big night in New Hampshire. You know, I represent the rest of the country. Don't it? Oh, Bill. Well, all those crusty new Hampshire people all 40 of them. Yeah, right. It's really just bizarre. Just go away. It's going to be Georgie W. Against Gore and Gore's going to kick his ass. You watch. You marked my words. Huh? From 2001 to 2004, it's going to be president day Gore. That's got kind of a ring to it. So he's a boring guy. I can't help him. He's never stole a freight train. He's a pretty good guy. He's hard works. Okay. He's hard. Yes. quarter. Okay. At least it's in the right place. The one thing they haven't common was that, you know, both of them had a famous Daddy who he was like, there was Senator, Gore and it was president bush. And of course, President Bush don't forget the CIA. The trilateral commission. Let's start punting the seeds of all those right wing gut cases are terrified of anybody named Bush. Oh, lighter. Oh. The Illuminate there you go. the CIA Mayan. Here's a mobile in Mayan, Eela. Eel. Yes, sir. I do an ozen New York this weekend and kind of I get in the way from this old Elyon thing. I'm sitting in a bar in New York and also in the cabarettinger. I go, what do you think of the phone when I go from Mayan? I need it. She's sent into the hole. Oh, what do you think about the whole Elyon? The thing is, I think she's been here. She's going to go and we're just like, oh my god. Just could not get away from it. Just totally just, just, could not get away from it. Well, that's what we've been granted, man. All over the world, we're branded with that. Yeah, totally. Anybody just a familiar? I mean, just, oh, just talking about Elyon. You can just talk to conversation with anybody. But, um, just want to consider that a little bit. Okay, Pral. Thank you. Yeah. So how do Elyon? How are you doing, Elyon? How's all your toys from K-Mart this week, Elyon? How's that little puppy? I sure hope he's healing up from the way you keep caring and brown up by under his front legs, which is very bad. No, I am. I'm connected about the only thing I care about anymore with that Elyon thing is that he's that he stops abusing that puppy. You don't, you don't slap a little puppy around or any kind of a dog under his front arms with all the weight of it like, how do you like somebody to hang out carrying him around under his front arms? Well, there's other six pounds, uh, dangled down there. Over some hot coals. Here's a mobile and in the west, in hello. There you go. Yes, sir. You, man. Hey, yeah, I got a couple of questions in, I'm hanging up. Yeah. Uh, I want to know how many queueers planned to go back when Fidel would queue at 5.670560, on the ATT wireless one. Here's a mobile and hell and they'll hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. First time calling long time with great. I just had a lot of stuff. I just had a guy at the stopping at a light. So I'm about five miles an hour. Yeah. I'm just going to run in the van next to me and cut me off. I mean, within the mentioned map on far. He's in the end of the whole. Yes, and I get a stupid thing, but I pulled up the extra and I said, what the hell are you doing? Yeah. I had my drinker on, I had the right away. You have to move. Oh, I tried. I didn't know that in other words, if you put your blinker on, you got to get out of his way. That's correct. No, I'm starting to learn. It's never too late to learn. I never had that before. I didn't know that. I'm too little small, but I always thought it was to tag me all the time. That's it. Okay, thank you. Thanks for the good news. There you go. A little driving information for you and boy. Could they use it around here? Oh, man. You can't complain about the driving this time because there isn't much. What passes off is driving here. I'm going to go and push on Heinrich Himmer, athletic. Lots of retards out there. And this morning, I'm coming to work. I'm coming out at university to take my little shortcut there to a 595 because I don't want to get mad back up all the way out there to waste, Broward. And that's generally a pretty problem for you out there. And here's some young, very attractive by the way, but I didn't care because it was a woman. But anyway, some young broad in the current front of me and some old Toyota piece of crap and the light changes. And the cars are like going in front of her and she's sitting there. And then didlin, a lot of dolin and didlin this morning. By the way, then I gave her a little tap at a hornet or like leaning on it, but nevertheless. And she still dolin and didlin. And finally three or four of the people started to honk it and dry. I guess I better drive. Too much didlin and reaching for stuff on the seats and do all kinds of extraneous crap. Instead of like getting in that vehicle, turning the ignition on, putting the pedal to the middle and getting from point A to point B. I hate to break the news to some of you more on, though, that's what driving's all about. Not fixing your hair, not picking your nose, not yacking your things, but getting in the car and getting from point A to point B. What a concept. Is that what they do here? Oh, no, they're out there dittlin around. And I'll tell you one other thing that pisses me off. I have a lot of truckers listening to the show. Wonderful people, I love them. But there's nothing worse than somebody driving up big. I'm not just truck that takes up half the road, getting in the left hand lane in a highway and going the worst. You know the ones I'm talking about? Like they got a convoy going, you know, they get next to whoever's in the middle lane and they just kind of sit there. Back in everybody's ass up and you just got in and people are starting to like try to pass on the right and on the shoulder and do it irrational things. Here's Fort Myers. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line out of town line 87775, 6345, even a few assholes in Fort Myers today. Let's be asshole Monday. Oh, what it is. Parade of assholes we've had today. Had a couple of, did we have any? One or two. I mean, nothing really memorable. They got it saying from Fort Myers, he was pretty good. Nice, glad to have served. You stand out, heads above the rest. We'll be sure and put in a good word with Jesus for you. 560, 560. Oh yeah, I want to thank my Lord and Savior first of all. And yeah, about it, about it. You know what? They had a send him back to that goddamn store in the Palaturla paper on the, uh, because he's full of Schmitt, that Kurt Warner. Do you think you played a great game yesterday? I don't. I mean, you can't complain about the titan second there because they don't have any. Other than that, he didn't play a great game. He didn't do squat, he knew Schmitt. The big TD was on the throne. And that's right. The defensive back wouldn't have been out there spinning around like a cradle. And of course, Jesus had a bite of one arm and got ahead of by the other. And it was spinning them around spinning them around. So I said, get his hands out, give me the ball. Give me the ball. All right. Yeah, he had a, come on, Jesus. Come on, touch that Jesus. Went right on in there. Stuck it right in there in the ball too. It wasn't exciting finish though. Thank God. Thank God. We finally had a super bowl. And you know something? See, one thing about the commercials, if an event gets as much hype as a super bowl does. And what people are talking about the next day is the commercials. That tells you usually the game is a piece of Schmitt, which it usually is. And you notice now, there are far fewer people talking about the commercials. Thank God, since most of them suck, bit about the exciting finish of the game. So we finally had something worth to stand up and watch. And then, of course, as soon as they started with those stupid speeches, often went to something else. Immediately. I watched part of the guy named Blackkawks Vancouver Game last night for about two minutes. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I want to mention something, as well. I'm a hero from page, last week from time book. A couple of the black agencies and an NACP FK. That's good. What was that one again? I think it was the NAACP and a couple of other agencies. Are there any international associations for the advancement of cool people? Yes. They're bringing suits to this country, against reparations for the... For tolerances, slavery. They want to get paid like Japanese did for the West Coast World and German. Right. All right. How about the fact? What about the other countries that were engaging in slavery, the blacks against blacks? Thousands of years ago. Why are we the ones that are being falsified? Well, they're next. They're going to have to pay up next. Oh, go home. You're breath. Okay. Did that CIPRO work or you haven't used it? I know. You feel fine. I feel great. No more sick talks sir. I'm not taking sick from. I'm not taking other people's pills. I'm not taking other people's anti-aborder. I feel sensation. I can feel it. All right. Even Tommy stuck his head in the door there and said, what is wrong with that clearance sucking on that broadsarm? 560505050505050 on the 18T. Why does that? Well, he just needs somebody to show him the ropes. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, I'm Neil. Yes sir. Think what happened with that football game. He just had his or in the ball there, the little or was, when they put the air in there. Yeah. He had his or in there. He had his or in there. He had his or in there. He had his or in there. He was doing a horror in there, yeah. Oh, oh. Jesus was doing the horror inside the football inside the pigskin. Oh, lemon a cloth. You've had your to call her about tocky. He said that he wanted to talk about Paul Vell. Ian. Why did you have your hand? Badger him about what? You hung up on that. That was the first call. He was a chronic. He's a crank. He wanted to talk about hockey. He's a chronic crank. Go hockey or somebody else who's a chinec. Where did you get gas? Five, six, seven, oh boy, we got the chronic sound today. Oh, what? How keep him off the streets anyway? I want to be surprised that that pizza shows up here. Really, so then just going to be real sorry. There's been sucking out that smoothie all morning. One because that's filled up. It's like loaded with the gas. Is that like a fruit smoothie? Is that what that is? Raspberry Sunrise. Yeah, but a bit your full of sugar. Pure sugar. Yeah. But what do you say? Yeah, like that. I mean, I'm not trying to dictate you that like obese or anything. But what do you even craft? When you got this good pizza coming, I'm okay. I'm pretty stupid pizza. Even after all those drugs you did Saturday? No drugs Saturday. Just lots of sex. And how about your, oh, I'm not going to go in there. Twenty six past noon is five sixty wqa. I mean, somebody goes to guys wild birthday party. That is as wild as it sounds like it was. And doesn't even get just a little bit of action. I mean, that person there. What can you say about that person? I mean, hoka Brian, of course, we know in his case, we don't expect anything to happen. Maybe somebody might have rubbed his balls by a little bit. And believe me, they didn't. They stayed far away. He, he, he, hoka Brian, agarity, a cleric could have sucked on his arm as long as he wouldn't have said no, he wouldn't have walked away. He'd loved it. He would. He just said, keep on sucking. You're probably right. I am positive on right. I think he did well though. He was having to use the life of the, well, couldn't have been much of a party overblown. It sounds to me. Twenty six past noon. That's probably why the cops came. Twenty six past 12 at five sixty wqa. Only one South Florida radio station has a, You're listening to it. And go for it. Weekday after noon's a two sports radio five sixty. Q A S. Want a lonely pop little boy. Yeah. We dance like things we sing Like the seas, but we must have you We swim in my gaze if you were Are you? He's out in the class They've looked at your eyes The judgement we swam in my day We look like kids and we're dying We sing like a touch of girly eyes Like we stand out and sing as we die And sing like a day Our biggest friends are 12 year old girls Who think we're as cute as in these years Oh, I think it's all that they all figured out We're hiding our late hands in One thing is for sure we can Manage your dreams Why are we close to them with you like a Don't you know the question that you're hiding We're hiding our late hands We're hiding our late hands I swear we might gain Comforting won't take that for that 1231 at 560WQ I'm heckleby doing a show from Vegas today I'm jealous of anything We'll probably get the inside the load on I'm not sure if we will or not We'll be able to come back You know what I'm saying? So in other words if it was a crappy deal on the airline You won't tell us until I get back Which will be on Thursday This schedule boys really bizarre We got managed tomorrow afternoon Manage said two was Wednesday Tank on the world here are being on Thursday So there almost nobody is doing a show in that studio For next days on end Manage will be in there tomorrow and after that Just like they're all over the place Punching their guts on On your illegal gambling station for the 90s Why would you just change our callators to WGA? Sound good to me 5605050505060 on the AT&T Wireless line Joe is very dismayed over the fact that so many of these punks over there Never only can't take it laid but just I mean up to their ears and hawk I would be surprised if by the end of this year Before the next we turn that you're on the next calendar That several broken legs in that bullpen Maybe I'll start lunchtime Here's my mebe, hello Hey Neil, how you doing? Pretty good sir Neil, I have a question and then a comment And I like to get your reactions to folks Who is this guy our Monthocoos here is? He's the family spokesman sir The spokesman? He's the spokesman, yeah Who's got his hand in all his edges pocket allegedly? Well I've been doing a little research on the internet And this guy name Well to find out who this guy is Who's here is this spokesman? Yeah but he's like also the puppet man That's guiding this whole PR friend He's got a puppet in this pants, yeah He's got a puppet in his hand I think he's probably controlling or a mosampos And the alien family but in Dutty moscanosa Yeah But apparently I've checked up on this guy And he's also the guy that represented the judge In her campaign for the alien people We know that this is all new sir I'd like to give you something you probably don't recall Okay Do you remember the Versace murder? Yeah He just... He's the one who's the watchman on the boat there Right The same group here is created a whole monster publicity campaign To get the guy the reward money Well that's his thing he's a PR guy And he's like a black-later's he's a PR man Now they've signed the deal with CBS to do a Or a ordinary series They're equal to call us back when you get some new news Thank you 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line Still Oh you can smell it Wow 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line He looked it up on the internet All right Here's the word hello Yes, I'm sorry Yes sir And you know I've been listening to your show I'm the first time caller long time suffer All right What's the origin of the phrase Which I've never heard before I'm not going to try and it could never I've never heard that before Try and ease And what does it mean? It means when you're in the fact that you're sports Talk about they can relate to it When the get stuff and the guy comes to collect the cash They stay hot the China Is it a punch off Punch off Punch off Yeah, it has to be from the East Coast of Florida Oh, okay And could you put me on the list for the dolphin Jacksonville ticket Please 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line Out of town line This is seriously This is the biggest bunch of losers I've ever in It's only 1230 I mean we got a long way to go Got only knows we can top this Who can tell? Is this the nominal or what? Come on Let's talk about swing clubs Cubans and religion Now what are you laughing about? That's what you said on Friday You said when George does the high old say And the intellectuals call and you said all he talks about Is swing clubs Cubans and religion I think that now they've used to get the flu real bad And it's lovely why I saw it on my fall I think that's bad for you to be picking on a guy when he's down I've never been so insulted in all my life Here's pepper pie and tell us Hello Yes sir I knew Yes Good morning, or afternoon I'm sorry I pardon my voice I was screaming my head up for an ASMR I just got a question asked you What's the crazy that they showed too many computer commercials Instead of you know the funny ones you know they can normally show Well they show commercials based on who buys them See I know that's tough to understand but they depend on who buys the time That's what they show In other words this is that Muhammad Ali that horrible spot They would have bought every spot in a super bowl God for bits That's all you would have seen A true fleet. I wouldn't let something we see not lead like that I mean got caught the meat on the meat on the meat You don't be lost for a while Awesome Awesome, that was the worst the most deep for what was the point of that spot was the message Well you was just showing that he's probably selling a little bit healthier I guess maybe he's having something Help me her He could barely breathe Well what I'm trying to say is you may be maybe the medicine helping And the surgery like Michael F. Farck He's been looking like he was something it looked like every gas Anyone could be his last gas What spot were you watching man? Well I'm a little nervous and never talked Yeah, but never to let a son of Get out of here. Look like he was coming along Man, oh man I thought he was going to expire right in the middle of the spot Although it was kind of promising to see he could like stay in one spot like that That long and ten that you can't do that. She's shaking it That was trick photography Sure better than a trick photography to put Chris Reeves on ahead of that gorilla And that was so bad that was I mean to think that they spend two million dollars a spot And then not to mention how many millions to produce those spots and that's the best they could do 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 Of course the people who watch that game most of them by the time the game finally comes on So blitz that other mind they don't know what's going on anyway Yeah Super Bowl gifts football new meaning for the term blitz Here's Miami hello Hey Neil yes sir. I didn't say I never stole a freight train. I said I was never convicted Stealing a freight train Meaning I might have five jacked a truck But I'm yeah five six seven 0 5 50 pound five 60 on the 18 T line out of town line 87 7 85 63 45 22 kill one at pizza Be here before you know that will put him to the true test That's right a hashtag a high test and today it's the true test Now what do we get I sure hope you got the big and cheese burger pizza like I told you you wanted the the BLT right And it doesn't waste yeah A wing and a prayer How is West life doing by the way flying without wing everybody Yeah, they're doing it and by the way speaking of blue by IP66 who's the first person in America to play that record months and months ago And I hear on this show kid curry he won't play it because he don't like it I mean don't get me wrong about kid curry's not a bad guy and he's right that on ahead of big ass but Jesus I mean program the record doesn't play a song because he doesn't like it Like number one half in the world he don't play because he doesn't like it. What kind of a comment as much a crap as that Man, yeah, so it sounds like to me 21 till 12 till one see is almost what a clock already pizza will be here in no time elite lunch and will be on here And you would sit in there with a long push today just because these calls suck I don't care anymore. I do not care I do not care I'm here for the money give me the effing check give me the money. Let me out of here. I'll be gone before you know it and have a great life. That's it That's why I feel so much better Just knowing that this place was getting me down to the point where whatever I got a bad bullet grits was gave me the shmit and knowing that this place also was compounding to my nearest suicidal state of mind And I said to them that tell these got to right attitude and of course anybody with a voice on a kid that could be on a radio He's got to have the right attitude You know what I mean? Yeah So screw it screw them Ingenior or put out a memo not for broadcast am I impressed? Oh to him He's an engineer like my little dog is a goddamn hard surgeon by the way tiny guy in the plumb in a tree No portion of this broadcast maybe No, I think he's press written permission of WQAM be free as position court I mean In a moment Be here or As you think Yes A matter of three When I was living Right He said he would save my soul But we made a detour on the way to heaven And into the bathroom we'd be taking a stroll While he was standing in his underwear So we'd have been over and say it prayer Oh, that was broken when I think you may have I've got the list of bad old preacher may have been The rest of the room The next day I feel like a sinner And I showed up to get communion But on my tongue That was in a way for Tanniff wasn't it? Why the tripping of my chin? Court court Well he was standing in his underwear Told me to bend over and say it prayer Oh, that was broken when I think you may have I've got the list of bad old preacher may have been the luxury Not 45 at 5.50 I noticed that this article about the airport The ongoing hurled the stories The continuing covering stuff They should have uncovered 20 years ago Unused costly rentals waste millions Millions at NIA In my international airport More than $3,400 was spent to rent a fax machine They could have bought for $496 820 rent for a garage crisis alert system That basically amounted to exchanging regular phones for no hands speaker phones $750,000 for a live feed media cable at NOTV Whoever used Nearly 300,000 for talking elevators to tell people Remember where they parked their cars More than 620,000 for two fancy phones switchboards That were never used to answer a phone And they arrested Jim neighbors Remember Jim neighbors? Not him, different Jim neighbors Miami did see from aviation telecommunications For illegally accepting gifts for five years From Baker Audio Telecom from North Cross Georgia Brian North Cross Georgia Company that handed out free golf trips Dinner's World Series tickets Another gift to the supervisor Who was signing off on many of the company deals And here's a picture right here Of the $4300 fax machine Or $3400 whatever hell of it And it looks just like the cheap $200 We got sitting back there How do you like that? Oh! Millions and millions and millions of dollars The earth tax money going right down the old toilet But let's build a stadium for John Henry What do you say? Come on No! 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line Here's Jupiter Hello! Jupiter Is gone? Long gone! Okay! 5607 We got two calls left in the board Then we can enjoy our lunch and peace once this is over On a tragic Monday A day that'll live in infamy man FDRB proud of this 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line Mobile and boin and B cello Yeah, hey doing nail Okay, I was watching the game last night So it's so super cool But I was wondering if anybody saw that Commercial where they got three guys like Molarion curly sitting on the porch And at the end there's a caption on the bottom He said we just blew $2 million Would you be doing with your fire? Yeah, I don't think I'm going to I just got in the car The message was it was a piece of crap spot And how do you manage your money right in there Right? It wasn't piece of crap It was a piece of crap It was a church Well I've listened to you since back in the series days And it's first time I've ever called You're doing a great job now You're sorry I'm okay Thank you Okay, come back 560 we got 16,000 open lines here We're going to make it until two of these columns Oh, I doubt it I feel some heavy duty music coming on I can smell it Maybe we'll play some Christina Aguilara No, she can't sing for a shmit And she weighs about four pounds soaking wet She's going to have naked pictures of somebody She must have Does she have any talent at all? No, no, absolutely Positively zero None, not a She makes anything she makes me want to see a Celine Dion And I would rather croak than ever see Celine Dion Much less here, however again That's how much Christina Aguilara turns me off She makes me nauseous I mean generally speaking you see something That's an attraction with anybody Like Ricky Martin I mean if we didn't know who he was At least if he keeps his mouth shut He all looks so bad You know But some of these people You just know you know that they got the goods on somebody Here's Miami, hello Yeah, I just heard Great Yeah, we're first of all I agree with you about the commercials The actually there was only one that I liked And that's when the had those guys hurting cats That was pretty pretty fine Did I see you? The one I like is the one where I'm addicted Because I can't afford to lose this job That one's pretty good And Christina Aguilara My name is I definitely agree with you I look at her and I'm like you I first walk in in a mile I would just look at her and say I'm sure you're right and then just continue She's nice No, I mean I would just look at her She you know, probably she's not nice She weighs about four pounds She's got a face that would even a mother could hate But I mean realistically to me It's just like I can't sing I'm totally But other matches are dynamo She's a talent monster Anyway, I want to switch topics here And I'm sorry I'm been sorry I'm just having an Ecuador Where they've browned around I was trying to prioritize the currency And that's when I raised them the president that was there I got a feeling Okay, I'm telling you what channels she's on there right now I'm sorry Anyway, the pro wouldn't got pasted Oh, she oh I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry Anyway, no provident that was there I got asked it about military leaders Because the reason they didn't want to borrow I was a currency They thought you know what the US there would be Like tomorrow I'd think for the country Well, just like the guy was in power It's going to borrow I was a currency It's pretty you, you know It doesn't matter who's in power with all of somebody That has to be rich The same thing would happen with the T.F. You get rid of him and he won't be able to do that Absolutely So everybody's everybody thinks the grass is greener on the other side You know, I was class and beer whatever Someone's got to get rich So it's just, you know, I just think that's really funny And you know, I remember when, you know, I wasn't there obviously But I remember my grandma told me about the T.F. how terrible it was Well, look how much worse it is now You know, I'm Kim and by the way Yeah, you know, so Well, we don't care I don't know, I'm just trying to, you know Have a great day, thank you See you We care about humans No, we care about American No, we don't care about anybody We just care about human beings Remember that song about human beings What was the song about human beings Now, no, no, no, no Nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody Nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody, nobody but How was that song? Volca Brian with them Nobody but me by the human being I'm capital record, I do believe What do you know about music? I mean, you know, you guys I know a fair amount of that Nobody but me by the human beings D-E-I-N-Z I don't know that song You heard it In fact, there's 8 million commercials Speaking of commercials That they use that They start out with it on Like look, like look. Is that your final answer? 560, 560, pound 560 on it. Well when you're an old fart like me, it comes in handy memory all those stupid things that everybody cares about anymore. And then you say, oh gee, you don't know that. God are you done. Here's for my, as well. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I understand that Cory Savinston visiting Charles L. F. E. Yeah. You could use it. He's got, he does have a full head of hair, you know. Now we're talking, rock. How come we don't ever hear any spiral ports about our close personal friend, the Cory Savinston? Maybe now that he's got a full head of hearing, get laid once in a while. Yeah, and all I have to say about it is, can I hear the old lady's scent? Oh my god. 560, 50, 50, pound 560 on a 18 T. Wireless L. Well you know something just because you mentioned our good post friend, Cory Savinston. Oh my god. How do you like that? To show up on a great mood, I mean, I don't really care. Just give me the paycheck. There's that bitch. Oh, she's just... I bet she's seen a way searching pounds. I'm through it. Bad, bad, bad, bad. She's not bad. What? She's not bad. Bad one, looking. Yeah, she's not bad. Look, she's got a... got this porn star look to her. She was on the Mickey Mouse Club, heard of a porn star with raisinets for breasts. It's a definite look. It's a knit. It's a look. It's a look. It's a look. You know Josh Friedman? That's also a look. Anna Smell. 560, 50560, pound. 560 on a 18 T. Wireless L. Yeah, it's a look. You know, question about it. Here's Daniel. Hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. I just want to greet you on the Al Gore thing. I want to for Al Gore. And with the bushes, the first thing I came to my mind, right before you said it was illuminating. There's a lot of stuff behind that, and, you know, it's a big subject to getting in. So I lateral commission, the builder businessman. Jesus. But how too? He's got his finger in it. Yep. He's got that ball games over. He can worry about other things. Exactly. I just wanted to quickly mention to you that there's a movie coming out. And if you heard of it, I think it's called no skulls or something. That's a deal with those skulls. Something skulls. So, you'll be about a teenager that get into college and they get recruited into the secret society. Oh, no, it's skulls. Yeah. Not, yeah. That's, that's to something really, but, you know, I saw the preview. That look pretty interesting. That's what I'm saying. What do you name it that? Numb skulls or some skulls or schools skulls or something. It's something skulls. That's all I know. That's all I know. Okay. Great. But like I said, it kind of reminds me of the early onions and turnies going to be in the vehicle. It's going to be called skull camps. Right. And, and come and eat stuff. The company and have a great day. So why do you give me a look like that when I looked in the little mirror here because uh, didn't know what you were doing here? No, I have, I have this thing, which I'm sure you've noticed this horrendous dry skin problem. But only like on my scalp, like not on my scalp so much, but like here on the upper right my forehead. What? You're always touching there. Oh, no, I'm not touching there. I'm like wiping away that I have then rough of the forehead. Not on my hair, but like in here. And it drives me nuts. It's great. It's a look. You know, it's a look to appear from its Roquette. It's embarrassing. Oh, man. And I'm not going to bring in like a whole thing of a moisturized and cream in here and sitting dabbing like Ron TV or something. That's what I need. Is a magic moisturizer to make my uh, flaky forehead better. Yeah, let's start working on that instead of worrying about God damn balls and diarrhea and stuff. Let's worry about something more appetizing like in rid of nails, uh, scabby, scabby, whatever that's said. Oh, oh, oh, you've seen it. You've seen what it's uh, yeah. And of course you've been kind enough never to say, oh, man, you look like, uh, what's what died on your forehead. So you were thinking that. Yeah, see you were thinking it. I'll Georgia on the other hand. Now, even he won't pay me attention. He doesn't say it's best not to look in here. And of course the feeling is mutual. Wonderful guy, but who wants to see him? 560, 50560, pound-pot. What? Now, why do you? What is wrong with that? It's true. He's a great guy. I love George. He's fantastic. He goes a ton of work. But, you know, he's, uh, George. I mean, there's like people like Miguel and then there's people like George. They're both Cuban. George has his fans. What do you mean by that? He's got a good looking waist. Yes. And way he'll go ahead. He's in way over his head. Is that what you just said? Well, he married over his head. Yeah. Not a George get like a six one because he never sucked her arm. 1257 at 560, QAM. This is 560, UAM. Wake up with the first knees. Joe Rose, Jeff the part of Steve Goldstein. We've been wearing Zeptex. Oh no. On sports radio, 560, QAM. Oh, no. No, you two, man. On the other day. What's the bond to two hours? Hi, baby. I drive long as I'm swinging and the naked chick. If I think I'm thinking, how keep on swinging my shoulders? Even though I always be smiling, when the clouds come to open, I go, David. I love the trouble being gone. I will not alone in the back. I just winged them all the way. It's a little drink. A little back. Not to mention a nice buffet. As long as I'm swinging, I have to naked chick. If I think I'm thinking, how keep on swinging my phone? So make call it ruin. I'm a consentual checker. But all you pure is the fucker up and kiss my ass. All of them swing his legs. Let them hide them here. What any body naked? I'll pick on swinging my head. I'll keep on swinging my head. I'll keep on swinging my head. Wow. It's 1505-60WMR. Big one and two. Our hand will be here from Vegas to Safnown. Panther hockey by the way, Mar-Night. We got all kinds of panthers. We got the Porter Panthers in the Carolina Hurkhoons. And the Pit Panthers in the Miami. Look at that. I just noticed that. How could that possibly ever happen again? We got the Florida Panthers in the Carolina Hurkhoons on QAM tomorrow. And on Waxi, our sister and our law will meet the frequency station. You got the Pit Panthers and the Miami Hurkhoons basketball. We got two Panther Hurkhoons games tomorrow. My goal is to win. So anyway, years ago, many, many, many years ago before you were born. So I had a part-time job in Rochester at Midtown Records. And I was working the Knights in the Pit PWABTA. My first full-time radio job. So at any rate, I worked for two guys. Not bad guys. Ed Lions and Bob Desbacher. And Bob Desbacher, the owners of the chain of the time records from Buffalo. And Bob Desbacher was kind of like a short evolving. I would say like 40-ish guy in those days, maybe 35-40-ish. And he had the worst complexity. It was real, real dry, flicking, kicking, skin, you know. And every time every time I would see him, I would say, Eee! God, that's the most, that is the most unappealing looking. It's a bad look to a queen of phrase. It's a look, another good one. And here I am all these years later. And it goes to show you here. I was pointing the finger at saying, God, look at that. Eee! Oh, Jesus! And I got that, the kicking flaking. I got Bob Desbacher disease in my forehead. So it goes to show you. Before you start pointing it, everybody else in laughing your ass off because they look like a clown and like a freak. And like crap, and they got a very unappealing look. You're better watch it, because someday you're looking at me. Oh, Jesus Christ! I know that look. That's that Bob Desbacher look. Bad. It's not there right now. Now I look beautiful. But any minute it'll start. It just keeps coming back. Dry. I mean, so dry, like you wouldn't believe. I'm all of those people that go to Vegas. Everything I touch you and they get the static electricity because it's so dry out there. Everything I touch like snaps, crackles, and pops. Here's a mobile-in-four-later nail, huh? Yeah, hey Neil, what's going on? Yes, sir. First time, taller than dad. I just been listening to you for a little while, and I like your opinions on the Catholic Church. So I was wondering if you had an opportunity to do it but I guess I can answer city paper, it's that I guess I did. So I began with quite a long segment on the beginning of the show. Two minutes and ten is a good idea every day. 560, 750, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Pembroke Pines, hello. Hey, how you doing? Pretty good. First off, I'm glad that I'm back in the town of at least the somewhat living, because I just got back from a trip to Talahiki up there in Florida. Yeah. And it was the worst ever. I mean, I was done. I mean, we, we, we, I've opened until we got the temple on the signal and then we lost you on Thursday. Listen to that radio up there on Friday. Oh my God. I think you could put that a NASCAR show up on down here. And the joke I still have been big up there. I'll call that. He better start you when it's on. Okay. I don't like NASCAR, but I think that show would probably be any more. Get 90 here. It's more amusing than I think, than any show up there. They just keep going. Blub, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Yeah, it's ridiculous. But, you know, just want to say to you, we love Jenner's like that. And, oh, I want to talk about, yeah, and about that. Illium thing, and everyone else? No, no, I have a great day pal. No, I'm right. I'm going to talk about it anymore. I read the Jika article, only because it said so well about the local media. But are we talking about that anymore? No, no. We had an e-free day on Friday. I'm trying to ease away from that. Because there's nothing going on about it. There's nothing more to say. When something happens when they have another hearing or a judge who has a bad bowel movement or something goes on, okay, then we can talk about it. But, you know, since we're bitchy and belly aching about the fact we can't get away from it, I think we ought to take the ball by the horns. Isn't that the way they say it? Take your balls by the horns. And show everybody the way. Let's get away from that stuff. Let's talk about important stuff like Scaly Skin. Now you're talking about irritable, fastic colons and stuff like that. Real stuff that really affects our lives. God damn it. And suppose to some sport, a little six year old punky kid that doesn't mean I have a bag of beans to me. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm really mad as hell and I can't take it anymore. About about the... They're really all bags in the church. Yeah. I mean, I can't stand it when all they do is all they have is fat people on the TV. Be a bag, touching somebody's head. What are you talking about? Here's Fort Myers, huh? Excuse me, Neil. You were talking about Corey Salem? Yeah. He does have hair now. And so we just hear it only a moment ago. He's like a perverse, date, county, reptile though. Uh-huh. And let's all have. Okay, thanks. Okay. There's just this full of it in four minors. There's the arrow over here today. So feel, you know, whatever, however, that makes you feel equal. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Where's that pie? By the way, we're not going to go through that again like we did last week, or we because that would sure be that was a little bit aggravating on Friday. I think I had a little, like a little twitch in my ball from all the nervousness of waiting and anticipating. Yeah. And now that we know that it's going to be pretty good today, since he's not going to have to put it together here in Potsky, Rhino, Prona, and his rubber gloves. If JR ever shows up, I bet you're going to be dynamite. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Go ahead and shoot him in these numbers a lot today. But how many of those numbers went and down pound him out? Uh-huh. They don't care. Yeah, about the thing that people are talking about too much. No, guess what? What? What? Tom Jika and the Carl Heiss and their column said it all. Which I've already said. Nothing more needs to be said. Here's a mobile and coral spring, hello. There you go. Okay. Did you find the biggest highlight of that game yesterday? Was went out Michael's and Blomer's Ficing? Made that common about the owner of the ram, being married seven times? No. I didn't even hear that. You didn't catch that? No. No, they said that this was her seven husband that I didn't know. What does he mean? Why is that significant? I don't know, but she was spending a lot of time down on the field with all this guys right around after half time. Uh-huh. She blows. Evidently. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the old. You hear that? All right. That's what I thought he'd say. He'll be on tomorrow by the way. Man, it's he'll be in the building. Maybe he'll have me an updated new one more naked picture of Tommy Brady for me to replace this old weather worn out when he brought me some time ago. That's going to your mad dog. I was listening to him on Saturday board. That man is a trip. He is unbelievable. Facti was talking about what's the guy named Jamala Washburn? Is that his name? The place where I say I always think, no, that's a 40 in slip. He's a 60, a lot of the people in the country. I remember his name. And I always think, what kind of a name is Mashburn? Is that like with a W upside down? But anyway, he's said he definitely squats when he pees. Nice going there, Mad Dog, Mashburn squats when he pees. I keep my pants right there in a car. Listen to the amazing Mad Dog Man. He's not man's a freak. I know. Eight minutes after one at five, sixty wqm. first knee. The first knee goes to six. Only on court radio 560 QA and water lay down on my dog. This is much more than now than the global. I may be retired from tennis. The fat doesn't mean it's too tense. With my new friend. My wife. My wife. My wife. My team. The combination of fresh cut. This is the graph. I've been by tennis ball. So what you've been doing while I'm not playing tennis. You can do this. All the time. But, it's strong enough for me. But, I'm going. 1. 1. 1. 1. 2. 1. 1. 1. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 5. 5. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 7. 5. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 4. 4. 4. 4. 4. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 8. 8. 7. 7. 9. 7. 8. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 7. 8. 7. Oh, I'm a man. Oh, I'm a man. You can do the bad dog. Think of Phil Pappy. Oh, I'm a man. Oh, I'm a man. Oh, I'm a man. Oh, I'm a man. You've got it. This isn't you. It's available now. I'm a friend of school. Very good. Excellent. There is the Jonos tightened up by Archie Goleand Rels. Is the apparently. 567.0. 560. 560. 560. On the 18th. I can't believe you don't know nobody. But me by the human beings. I can't sing. Look at Brian will bring it in for you. Look at us. We got two calls to kill five minutes. Is that going to cut it? No. Got a book in the mail here from one of these pennies as publishers. They want us to put guests on here. We put guests on. Oh, opening to love 365 days a year. Definitely save this for a clearance. Who's desperately searching for that opening. Only once. Got a start somewhere. 567.0.560. 560. And also we get talking about taking a lot of food home out of here which are a jauble. From our friends. Pull my finger enterprises in where are they? Somewhere. In Los Angeles, unless. That's done as the stuff. All the apartments on last year all those, uh, uh, hundreds of them. Now they have a fantastic. It's an unfortunate fortune cookies, which, uh, the fortunes in them are, you know, milde. But here's a whole bunch of fortune cookies for you boxes and boxes of them So you got sub sandwiches we got like two whole gigantic pizzas here from Godfobbers. We know how to do it on a show or what Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, I'll put things one is the guy who said the line was seven and so the bookies cleaned up He was right the line was seven, but that's a push the bookies don't come I said I can try to say it to push but he wasn't listening Oh, I didn't hear and because he wouldn't shut up. Yeah, you would just speak in a fortune cookies and I went to a Chinese restaurant recently And I eat and then I open my fortune cookie and it says everybody hates you Did I never got one like that really? Oh, they must be one of these because they're like regular fortune cookies, but they got sarcastic fortune inside I'm only kidding. I just made that up. Well, and then I want a guarantee either be one of those in his box Yeah, they should be. Yeah last one is this I thought one of you guys I think it was booed like a year ago, but it was funny. He says He said you always see those guys when they score a touchdown or something saying, you know Well, you know and they stopped raising God and he said but you have a same say She's everything was gone fine until Jesus made me fumble right exactly. Okay, I have a right-day pal Of course to show you the Titans just aren't lordly enough. That's their problem They're not Santa right prayers. They don't have the right guy. They'm bat line full number Isaac Bruce Bruce Isaac whatever his name is man. Oh man one of 85 children from poor water. Yeah Well, he has to do is yellow Jesus and that's free train will stop right there on the tracks right didn't it's a track That's what happened yesterday in fact. I'm really surprised down Michael's and did boomerang are marginal as he is Missing out if they would have had the audio down the honest field microphones cranked up You could have heard when I touched on pass from court order In fact it was from God to Jesus to Moses. That's right all they needed was a little alien out there in the middle to be the pimps the middle man You're in a mediary Here's Kendall hello Kendall Did there's a door nail in Kendall here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Anyhow you doing okay, sir. Oh, that's kind of just call a thing the big jerk and Second of all you need yeah, yeah, loser chronic loser loser You could smell it by over the phone pad you better start doing something about that you could smell you right over the phone sounds like a Holy old Josh Friedman 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the 18 T while I was not it was some lead like to get that last minute and have going here So we need to write to this Godfather's damn it Yeah, don't you hate when it happens like you want to speed that clock up move it ahead moving it like in a hockey game You got a one goal lead about seven minutes to go and keep thinking come on get that clock on like double up the speed there is vip it along Because we're shin aquas