You're on 560 QAA, the talk to me, all 560, all 560, all 3 in David Rauhore, all 560 on your self-album opinions of the oldest guest in Colors. You're not necessarily represented those of the PC broadcast group. It's that advertising agency now. Here's Neil Roger on 560 QAA. Parakai, fucking blow! What could you do, Nick? You're the DJ. What could you do, Nick? You're the DJ. You're the DJ. You're the DJ. You're the DJ. You're the rich, loyal friend. That's a good game, Chuckie. But he's on a tour on a camp safe planet. He's so good, but friends, apart, people go on a great, with so good views on what's up back. We can't find you, but he is just a bit. We're looking all over, and it still ain't here. Hey, Roger, Junior, where'd you at? She's full, I knew what crazy roof I'd have. That you did long-haf, you were rumoured, palleted, and a broken party. And you cut it, but it's actually a fun, but I know which pitch I do. You can hire a judge, you can convey Jack's flag just in the face. For sure, Junior, where'd you at? I'll call you Junior, you're the DJ. For sure, Junior, you're the DJ. What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck, Junior, you're the DJ. I'm happy Monday morning too. This is it, baby. This is it. I'm right out of the wire. Would you like to tell me who I think is going to win the money better not? But at any rate, we had a tremendous response on our program that we can and also a phenomenal bunch of people check that out. A little video clip we had on our website at urungis.com as in bottoms up Georgia and that was 1992 that wedding. That pie faced shot we had a Georgia W. But at any rate, we know he hasn't taken a drink. See, even if you believe that he hasn't taken a drink in the 10 years, the fact is that here's a man who admits now that he was a scumbag. A drunk, a crownzer and of course doesn't want to tell us any more about it because we're too embarrassing during his youthful and discretion days till he was 40. And now all of a sudden because he's got Jesus on his side. Now he demands. Oh, oh, just scary. And speaking of the scary, there were a couple of ads in the paper over the weekend. One of the hell one of the sunsettled. Couple of these born again, fetus hugging, crazy. Oh, and then that's what you people, you bush people are in bed with. Man, you better check through a koo-oo-oo-oo. That's how you get that. 1717 votes will George W. Bush's DUI rest or is there calling it now, D.W.I. Yeah, that's what they're calling it. Make any difference in the election outcome. Yes, 945, 55%, no 742, 45%. Now realize that that's in conflict with the CNN poll. And some of the other polls, but the first statewide poll they took on it yesterday, or at least over the weekend in Pennsylvania, 68% said no, no difference. 32% said yes. Now that may seem, you know, 21, again, people saying no would make a difference, but 32% in the state that's raised you if they're margin could make a difference on a tomorrow. Dude, the whole thing is going to all depend on who shows up tomorrow. And despite of all they were talking about, oh, we want to turn out, yeah, they want to big turn out of those conservative Christians. That's what they want to big turn out. But the whole thing hinges on hug you brothers and sisters out there, baby, get the duck folks out. That's what we need. Now up until three days ago, Gorles pulling 86% in the duck and the africoon American community. You know what he's got now 91%. Vosius gone from 4% to 3% and the other 3% are trying to figure out who else is on a ballot. They're sure he's on our vote for later. Any blacks were native all now. No way. And notice that most of the people for native to categories. Very naive college kids who know nothing about anything. And think, you know, that if he gets selected there, they're going to be smoking pot in the streets the next day. And a bunch of old craggy 60s of rejects. You know, people want to be lived the 60s. Those are the native people. And if you took up and in fact, God over the weekend, they're always pulling that wishing. One thing that we are seeing is that the liberals and the native people are coming back to democratic party. Thank God for that. Thank you. All right. Right. And if I had to listen to that anymore, these native assholes calling. In fact, I think that happy to people calling and arguing for native. I think they're bush people. I can't like pet you can in myself. Yeah. If I'm thinking about bush, I'm thinking no, Buchanan is really more of a good fash. Let's go all the way. Why go halfway? So I would think very seriously before I had the punch that bush out. I think about that Buchanan thing. Are you bush people out there? At least you can and don't have no D.W.I.s that we know of. Or is that great cartoon? Is it in the around here somewhere? I don't know. I've got too much crap. I'm just loaded up with crap. Somebody factions me the latest M.A. and I got to be honest with you. These polls are good articles in yesterday's Hill. In the focus, focus, focus, focus section. That says polls have never been so ubiquitous or meaningless. Everybody agrees. The art of pulling needs it overhaul. One of the points that they make because our telephone is become a weapon in our home. And all these crazy solicitors have been bugging a hell out of us. I don't know about you. When I get a solicitor, all the onsite he's not here. He's got a vacation for two weeks. Which is pretty polite, I guess. The most people would just say click or even worse. As in F.U. don't bother me again. Click. So they have a tough time. Used to be 75% of the people in these political polls would respond on the phone. Now it's down to 50%. And in a lot of cases less. So they're having a really tough time getting a representative sample. Just like Arbitron had during the month of September. Roughkin in here showed me the month by month in our last summer book. September. And this radio station according to Arbitron, he was vanished off the face of the globe. Does anybody believe that? Oh, of course not. Up there in Gulf of Maryland. I think it's too many, uh, a few, too many belt. This problem up there. They know they're answering their elbow. But here's the very latest. And if you really are in sign and then suddenly I could really just obsess with this selection, which I can't imagine as you would be. Unless you're worried about fashes and all those right-wing judges. You've had it to be real fun. I had some Roman call last week. But that's not the scare tactic about the dead. That's the scare tactic. And also for the major people who think that they're building a party. And that they're going to get that $12 million a big hit there. 5%. You see, once George W.D. If he gives you help him get in there, once he starts appointing those judges, you get one or two, maybe more in. Everything that Nader supposedly stands for is on the toilet. We'll take several big giant steps backwards into the Stone Age. But don't confuse the Native people with the facts. Also, if they do get their 5% they get their $12 million. What they're basically doing is ensuring Republican President for years to come. For years to come, because if the Green Party, which is an extreme radical left-wing movement, with no real constituency in this country, except like I said, a bunch of stupid night college kids, and a bunch of old-farts who want to reload the 60s. And if they do start making a few enverts to the far where they get their 7% or 8% we still never get more than that, then they couldn't ensure like I said, Republican President for years in years to come. What's again, is like cut and off, you know, despite your face, because naturally the Republican Party stands for everything diametrically opposed to what the Nader people in the Green Party supposedly stand for. Like the environment, well I'll tell you once that big business is just salivating. Wait to get a couple of those busher poisons in there. They can't wait. Here's the latest Florida 49 for Gore 46 for a bush, four for Nader. That's as of this moment from MSNBC zombie. And I have a very serious doubts about their poll. Michigan, they got Gore up by a 7. State of Washington, Gore up by 4, but Nader's getting 7% there. Pennsylvania, Gore 47, Bush 45, Nader up 7. So again, you see the Nader factor there, he's a chigrant of rip-out. You take him out of the equation here, and even his 7 points, said you fired the Gore into the bush. It will be not even close. Wisconsin, Bush 47, Gore 45, Nader 7 again, and of course Gore cannot afford really lose Wisconsin. Illinois, Gore by 13, National Registered voters, registered not likely voters, National Registered voters, Galaposio, Gore 46, Bush 45, Newsway, Gore 44, Bush 41, and the PDS Corps, Gore 45, Bush 42, but likely voters, Gore 46, Bush 47 and the MSNBC zombie purf, and Galaposio 47, Gore 45. Likely voters. So the whole thing hinges on getting a whole bunch of people out there tomorrow, who everybody expects well or not going to bother this time, because the candidate to boring, anybody really gives a crap, and nobody is coming votes anyway. That's what it all boils down to. A massive, gigantic humongous upheaval of people coming out to vote tomorrow. Hey, I got to make sure that I got through right place. I'm going to get up right in early in the morning, I'm going to vote in the morning, and I hope that it's if a big report place on the clock, I hope that's correct, I didn't get any bum information. Because it looks to me like a little firehouse building there, or sunrise by 1118, but it looks like an outhouse is what it really looks like. Yeah, I hear the people in the hell and bail of voting, but that outhouse again. I'm going to sunny, you jackass. 10 past 10 at 5.60, WDQ. No question of the program may do, we could be a bit less written commissioner, WDQ and B.C. Godfax, quick and corporate. I wouldn't believe a word Neil said it without home was no surprise. Good night, on entertainment, did I? Governor Bush, why did you outlaw the bunch of steel workout video in Texas? I want you to have an answer to kick and pass on from one generation to the next. What? I want you to have your own answer, and you can call your own dad. Tonight, I'm entertainment tonight. That's 15 at 5.60 WDQ, MCD, the DUI, the DWI, whatever you want to call it. That may or may not have any impact on people, but the fact is that this reporter, what's always his name again, Walter Slater, something like that, from the Wobber's Table, from the Dallas Morning News, comes right out, and for some reason we only saw that two or four times, that was the end of it. They showed it one more time yesterday. Talking about the interview he did with WDQ, it was two years ago. Ask him, did he ever have any rest before night or after 1968, and the answer was no. And then what's your name, Katie, Walter named, correct what it knows, seriously. His press secretary, she steps in there like separates him, like an arresting match. They're like in a ringing a boxing match. She steps in between the two. Well, that's it, times up, get out of here. You're starting to turn on very dangerous ground. And this business, the fact that the American public seems satisfied with the fact that he just generalizes losses over these 40 years or how many, I guess, 25 years of a screw and around, with well, I didn't have a perfect record as a youth. First of all, 3938AU, that's number one. And number two, I'm crowning minds if they hit any brains, probably would like to know what that means. I wouldn't have been just a good-looking generality. Because characters, they wanted his big things that have been screaming about. And if you notice on his campaign on his thumb-speakers, Stumps-Mey, why, but his button, it's exactly the same thing everywhere. All the cliches about all the oil-faction politics and the Washington politics and all the South-Horsecraft. And get rid of a bitterness in Washington. And Washington, all these, I mean, mind was generalities. Because he can't answer his questions about the Fed and Social Security with the $trade-in- dollars over here for the young people and a trade-in for the old people who are supposed to be collecting enough. He can't answer that. And certainly doesn't want to talk too much about the task code for the rich. So it's a lot better to talk about getting rid of the bitterness and the old style politics and the character assassination and the idea of the idea of the idea. What do these people listen to? I just don't get it. I really don't. Here's our third question for today. I guess you guessed it. We'll try one more time. I will see how much success we have. If you are voting tomorrow, for your voting for George W. Bush, Al Gore, Ralph Nader, Harry Brown, Yeah, we even put Harry Brown on there for those of the 10-year-old Terrence we have out there. You know what we say about the libertarians? Yeah, they blow two. They blow in more smoke than the Nader people. How about we even put Fudge Brown on there? Maybe next time. Put me candid on there? Did I leave him off? Well, yeah Patrick, you can't and Scott, that was a subliminal war or a subliminal part. Don't forget to grate, tattoo, cannon all you will rightfully Republican job there. You know, something I think we ought to start a campaign on in Little Havana. Make them understand that. Pat Buchanan is their man. Not George W. He don't like it legally. He doesn't like immigrants to begin with. We'll get somebody to draw a line. I can hit him. What do you say? Well, that somebody to draw Cuban flagguards. Hanford Cheat for under his neck. I remember seeing a rope around his neck yesterday. W was done here in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, in, concrete rises. If UCLA was at the FBI Union stadium. And Los Angeles, and Adana was on the stage with a mus attract at about 4 feet away. She was crawling so much. I thought she was going to jump up and just hop on his back and do Little piggyback. She was just pulling it to my mouth. And especially when he started screaming about a free Cubara at night not on another side of crap. But all those two slith S creators of 21? Spreaming young and doesn't say memorials. Ryan McCrathary Pat Buchanan contraires. Every living and breathing person in South Florida who really cares should give a shfarts or a ride to the polling place Which you think have to do an idea I'm and I'm not saying that most black people don't have their own cars but sometimes those little brown Toyota But that's the Haitians I guess. Let's get those Haitians out those you make ones to them I don't forget about them Here's a mobile and time-bred pines are first call of a week hello Hello Yes, sir First time calling I'm very nervous I In fact, people are living the The bushboarders. They are buying the boat, you know, huh? They're what? By the guy out from the money to board for a bush You offer you how much? It's a not much thing that I gave you 10 dollar tape for you You bought it Yeah, not a lot I said no Well, you should take it to me can't tell you either In fact, you should take them to my little bush people and go and vote for go anyway No, he gave me he gave me but I happen to eat it But you think then so far or who you are Go on then I said I don't know who won't be know what I'm going to vote for go He said why I say first of all he's a little better looking than then yeah, that's right And uh, I'm not gonna be nervous yeah, he got a little serious More than than bush Uh-huh. He said nobody bush is good guy and Gore is liar I said they are lie. He said no He said bush do what he said But go Promise and he's not do it. I said but more proper bush He said what are you? He really might not read my hips yeah. Yeah. He says that says son Okay, I'll listen vote two or three times for going and since you've liven at tax You pick up a bunch of best people and make sure they go for go to good luck, you sure I bless you. How do you like that? The rough and caddy I really need to vote for bush that's how desperate they are here in South Florida 560 5056 the pound five 60 on the 18T and Verizon wireless one I see line five is still out of stuff He gave me a song to dance and double talk about that. You know I'm looking at that transfer September I mean disaster for this entire radio station and I'm thinking about self-worth I'm in his shoes. I'm on the phone right now with the phone company. I'm like dancing around the edges of the building I'm doing everything in my power to try to resurrect the audience here In fact, I'm sitting here looking at that phone and I'm trying to resurrect this audience too. What is with this? This is the baby for the election. Oh, that's right. It's Monday. I forgot And we're not talking about the canes in the fish the fish in the cane. See that's what this state is all about football. You need a ball of unit a ball of unit a ball of unit that's what it's all about And speaking of that how the hell come we haven't read anything over the or we came about the Murray boys Speaking of sports Just a matter of time baby just a matter of time Here's a mobile and pomp in a hello. Yep. Yeah, no vote for going in heeberman Bye bye. Okay 567. I was really that was brilliant 567. Oh, I see you ought to call a cease band people maybe we should get him in here today Yeah, oh, we had a couple of days last week that you would have been really just Stop yourself in the armpit a couple of times Here's for my as hell Last year self in the armpit. Yeah, come on. Let's get with it. Let's hear your material. Not mine. We just heard mine All right first of all the shrubs and we'll see you look hard to get some falls and I wouldn't be morning You what's gonna have to do with change that song. It's gonna be President Bush Is a flourish man. Where are they had president Bush and he was a peace instrument Well, we're gonna have another one. No, I don't think so. Here we are and any hey But it's certainly else something the fact that you're sitting here on the phone saying it number one is gonna make it happen And number two, it really dismayes me that you yaho's over there on a west coast When I'm interested in what you have to say we know it's got that big red thing on a map They had a thing in the papers over the weekend showing the the Demographics and the aboding preferences and the various parts of this day We know that you're solidly they could put up a guy then grow older to run and you still be If I was not a Republican ticket you go there and vote for because it's in your blood You can't help yourself In fact, I think you deserve that you're a thing to do. I think he filled in like a rubber glove deep inside the echo Speaking of these ads in the paper over the weekend here was page What is it five being but is your sloppy printing five being yesterday's Sun Sentinel Saturdays Can a Christian vote for Al Gore? For a pay-dad This is right in line with that last Yahoo we disheard from from four miles that asshole Seven issues from a biblical perspective It's a matter of record that will not vote for fencing Christians Clinton could never been elected Approximately a cured of evangelical Christians voted for him you took George Washington himself stated flatly it is impossible to write govern the world without God in the Bible Even of course he was a dearest which means he was an atheist We sincerely believe that it is impossible for a true Christian who follows God's word of Orphal birth a person and I've Asian to point out that George Washington was not a Christian This is a paid political ad paid by Peter Fooley 1515 fourth street east Omaha, Nebraska Peter four some good One Grow advocates abortion partially born and unborn the precious Friday of life is the major thing that a Bible goes on a Two grow advocates or tolerably it's homosexuality God's word is clear homosexuality is an abomination that goes on a grow all-one-point judges who are hostile to Christianity All right the president's power to appoint Supreme Court justice and federal court justice is far reaching and my view If elected grow all attempt to refaction America into a country the blood of all values and virtues are found as believe Recessory for this survival of our nation Like to have them while rocking and covering it up and then lying about your military service to For a grow president's evil continue a systematic destruction of the family federal government policy and atheists they've probably schooled the oxidation as Exense for it to the president deteriorating condition Of you are you hearing that There's dumb as years and by the way one of my think social security is some kind of a federal program Yeah That was another good one all he just has trouble he just gets confused he's a moron, okay? They think it's some kind of a federal program It's the word they're looking for here is exacerbated, but it says federal government policy and atheistic public school not raising has Exense for it is a president deteriorating condition of the American families. How do you like that? You're a little bit more on paying out together. How do you like that apple? This is how ethics will continue on this board Worked positive the indoctrination of America's children and grow could further disarm our nation and demoralize our fighting forces Saudi, Saudi, Saudi, and you got in the government, so on Then we got another one 23 a in yesterday is here Have you ever held a newborn baby in your arms? Have you ever seen the signs of a baby's feet at 10 weeks after conception? Well, here they are the actual size and it's got like a little tiny pair of black feet, no matter fact On November so if we have a chance to save millions of babies lives by voting for people of life Especially a president who respect the life of the unborn life this secs a sacred makes no mistake about this Psalm 139 13 says you afforded my in-laws being uniting the immeathers room As the nation unbergued Saudi, Saudi, this one's paid for by the McAlpine family who over there Both rejoice double your boyish for a president For those of you who are pro-choices and maybe with the new testament and Scott Saudi, Saudi, you're about a bunch of biblical crap So all the right to do out there who thinks that you're hopping in bed with moderate people You're hopping in bed with a father religious right I've been telling you that at a long and that's what it's all about Those are the people who are a salivate right now. There's crazy each other. They're so excited about this 26th and 10th five 60 W QA in F stopping And I'm going to be glad, yes, honey, all you want to do is me. Not a baby, but I'm really hot, wow, we're sick of it. I'm not sick of you, I used to be her. I'm dead, this school got wet, way above my knee. But I made a change of things to bless you to me. Remember that I'm legal baby, that's your sign. I'm 32 or five, 50, W2, I'm so drugged, I'm gonna say, why do they think social security is some kind of a federal program? I'm dead, vote. And while you're turning out to vote, make sure you talk to open mind and democrats. And independent. You can't word for words, verbatim. Airweek campaign stop. Word for word. All of who he did come up with the rule of knowledge got helpers on the way. It's only 24 hours away. Helpers on the way. Help from this great prosperity of the last eight years. Help from the fact that most of you are better off than you were eight years ago under the Reagan Bush depression with high inflation, high unemployment. And that unfinished Gulf War. Yeah. Helpers on the way, I'll write for the big world companies and the pharmaceutical companies and other back-o companies. And all of his other friends who pollute the environment like they didn't use them in all of his taxes. If you haven't understand why the democrats didn't run a whole series of campaign ads, just showing the Houston skyline on an average day. They had somebody reporting from Austin yesterday with the middle of the afternoon, even though they're now behind. So maybe he was too a clock in the afternoon. And look like something you see at eight o'clock in the morning, you know, on a foggy day, we're like the end of the world in Austin, Texas. And just through a pollution borrows in girls, you might seem nothing yet. That's right. That ought to be his line. You ain't seen nothing yet. Here's the above of this is the same stuff we had before. MSNBC is rolling the poles. Florida 49th of Gourmet 46 for Bushnader with six. Illinois Gourmet's got a 13 points up. Michigan, Gourmet 53, Nader 5. But this is brand new. Isn't it? Is this what I had before? Michigan? Not at all we had before. I started to say before they're going to have last minute pulling. They don't think they're on election day itself because they claim they don't want to influence the outcome of the election anybody believe that? Yeah. But they're conducting last minute pulling right up till midnight tonight. So if you're following us, we're assuming that's on the west coast. They're doing the pulling up till midnight, but you never know. They'll be the following 12 30 to more. I don't think as right here, right here, exactly as I'd be up. Yeah. Click. Can I understand why they haven't so much difficulty with getting those people to respond? Here's a mobile on Hollywood, hello. Hi, now you're doing. Okay. You can vote today, you know. If we're our county, they're still doing absolutely that way. Yeah. Why don't I don't you do that? If you don't want to worry about it, it's mind goes to South Carolina, court house, the main court house. Well, I'm not going in court house. I'm just, I, because the pulling place is right by my house. It's assuming it's the right one. Yeah, because I just went and voted today, because I'm driving people to the pole tomorrow. Wait. It's one of the Democrats. Uh-huh. So, uh, there's not very many people. I'm running, get it over and done with. Okay. All right. Go back again, do it again tomorrow. Okay. 560, 560. What's that pair look like? 38 votes already. If you're holding, if you are voting tomorrow, who you'd be voting for? Gror 27. Bre least six. Nado tube. You can't entree and fight a brown, hairy brown one, who know? So glad AIDS. So glad AIDS. He wasn't here yesterday in Miami. So? I'm wondering if he was counterathree or fifting to 37, the meters be HD. Safe. I mean, this man is so dumb, he makes her a rock. Look like a genius. Better than all of the configured campaigns on I am a rock. Here's what waterdale. Hello. How you doing now? Yes sir. Hey, a few questions first of all Why did a lane balloon change is going over last name from U.M. To O.O.M. Excellent question and because people used to probably call it bloom And That third second question yes Regarding the DUI that George Bush got 24 years. He's W.I. We have a senator He drove off a bridge and no one seemed really care about that. He told the goal from that you know That's it. You see the fact that the matter is that senator is still before the electorate There is no real great secret about that. It's been talked about a great like that senator Specifically election in the states in fact sometimes he doesn't even have an opponent because he's so popular And the electorate I'm not saying that he does never write a drive-on Drop it the public has a right to know about it and he certainly ought to not be lying to be Produced from the Dallas morning news or anybody else and trying to cover it up Which he has been and then there's a stupid letter that the editor in a paper today about all how Corridious and refreshing it was to see him Be over this head on well, he said we're gonna head on because they had him gotcha They had the goods on him that's how much you're up there in the name with a little schmotha on his head that's a goofball Yeah, there's a senator in how come he lanes bloom changed their name But what is this what what is this? I bought a key chair and CD off your website and now they want to give a thousand one Dollar I don't understand what the hell I did. What is that? I don't get it. That's what I got our current statues with the crayon. Oh, yeah, oh, yeah, maybe somebody wrote it out for them It's probably about five six seven five sixty pound five sixty Sure if that's the best you can do if that's the best campaign To be you can do on the day before about the senator and Massachusetts and by the way Sure, he happens to be probably in my opinion the most effective senator in the entire United States None of my favorite and it's not true that no one seems to care about it We're only heard chapter quick. Oh, and they care about it a lot, but let me say it again when you go before the electorate Then we find out how much those people care about it and obviously the people are massive to shit don't care And I'll say it again. We're gonna have whoever wins dick chanie George W and Ted Kennedy and also a Lancer organ dollars Those four are gonna be driving. They're gonna be taking pictures. They're gonna be fighting for the wheel That's right the organ dollars family. They'll thin he'll be in there too Funny two before a lot of the five sixty W Q a I think Bush is gonna win I hate to say that a lot of really other people out there. I smell the same teff one on him that I smell on Reagan You can you can smell it a mile away Yeah, and if they would come out and find out that he he murdered somebody 25 years ago or the abortions so it came out I feel a little bit would make any difference even the same people that put those ads in the neighborhood just really well But he accepted Christ yet. Yeah, it does make any difference. See that's a catch-all That's a cover for everything no matter what you did It's like those crazy born again nuts who say or if Hitler would have accepted Christ on his deathbed then he'd go to heaven Which is why many of us are gonna be really happy not to be there Neil Roger show sports radio 5 60 You Long so your show Dear John go the person's statements. I'm sure some work. It's one of my top priorities. Jim to give everything Well child in the United States are Hand-on there are so widely available that kids are finding way to get a whole of them I'm a grand father now. I want to be able to kill my grandson We were violent and unpredictable. I'll do whatever is necessary if I'm present to make sure that it's day that way and I ask for your support And I'm To corrupt officials and and to make sure our society is as hopeful as it possibly can be every single child in America must be put to that I mean every child we can we can close public schools I'm a hard-hearted person and I don't care about children you feel that is a fair year I'll get an instant I do I do 18 before 11 at five 60 W if you have Randy road three or seven as we continue recycling the same Our losers again stupid talk starting when you do see them all Did you say them all we don't know we don't know you Yeah, or she ought to be gigantic there. Let's hear it as they continue putting on these the succession Our female tacos to all sound the same Fail the same Understandable But in the world that brilliant program a people just she got broad She got broad Okay, nice going there Randy Three to seven on super talk starting tomorrow can't wait for that or I thank you a big trouble now We're starting sometime highly hello You don't know what it's perfect including you funny voice same world clowns Put it back in your pants belt because if ever every anything was invented by nature that wasn't perfect. That's it. Oh God take a look at that thing Here's my me be chill. Yeah, I don't know okay, sure. Yeah, I was You got a fucking gun push My name is Wayne Bois and I'm a well-known and I like my my Well, what about you kissing a kiss a dozen? Are you kissing cousin? No, I'm not a kissing cousin. Yeah, you talk a dad about him. Yeah, that's a moral on here's the world He is no I'm not I'm a good union. Oh, you're a joke. Yeah, I'm better where to tell you every day Okay with your phony name and your phony laugh and your phony whatever else your phony stump penis 5607.0560. So this is the mentality of the bush people the guy from Fort Myers this guy here The other pump that calls up at the show and it's about head Kennedy and it's a driving area It's married you'll correctly off the bridge into a traffic quick and if that's guy think you were looking on a Missouri poll bush 49 go 45 later four Bad news for the poor people right there in misery. I'll tell you that that's a state he can ill-well He would not find him. I'm a new anyway, but they're locally a good Who's got a win Florida Pennsylvania Michigan all three make no mistake about that and then still has got the similar to do 560560 listen to these calls were getting here again today This is the intelligente the cream of the coffin self-loat and all so many of the punnits are saying oh, yeah Florida's gonna be the key and South Florida specializes in the side the outcome of the selection Just for through these people Here's South Miami hello. I want to vote for yeah, huh? Don't write me. Chaloh Okay, sir. I call people for I'm And the reason why I think you might win this day I'm then you're gonna make me the same speech that you made before No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no speech is about pulse. Yeah Okay, the poll that I've been looking at which seems to be the most reliable over the last several elections Let's take hold the battle ground poll which has the Democrats the Linda Lake and the Republican Robert go as I think it's name is Robert. Oh, it's not like that And their latest poll lives of this morning so push with the 9.0 Okay, he's increased it actually over the weekend 9.0 lead and where the whole country And what they said is it's you know, listen to this. I don't know if you heard this I and individual if he Win the election by more than 2.2 percentage points throughout the country. Yeah, he cannot Statistically he can't lose the electoral college I don't know how they figure that out, but that's what they said that's ridiculous That's what they said if I don't kill what they said it's ridiculous because he's been away Texting by gigantic landslides and growers middleman California buys much as they thought he was gonna win So it's still a possibility they'll all say that you know, so I don't know how they could get that out Because and the only top I have with him is MBC zombie is like article I read is that zombie because most of the polling Before six o'clock at night right so he's not encompassing everybody when you pull at night Let's say between six to 11 you can't everybody So I think just hold mainly during the day when he gets mainly retirees or people are working So his post can't really So close to Democrats it's under the underpulse You mean is a part of the Gallup poll that always for somebody's in team that typically Republicans for some strange reason Well, I'm just going by what I read you know, you know, and we'll know tomorrow You can get a better lesson clock and one thing about Florida is that a hundred thousand absentee ballots There are more than a hundred thousand absentee ballots for Republicans of the Democrats So that tells me about motivation You sense it you see more of a motivational Pace with the Republicans Oh, there's no question about that because they got to go up the morning impressions all worked up into a friend He was no question about that You might have who wins with still living in the greatest country in the world? No one knows no we absolutely are not We disagree there. Okay. Have a great day pal See there's a guy who believes this is the greatest country in the world That our third rate education in our life expectancy so much shorter than some of the civilized countries this is the fastest country in the world No question about that In fact, I'll tell you what a great country this is an article front page of this morning's Harold But I found kind of bizarre It's just going to it's blocking the blower international visits up 385% to 85 And it goes on about all these people mostly from Latin America Europe Oh, whatever Got the countries listed in here But anyway, and when I picked this up when I came into work this morning I picked up the front page again I thought to myself what is it that these people are doing when they come to Broward and Of course immediately once they came to mind the swordgrass and I opened up to the second part of the article on page 14 a Rally tourism season increase and here are a bunch of people Couple old parts in some middle-aged people bargain figures tourists from Norway and Sweden this and brought from vain to shop at the Sorgrass mills mall and sunrise The greatest country in the world baby more strict shopping centers more shopping malls Do they have a hotel in the mall there now that they should have they are? Yeah, yeah, yeah Bigly I Mean what are we talking about? I mean we're gonna be glad to take their money just keep bringing the money and drop it off in the little sack thank you But I just don't understand what the hell are they doing there? Here's a lady in Miami hello Hello, yes, man. Hi, how are you this morning and Now Yeah, I'm sorry al Niel al Niel You're okay, I'm a little bit confused. Yeah, I have I'm a volunteer. I sure I'm a little bit more animated than Al Gore Okay, most definitely I'm a smile. I'm a good I'm an abit listener except that today I have a little The favorite ask to see if we can let people know on your listening station That my listening station well, you brought cast and they can grow it and I believe the west coast Yeah, even on the west coast that's right even those red necks those those pictures over there in four miles in Naples right right But I'm the volunteer. They're probably doing their sheep right now I've been volunteering for the democratic party here in in Miami. Yeah, and I just wanted to ask whether or not there's people that would like to come to see Al Gore and See you wonder tonight at studying at Kenna clock on South Beach now. See me wonder gonna see Al Gore Thank you for be there. Oh, okay. He's actually going to be one of the former and Debut clock is also going to be there and They can get three tickets if you are a gore supporter any of the democratic party offices It's a volume pick from off We like to see as many people there are possible tonight and If anyone can come out and support our Gore and In the victory tonight That would really help if you could put this on the air. Okay. It's on here. Oh, it is. Thank you very much We've got good luck California poll look at that girl 47 bush 44 and eight or seven That's good little bit too tight Florida poll girl 49 bush 46 later four. I think they got a cub before though I think you right I think Bush is gonna win But of course don't get over confident. Don't get too cocky. You might be surprised to just how many people turn out See we tender believe polls that tell us things that we like if a poll comes out and it's 7 points In favor of the candidate we don't like we say I yeah, well, we don't really believe that poll and so we keep so it Of course now it's easy because there's eight many different pearls So we tend to focus in on the pearl has the results that we like and say yeah, they know their crap Like the fox pull the fox polar wicked was the only one who is like dead even 43 a piece and the widely that anything They say it fox knows oh, first not there a bunch of fashes which surprises me Maybe they're trying to roll somebody to believe that girl might win. I don't know what they're trying to do up pedal at fox Here's Holly was hello Holly would Going once going twice probably expired Here's a morgue call. Oh, yeah, I know yes, sir. I just want to Reply for the people that are calling about Ted Kennedy That is the chap of Quidditch and yeah, I had one call not the people that were all one Although it's been on several stations. I just want to say that's why he never was able to run for president What do you mean he was never able to run he did one in 1980 don't you remember that? He did one I didn't recall that. Okay. Oh, boy Oh Can I see a long question Seriously what's the use that's the question. What's the use you get paid? No, I understand that. I'll take the money But I mean what and here's a guy who was all about to know better You have like absolutely read you a book some time. You know, it's not it's only 20 years ago He was never able to run for a business with Carl that that he challenged Jimmy Carter in 1980 One a couple of primaries and then proceeded to get his ass kicked Because he really couldn't say why he was running for president other than his name was Kennedy just like George Zabria He's running for president because his name is Bush Because the daddy and big chaining all of his other buddies all his other asshole buddies there This is the figurehead just like Reagan was the figurehead for eight years and I'm not going to call out another figurehead Because that's exactly what he is a puppet Here's another one the keys, hello Oh, good morning now. Yes, I've been in May with good evening I'm a grocery porter and I just have a question kind of off the top of a little bit I just have a sample balance that got all the stuff about real acting and judges But working you get information on how these judges What the records and what have they ruled on different things? So every time we have an election I've never seen anything in the papers or any kind of information about You know, they're fast performance and why did we should be real like the number vote in the mouth? I don't know big section in the papers yesterday Both of them the heralden of some sent me here's the focus section and there's a special election section in the In the Assun set of law so and a house racist by the way The guy that called me on Friday said be sure in vocal lane gloom You know, I'm going to long for some trying to pump up the lane gloom and be cliche But the fact is I don't live anywhere near your lane gloom's this in the clay show of district district 26 I live like most of the people in Broward and much of the people in Bay district 20 Peter Deutsch who's running on a close So I'll try to vote for a lane gloom. Maybe I'll find somewhere to write her name in there. Yeah, I lane boom Bloom whatever this is a B base Sir get you a paper get you at one yesterday's newspaper there's the best information for you right there Just pages and pages and pages more than you could ever possibly digest or even want to know Here's Lakeland, huh? yesterday as a chevber was on all the radio I mean all the talk shows and The sand bottle from asked employee boy. He said you and your brother Have not answered the question what happens when people take their money put in the stock market and they lose With the taxpayers bail them out and Jeber would answer. Well, they should bail about the as an elf That's right, but even some here was on fox when Jeber was on They were asking about the DUI and Jeber said well, but first how my heart about it was you know I'm a television and they said well, but then Jeber said that that fails That fails and compares into some of the other stories I could tell you about my brother and put him said care to share some of those stories with us and the Jeber said well Let's just say he was ran a bunch of Ran bunkers like that abortion See, remember that no seriously This is very serious business that that this man has just made one blanket statement about well, you know I did not have a perfect record as you to whatever the words were and then that's it He believes in the media and the public have a lot of them to get away with a that's a satisfactory answer And what he also say that for years after this The DUI he was still written until he was 40 years old by his own admission Well, we've seen him drinking in 1992 to leave last right on my website, right? Didn't touch a drop of it But that wasn't my class. Well, maybe it's just ice globe is in okay Can bush read is George W. Bush your liver From Michael Moore direct your Roger and me TV nation, etc On this time I'd take time to read this or maybe I'll have some of you to tune in You know next thing these Democrats are gonna be telling that social security some kind of a federal program I Hate to point out the most successful federal program in history of the country. I hate to point that out Also, he's the point out that nobody is ever going to miss any social security payments It's political dynamite. It's never gonna happen So it's really a move point But you know when you have nothing else when you've got eight years of un-un-pill-of-trust Reality and everybody working and the stock market I see is way up again today Sorry George too bad about that. See George keeps waiting for these crap stocks to drop some more so we can buy some like zero ox and VBG Now you're beginning to understand what it's all about you think you got it all planned out and you're gonna move in it And then before you have a chance to even fart all of a sudden all that's up More than what you wanted to pay for it. So it's the BG I have I don't know and I don't care Three minutes before I'll earn it fine. What I do care about is where they hello our cigar These this man ever gonna bring us just one oh just a crappy off with your George is wearing his nice mixing our t-shirt today We're asking I've ever done that The last you ever got from that you can if you people at Nick's are listening down there And I'm sure that you are this is the joke This isn't you sick that meals doing on a radio this Frank son of a bitch down there and sales has Excited with every single one of your great cigars that was to intend for us and we're getting pretty guy damn pork off about it 6W I mean Roops HM W 2 AM dot com or the world The Rogers show Yeah Oh One of our three at five sixty W Q. I'm happy Monday to you I'll see QM is gonna be out tonight if a picket sports bar and grill and deer field beach in the corner Hillsborough Boulevard and power line road with the QM van and it came out plans for Monday night football I'll have the best of the LCDs and the key change and also the great new buttons at plant here It made with me as Buddha and a whole bunch of other things Exciting my one-finger greeting. They're beautiful fun. Thank you plant here. I don't God bless you So that's tonight in the dear field beach in the corner Hillsborough and power line the Kmart prize up from out in that football And of course you've also really respect now always that lengthy message from Mark Hiddemick They were telling me about on your horse mail. They don't have the key change It's back. So we already know that Everybody in the world know that We have the CDs and cassettes specs all over town and also when they post informers So they had the key change. Oh, no, did we already know that? Yes Mark Hiddemick is he work here? No, he don't work here. So what he's picking his nose in this for Hiddemick If he works on you won't speak sure I said what a side for him. He wants one. No, no, no, I got one And you're not getting a hiddemick Who does he work for? Is he still work for Cox? I mean broadcasting 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Elijah wireless line 159 votes if you're voting the bar for whom you be voting? girl 120 Bush 29 neither nine How do you like that huh? behind Pet you can't in seven and squad's right. I hear you brown for the libertarian football Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. I mean, yes, man. I do it. Okay Don't you know I'm Italian Could be a little see that on the towel for bush? Well, you know them. No Couple of things first of all because I got the number of anyone told you about this But my Miami hurled on Sunday came wrapped in a plastic wrapper that said bush change We'll switch to any and all recovery can candidate really Did you say that the hurricane out for Gore Bay and Doris all the Democratic came? Yeah Well, Doris is also named or healing bloom. Well, I got myself pissed. I'm sorry You know I thought the hurled and I ripped them of Neil. Why what did they say? They said well, you know they pay for Yeah, yeah All right secondly as a volunteer working as a graduate Being on the phone being out waiting time. This is an unsigned typical but given the ball This is good as a lesson. Thank you But we are on you as one yesterday around the fall. We were there from three of cultural five 30 and I would say seven out of ten cars some suck fist bumping for Gore. Oh Yeah, so listen all you folks out there. They want you to think Florida is Is over-brum time you from Rags Bay Tommy police praise Pearl he spoke to point to head Gore 47 by the fire What they say they're internal folks say that bushes that have by seven the point is every Democrats, you have to crawl if you have you know you need someone to just get out there Can take Florida and don't listen to what people say because my experience for what I say and it's only you know grassroots but there There are people out there and especially the Cuban Americans who are threatening this is Democrats You're gonna have a ground floor of the so just keep the face Okay keep it up sweetheart Baba Yeah, they're internal poll republicans you were they high-imbrecht Yeah, that's that's where the intern is the intern is in there back to on my Baba who had him under their head Who under the table five 6705 60 see one thing that's gonna happen one thing What are coming here Wednesday morning and then of course if Bush wings with some of this a very good chance He will then are gonna get all these childish idiotic I see what you got to do now Damn and something else they'll be getting the same paycheck and I'll be taking him a lot more of it too If that takes cutting passes, which it probably won't Because it's more than voodoo see why no Reagan was accused by Papa brush your voodoo like a economics This is more like voodoo economics because it's a polish met voodoo economics not a bit makes any sense Here's Miami hello Oh, okay, sir. Okay, brushes of granted the fat can't feel like Reagan type of candidate He wants to initiate a stopman type government also he wants to trial errorism and then you're probably I can go over to you. Yeah, I don't think so 5605 50 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon world is one never forget Papa Bush the CIA the trial Electoral Commission to build the burger Oh, you see how this wicked web that they leave around us All these rich Texas oil billionaires not these special interest they decided long ago that he was that W was gonna be the next Sir in heritter he was gonna be the next torch bearer. He's bearing it Here's a lady in Hollywood hello Hi, you yes, man. Yes, I just this first time ever called the talk has some a little nervous. Okay, the American public is just making Crazy I can't believe how close is there I mean to me. It's so obvious how many sincere in our again Discessing Bush it but But what I wanted to bring up was years ago a lot of Bush ran a stop sign and killed a man Now that has happened to typical court. How bored is that come from it was in people magazine October 9th is shoot and black and white And they did a research to put a print in it. Yeah, and if there's one she was 17 years old She was in a car. She was driving and she killed him They shoot she ran a stop sign and it's that happened to tipper Who ever made a media would have destroyed? Yeah, it's great. I never even heard that story It's been pushed on this as well, but it was it was in people That's like just like the cocaine arrest in 72 has been pushed out of the rug just like that abortion that Larry has once been talking about and just like all of these other things that come out of the heading up Youthful in the scratchy that he was a bit more talk about exactly exactly So I just wanted to bring it up because if you haven't heard it then that means other people haven't even exactly I read it several weeks ago and I thought it here in black and white Well, I hear I guarantee I'm not letting you to one of them drive me anywhere Have a great day. Thanks. Bye bye 5243 for go or 35th of bush nine for later eight for the cannon five for little downtown Harry Brown 9 minutes after 11 and 5 safety W to Q and court percentage of we got for need or four and a half percent so far for Native You see you people I'm gonna say it again You native people it's a free country at least so far you're entitled whatever you like But keep in mind that if we can turn and blame you on Wednesday morning This is only the beginning This could only be the beginning of many many many elections like this or a very small group of far left see I'm I thought I was about as liberal as you can get, but I'm not These people are on the fringe just just like the the far far right Christian event Gelecals are on the right wing fringe these people are on the diametrically opposed way on the left wing fringe You're not establishing any kind of a party that's gonna be a mainstream party or have any influence in this country not gonna happen And over the weekend like I said thank goodness the independent vote and the the independent liberals and the Native people are coming back to go and gross and that's gonna happen in the last 24 hours come back to their sons Even all what Thomas is her husband been doing too much wacky weed For something like that she said he's a little she said he's an asshole. Yeah 10 past a lot of the 5 60 W to Q and What the hell was that said again Jim were you fudge back in Unbelievable, anyways 150 that 5 60 W to Q a m 5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless lines Here's a mobile and for model deal. Hello. Yeah, sure More right wing disinformation What's about that woman what correct that more bush to kill some guys when she was 17 years old Man for her she was gonna do that put them on who do you rather have the issue for a lower-boy steward's WX Sanchez Lancer of installers or tent Kennedy or Dick Cheney yeah Many but anybody in this country you could drive any more. Oh God damn it That's it. I've had the fun of New Yorker from Galway Beach Yeah, the first world. He said it's a lot of BS The world you took her to Zazipo There's a reason why it's called the MSNBC Zazipo Zazipo was the most accurate poster in the 92 and 96 presidential election There's an interesting hard to answer then I hear Secondly he calls all day not just in the day Nine in the morning for nine at night and there's a reason why W was in Florida on storming the state yesterday because he's trailing He was in Jack and go with on each man and camp or a random his weather the bigger little brothers was on four out of the five top shows because He's trailing his brothers Jep Bush it's W loses Florida Zazipo is political career to suck and Also for the F and T balance There are 100,000 people have a fire and an absentee balance not 100,000 Republicans of a fly for balance And in a similar feeling don't confuse him in the defense man. Okay, and lastly in 1960 in 1968 and 1976 being a constant Search okay because of fires remorse over the challenge here and that's what's happening now We're seeing it in the Zazipo where it's now 46 47 We're seeing it in the Gallup home where it's 45 47 and the blaster coming home the liberal becoming home I don't think that one thing to the native supporters Bob later is not going to win this election Robinators not going to win one state Robinators not going to win one of let's go go one counting one crazy one district Robinator eight winning bucket, okay not winning bucket Okay, okay, come down that's our hysterical law for me Well listen he leaves who's whipped up and fired up and I stopped here for him, okay now if we can just get everybody else All those or far to your Jews the charges Thanks All the women out there who care about keeping government out of their eutorus 5 670 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T and rise and wireless one how's that real common tremendous response here 236 votes if you're voting tomorrow he'll be voting for Al Gore 164 a little under 70 percent George Governor your 45 19 percent Oh now the native rights they heard they weren't doing that great to another 13 five and a half percent you can't in eight and the Harry Fudge Brown six See these native people and it's kind of like oh, you know worst stop or an and we're gonna show you a finger to I knew God damn the public and Democrats What am I showing you how we can mess it all up? I Go ahead Go ahead because everything that you believe in is gonna go right in the toilet and you'll be a responsible for it Here's Hollywood hello, how you doing? That's right, but I forgot Patty Smith this grenade rums are yes, sir. Yeah, you're right. You're absolutely right I have four things I hope I can get a mole in okay number one. Oh is you're right about the native thing I think that there's a lot of people I know who like native including myself But if he messes this up he's gonna have a hell of a time trying to build a green party Which I support but it's gonna take a long term a long-term a long-come commitment to build such a party up if it's going to last and these people Me you're not gonna lie on the far left. There's no constituency for it Tiny minority party. What's it gonna happen? Right. Well, I'm saying even if so even for the sake of argument that it does There's still gonna need our support and after four years at W if they mess this thing up They're not gonna have our support. So I mean they should look at it that way. We need their support now I'll be glad to find anything for later after the election over right now We need their support second of all George W Bush The stuff that's coming out he's gonna make quite look like a choir boy Okay, but she's gonna mess up the economy people need to read the book you were talking about Paul the Galois book Right information and this is not a partisan issue This is a disaster this man does not have the experience to run this country and he's gonna mess it up Third of all you were talking about I hear you talk a kidding me both three or four times We can't do that but we can get people out to the polls Talk to somebody take somebody out there. Let's get into it and fourth of all I got three wives to the polls here numbers if you could if you could repeat these on your hair So everybody can get out there. Okay, and they tell me it's 305 354 2770 that's 305 354 2770 Brown County it's 954 9238488 9238488 Palm Beach is five six one 2794466 five six one 279 4466 there's no excuse not to go to the polls get out there let's show a Democratic turnout this guy George W's gonna mess up this country. We need to get out and vote Wow, okay, bye. Oh, thank you. Wow Okay, we're gonna. There's no judge wrote them down so we'll have him play and no excuse Even if you're on your hand your legs on your last legs Free ride. They'll slup you. They'll drag you there Here's a 5605 50 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless wine here's a mobile and Boko hello Mobile and Boko Sounds better to go down to me Here's four miles again hello Hey, they all you've done okay, hey, what if I you think of the better country to live to watch take your fact Did you bust out? Already have already here. Bye bye. Bye bye. Bye bye. There you go. There's always now that coming out and four miles Where we run nearly are almost getting those calls, but now they're all coming out together They finally left their sheep alone. They're living here. We're a little bit this morning Got to the phone. Hey guess what pal. I'm not going anywhere and you're one of those many people over there first of all You're listening voluntarily to this show which his son is his mate because you got nothing to do with us over here Thank God and number two you are those people that just dying between the noon and one o'clock or between noon and two Depending I would say the week to be with you said to screw up of this show You know what I'll do with yourself or your boyfriend 560560 come what a what up placement the Southwest court corridor whatever they call it For my Lee and Conor County God. See that's my luck And that's that's the beaded idea putting the onation white is the four miles and Naples wow Just like the time to run in Tampa remember those couple years Those were good That's my lucky Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello Yeah, yes, sir. You know stop I'm a girl They're funny here some sons that drive many years and pointy lives that here. I'm a good old faithful Republican who voted for a mission Ford Bush and I'm gonna have to say I go to for clinical last year election I'm out here with a couple of food to be in Democrat friends of mine We want to know if you've had any information on the ball well I'm not in such a Alps Stop it. Yeah, somebody you're just called a little while ago Can you get that information out of the air force? Well, you know, we she gave it on the year. No, go in here. We get it. I didn't know anybody wrote it down or somebody could call back later and And See if we could get it. Okay, seven night call back. Okay. Thank you What do you say five seven? You're gonna tell animated for a new you're getting some Crazy yeah, crazy. Oh, yeah, they're hostile. What about what do you think? That'll be red next corner. That's the station wall the clears and niggers call a lot to talk about there Yes, that's that conversation right. This is the one So it's obviously not your station. Okay find your own state in fact a lot of I think is the I'm pretty soon fat ass of be on there Spotnet same typical right wing boy crap Had a great facts about that about how when the bubble was there, you know, covered his pants down all of that stuff on and on about the tremendous hysteria in the outrage in the psychosis and Now that we turn it around it's like oh boy, he mums the word How purely political the solid and look at the timing and yaddi Addi Here's a mobile and time of time. Hello hello Neil. Yes, I think the wife's choice I agree with you is if you go with school I love around very much interested in the third party When you listen to Ralph Nader and I really believe a lot of what he points out is very accurate and He he seems if he has a lot of the points in mind that you discuss Oh, you mean like a guard eliminating the Senate and limiting the eliminating the military Well, I mean I would campaign reform have about the you know the far from you you're picking on the show I'm trying to share your picking and choosing and there is no question that there are a few of the things that he talks about that I agree with wholeheartedly makes a lot of sense But the fact is that when you look at the entire party is platform of the green party effect even he doesn't agree with the entire platform of the green party That's what makes it so ridiculous But then how do we get all the disaffected? I mean I think a third party can easily summon up It in maybe four years from now now now If we get the if they get the five now now Not a third party on the far left of the far right in Ralph Nader was the one who's gonna leave it It's gonna have to be somebody more moderate. Never gonna have it in this country Well, I mean if but do you think a third party can get 20% Well, the pro got 19% eight years ago, yeah, and he's a moron. So yeah If there were a third party that appealed more to the mainstream that was a real popular party sure So I like a dress event sure up well, maybe although you know you can't see what magic what they would do to him Mr. atheist just event sure he'd even done no seriously. He'd be done before he started You think I I don't think I know I know just as you remember to tell you we need to bring faith back We need to help those faith-based charities We need to put a lot more full-page ads in there Condemnive everybody in their brother and name of genius that's what it's all about you better get rid of Mr Connie says that just like those calls you talking about off the ear All those wonderful people I Much dope biggest smoke are you wrong vacation not enough 20 so sorry for a lot of the fine 60 WQ and probably not as much as George W Didn't do no cocaine Didn't get no big DUIs would be WI Didn't come up with this in Neil Roger show sport radio line 60 Hey, I gotta keep your Jackson straight here I saw all I'm In house today Like a corn quite Ludas I Isce my What will I say If there's one thing Woo spent her face What over It's so awesome that I am so glad to see something different. Let's see so much of a thing with the swaddle bombs with a lake swaddle bombs. Next thing we are going to be telling us that social security is some kind of federal program. God damn it. Let me turn it to the 560WQM here is a nice note card on the beautiful plant from Randy Maltagio and take a different thing. Thanks for adding. Thanks to the difference thing you guys are the best every year and ever for help. Always come true. I think we will just leave that one here. You take enough crap on all your power and you must have the beautiful roses. The pink roses. That wound up over your cost dollars, lady friend. No I mean. It was true. There were pink. You know who they were from though. Just told. No but you are getting close. I will be a clue. I am a fat. Yeah. Mr. Suckerman. That's right. He put your picture in the escrow. I don't want to tell you where he said. I don't want to tell you where he said you are tongue. Anyway, Roger, I am Roger. More Michael and more director of Roger and me team. He said he is right. And this goes back a month. But it is still good reading. He says as I write this there are two presidential debates left. I have a suggestion for Jim Ler. Don't ask George W. Bush any further questions about social security or prescription drugs or mandatory testing for student teachers. Just get up out of your moderator seat and take a copy of a book. Any book. Walk over the governor Bush handed to him and ask him to read. That's right. Just ask him to read from anywhere in the book. I have a hunch that he can't read. I know this is not where he is saying to say. I have no proof. It's just been an impression that's been sticking in my car for some time. I am elected to make this observation not only because it seems so cool, but also just the possibility of the source of surreal. And unlikely that no sane man would ever utter such a thing. But I was struck by something in life which debate. Bush never wrote down even a single word on the legal patent in front of him during the debate. I've never seen a debate or even a model of a Reagan refused to drop even one word down so he wouldn't forget to respond to it. Bush not writing anything because his mind is a steel trap or their enhanced memory storage and impeccable collating capabilities. I'm honestly bored. He can't read and write at an adult level. Back in the primary, he was asked what his favorite book was as a child he replied to very hungry caterpillar. As he turned out, that book was published until it was in his 20s. Everyone laughed at the time. From that point on, his response was, his favorite book is the Bible and his favorite hero is Jesus and his favorite philosophers Jesus and when I asked him what he was sure of, he replied, Jesus and the Bible. Christopher Hitchens, no friend of the Clinton Gordon administration reports in the nation this month that when Bush's AIDS would give him briefing papers to read, he would ask others to read them for him or just give him a verbal summary. Of course, a briefing paper is just that, a summary of brief, no one that seems to have Bush read them. GLC invented the fair rights that Bush has a learning disability that he's dyslexic. This is a serious and first reading hand, he kept face by millions of Americans, but it's not a skill of a letter. Lots of people I know are dyslexic and there are things they need to overcome. The Bush can't deny the charge and no one in the media followed up. The media in fact has stopped reporting how consistent, how often Bush mixes up his words and just says the wrong damn thing. At first of this cuten funding, an archie bunker shortaway, but it's not just the word sublimbable that he is a problem with the mangling of the language half of the virtual every speech I've heard the governor make. Even though every speech is scripted and he repeats it almost verbatim in friendly robot like tones that if he can't paint stuff, he can't help but lose himself and word Jesus opposed to say. It was no mistake that a one-point during the debate when he started on his robot path. He realized he wasn't answering the question when silent and then said, I forgot the question, looking like a law schoolboy. Now how can he wrong? I don't point this out with any glier kind of attention. I'm not exactly Mr. Intelligence here. Just read any of these columns or my internet letters and you'll find them chock full of miscolleagues in proper grammar and there's our syntax in spite of my best efforts to the editors or staff assistants who are simply overwhelmed and defeated by one assault on the King's English. But I'm not running for president of the United States. And I'm not attacking teachers for the ring-alousy job. And I'm not making for any promises that not one child should be left behind when an administrative Texas war-porquid go about healthcare than any other state in the country. I got to call as we come somewhat out of nowhere to Yale. I've heard of the person that secretly gone to the records facility and looked at the original transcript of the George W. Bush from 1968. Not only were grades all that we've heard about, fees and fees are not a single A, but it looked as if they were written on a file card over other grades and had been erased. Could there have been original grades that were worst in the ones he's admitted to? Uh-huh. I'm all for the dumb guys being one myself. I've got to tell you after the first year. I still don't know if a mount has one A and more two, but the leaders of the free world should at least be able to say to read or say explicit instead of excruciate as Bush didn't need to and September when he referred to the excruciate section violence in the movies. Though he was your better, Mr. Lair. Governor Bush hears a copy of Green Egg's in hand, placed in the page 12 and read for us. Can we sum it up by saying, ong. Five, 685 Chicken and intonuring of peopleom were calling you off the year, what do they have in common with him? They're dumb. yeah. Yeah. ida setters flocked together. I remember as a kid. The first time I've heard need any attention is I was older off I was 10 years old my 15, O'ahu, perspectivin' ten years old both two was my parents mother and dog's mother president. One advocate is I thought they were a prime minister. Now I was a warrior here all but almost illiterate he had a lot of interest in what was going on here there were just so many words just kind of like this guy that he couldn't put on. Land slide Eisenhower and then I remember in 1956 he went to the renegade against Eisenhower. No chance warrior here all he had a lot of interest in what was going on. He had Alan John Farsi dollars the secretary of state who is largely responsible for what's going on in the world at end of the Middle East. But we're not supposed to think about that about those mistakes. So never over last the media intelligence of the American people when picking their leaders because they like to pick somebody who better reflects their own intelligence or lack thereof. They gravitate toward dumb. As in what color is an orange on the reader show what colors and orange. That's why that shows so many like that they like the question because they can actually answer some of them. Like a hundred dollar question. Twenty two and here's the information ten o'clock on South Beach ocean drive between six and seven streets is the rally night outgrown city one to be there and who else did you say? Deborah Compton don't say that. Three tickets to democratic headquarters just call if you don't know while we're the democratic headquarters are by you and data barric just call information and that's for the democratic headquarters and a few new number and it's a matter of point of apparently it'll be going on all night and some of them all. Starting 10 o'clock tonight on on South Beach. Free grabs are here five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a AT and T and Verizon wireless line. Twenty two before eleven a few weeks. And the oh my queen. Girl. Tonight on top lock up the daggers and cream cheese and prepare for a wild ride and Fox presenter when you attack. Fonter by the committee to a like George W. Bush and by KFC. Where you can get the new GOP bucket the GOP bucket is all white meat right wings and only 29 95. When you go to nine on top. Don't forget to watch it and you're still in the seam of the clock when we come but you did it. No right. God damn it. Bye bye. 5 6 7 5 50 pump I was like we're gonna I'm not even gonna ask you know they just don't care. I'm not ever gonna get to that point where you just say you need a money and screw it. I got my my bishops putty in my hand right now and I'm squeezing it real hard and the putty too got my little finger on it. There's a lady mobile and time of fine. So. No. Yes man. I found me so my thumber. Thunder was the vanity say I'm surprised nobody said anything before about that I'd have to go to be based off commissioner and this is a government by committee when you're dealing with them people are voting for him. You know what I'm gonna do. And anybody would even a small brain should realize he's just a figure and he's a puppet. That's exactly right. That's you know I'm not that smart but you know what I'm trying to do. Certainly want them to be hot smarter than I am. Right. Well why why should anybody remember when the thing first came out about a year ago about his grades at year one about to see business which I've not least aligned now but and it was like people gravitated to that like oh yeah he's like one of us he's a not too great. If it's exactly you wanted to present. I don't think so. And in addition to which he said you know I I know our crystal is on a map and somebody shows me what is that. Hello yeah. I'm Sarah. Well I'm blessed you for the information here you're spouting out there because people need to make the decision and get out there and vote. Three or four times. Yeah three or four times. Okay. Okay. Plus you need to have a good day. Thank you. You know next thing they're gonna be telling the social security is a federal grant. 300 three hosts on it. Now let me just recommend very enthusiastic if you couldn't do a Friday or the weekend you go to our website and your modules.com not just about our pool but also take a look at that George W. boys doing your stars in where did this as in. And I showed it to George this morning. I'm not thinking crucially that he's drunk out of his mind and that film clip on there. But it sure is how it looks like to me and I'm also gonna tell you that the way he touched on the end of his drink there it's the pass end of the video. So be sure you watch the whole thing. People don't charge their ginger rail or their club soda. Believe me when I tell you. They don't even charge their diet, their RC cola. And then. And then be sure to look right under that under that video clip. The nation there's the Alfred Inuma picture of George W. George W. Bush Jr. skeleton closet. Click that on and do some reading. Do some real interesting reading. And then make up your own mind. I mean you can assume as you want that it's all BS or soft propaganda. Click up your own mind. But it's there for you. Here's cool game of solo. Oh, all people really getting hysterical today. Well, it's in. Well, it's in. Well, it's been building us up to this for months or months as well. I'm worried about losing their public housing and vouchers for new cars. Yeah, I'm fair. I'm not going to go for it. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we're not going to job. We're going to call you. Okay. Great. Well, I don't think it'd be a job of city calling me. What are you doing asshole? Why don't they get a job? It's that a call on me. And here's a talk about the hot conical network welfare, which the welfare rules are reduced 44% in the last eight years under Clinton and Gore asshole. But everybody of course who is for those against Bush is on welfare rules. They'll have to depend on those faith-based charities. Yeah. Hold your breath. Same old crap. Same anti-human asshole. All they care about is their fetus. They don't care about you. People are living or maybe down in that. You go a little bit of health. All they care about is the fetus and those fetus killers. And I mean, you know, and while those people were executed in Texas, just take a look at that great record. How crime has come down there. That's because they're killing everybody. Even if your lawyer sleeps to the trial, no problem. Come here. Let's give you a little shot. I'll say it again. Just keep it in mind when you're devoting tomorrow. If you love the National Rifle Association. If you love the big pharmaceutical companies that are raping the public attack, you know something? I'm going to read all again. I'm going to read that article again. And if you love the tobacco companies like Philip Morris, which is the number I'm contributing to the Bush campaign, then by all means for for W. Because that's what it's all about. Just like the Gore saying out in his speeches about how, yeah, he's going to get along with people in Washington. And who are the people he's going to get along with? I just keep it a short list. Here's that article again from Newsweek last week, the date October 30th. Bush is pal, the drug lobbyist. A Texas insider and his links to a hot button political issue by Michael Isakov. To demonstrate his bipartisan ways of language to Bay George W. Bush introduced the nation to Hugh Greberlanger, a democratic friend of the audience. He's the chairman of the health committee said, Bush, he came here for a reason to tell our record on health and Texas. Some viewers have asked him, we're surprised to hear that. We're a language of one's good share of the House Public Health Committee, but he left the legislature more than three years ago. Now he's a lobbyist representing corporate and healthcare interest before the panel he wants to share. The revolving bill, courier of Berlin, is hardly unique to the Texas State House. Our voice advisors include Tom Downey and ex-Congressants, lobbies for finance like Microsoft. But Berlin is emerging as a Bush folks on on healthcare, touches him on the campaign's hot button issues. The debate over how to reduce the price of the older Americans pay for prescription drugs. While he was still a Texas lawmaker, Berlin was well known for defending one brand named drug in particular, committed, a blood penalty used by two million people, mostly heart patients and the other way to prevent blood clots. The drug was a look with a profit maker for two big drug companies, DuPont pharmaceuticals and Merck, which manufactured cumulet as part of a joint venture. But in 1997, the FDA approved the generic alternative, Wharfering, which showed for half as much. DuPont quickly launched the campaign in state capitals to stifle Wharfering sales. And Texas Berlinger with Bush's support successfully led the effort. Austin lobbyists say he threatened the killer bills of colleagues who failed his supporters' measure, which would have required pharmacists to double bevel check with doctors before dispensing Wharfering. Consumer group threw outrage. In my mind, this was an intent to protect the market share of our company to issue the whole work-wide executive director, Texas citizen action of one company. The Langea insists that his stand was philosophical. He thinks brand name drugs are safer than generic. That philosophy paid off immediately after the 1997 legislative session, the Langea set up shock as a lobbyist. One of his first clients, DuPont pharmaceuticals, which paid about 100 grand to block efforts to overturn his committed bill. In the end, a Texas State pharmacy board effectively neutralized Berlinger's measure and made Wharfering available in the state, but that hasn't hurt Berlinger's lobbying career as firm as become a mecca for state contract user hospital change. He never pushes his clients' business with the governor, he insists all the way acknowledges that I have great entry to Bush by mere nature of the fact that we're very good friends. He also has one of the nicknames that Bush b's those on his favorite pal, Berlinger is Mr. Chairman. There you go. So like I said, if you love the big pharmaceutical companies that are raping you and the elderly, all of us at all ages, then by all means you know you're mandomorrow. Man, you know, we must have an awful lot of rich redneck stuff there, you know? Let's do it. They must be doing fantastic. Most of them are just waiting for those at the tax cuts. Here's for a lot of their home. Hey, how are you doing? Okay. I've got a couple things for you. One of them is I heard the book on if our children are learning. Yes, sir. And that book lists for $12. Or do you have your height? I got to pray $12. Right. I think so. There you go. What more can you want? What more can you want? On a great second thing is, is that the I couldn't believe it after you were talking about Bush. You know what the ad was on right after that? Bush beer. How you like that? And third thing is, these people over and forth wires, I think they affect the animal health really on cheap and goat. Okay. Have a great day. What do you say? Legalmen could be gross secret weapon George W. said to win eight. I got to see what their Jewish stuff is all about. So, while they went to a kosher restaurant, the first course was set in front of them, Matsubasu. George W. was hesitant to taste this strange looking brew. Generally, they said, just have a taste if you don't like it, you don't have to finish it. George W. Dougian, including up a piece of a Matsubal with some soup, tasting it gingerly at first, but quickly finishing the entire bowl. Boo. That was delicious George W. said. Can you read any other part of the Matsubal that you see the balls? Nice going whoever sent me that. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Here's Naples. Hello. Yeah, I'm Neil. How you doing? Okay. Listen, I'm sorry that this call comes from the West. Yeah, I know. And we're sorry too. Give it a less chronic, give it a less same old-type crap. Hey, after day after day, I'm so sorry. I think we ought to take out that slime. That's the HNF says then, and don't think that they wouldn't jump at it. I said I'm thinking about it. Maybe you think it lines first will pick that line up. It's just the waste of money. It's nothing to be on there over there, but the number of really rational calls from seeing people that we get from any world that in the West Coast. You can decide you're a friend. You have a lot of room left over. Believe me. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. Hi. I'm Neil. Where are you? Okay. Listen, Neil. I was looking at a kick dance weekend, and Ralph's made a whistle. I'm so sorry. And he's feeling with Democrats. Oh, he's actually in terms of what Republicans are in party because he ran an ass. They ran an ass where it was sponsored by the Republican Party in the man. Yeah, they're using his quotes, and he doesn't. He said he's not happy about it, but there's nothing to do about it, right? Yeah, right. Okay. I just wanted to put that out. What people know was happening here. Okay. Well, I better think long and hard tomorrow before they get to the point. I think it's really become the problem because if they waste their vote on nature, it winds up being real close and getting to win Florida or Michigan or Pennsylvania because of that. They're the ones that are going to stick us over in the right wing for next four probably eight years. You're absolutely right. It's really scary that that George Bush made. You know, become the president. And they are in the article. And the article that I just read again from Newsweek, their Michael Luzikov, an article about the pharmaceutical companies and about consumerism again. Here you go. That's supposedly when they do his number one issue. Consumerism. The word hypocrite comes to mind and all of this. Two big words, ego and hypocrite. That's what comes to mind when I think about later. One away ego. Five, six. And you know, I don't think it should be with a lot of those people say, why, you know, two parties just in this corrupt and this a bad truth. You know, something that's true. But takes him time to work up a meaningful third party. I mean, even the people's party even lost for all with all his double-talk about rolling up your sleeves and all that's okay. Even he had a bottle of peel, then this goofball. Marginal third parties are meaningless. They're wasted time, especially with a way way off on the extreme work. Here's plantation. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? I'm fine. I'm thinking of how meaningless. You know, native fighters for 12 million bucks from the government, you know, from that thing. The insurance industry alone has some December, K Bush and his cronies. You are in C, a hundred and seventy five million dollars. Yeah. Just in this election. But just one industry. So I don't know how these major people think, you know, big deal. As they see, Republican Party gives up 12 million dollars like toothpicks. And makes no difference. 12 million dollars is nothing. Not enough to mention the millions of the NRA, your contributed just once, not the loan of the Bush campaign. Millions and millions and millions. And the other thing is the Bush Bank thing that I came on the other day and said, how honorable and health that crackable Bush's performance was in dealing with the DUI issue. He said he was the most honorable thing he's ever seen. It's what he's here to his eyes. He said, as opposed to, you know, obviously he lied about the fact that he had a conviction and he never told about it. And he called a reporter in 1998 that he had no conviction. I mean, that is disclafing in any court of law. It's a dirt so hot on Clinton saying you lied. And you know, you lied on the road. Well, I'm sure the application is out there that he still doubt he said that he did not have conviction. Exponement does not take away the fact that he was convicted and the fact. And I should like to find out sometime the next 12 hours. Some of the rest of that stuff that he says that he was going to talk about. Yeah, he's just, it's scary. Have a great day, talk about it like yours. One fifty six and five six to two. And I was just looking all over to see where my coffee for pizza was. Not that I should need it because I've been doing this possible on time. Jeff Collins immediately answered the squalling. He bought, uh, Oh, a pan of garlic. Yeah, he was calling all over the floor as usual. And he would believe somebody I read is crappy with saying, I didn't say sh**. They are really kind of life in this miserable f**k ass. But he will not just show and he's still on. I'm too well. Someone who you can hear. I'm going to go be in a day. It's nightingly in the night. He will say it's fine. He can be in a day. He picked upuem Free benefits. So yeah the everything you want to Mon shoots, you want the tea. We'll know... And one savings... Two people, and he walked, just, and all of a sudden... He wants to wipe off TV killers... I can just nationalism So that he can't give me a TV show. To theaba 2011 lib two more five texted deputy. He is something that's often pressed after years and maybe some other body party From yesterday's London Sunday Times. Bush can't run for president if he committed federal felony concerning altering military records illegally says the Sunday Times. A former senior commanding officer in the International Guard has come forward to alleged that the Bush campaign actually claimed the Texas International Guard records in order to make them conform to the official Bush biography that was being written at the time of the cleansing. He also led us at records which were normally released under an FOIA request for a service man's public record were mentioned from the FOIA release and asserts that those could clear up the questions about Bush's military career. The critical question to me, Steel is if GW really completed his assigned six year commitment then why was it surrogate, Dan Bartler, the senior National Guard officer of Texas not provided his pay files and complete retirement points listing which are the only two documents which officially provided the 11th and the question to prove it and clear the issue from the campaign. And this goes on for two pages. I'm not going to read the whole thing but it's pretty damn interesting. There's testimony followers, Dan Bartler. As the state plans officer for the Texas National Guard I was on full-time duty at Camp Maybrick when this is okay. When Dan Maybrick was pending the George W. Bush file prior to GW Bush's presidential announcement. From other soldiers at Camp Maybrick this was a generally known event. The archives were closely scrutinized to make sure that the Bush autobiography of plans and the record did not directly contradict each other. In essence it was descriptive the autobiography which Dan Bartler and the small team used to scrub a file to be released. The effort further involved, General Daniel James and Chief of Staff William W. Goodman at Camp Maybrick. I knew one person who worked with the record scrub who commented to me while at the smoke area that the Bush files really showed some problems with his blue blood service record. If GW anybody else can come forward to prove the case that GW was not a wall then that's great for them and for the Bush candidacy. I furnished Mr. it's blanked out. The name of a person in Dallas who is the campaign supervisor for Young George W. during the Alabama Senate campaign. That person told me without batting an eye that GW was partying, not working on the campaign and in fact had better, beautifully on wife of an up and coming author later to publish the book Forest Gump for whom he was writing a garage apartment. Come home. Further said that George W. was either sober nor dependable throughout the entire campaign. She indicated that George W. was asked about his drive requirements and when he was going to drill he did not provide feedback of any kind or he might have been drilling something. Yes, the critical question to me is if GW really completed his assigned six year commitment and why has his civic at Dan Butler or senior National Guard officers of Texas not provided those pay files and his complete retirement points list and it goes on and on in great detail. I'll say it again that would be a felony but again we got another Teflon candidate leave a degree of public in the baby they know how to do it Teflon candidate. And all those kind of slides on. He needs right there with those three states but he needs 65 so take me to elsewhere. Okay well don't just count Iowa. I mean and yeah okay how they doing the electrical shuffle on there. She I've got that figured out already. Assuming that they know what they're talking about right now. Now I got push with 224 electros to act up and go with 185. Which means that Bush could win New Mexico 10th of C. Arkansas West Virginia in Wisconsin and still come up short that would give him 262. Gourge who has 185 they did he five more which means he would need Florida. Pennsylvania, Michigan, Iowa, Washington, Oregon. A car order but possible. If if Gore loses either Florida Pennsylvania or Michigan I think. Sanito. Here's cross-playing, you tell him cross-playing. Oh yes sir. Listen Neil I'm glad to know the people who have had a very time of the day to not a Bush or Gore tell to stay home. But the people who are voting for later or putty brown the best thing is to tell them it's the Supreme Court stupid. We could survive four years of Bush but we can't survive 20 years of as a Supreme Court with Kelly and so on. 40 years. Everything. And you know those data people everything they want to Supreme. Whenever we ever have a native presence that's a bit. They'll have everything to be a dear for them. We'll be already the side of the Supreme Court. That's absolutely right. The entire government education has to be taken care. So don't waste your vote because even if you ever get the presidency you will not be able to change anything that the Supreme Court will take care. Amen. Mossad. Thanks. Thank you. To have it 79 votes on our poll so far if you're voting tomorrow for whom are you voting? Al Gore 264 or 70 percent. George W 77 percent. So I'm going to be a higher than 12 to 21 percent. And Pat, you can't. You know I'm going to be a can of you. I'm 22 percent. I'll see that's our audience of course you're expecting to be having a big lead. And of course a lot of the Bush people have gone by by. They're very upset. They hate us like boys and now. So who bad? See you some day or not. Here's Oiding Howlandale. Hello. Hi. Yes man. I mean the pressure of the NAF. The ex-season for the beginning of the year. I saw it. Did they do? Yes. But I haven't seen something in the Senate. Well what is it? The back world. The fact that he said no money should be sent to Israel because he's against that because the Reptiles, Sineen, ground and the Palestinians are fighting with them. Well don't forget he's one of his mother's brothers. There's not a father's mother's mother's name. How are you feeling the fighting with rock and honey? Well let me say again the talk to George about that. I don't care. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. No George is going to be on for several weeks talking about the obnoxious Israelis and how all of this may be. 9 minutes past 0, 5, 60 that originated the way around was the Palestinians or they also know the last level. Okay. Well maybe it's a sub-tion that's rock and more than Russia matters, especially the President. Well I like that. How did you ever end the little old West up with the President? That kind of one of this Florida 49 or this is Brandon 49 for Gore 46 for Bush for later. That's brand new. Is that brand new or not? Let me take a look at the, no it's old. Well it's just from yesterday. It's the latest we got from MSNBC slash Zagb slash Worlder slash or a slash this. Like, OJ would say slash this. I want to bang you in the butt. On the next cops, Eminem shows how bad a white suburban gangster rapper can be. It were approaching the suspect apparently he wasn't happy with his order and he's backing up the entire drive through line. Yeah, what the fuck you call this and happy me or you fuck it. He's fine. The cold G was the fuck the heck of a pickle doing on me. One, just Eminem gets arrested. They'll vandalizing McDonald's playgrounds on all that and more on the next. Scott tonight on Fox. Couple 13 to five 60 WKM. Here's another one. They classic G W Bush quotes. He says, and this coming in just a day before election day. A low voter turnout is an indication of fewer people going to the polls. All right, not fair for doubt. Okay, somebody read that to him. You can go to a bushwatch.com on your computer there. That's the website and go to bushwatch.com and get all that business about the accounting of Bush's military records and all that stuff about the D.W. I and all other good stuff. Bushwatch.com. And of course the mainstream media as usual doing a real crappy job. And just like glossing over the thing about to be put from the Dallas Morning News. Tragic. She said if they were running on the A moral platform, then you'd say, all right, at least they're consistent. But their running is the goodly two shoes people. We've had all eight years of ours. Well, what the hell did the William Better Call the other name? Well, it was parole. parole called the animal house, but eight years of animal house. So if he's supposed to be the morality candidate, how the hell can that be? Just don't get it. Yeah, but Bennett was on there yesterday going to see guy. She got like that over and over again. And of course, you know, who's good friend always was until it became a candidate for vice president, he'll leave him. There's a good match for him. See, no matter how the election comes out tomorrow, especially if Bush wins a real close race, which it could be, or could be, who knows, hosties haven't got any idea. They're scared, she met us. That they could be very, very wrong. And it could be. But there's that silent anti-Semitic vote out there, the Jewelry women's factors and leave it to the Democratic party, don't even know how to do it. Because I guarantee that the overwhelming majority of Jews were going to come out and vote for Goor would have voted almost no matter who the vice president is candidate would have been. Could have been Dick Kebhol did a commotion dick. And allow it. But no, we had to go see that didn't learn from, you know, Jewelry, Jirleding for role. Not that Monday, I'll had much of a chance in 84 against Teflon one, but the fact is, if he had any chance, she'd see a loose faith. That was the need though. That was the end. See, if a little put a candidate of a ballot who's got mafia connections in the family somewhere, put somebody on it, who's a great candidate like Mario Cuomo is a public wouldn't care about. Not Jirleding, Fickin for our. Never that deal where there has been with his mod connections. And then I guess the public decided we didn't need another volume. That's the problem that was carried out to the volatility. And the other name thing. I'm in coherent. Here's Pompino. Hello. Hey, happy birthday. Thank you. I ran into our outpost. Seeing you as being company, saying it doesn't pay on me. Yeah. Just two things real quick. I was at the Barley County Library of the day and there was a young girl there that was working on one of the computers. She has a white t-shirt on. I happen to walk by or says I'm a back of her t-shirt in big blue letters. It's a white shirt. George W. Bush and the W is larger and it's in red. Underneath the jewelry. The story. It says the W stands for women. I thought to myself that this girl was just so absolutely an inform. She had to be like 28 30 years old. I mean, how people can do it? Maybe she's a fetus out there. I just don't get all this. I don't get any nowadays in this era. It's not really voting for it. It's where you're voting again. And the wealth native people, they're taking full voting against Bush too. But we're going on the rest. We got totally different countries. It's just for everything up. I'm not a poor fan, but I just cannot see Bush any in there. That's what we were regular. I can't even see the idea that we're the baby for the election. And that he did get even or slightly ahead. It's so impossible to me that it just, it defies the description. I give the example of students in the eyes now. But at least Eisenhower was a famous religion. He was a national hero. What is this guy? What does his claim to fame? Now, it's absolutely ridiculous. One and a half terms is a figurehead governor in a state where the governor has less powers than any other state in America. What was the old connection and Kennedy where I moved to the base and all that? Was it as close then as this is now? Yeah. He was saying the Kennedy came out in like the last three days and said, like, I don't know, seven o'clock in the morning. The following days when they finally announced the letter. In fact, they showed an old kinoscope of hardly and briefly announcing seven o'clock the next morning. It took to the end to come up with a winner. And they gave wrong information. They said the Kennedy won California, which later on he won a blues and he still won the election. Wow. Okay, listen, that's it. Let's just pray for the best in the all. I saw Georgia's picture in America. Because he's always working. You do it. Okay, I have everything. See, that's your friend, Alan, giving you a lot of publicity. With a brown tongue. Sorry, I was eating. I know. Subder. Yeah. I'm coming. Five, six, seven, five, six, the order. That's a head roll thing. I'm sure that's a head roll thing. It was shaped like a discati. Yeah. Really? Here's a mobile and cake cool, huh? Yeah. Yes, sir. Oh, no, please don't go around here. Oh, well, because we need you all here. I can't take it. Oh, well, of course, it calls I get from over there, and even there's shoot with the turn that crap off. I'm sorry, in 2004, I'm right in New Rogers for president. Yeah. You've got to get up there. I need somebody with half a brain in there. We've got Blakey Neil keep it up. I love you, show you the best. I wish we had the female one, but we're all going back to you or that we're not staying here anymore. Okay, that's all up there. I'm even at you. Bye-bye, I'll do it. Let's see, here's something else. The odds of facts is they're just pouring in here. Why would any woman vote for George W. Bush? By Jean-Prock executive director of Women Leaders Online? Any woman who thinks she might give George W. to the benefit of the doubt and vote for a so-called compassionate conservatism, should consider how much compassion he showed Mary Lou Beats. Most people have never heard of Beats. She was a hearing impaired, learning disabled, brain damage, great friend, other who's better child, who's been sexually abused by her father. She lived in poverty and violence, moving from one abusive home, one abusive man to another. After years of physical and sexual abuse, it no help from law enforcement. She killed her husband. Beats was convicted and entrial that was handled so badly by an attorney who sold media rights to restore a for his fee that a federal vitric court judge ordered new trial. The state of Texas, however, convinced the appeals court to reinstate both a conviction and a death sentence. Which brings us to Governor Bush, Texas law permits a crime and see on the basis of certain circumstances, among the maherstery of the defendant being battered by the victim. But, currency is not in Bush's vocabulary, so in order to state of Texas to finish the job, that Betty Lou Beats' father started years before. If that doesn't give you pause, maybe you should consider his promise to do for the US what he's done for Texas. Dead lives in state government spending per capita, 49th instead of pro-periorations for the arts, 46th in maximum monthly welfare payments for media families regardless of size, 45th in percentage population graduating from high school, ninth in percent of children living in poverty, Swift and toxic chemicals released in the year, and second in prison incarceration rate. Thanks to Bush's compassion, Texas gives many underdeveloped nations to run for their money. Texas has among the highest rates of aid to burculosis and teenage pregnancy emanation and escaping the bottom on immunizations. A huge percentage of Texas families have no health insurance and a state of scale that reached out to thousands of children who could be enrolled or Medicaid. Women in Texas are also slipping behind economically. Texas women make 75.2% of what loan start men make. Only 17.5% of women have four or more years of college, nearly one in four Texas women live in poverty and a state ranked 50th in economic economy for women. But this election isn't just about numbers, it's about issues and attitudes. The undies who's your abortion poses most pro-limin policies from childcare to pay equity to abortion rights and who would implement policies and appoint judges and caterpillars officers who would work to move women back to the battle days of no choices, no chances. Perhaps most pernicious though is Bush's attitude toward women. And who's subsequently partied by a liberty in Bush's government in two worlds Madonna, Lauren Barbara Bush for example, or her feminists for example. And although it claims to have had an epiphany at the age of 40 when he stopped drinking, found God and reformed himself, there was clear evidence that it continues in this worldview. At the 1988 Republican convention two years after Bush's supposed conversion, W. was talking to David Sanker, the Hartford Colon. When you're not talking politics, think asked the vice president son, what do you and your father talk about? Pussy, we're proud to man who not wants to be the trust of motor lives and futures and make him the next president of the United States. Finally, there are two words that should guarantee that no woman other than the Mexican with both her George W. Bush, parents, Thomas. That's who W. Hernandez is most admired Supreme Court justice. And if Schreu makes it to the White House, he could wind up appointing for a more. Pussy, that's what I'm talking about, your rose. 560, 560, 560 on the AP and P in Verizon, when I was watching the famous little bit of a sudden we had their last week. When we found out that George really like a closet little girl, Joe Rose. But he's so big, it climbs a little girl. Trust me, ask Pat. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, you're the one, man. OK. Hey, so people would even realize, if you imagine anybody else trying to get a job with an eight-year gap in your resume. No, I'm not really. 10 years, 10 years in which, look at George's first. Nobody knows where he was at. What he did, what did he did for money? He had no impact on his father's company. But since eight years of his life, it's holding jobs. And that's where we're going to let him out. Good thing they handed over to the Texas Ranger baseball club, wasn't it? That's his insane. And let me ask you one more thing, Bill. Do you think, Gordon, go over to that any better with the female running major with stuff? Well, no, no. He would've done better with a moderate, grayish candidate, not some Orthodox Jewish students. Wow. I mean, all right, ladies and gentlemen. OK, see you. And I'll say it again if there were help in picking a Jew, how about Carl Levin from Michigan? First of all, Carl Levin wouldn't have to give up the seat in the Senate like, Levin is going to wind up costing them if they win. If that should happen. And number two, Carl Levin is a brilliant man. Levin has to come from a state. Michigan has to have 18 or less to a vote unlike Connecticut, which Democrats already have win every time anyway. So Levin brings nothing to the table. He is an absolute veteran at a liability. And don't give me the son of that to about how he's going to bring out that gigantic Jewish vote. They every single one of what I voted for, go anyway. The one who are going to vote for him now, except the cross for those handful of Jews for a fashion. Yeah, we got some of those. We got Blacks for racism and Jews for fashion. And women for sexism. And facts for homophobia. See, that's the one great thing about America. We have a lot of people who are massacres. They love it. They love it. They love going up. They can't run fast enough to vote for somebody who likes to put them in a goddamn oven. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. Hello. Yes? Yes. I got a message. I'm going to vote for a group. But I got to think here. Some CNN from July 13, 1999. It says that we publicly and president hopeful Jewish portion is why we stole the Dallas home in 1995, for a restricted cover that it would only be sold to white residents. And this is from CNN from July 13, 1999, that a man is a picket. There you go. I'll see you. We'll be proud. Thank you. 560, 560, 560, 560. All right, well, you know what he says. He'd like to meet one up close sometime, not too close. Maybe get a what what? 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Give me that's why 91% of the Dark folks out there are probably more than that. I'm going to vote for our door. I'm going to come out in big, gigantic numbers tomorrow and just tilt this whole goddamn, wasp establishment of the GOP. That's what they're going to do. There's big and a hateful sexist, homophobic, racist guy, then GOP. The trend lot in Jesse Helm's squad and Tom Delay and all these other end of course, don't forget our good Bill McCollum down here right here in Florida. Don't forget to vote for Bill Nelson 510 times tomorrow too. Because how do you do the hateful or anybody? 2650, no one would say, I've just said you're going to kill him. And when you think that somebody like a Bill McCollum who was so rabid, didn't even be impeachment of the penis case, when you thought that at least somebody like him would have had some more indignation about Bush and the DWI. Not just the fact that it happened, but the fact that it was covered up. The fact that then the light of the reporter from the Dallas Morning News about his arrest and so on, none. Zero, Zippity Dundal. This award-hippocrite comes tomorrow. Neil, God, one, two, three. I made the June college an average just to see, I have a lot of money. But not much of a frame. Like most of you voters, you were just late. But I can say one thing that you can't. My daddy is the next president staying. I got money. Power is love the blue. I can do everything that you. A little bit of cash is all I need. Is that a five-month ego and my greed. An insulated market means all I use. A garden of oats for more rawness. Just like you, losers. And this is a kind of school and they put me a laugh. I don't think I laugh at that. I have a good food for members of both for George Bush. And those of you who don't, you can't hear my food. You see what matters to me about the presidency. Is that a makes and that conversation? It's the, on the King's part, denial too. I have no problem, lies with you. So why is it so important for you to know whether or not I did know a little bit of cocaine, a man knows a little bit of juice, a little blow. When I'm a naked out bloated in the wild ass, when I put up the sounds in the street and... This is a little bit bad. It's a little bit bad. Oh, that's fine. Yeah, it's a company to a five-60 QAM. This just facts in. It says the truth will come out with the letter and not Republicans. Then you'll be confronted with a challenge. The challenge is this. Can you hold your head up and claim the high moral ground of character and integrity all the way to your championing and voting for a man who has neither? The details are rapidly becoming known. Here's something for all you hypocritical pro-lifeers. Desk with measure, George W. Bush and abortion. Apparently the story of the source of this story was due to the public this week by a publisher who was trying to make a tabloid sale and change to a mine. Like George W. Bush's intervention in the Senate and the serial killer Henry Lee Lucas, lived in the story that was circulating in the press packs, but that few people want to touch at the 11th power of the 2000 US presidential election. In the winter of 1971, George W. Bush was dating a woman named Robin Loman, now Robin Garner. Mr. Loman became pregnant by the Phil Riles George W. and he arranged for her to have an abortion which had a great state of Texas in 1971 was very illegal. Not to mention that George W. is running as a pro-life candidate for the presidency. The unnamed source of this story was a friend of Robin Loman to the girlfriend of the man who arranged the abortion his name is Robert Carl Chandler. Mr. Chandler is a Bush friend and supporter from way back and made the arrangements from his Loman's abortion at the 12th hospital in Houston, Texas, now the Bayou City Medical Center. The source of this story overheard the telephone call by Mr. Chandler to arrange the abortion and she visited Robin Loman at the 12th hospital after the procedure. The source named while was afraid of coming forward saying that she was threatened by Mr. Robert Chandler and by another Bush friend and supporter named Jim Bath. Mr. Jim Bath has long-standing intelligence connections and played a role in the BCCI scandal, Robin Loman now Garner's married to Jerry Lee Garner who is an FBI agent. So that's the story and illegal back room abortion arranged by the Republican Party President of candidates who is running at a pro-life ticket. So by their criteria he's a murderer. Right. That's right. And I'll say it again 1971 abortion was a little over this country that two years before will be weighed which makes it a very serious felony. So we got the felony, the alleged felony of the covering of the military records. And we got through this, this all makes the DWI look like child play. So we'd have to agree on that. Pretty minor stuff compared to the rest of the good stuff he was doing during those lost years when he was like selling his wild oats to Lee was 40 before he found Jesus. Five cents. We got 444 votes already. That's bad. If you're voting tomorrow for who are you voting? Algor 3.0659%. Now I didn't make up that number. George W 9521.3%. Ralph Nader 2249%. Harry Fudge Brown 12.7%. And Patrick Cannon is still stuck there on. Yeah. 2%. For pro-pant. Okay, here's a call from Moe Western. Hello. Good afternoon. Yes sir. I'm coming down the university heading into 595, coming from South and on Saturday. And I've already had a few too many bad chicken wings you know. And I see what looked to be two homeless people because the way they are dressed was just so ridiculous that I thought oh my god. They're going to come over and wash my window. Well, in behold before it didn't see it, they were holding those placard signs you know. And they had the of course a nice percussion and pretty one that's said Bush in training. But the lady who was wearing a faded paint t-shirt which was stained in way too small for her gut. It said underneath her is in a handwritten one. Hunk for Bush. People would dive in under the dashboard just connecting to horns you know just to the cross the street to buy who's a smart me. She was he had just what he said. Hunk for Nick. Hunk for Nick. If you know so they have now I'm wondering was this a public idea of like an an attempted humor or a. Hunk for Nick and Hunk for Bush. I think a lot of honkeys out there a little bit. Yeah, I was a guy that's quiet and cornered. I've never seen a bad guy in my life. On the one. I think everybody's forgetting. They've had a better or a play that perpetrated. She can't get in with Rajano. All these things that people are talking about with regard to the you know personally morally responsible guard. It's okay. It's like a Jeffrey Dahmer when it had him you know became a Republican and then accepted religion and a apologized and public. That's right. Who would be here? He would be trotted out there. Oh I surely that's the big thing where the evangelical Christians is the fall on sinner once he comes back and he pants boy he's better than anybody. He's better than he is even better than a more we upstanding. Fairly morally abstaining responsible a dog who may be a little boring. But the same token you know has generally read a fairly clemen and you know personally responsible life. Yeah and you're forgetting about the most important fact that over the weekend the great warfamous Getsky Billy Graham and Doris Kavanaugh boy. Charlie body from Texas. Yeah, I'm sorry but now he's working on it. All right, he's been all wrong. He's been all this pool. He's a whole lot of time to go to God. I can't remember that. I think it was Amel Roberts. Good. He's got a call in home or what it's just it's just amazing but it and it's the the standard of this Republican incident they can hammer built Clinton for being a state like you say all the time for the personally more we go responsible decision he made. But apparently because he now I'm performing. He's not going to understand the Teflon man again. They're there I guess they scripted the op-ron because he don't need any more. It's not going to help him. They scripted the Teflon op-roning and another slide that I'm W. Well I just say we both 100 times each. Okay, that looks wish tomorrow. Okay. Okay. 560, 560, 560, 560 on EHS. What all zero I'll make in America to be thinking about is looking wish tomorrow on Election Day. Let's correct. That should be a poster everywhere. Big door boards, big signs, part picture news paper. Let's look push. Here's a lady in Daniel. Hello. Hey, man, this is Jack. I just sent you the fact. Thank you. Thank you so much. Amazing. It shouldn't be. The fact that this one actually has the names of the people. I think the first time I've seen this, this has a search site to back get to me. Right. What can we do about it? I mean 12 hours before the election and it's none of the murderers. I don't know. I mean, you know, the main scene is you just terrified like it says. I mean, here I don't, I just don't think that they're going to touch it. But they've actually got names and people and they, what? I mean, what can we do? And which people are using the luckiest? Your part guy's so spectacular. The intimidation factor again is woman was she's afraid to come forward because she's been threatened by at least two or three people. So they made an offer she couldn't refuse. But one of them is asking, I'll try to see selected. And of course not. It's unbelievable. And look what they did to their crimes. I'm believing. Well, I saw them all reason. They both four or five years. I'm not trying to find some more on you. Okay, so you are actually a bi. Thanks. You're the thing that we just pressed the thing. This, uh, press a key. You've just seen a reset. Or not. Oh, I have to go alert it. Oh. But you said while we're re booting the telephone here and worrying about whether they're going to ever get to your phone fixed. What are you going to do? Just this morning? What's that? This is something moving exciting. The line five things can go on for like before we run on vacation. But two and a half of these used to be six to move it up to five and we're just sitting here waiting. Waiting for the day when they decide to get a regular air send gear and do something. Are they going to do something? No, probably not because that's the usually effin' way. Don't buy that easily stocked George because if you do, I'm telling. Twenty-one before one at QAM. This is five six feet, UAM. Who's the Neil Roger Show? Four three to five six feet. Two, a half. You're so it can't keep a packer in his hand. Whether mum is in your middle and motion. And I always knew I hated you. I just didn't want to say it. But a moment's been your feeling with this. Under the weather. I'm with the weather. It's good. And those moments when you're just in your hands. And why did you take out two teeth and two teeth? Because you're having an affair at five. For the shrimp and moments in my tiny extra tank camping. It's time to move it. Ten minutes and a little bit by me. So shut up already and make your shrimp and moment check the line. So let's get it to work. That's not going to happen again. Six eighty four water five six is WQM. I'm trying to think who the people are that are Bolton Bush. You got your red mix. You got your right wing and anything with an R. Right wing is right ring on refugees. Yeah right wing refugees. Racists. That next I just said that arms are. And with people that's also within our. Rich answers. Selfish for a chance. Was my good friend a lot of talking to him. We're still keeps coming around. Why won't they be like us? So it's a lot. Yeah. Use for fashion. Here's my car. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neil. Two points regarding that you're. Bush. One is. The man is an incredible hypocrite as well as a slew. Tag and the perfect point of that was race against. Charm McCain in New York. Keep in mind that the New York race with a pivotal race. Whoever won that race for the Republican. Canada see what have really. Catapulted them towards the next primary. And yet he used that. Rescancer. Ed in the New York primary is the smear McCain which was a total. This represents. Right. As you know, McCain has a relative who has press cancer. Right. It was thoroughly discredited after the race. George Bush never. This is associated himself from it or condemned that. And that really helped him. You know, catapult into the. Uh, into the. Well, yes today on one of the talking head shows they had Bob Kerry and John McCain won together. And McCain was sitting there. You know, the bandage on the side of the head with his, you know, going through the cancer therapy again. And Bob Kerry pointed out for the campaign that W. Ryan against him in South Carolina was the dirtyest of filthyest and most sclerosis campaign that's ever been won in the history of those country. And McCain is kind of sat there in the really even much calm. What could he say? Really embarrassed. One other thing. And I really, this is an appeal to the native voters today. I admire you're principle. But you're going to win the battle and you're going to lose the war. And what I'm saying to the native people that are listening to your show now is, you know, get real if you if you go for native, you're going to wake up the next morning. Yeah. With an intellectual lightweight who is going to be your worst nightmare, at least score. It's closest to your position. So he pragmatic people out there. I admire your principles. But please, when you get to the voting booth, do not elect this nightmare because you will rule the day for the next four years. That's right. Thank you. Thanks. And we'll be here to tell you every day you've been a. You did every single day will put it on tape. You did it. You know, they like to talk about the politics of division. This is what we really question you talk about, Hippekir and all the victory in going on. I guess the more on job, there must have forgotten about the last eight years that started the day that Clinton got in on it actually started before that when he first started running in the primaries. But from the day that he was inaugurated in 93, went on to eight solid years. It's never stopped the politics of division. Every time this man farted and it was a wrong flavor, we had to have another investigation that has been another five million dollars in your taxpayer money. It's just astonishing how stupid the public can be about a tack edge in about 30 politics. And then when the thing came out about the D.W.I. All right, wait, that's typical Democratic duty tricks. Well, the term politically duty tricks came out during the next few years. We had nothing to do with Democrats and the word, Watergate. It was had eight years of non-stop duty tricks. And then all of a sudden they also had Bob Livingston, I'm over talking to his shows, who was on the CNBC over the weekend with all people of softball Chris Matthews. And it had Chris Matthews couldn't stand it when the litigation started whining about the fact that, oh, well, they were out to get him and they, they got him, they nailed him. Yeah, well, they nailed it because you were screwing around your wife's sweetheart, because you were hypocrites. And then he started, when the litigation started reading all this paranoid, right when crap and Chris Matthews says, what are you reading that from? And he says, the drug report. And Chris Matthews says, not anymore, you're not. And he made him stop reading it right there, cut him off in the sentence. The drug report. Yeah, and partisan is only when it's five to Democrats when they turn out to truth. Just like the business about wanting to protect his daughters, when Bill Clinton said he didn't want to talk about his affair with Monica, because he wanted to protect his family, then it was just a couple of, what you course it was, but then they were all screwing it just a couple of up. But when she goes, he didn't want to come forward and be honest about his V. W. I, the protectors young daughters, then was supposed to believe that. Just amazing. That's why, called another Teflon candidate, the separate set of standards that the right wing is a God. You can do whatever you want if you're Republican. If you're Democrat, all you got to do is let your status fart at the wrong flavor and got you. But we need an end to the politics of division, all of bickering and washing them. Right. See, they're counting on the fact that most people are Dota birds in their right. They're absolutely right. Here's David, hello. Hey, yeah sir. I think we need more division. I quite agree. I need to come front. There's nothing like having choices that are actually choices. You know, the truth from it. One thing that we don't need is both how you getting closer and closer together. Yeah. I noticed that in your website, your birthday was your birthday after that? Yes sir. Happy birthday. Thank you so much. That was a great picture of Alfred E. Newman. Did you have that? Yeah. That's the question. It's almost as good as the stuff that's on the inside when you click it on. You can't have the truth, but that picture just kind of sums it all up. Yeah. But I listen, there's a way that the people that want that made or lovers can have their cake and eat it to and still still a licorice. Can we tie up? You're not going to tell me this sad, sorry thing you are swapping boats are. What's the matter with that? It's pointless. What's the point? Because you can vote for Nader and you can still vote. I'm sure there's a lot of them to say it again. If they vote for Nader, we're going to wind up with the same thing. Oh, that's true. No. No, I'm saying you can vote for. I already did. I already caught my buddy in the Yorkie. Yeah. The coordinator in New Yorkie was going to vote for Gore. And I'm going to vote for Gore for you. And down here. Oh, God. Because if New Yorkie was going to hit the Yorkie, that's not a swing state. Gore is going to win their easily. Yeah. So you did need a favor of voting for Nader. You know, they're for me to do him the favor of voting for Gore here in a swing state. Does that make sense? No, not really. What's the, could you knock a hole in it for me? Yeah. And the whole is this. The fact is that you're, you're waiting for your spending your wheels. You want to get the $12 million or so. The 5% can become 80 or 9%. Would you know, I don't think it's ever going to get to that point. Right. So then it's just going to be that much more of a detriment. You're going to earn me four years. You're going to be a debt to all any democratic. Now I understand from now what you're saying is that an alternative leftist party is never a good idea. It's not just now. It's not just a right. It's not just a leftist party. It's an extreme leftist party. It's an extreme leftist party. Okay, I'm adding here. Whether you're talking crap. A ballast, the US Senate, and a ballast, and military. Just take it. You don't even know what to play from the green party. You're sure. And I'll say it again. Well, if there's this, it's a platform of his party. It's an ego trip. Oh, come on. All these pseudo intellectual young geniuses, man. He's several, oh, yeah. We have to have a difference. Well, that's not the way to do it. The day after tomorrow, if you want to have some differences, then start a grassy organization and put together a moderate party. Not an extreme leftling, wacko party. And these are the same green party people, by the way, didn't really destroy the city you see at last year, but we're not. We're supposed to forget about that. Much aluminum sticks. I wonder what neighbors got to say about that, 20 for about it? Five, six, seven, five, six feet. And I'll start again. Look at the skyline and Houston. The fact that they pollution in Texas is so bad that they can't even let the kids out to practice football, some days because they are so polluted. Thanks to you, David, abortion and relaxation. And of course, here's the guy who wants it to be voluntary, compliant with those guy that an EPA guy might be watching to be voluntary. So here's the greatest enemy of the environment that you could possibly have running. And the major people are supposed to be the greatest environmental far beyond our grower, the three hugger, far beyond him. What they're going to do is help a lunatic, a irresponsible man get it right through the ground. I'll show you again, even a little creepy, Ross Proga, 19% vote, 92. In fact, the poll that they took a couple of days ago, 33% of the American people would like to have an alternative party. They don't like to never crash over, probably can do it again. And I would do one of them too, I agree. But Ralph later, and the green party, ain't the answers. Who leaves me? Here's my enemy, Helen. Hey, it's me, I guess. Yes, sir, okay. Listen, I got a couple points to make about the poll thing. Yes, sir. Yeah, and here's, got everybody talking about the abortion issue with Bush and all the pro libraries jumping out on the van, 90's in. He's going to stop abortion, and everything else. He's not pro-life. Look at all the capital cases and taxes. Look at how many people he puts it down. Look at all that. You're mentioning the frontier, and that is pro-life means you love the fetus. Not people are allowed to have the fetus and either fetus under. And they don't want to stand there. Yeah, and I'm a Catholic, and I don't believe in abortion, but I don't believe in the government. She tells people whether or not the shit I'm wondering. Right. And another point I'd like to make is real quick. In addition to which does anybody see the hypocrisy of a man who's running, based on the fetus hugging principle, who allegedly I believe this to rain, I believe it all is because now we even have names in the Pacific people involved in dates who pay to have somebody who knocked up where I'll get in the abortion. I know. That's ridiculous. And then I was saying, I'd like to say, we're good about this push board. You know, you know, you know, you know, you have a flag around my hand. And they have a little reason to point around, you know, we're not the sons. And I'm going to get them to the government. I've got a close sticker in my car. I don't get out of the window. That's the guy I need to hold me aside. I'm smiling like him, you know. Because I'm smiling. I'm smiling. I'm smiling like him. He gave me the cylinder. Because I hold up a cold even inside. And forget you. You know, it's like, I want to go through I want to go through the pressure. I don't know if the pressure is in on the asphalt as the way you treated me. Consider the source. You know, yes. All right. I guess I just like to people call me softly. They consider the source. Have a great day. I'll see. And if it's right in, at least the people for the most part, I'm not going to say everybody about the verb, the motion is like him, but there's a lot of similarity there. He tracks the dumb, he tracks the bigoted. The narrow minded, the selfish, the people who got there, they don't give a crap about anybody else. That's what it's all about. But it's the dumb part in the middle. Those are the millions of dumb masses out there. Those are the ones they're going to influence what's going to happen. That's what's really scary. That's the most scary part of it all. Just like they all got a cousin in the first hour of the nation. They're talking about these people come about chapiquitic. And what they forget is that 10, 10 of they couldn't run for president because of chapiquitic. And I said, what about 1980 when he ran against you and he caught in the Democratic Times and he was literally, oh, I didn't know about that. He didn't know about that. How was that possible? Did he sleep to it? Was he taken too much nerve pain? Was he squeezing the bag too much and knows they? Huh? You can't complain about it. See, this is why half of the people don't vote or more. Because most of them don't know anything about what's going on anyway. I guarantee you this audience in this radio station, you've got to hover out better chance finding out who's going to be number one of the guy that Color football player, then finding out who the candidates are. Give it a ball, give me the ball, give me the ball, baby, because that's what it'd be all about. Now let's get those football players out there in both several times throughout because most of them are short as anyone. This is 5, 6, you a l. It's not just the one to two hours, it's a phenomenon. Come on, America. Time to grill up and pick outside the closet. Celebrate the packed door secret and bring out the game and bring out the game. Bring out the game and bring out the game. Celebrate the packed door secret and bring out the game. From all the ages you can get Christian, Bridges and all the religious rights are not bullying any anymore. It's in the papers of three days, so why not catch at the rest of the world? In doubt it's titled The Truth, the Adventure inside three. Next time you want to reach out for goodness, reach far ahead full of them. Celebrate the packed door secret and bring out the game. Bring out the game. Bring out the game. Celebrate the packed door secret and bring out the game. Celebrate the game. All right, I want to talk about the 5, 60 WQM. I'll take one or two while I got hang from Shulis. They took two of the two. They got Kimba Boat Camp, a 645 also from Shulis. They're full money. They're full. So I can't say the packers are at 845. After money. That's what it's called. The Guardian Observer, another British paper, has in their Monday, November 6th today's edition. There's a story. A slater press can deny the high GW shady sign. It's said to the Guinness Book of Records, Reserve a whole page under hypocrisy. It's for George W. abortion and managers of its good for the White House. It wanted a campaign of character assassination, knowing that Al Gore has an intimidating grasp of issues. They've used a rich, every dollar of special interest money, every toti in the press, the smear device person as a liar. The cleverness about that visionary tactic was that if it worked, it would really gw getting proper answers to the questions of substance he finds so bewildering it worked. Now, Bush's reveal as a liar on serious issues of character and what happens, the smear artists are shouting beauty politics. Here to the anti-Growd bias of the mainstream press, last 30 nights of revelation that Bush was arrested for drug and driving in 1976 when he was 30 may have come to light to affect his lead. The Republican spin machine has also been a debt in damage control within 24 hours of the almost men to turn the story into cool leak instead of why didn't he come clean. It is true that the disclosure came from a main Democrat, though not from the campaign, but the point is that it is true when the real question is the character of the candidate who tried to conceal his past. He did confess to mistakes of his youth, but he would never be specific, hoping the mistakes would be thought of as youthful panks, not serious crime. It is an offense to apply for any federal office without the voucher in arrest record, Bush not only went to great light to cover up his conviction, he lied about it too. In 1998, in a view of Donald's morning news report, a report of last Bush point blank, if he had ever been arrested other than for a 1968 opportunity prank, and Bush had flatly no. The exchange was not reported at the time it didn't seem newsworthy, and when Bush was called a jury service in a drug driving trial and Texas, he felt about the jury question there, but left blank the yes or no entry asking if he had ever been arrested in a civil or criminal case. Then he hastily got himself excused on the basis they would be Governor of this state. And it goes on and on. For example, he says for those of you in southern Britain, it might conclude that global warring for instance is a matter of concern. You know that Bush regards it as a leftist scare. As for what he would do, he responds that we need more study before ratifying the Kyoto agreement, putting the mind of a fire chief or lives at the place, to say, you have to study the origins of the fire before trying to put it out. See the bridge, they got their thumb on it. They see through this crap. Here's a mobile on Hollywood, hello. Hey, hey, how are you doing? All right. All right. Listen, a couple of things. First one is, you talked about the double standard. You couldn't have been more away. And the most perfect example, which the Republicans will never talk about, is a ran contra-gated and the almighty Ronald Reagan. And then anybody, is it, and should be in trouble? It was Ronald Reagan. Second thing. Hope that people remember them, a column in the one that spent helped spend $50 million of our money on the sex affair after Bill Quentin. So remember Bill Nelson is our man here in Florida. Amen. And the third thing is you talked about this abortion issue, which is like the, I've heard it as rule before. Today it seems like you have some more information. You know, website that we can all go to to get this information. It'll be on it. It'll be on our website, neo-rodgers.com. It'll be on it this afternoon. Okay. Great. Thanks. Okay, thanks. 539 votes in our pool already. That a lot of people are going to vote tomorrow. Al Gore, free of $72.69 percent. George W. Wait a minute. Changing again. One moment please. Not that one. She's here. Like I said, Al Gore, 68.6 percent. George W. 115, 21.41 percent. Native 25, 4.6 percent. Harry Brown, 21, 3.8 percent. And Pat, you can. It's still stuck there down there. They have ass and still stuck there at behind. 1.6 percent. We can get in right down there to the 1 percent that he's had. And just about every pool, state by state, nation wide, since the very beginning. So, at least we can feel a little bit better. It's that only 1 percent of America are carcaring four-flides Nazis. We've bad haircut. Here's a lady in the gable. Hello. I need a. Yes, man. Can you remember about the movie, Man. Terri and Candidate? Sure. What's that, San After? Right. And I'm ever seeing that movie. The last time I saw it and the horror. And you've done because the evil that created the machinery that we're going to put this name in office. And I get that queen he's feeling with with this George W. Bush. That same set ceiling of the Serenade Har. And I feel terrible as there. Like the same character as Adam and Shurie Candidate. Yeah. And I just wanted to say. Oh, they're just characters a lot. And he's a lot. He's real. He's reality. It's not a movie. Yeah. It's like a bad dream come true. Right. And I want to say too. I mean, I recognize you're too late to vote. And please, whoever out there. It's not going to vote and you can be in the crack. Or for Gore. Please vote for me because I can't do it. Please. Okay. I'll vote twice. Thanks. 560 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Wines. Don't forget we'll be with a Qm van at the ticket sports bar grill with beef and beefy of beach tonight. Corey Hillsville Boulevard and Paul and I wrote in the Kmart Plaza commanding that football. And the nephew will be there and we'll get all the best of the LCDs key chains. You will run your buttons and all the other groups. The t-shirts. Let's tickets sports bar and grill and beefy of beach. Corey Hillsborough and Paul and road in the Kmart Plaza tonight. And also don't forget to speak in the night that rally on the South Beach 10pm on Ocean Drive between 677 streets. Our goal will be there. Stevie Wonder. And who is the other one? I think you got him off. Somebody is not going to be Patty Smith. I'll say to that. Who is the double cock? I'll never cock. And you can get food tickets tonight to big event. They'll go on all night at Democratic headquarters. Just go information to get number for the bus nearest by you. I was just very close. Okay. So I thought you said. So I think you need to say Brian. Here's a lady in dear field. Good. Hello. Oh, I am now. Yes, man. Happy to go. Thank you. I'm going to say I'm going to love being in that been out for 30 years. I've been in that boat in every election since 1913. 30 years. I still don't have all my right. Yeah. And so all are thinking of going to the bus coming in. Knowing the things of this girl from that to work. Right. Everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody, everybody group in this country and women who are even in minority. But every group that's had to work like crazy to try to make any advancement in life. 50, 60, 70 years will take giant steps backward at this crime get in. That's that exactly. I talked with some friends and games. They get a community. And they say, well, you know, we want to, you know, put a protest. So they said, you know, put a protest. Put a protest. Put a protest. Wait a minute. For a minute. You're talking to me. Oh, please. Probably just crazy. Even if you just remember all the women that died on kitchen table get in the abortion. Yeah. I said, that will be one of those back to pay. I'm not going to need an abortion. But I know the women are going to enact how they die. And this is like this is the reality of all this. And it's all about the Supreme Court. You know, you're the best. Okay. Bye. Thank you. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60. Let's be in for Nader or Boy. All I can say is, oh my God. Wow. Yeah. He's an alternative. Uh-huh. Is he going to win any state? No. Any county? No. Any electrophot? No. No. You've got 24 hours. I said probably about 26. If you're going to vote late tomorrow, they'll say about 27 hours. To change your mind, take it off that clap to get with it and be part of the solution and not the problem. And of course, like the caller said earlier in the show, the Bush people are loving it. They are sucking up big time, including running those spots showing Nader making anti-war comments. Using Nader's words to get people out there to vote for Bush. They're loving it. 960, WQF. It puts the notion in the basket. It's taking the reason. She's had 15 billion. She's had 15 billion. She's had 15 billion. She's had 15 billion. She's had 15 billion. She's had 15 billion. She's had 15 billion. She's still on the main. Hello. And they've 15 more years. And then she has 20. To the heart of life, I say, Missy, You are a fool tonight. Oh, I can't help you. I'm a challenge of things of this cheesy subject. Like the potato salad, yes. That's inside a combo. And she is me. Can we make love to, guys? I say no chance. You smell like a monkey, yes. To, guys. 14 at 5.50 billion. Thanks to Brad, I'll find Robert Tony's pizza for a great lunch. Here's a tremendous thanks for marking Boko. Since I'm registered Republican, I have a very large portfolio predominantly drugstoss through all rallying on the anticipation George W.'s election. In the short run, I'm looking at a windfall in profits. However, tomorrow, I'm voting for Al Gore because long-term, no amount of money will be able to repair the damage that this moron and this corny's will bring about in the next four years. Al Gore for President, Pat Burns for Coach of the Panthers. I go and mark what on. Sweetheart. 5.605.50, pound 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Lady Mobile and Boca, hello. Hello, Boca. I appreciate you taking my call, Leo. I'd like to admit her people to consider that if push gets in and resign, you'll have a chainy and chainy road again, clean air, and clean water can the major people live with that. It will be, will be, yeah, back 50 years. Yeah. And I'd like to see, native people to see, reach and sit or who they're voting again. Well, I think it's forced to native people. I think it's a system all down and tie them up for like five minutes. And another book had pictures of the sexist skyline, especially in Austin and Houston. But all of the state and see the damage that the big polluters, the world companies, all George Bush's corporate friends have done in last five years. They're maybe they might rethink it. But I don't know. I mean, there's, there's that core of native people who are just so stubborn and just so, uh, obstinabacers, they must be the same ones that the trip are to Seattle. It's the fact that you're waiting. Well, they're overcoming anyway. 5.60, 50.50, 50.50, 50.50 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. The lower of a company where, won't wait, maybe. Or maybe not. Here's a mobile and broken. Hello. Hello. How are you doing? How are you doing? I'm doing good. There's a word that we should use for these, the wavelength and add extra four bush no matter what. Yeah. No matter that. Dude, and that is push a hauling. They're a bunch of bush a hauling. Mhm. Because they refuse to see, you footage your tank at an up bush. Yeah. They're intoxicated with him. And that's all I have to say. Okay. Thanks. Nothing with push a hauling. Maybe in the next few hours we can find a cure for them. Yeah. Okay. We're getting a little more can of them. 5.60, 50.50, 50.50 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Thomas Friedman writes in the New York Times today. The wrong answer. If there's been a lot point for the press following the bush core campaign, surely it's been the mass rush to judgment that because George W. Bush was able to tick off old hotspots in the last debate. He understands foreign policy enough to be present. In fact, Mr. Bush uttered a stunning howler during that debate. On asked by Jim Lera, which of the recent US intervention to brought he would approve of. Mr. Bush said he did not approve of Haiti, but through the approve of Lebanon in 1982. Oh, really? Good bad Mr. Lera didn't have time to ask him. You have an abortion. What was he like about Lebanon? Was it the fact that President Reagan was to do Lebanon out of guilt over the sub were and should kill a massive massacrisse about any preparation. And as a result, we became another fact in the Lebanese Civil War. Was it the fact that we were engaged there in intensive nation building, training the whole Lebanese army, the very nation building you have posed in Haiti? Was it the fact that we tried to build our policy in Lebanon on a monetizing all that military power you want to build up again, even showing serious troops with the battleship New Jersey, and all that power proved futile? Was it the fact that 241 US servicemen were killing their slave as a result of the funeral exercise of power? Was it the fact that you're a cheap foreign policy advisor, George Schultz, was our Secretary of State then when negotiated the May 17th, 1980s reagreement for Israeli security in South London, which was so one-sided and Israel's favorite, it was never implemented, grew up in our faces and resulted in Syrian domination of Lebanon. What exactly did you like about Lebanon, Governor? The failed US intervention in Lebanon was the direct outcome of having a president, Mr. Reagan, who was pledging on the details to acceptable the cliches, and totally dependent on foreign policy advisors, who themselves did not understand in the Middle East. President Clinton was enlisted by all the parties to this conflict. They go to Shermel's cheek yesterday precisely because they believe he is someone who has mastered the details and understands the limits of force for resolving this issue. Critics not propane can't they, but is a mistake. Nonsense. A Houd Barak is no naive dove, he's a realist who felt he ordered to be Israelis, who don't want to live forever on the barricade to text whether Israel had a Palestinian partner for a decent peace. Mr. Clinton provided the framework for that test. The president was actually quite wary about it. He knew his customers, but he also knew America would suffer a foreign way from this problem and he would have so many strategic interests. The trouble was that Mr. Clinton got so much from Mr. Barak that the answer to our thought wasn't ready to respond. First, Mr. Arifat turned to the Arab regimes for help and covered, but they ran away. Then he went on a world tour to try to get help and was told to deal with Mr. Barak. And when he couldn't, some of the will for that he blew things up. It never occurred to Mr. Arifat that if he wanted more from Mr. Barak, he should, so not like a pill directly to the Israeli people. The unswilled peace process is not crying. The parties have chosen to go back to fighting over who owns which all of them treat. Eventually, they would like to serve the deserve to be part of the world, we'll be back in and back. But only after they all pay an awful price. When it does, maybe we'll have a more honest peace process. One of which Israel is not negotiating with one hand, still building settlements with the other. One of which Mr. Arifat is not negotiating with one hand, and building hit against Israel is really in Palestinian mosques and textbooks with the other. And one of which week autocratic Arab leaders don't try to keep their people at bay. By letting them off steam off on Israel. The devil in this region and the solution is in the details. Foreign policy problems really come packaged in your idea away. They always come messy, spurred as much by the effectiveness of allies as the mendacity of enemies. And they could be sobrily by some combination of military might. Detail patient diplomacy, as some cautious optimism. When you approach them with superficial cliches and unambulnerce the nasty details and the overliance on military power, you end up with America and Lebanon in 1902. One of George W. Bush's preferred foreign policy moments, scary. Scary. And he is scary. And anybody would have brain out there ought to be scared that a man who is proud enough to tell us that he was a crap student, proud enough to tell us that if we showed him our course of always on the map he knew where it was. And this is your idea of a leader. Shame on you. That's what I have to say here today. Shame on you. Whether you are doing any of the because of softishness because you are going to get a tax cut you are going to get more guy damn money. Or whether you are doing it because you are professional, political hack that all you know is whatever is on the right of the ticket that is what you are going to vote for. Don't you know, don't you are calling us get a big out-grower supporter like I have told you a billion times and one point of the game not too many weeks ago I was going to vote it all. I said I would hold my nose and vote for go and especially that due movement creep. My vote is anti-brush baby, anti-brush and everything he stands for and all those people all those rabbit-wings zealots who are behind you or pulling the strings. Here South Miami. Hello. Yes sir. You were right before when you said they let it all play the big role in George W Bush. If I was just reach out real quick. Retard right wing Republican rich kid Redneck who reads that a kindergarten level and he reads about the law and he relishes revenge on daddy's loss and his revenue. He consists of running three oil companies into the ground and being handed braingers ownership. Oh and his wife. Rough. Okay well done. Two bad semi-social don't have more arson. 560 pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a mobile and most Palm Beach hello. All right you're the end of the race. Yes sir. All right I found with everybody as our color equal for our public. And you go to all your family of actions. You need to be proud. I refused to pay tax and pay a money but they don't bother to prove that he is really mixed. How to pay other colors and races not now is. And then on the stage it's a racial issue. In the proper size of the Bible. And I wonder if they're going to see a death. From our state of being dead by the Bible. It's not about homeback and Bush. I won't bet both of them as it is upon revenge. That's like after our last hit to sit and say, oh, hello, we love our doing now. So, what do you say? 560 pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Okay. What do you say? 560 pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. As we're coming all the way to the end here today baby. And tomorrow it's a election day and during the show. We're not going to talk about doing the show tomorrow. You bet we are. We're going to have Greg read personally driving people all your folks that don't have a ride. And we give them. Let me give those all give them the moral. You'll forget about them. I'll let people need to ride the patrol. So we're going to have Greg drive it everybody around personal. Take any wherever you can as long as you promise to go for a gore. You know Greg read you know who that is. Here's a letter that was sent from Dick Kermon, a Washington lawyer and publisher. He says dear friends. I haven't said much during the presidential campaign season but time is getting sure. I think I might regret not expressing myself on the matter of George W Bush possibly being elected president. I went to school with George. In fact, I knew him quite well both through athletics. Socializing joint classes and particularly as my immediate lab partner in a freshman science class. The fact that he is tantalizing with close to becoming the most powerful and important person in the world is both astonishing and terrifying. I had quite a number of classmates who might start might one day be worthy of incompetent the service president, but George was definitely not one of them. I did not come away from my four years of interaction with the very positive feeling about it. He was intellectually lazy, not particularly interested in anything serious, rather arrogant, contentuous of studying and purposeless. To think that someone so average could be leading this nation as a scary proposition. Sure people change, but not that much. He would have to do a great year more more for in order to be up to the job with to which he aspires. One of our fellow class made the advances the theory that George is so limited in the narrow that he had to sum out himself a great advisor can't do anything to fear. I disagree. Ultimately, President Tethamig big decisions and I worry about that. The prospect that our children might have to survive in a world heavily influenced by George should give anyone pause. One other point, one of his made made by others, but that I was witnessed too up close and personal. George has never been tested. He has lived a life of rare privilege to cure in his name with a large edge of the powerful and influential people who circle his family. No one has ever had a safety net like George, whether it be getting in the end over Yale, Harvard Business School, the International Guard when and take it from me and other 50% of my class that one of them, on active duty after graduation. There were absolutely no guard or reserved slots available anywhere. The oil business, extricating self from his oil company, the Texas Rangers, the Griminatorial Mansion and the Presidential nomination a few more taken advantage of it. Like Anne Richard's one said, he was born on third base and probably hit a triple. Please don't help him steal home. So, determined a Washington lawyer and publisher who went to school with W. Who says basically, he's a moron and dangerous. Pretty obvious, so I think I knew he was watching, listen. 26 to 11 at 5.50. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 5.60. 2.8. He were a exploding ball. I went to an origin, Carolina chair, looked at four of all of that, I could dance. Everyone, somebody is doing a thing. We're all begging to make things with you, let's say it without f***. Everyone, five at that f***. They can find it all over their body. We're begging at the jailhouse. Opposite 47 was hanging in May 3. They were accused of going for better ever seen. This one in May was hired me with a twig. She said, come over here so much. I'm making my bed so much f***. Everybody, let's f***. They can find it in the cell box. We're begging at the jailhouse. The four in opposite was standing on a loan. In the ball, business block, he was hired as known. The four dead fighting, what you doing over there. Bankers, after they make way, we're getting that shabby. Everybody, let's f***. They can find these in the cell box. We're begging at the jailhouse. And what would Steve Allen think about that? I'll ask you again. You think you'd like it? Oh, oh, oh yeah. 131 at 5.60. WQAN. And I think, I think, until you break it down this way, we don't really understand. We took time at the closest race in all these years. It really is that close. That's the way. I did guys have been a family in the way to stay in the state. I love this one. I'm an MSNBC. They get the Republican. A bunch of these, the red states and the Democrats get to the blue states. And they go up to the map and they stick it. They try to draw up their strategy for winning electoral college. They had a bunch of jackasses. I think it was on that. One of the roundtables on CNN last night. And all of them, every one of them, oh yeah, well, we really believe in the electoral college. And we're all afraid of keeping it. And of course, the obvious question is, Even Thomas Jefferson hated the electoral college. Said it was like a cancer insanity. Here's a mobile and tamaract. Hello. I'm Neil. Good afternoon. This is Michelle Levine. How you doing? Okay. I call you every year. And I'm only calling you now to wish you a happy and a healthy birthday. Thank you. You are coming up all the next year. Okay. Bye. Bye. Thank you, Zon. Okay. Take off that beanie. Five six seven, oh five say how did you live or man? Five six seven, oh five six. Five six. The pound five six. Oh, you're friends. I forgot to tell you this. You're good friend of the counten David came to a hockey game. Why do you want the cater one night? Yes. And brought me a bag. I want to say this about David. Cox on horse. Hey, brought me a bag of sugar free like wait for you know. Hmm. Communion wait for us. Yeah. No, seriously. Sugar free allegedly. And it was like a plastic container. I mean, I'm not a tremendous cream so away for things that they have. You know, the thin I can't think of the name that they have for those waiters. They're like flaky right. Yeah. Okay. So during the course of the game, I mean, there's not much else going on because the Panthers who usually are losing again, which is, and so I ate the whole thing. Yeah. Figuring the sugar free. And I thought to myself, I didn't have any urge. I didn't have any urge to. So I knew I'm thinking of myself. That's strange because I was hoping I had to do it. That would give me a good excuse to run home or we get out of that awful game. I get home. My blood sugar is 360-3. Do you have any idea how grow petal that is? It's bread with sugar free cream in the middle of it. What did I try to tell you about those Israelis? It's yours. It's your account for quite six. You can't say away from me. I can now figure out who Jews it's those hockey games you should both say away from me. I can't get rid of the other one. I can't get rid of them. On his Greg, you're just came in with his limo. He's taking all the people out to vote tomorrow. One little food for the board. He's going to drive around the QM van. And his limo zoon. We're going to keep John Giorgo's locked in the building because we understand he's a bush-litter. We're keeping him locked in here. He's a crap. You're to remember all these people are driving those big jag wires. Yeah. You want to be a fly-shin' all their money. Here's a lady in full waterdale. Hello. Oh, yes, man. Hi. She's doing great work. I can't believe all of this is being bypassed by the regular media. But it clicked me. It says London Times reported true. It's true that they'll be a win in your will. I mean, it's not just in that report. It's in documented in a many other place. I know. I know. But I'll keep behind cleansing proof of that from his military records. Both of federal crimes. It was made to him. Inoperative, to run for federal law for federal rights. That is correct. Concolution. And it's a he's elected. And it's revealed after the election came to France. Yeah. So, and then what is well? Well, maybe we can start it instead of preventing it from getting in there. So, we will be elected to Marwick and spend another 60 or 70 million dollars for big Investigation. And I think he escaped with everything. Right. But also, do you think that this might be part of a nefarious pot or one? With training and the right right wing Republican. Up to the old dirty trucks hanging wounded in the Nixon White House. On a first thought to do what? Who exactly do this? We're out the information that W committed federal crime. And I'll keep it in all of the training. No, no. Have a great day. So, we've got to say how to all your friends in the trial right old commission. Oh, God. They can spare a torrential mind. We got enough funds as it is. Let's not make any up. Okay. Let's not start fabricating all sorts of wild theories and conspiracy. God. Yeah, that's the way they're going to do it. Of course, you must keep in mind that I mean, you don't have one line of point or maybe it's a major point to some. And you want to be in change in those because as part of the Gallup on that. Poppip to the Chinese. Poppip to the. That's a good song. Would it pop a pick? The good over there in Fort Myers and Naples. They could go into that. Who is the pop a secretary of defense. You know, let's get back to those. And I was saying, quote of Mr. Who got tossed out eight years ago. They're going to mind that back in there again. It was inviting their time. They couldn't get Baba out there with leadership. So now they're going to come in the back door of your partner expression. Back to them. Yeah. Twenty three, four, two or five, sixty, WCU. The. The. God. Tenant. The. You began Senator. The. Bernie Algor and I are committed to making America's public schools. Prumbling classrooms. I have tried to very hard in my career to act in a way that brings down the institutions of government and each of us individually. And for a while, I was drilling a white podosa and the deeper I got that sign was not Senator. Thank you, sir. This is secretary George Bush is a good man, an honorable man, a man of high taxes and Governor Bush and I want to reform the social security system so that. Seeing your cities in suffer this winter. You're like a first grade president. Secretary of State. And you're labor man. We thank you. 142 at five, 50. I want to thought is right, especially on Shabbat. They don't do it on Shabbat. Oh, God. I hope not. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got 18 minutes to go. Baby is the clock. Oh, oh. Oh, hey. Picking. Here's my any hello. I need. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just wanted to know what what's the. What is your show going to do like on Wednesday? We're even talking about Wednesday when George Bush is the next person. And you have a thing. I don't know. One tune in. I went to which I'm sure you will find out. And so. We'll talk about whatever I want to talk about. And you'll be listening to. Speak. When you're a little boyfriends like this. Same old tired tired man. Don't you guys everywhere it out. Got him a step of strap on those kids. You must have a spear. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless lines. 20 of open lines. You got 17 minutes to go here. Can you keep it up so too? Oh, I doubt it. That's why some bum fork like him gets in there. Here's open part. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm going to want to want to hear collar. Also, I call you once a year. I think we're spending our wheels with this election. You kind of spend our wheels? Oh, it's kind of silly. You know how it works out. Nobody really says it doesn't matter who wins. Uh huh. Let's talk about the dolphin. No. They all are panicking talk about the dolphin. Okay. Not interested. We got 20 hours a day. Of that stuff on this station. Okay. And the dolphins yet. Maybe they're when the Super Bowl. Okay. Great. Per crew. You know something. Who cares? You got the presidential election comes once every four years. And some of you people like I've said so many times that's all you care about is a ball game. Who's going to win a Super Bowl game? Because that's the American F and way, baby. You see the Europeans, they get out of the system of those soccer matches. They go on a while. They get all their pet up hostility and frustration in the side courses. I'll let any carry on like a little picture in the side there. And then they go back and they pay attention to business. Here it's only monkey business round of clock. That's all your American public knows monkey business. And let's talk about the dolphin. No, that's not. Okay. Here's pepper pine. Hello. Anyhow you doing. I'm doing good. The problem is too many long kids out there. Listen, I got down with the Bovall's book. We're a great reader. Yeah, we know. I wish I could just be distributed every half whole in America. Big bit of bad. But I want to ask you. You see Saturday sunset. You know, the big four page spread by the Christian. I talked about the beginning of the show. I'm sorry. Another one in the Hill yesterday in the Saturday one in the Sun Channel. This is disgusting. It's a falling, but actually to me it's great because I would think you would work in reverse. I don't know what they're trying to force down for. Well, I should be a good tip off on where the Bush people are coming from. What he's all about. Yeah, because we want our nation to run according to God. State is lost and principal. Amazing stuff. And keep it up. Me or the skin and how out of me. Okay. The fact that this man can possibly get in people go out by the guy or spoke if you're not sure. If you haven't society yet, you're a bunch of idiots. So I have yourself in, though. God. You're ready for a bumpy ride. Also, again, Gloria's got to win Florida, Michigan, Pennsylvania. Absolutely positive. They must win all three. See the electoral college thing. Now it's tough. He's there in St. Louis right now, but he's four points down in tracking pool in Missouri, which he's got a lot of them left for a boat. So I thought that's going to Bush. But the girl is, I'm not count on West Virginia. I don't think that looks too good. Arkansas don't look too good. Tennessee, it was dead even 46, 40, finally pulled even in the home state. And they kept saying, oh, look, take a look at his home state. All the factors as many people appointed out. And the last several years, Tennessee has become more and more Republican. You step mostly in a credit senators and governors. And now they got a Republican governor to the Republican senators and a get more Republican by the day because of changing demo graphics as and more and more redneck. If that's possible. But gross absolutely got to win those three of the remaining biggest states, Michigan Pennsylvania and Florida. And certainly, Oregon, a Washington, one of the other. I'm going to sort of absolutely in Wisconsin where he's got a couple of points in ladies pulling your who can thank them being down a couple of points in ladies and fighting ground associate girl by the stripy, three, and this Collier nature, the good and who are we talking to these two fairies. And we asked them, well, so we kept them to go, well, he died next day. But then water claims, the three times they were preferring to all be treated as better understanding of the division or distance in front of some rich women. There will be a lot of people who can't afford. Here's a mobile and full-awaited mail. Yes sir. I think yesterday I saw my check but I'm trying to lose track at this point. Well, I hope you've heard that. Thank you. I was watching MSMEC yesterday a little bit. I just, you know, they had to map up with the old toll college and had a shade in blue and yellow and red. And it's all that fog just their speculation on wow it's going with the 200 and 70 votes. You know, they want to be in the same place. And you know, I mean, the key here is I mean, the Florida Michigan and Pennsylvania. Those are useful when they're showing you on the bottom. Gor was winning at $1.8% by $1.49. 40 off water was pretty close. The Pennsylvania, two points, two points, 47.45 of Gor. But Michigan was the Adelaide. And that's what I'm telling. And he's got it all the night in the running. All those in safely in this camp. Right. So you gotta understand, you gotta understand as they said, if you believe the MSMEC will, which they've been a little bit slow in giving state up, this ticket would two 0 5 for $1.881 for Gor. That means the Gor is already 24 electrophost behind. You only need two 70 which would tell you that wish needs only 65 and go need 85. But he's got to win those ones with the 23 and 25 in even those six things. Right. Now, if first, now this is the latest crack of system is. If Gor wins, excuse me, if push wins, break toll and go on win the popular, motion is the first in president. That's right. Or the other way around? So when do they have edgicain here, just in 16 years as a graduate of my school, when the hell do we have a runoff and what do they do on that? What do you mean the runoff? Well, don't think a person doesn't go in a presidential runoff? No. If they tied with 269 electrophost, then it goes to the house, then it goes to the house, then it goes to the house, then it goes to the house, then it goes to the house, then the house, then the new house, then you'll be elected, how's that to January? Right. Oh boy. Yeah. I'll be there tomorrow morning. Okay. For more. See you there. Bye. Bye. Bye. So 11 before 25, 60 WQL. The Neil Rutter Show. The New Sports Radio. I'm 16. QA. And what's going to be the PSI? Yeah. What's going to be the PSI? What's going to be the PSI? What's going to be the PSI? So the QA isn't the PSI? Yeah. Hey. The rich oil press. Then they go to Kanky. What's the fun at 2-1 on that gift? Pay money. He's going to give them breakfast. People go one after each. We can't find you. He's just disappeared. We're looking all over. And it still ain't here. Hey, Trudgy. You're with your back. He's going to work. And you'll find out that you can't walk us. You'll leverage college. You're the cooking party. And you can't fix the situation of your son. I don't fix it like you. You can't find a good cook. You can't sell great tech. Let me get it. It's a big headspot. For both jokes, yes. The PSI. So it's both jokes, yes. The PSI. So it's both jokes, yes. The PSI. So the two nins of PSI. One more time. So it's both jokes, yes. The PSI. So it's both jokes, yes. The PSI. So it's both jokes, yes. And the PSI. So it's both jokes, yes. The PSI. So it's both jokes, yes. And the PSI. And the PSI. That's just a four or five, 60 a man to bed. 694 votes already. If you're voting tomorrow for whom you be voting. I'll go over 485, just under 70%. George W. 131. 1828%. Harry Brown. Frank Brown's moving in a second place. 36 votes 5.1%. Ralph later 32, 4.6%. And Patrick Cannon. Alright. Let's hear for Patty's up to 10. Oh, got another one. Took him to the left two and a half hours. He's got 1.4%. And here's how I go in San Luis. I'm Jean Carnahan. You know what it means to keep the fire. That's right. Let's go for that dead guy in San Luis. And the Missouri. And standing right next to Algorde. There's Dick. Gib heart. And there's that mindless tipper. St. Alboy. She just gives me the creeps. Lim Cheney. He's me the creeps. So you want to think about that what is your name? I Laura Bush. The burning bush. You don't see her. They kept her locked up so much. Maybe it's because of that guy that she killed her. Time now. That's the best you can get her hooked up with her. But we're saying she's here's a mobile in San Luis. Hello. Hey. Yes sir. First of all, let me say. Hey, please say it's me. You know. Saying it. And my pleasure. And second of all, anybody that votes for bush tomorrow. Basically they're. Okay great. Play with some more. Here's Papa. Hello. Papa. Yeah. Yes sir. Question. How do you take what's the take on the local and state vote for more? You're going to go like Democrat or public. Democrat all the way. Sure. Mike John Lewis. That's what I want to know because I agree with everything you say. And I'm going to follow your every Democratic candidate. You got it. And including Peter Deutsche's on a post. Get the picture. Thanks Bill. Okay. You see that guy that call it or thought to call me. But I'll be sure. And I vote for a lane bill. My can vote for lane. Blummerl us and we're over with a beach that district took 26. Is what along the beaches for Miami Beach all about through four lotter of a beach. Lot of going in that area. Especially in Fort Laterdale. All those rich going that live in four lotterio beach. And I think. I don't know. I hope a lane bill. Kind of positive too. The clay show. And I think. So I think the main place I'd recognize that in person I've been in there for 20 years. And possibly which going I'm there like him. Don't forget just say, Oh, the bill by column tomorrow. Just remember all at $60, 70 million. It packs money away to just remember his lab at his stereo. His paranoia with penis cage. He was the leader, the henchman leader of the pack. And now that we have all this other stuff coming out about W. He's strangely silent. Or it's a political thing. It's dirty tricks. When the shoe is on the other foot right away. They can't deal with it. They can't handle the heat. Even at Bob Wooderson starts reading from the goddamn drug report. And Chris Matthews had a shower socket in his mouth to shut him up. Here's Del Rey Beach, you know? Del Rey Beach, you know? Yes sir. I'd like to make several statements. Really? Number one, handwritten was defeated in, of course, he's been counted by the Republicans. He forget to mention that they outspender 30-1, 30-1. And I would also add that the Republican kingmaker to reinvent him from drug-based, probably, be one of the closest markers you've ever done. And suddenly, one drug-based, kick your beating against that.