inger schill on five sixty q a n past four five석 pr Hopefully conditions you 8F girls and I was getting wrong. You're backing them right there. Oh, hey, Rob. Oh, hey, Rob. Oh, hey, Rob. Oh, hey, Rob. Oh, hey, Rob. Oh, hey, Rob. Oh, hey, Rob. And we could stop the shot with you. Fire us again, fire us home. And build those cowards as away with you. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. I can't. Oh, hey, Rob. Oh, hey, Rob. Oh, hey, Rob. I can't. I can't. Oh, oh, hey. Oh, 10 out to a five, 60 WQM happy Wednesday. Big day today, baby. I don't know why, but you can feel a can you smell it? Yeah, it's in the air everywhere. Big day, gigantic human mistake. I think we'll wish the turning point, you know? And all those children all those childish right wing hateful obnoxious disgusting curls. That's what they are. D.K.E. is disgusting trolls. We heard so many of them. Yes, they. And they're here from everyday for last few weeks. They're a lot of them come out. Are you intimidated by bushes at the problem? They are you intimidated? Yeah, by history. That's what intimidates me. And tourists don't mean they didn't want to cause off the air yesterday. But all the way, I'm not going to pull this all over. But guess what? I'm going to send them. Yeah, I'm not going to mistaken the sun. Send them. That has to be my mistake. Isn't it? No, no. Right under front page. Will their latest Florida Pearl showing nice statistical dead heat? Which ever? I don't understand. Like, go as a head by two points. It wasn't a statistical dead heat. Now they got bushhead and thought about five points. It is a statistical dead heat. I don't get it. But anyway, the sun sent on a fun paid article today, which is totally behind the time. Totally wrong. From the very first paragraph, what I'm sure in its entirety. It says, in an apparent reversal that reflects dreams in the rest of the country. By the way, nice going nuts. I want to thank God, happy and peace. And that's our post George Steinberg. See, look at his personal report. He looks like he's got a mask of death on his face. Bye, Bar. I don't think it's going to be too long. He definitely has the mask of death written all over his posts. In an apparent reversal that reflects trends in the rest of the country. See, there we go. The public endured WWE voices. Edging never cried out going forward. And the parable aftermath of the presidential debate. And then it goes on to say, the shift away from gross significant point of observance because it's consistent with pros and cons around the country that show bush moving ahead since this week. Yeah. Hey, to break the news here for some, but as usual, why they're in a fun paid? You guess they went out through the hero by having the mistakes on the fun paid? Every major pool now, even though it's razor tight, every major pool now shows. Go ahead. The latest MSN, what is it, Waters MSNBC, their track in pool shows 45 to 42 for Gor today. Even CNN, which over the weekend had bushyed by 6000 points, all of a sudden they got Gor ahead by a point, which for them is quite a conception seen at Gallop interviews 99% of Republicans. And in spite of that, Gor still had by a point. The CBS football got or Gor up by two points. I think I like that. Yeah, I like it. And like Bob threw it on sea, Bob threw it on a set of different majors who who was on with our good buddy, probably should be there last night. He had been and also had crotch. He had they both admitted that if he election were right now, Bush had probably wouldn't but it's not right now, it's like a, or a suly semester day. And the fact is that each and every day and he's pulling in the pool's grossed, getting more advantage, pulling a little bit farther away, opening up a little bit of a lead. And of course when people see this round report yesterday, challenging Bush's claims and education in Texas, they're going to say, hey, did this guy's the biggest wire of them on? I mean, they're all about your wires, you know that. But they were just guys the big wire. I would put a raise by a respective think tank raises questions about one of Texas Governor George W.S. keep both considering his record on cubic education. That's during his tenure, the gap in scores between right minority students on the state standardized test has now been submitted. What crap? He's absolutely for crap. The non-partisan rank corporation's quality found that the record breaking test score gains are many black and Hispanic students in Texas, apparently the result of intense drilling the past this standardized test, test that the coaching does not help the youngsters become proficient in this, and that it might be great education. And also said a massive numbers of Texas school dropouts, this evening, this leading shrink to test score gap. So guess what? Another first claim. The land studies supports the views of many Texas teachers and structures in the state teacher colleges and critics are standardized testing who say Bush is overstated as a achievements in cubic education. The reports and for the findings that minority students games on the Texas assessment of academic skills test are partly illusory and not reflected in batteries and other tests. How do you want to ask? Sounds like fuzzy math today. If you ask me, sounds like they're fuzzy all subjects. If there is dumb and serious, so maybe that new book out because your children learn not so good. In Texas. How do you want to ask that? How that poor come out yesterday? New York, I'm so glad you asked. And he's out here today anyway. Not that he would care. Fan hates in New York, I believe. I'm the one guys that know that. But from one he's going to be on the blockage going to be on the nightclutch. So if I was used to be booked, who's the only WCQA in personality was that question yesterday? Hank Leibberg, 264, 40.4% for fat hang. You're 160, I thought I'd have 60. It was hysterical. And guess who was the second place who's almost never even on the station? Well guess, 136, 20, 20, 20%, I was third, which I thought I could do a lot better than that with only 90, 13.7%. Josh Friedman, sight unseen. This is quite a tribute to his go test with. Is that when even almost nobody on his ever seen him, they already know they can smell it a million miles away. They can smell the aroma of our regiments, or go test-grey. Josh Friedman with 35 came in a respectable fourth place, 5.3%. Followed by Joe Rose with 26, but a Joe Jr. had 23. Jim Mandates 19, Yelder 17, BV15, Medicaid 10, or it's every fushing, one one of the places. The positive fushers. I hate this thing. And he would tend to move with a Joe Custella with six and both hampered only four. Because like I said, people are very scared of both hampered. He's big and mean and the beat to crap out of you if you mess with him. Here's some bad news for the core Lieberman camp. Lieberman urges religion discussion. I'm getting that in a second. He made me, who's out again seeing in a little while ago. Makes my skin crawl. Oh yeah. He's the a chicken and rib pile. He's the impediment. I mean, they're saying Neder and of course, I thought they had Donny, who's a daughter, and he needed this point. He just totally lost it to much her. He can't keep pecking with more autonomous, I think. I'm in the married. I think it's the married? Yeah, that girl. Oh, that girl. So anyway, all that. What's he's Lebanese? Any Danny Thomas? One of those irrelevant. You probably like her. But anyway, I like her. I see fine. But I like I say too much. He's thinking of being a Thomas made, Donny, who just loses. They're saying that Neder is the impediment to trigger the rib pile. And that's two to a point. But it's really a juleyberman that's a juleyberman that's a juleyberman. And a rib pile. Because they'll say it again. Cheney just buried him. All the polls they've ever seen to them. They don't like juleyberman. And not just I mean, they're certain people don't like him because he's Jewish. I don't like him because he's too Jewish. He's not really Jewish. He's obsessively Jewish. And I just, I have a real red disfade for people who are obsessively anything. Anything. You know what I'm saying? I like that to be an example. She had a pill that didn't because they were having a flex that lot. I was killed then. See, there you go. Now you feel better now? Oh, no good. It's like every morning, those people out there have an eruptime and I'll have an a bad day when you get up in the morning and you say, Oh, God damn, juleyberman. And then you'll feel better. Yeah, just when you're looking in the mirror, show me the morning. God damn those juleyberman. Works for me. There you go. Oh, you're talking about roaders. 10 pounds, 10 at 5. 60, W.Q. No question of the further I know these used to be for that big stress for information and double each 2 a.m. Be low. I can't cook and cook for you. Right, what the has up there. 5. There's a real forest on tireschack. But all the footnups and boots low forest on tires will have all of the all of the boots and brakes. Nobody wants to visit this here. Still on a more. Sales are now in the young as the home state or regular one home. So here at Earl, fire, stone tireschack. We're cleared out the inventory of the five. That's right. It's our fire, stone tire. Pull off sale. See, you're still being into our parts of our and shred into our source. But deals on fire, stone tires that are attic and door or fire, stone tire, we'll also go in the middle where we're always to play two shots. When and out, well, now 10.15 to five, 60 W.Q. and Hector Lind, they got us so good today. I feel like we got a shot. You know what Jimmy said? And look what happened to him. But we got a shot. And it's almost, it's gotten to the point. It's almost like a guy named with a jitter in the Dawson. You know, like out of spite because the bush people are so out of the onccession, so disgusting and so forth. I hate and so just, oh, they make your skin crawl. Yeah. Why are you intimidated by him? Is that the problem? No, I don't like him. Is that okay? Can't stand it. Makes my skin crawl like I just said. Not as much as you, Lugerman though. In fact, my skin is crawling a lot these days. I was looking at his effects from a world of journalism, which I find his facts over the result. And it says, when I've been neutral, what I run and Boston, he's slipped and fell and knew poor and Boston. So you think he slipped and fell both in new court and in Boston or what does that mean? Anyway, his cemetery described to Campbell, he's left on my brother's waist, was I getting him a sublible message since my father answered him. Yes. And better work. Hey, you're okay. So when you overcome these things, it makes you a better person. That's why I look at it. Don't that sound good? I mean, it's corny and it's not true. It's a lie, but it's a rationalization. And in this way, you figure why I'm going to know, I can get the truth through this and not be a better person for it. Whatever it doesn't kill you. And when I can go and see my good friend, we'll use it. We have place again. It might feel okay. Oh, don't say fair, I'll be now. Am I in my ear? Yeah. I'm talking about therapy for my hand, Ma. Come on here, knock on my butt. And you know, something if I was going for like psychological therapy, do a little bit of a special advice couple of weeks, would there be any shock to anybody? Oh, I don't think so. Which reminds me that C-span calls George this morning. Why can you hear this? You know, how C-span goes in my own, especially a election time. And they take talks shows in different markets. You want to complete the pending work. The issues are that they want to get. And they want to come in and take this show. To hear our discussions of the election. And I said to George, I got news for it. So they're going to have to be on here talking about these both those every day. And getting the kind of calls that we do on this show. If you think I need the nationwide embarrassment, I've put news idiots on here. I'll imagine that. Here's these fans sitting here. Here's the first call from South Florida about the big upcoming person. There she is. He's a big. Not a call. And your fact you fact. Oh great. Okay. There's our Florida city about the election coming up. Yeah. Who the hell are you people kidnapped to use PAN? We got a bunch of and there's just my audience. See, and then people could not hear me. I'll share show, you know, you play all those harding sounds. And not just on it. It's this area. This area is over. We just watched the drivers up there. This area is loaded with those those. We got more bosos per squaring than even in the goddamn circus. That's right. Speaking of bosos, I want to take this call a mobile and plantation for a fellow. Hey, yeah. Yes sir. George Bush looks like he has bitter beer face. Don't you think? Better beer person, yeah. He made me. If you see those pills, and I get a little more bitter. Yeah. Well, and I'm not looking at how it's good. Right. If the intimidation factor is anything maybe it's because Usually it intimidators are bullied to don't have anything up there. Now he's not a bully. He's just he's pathetic. You know, you look at him with that. Women's a good look on his face with that this shiver. Great here. Like, you know, he's like a step away from Admo's back there. Who am I and what am I doing here, you know? I think actually it's like a lot of soul. Yeah. Well, things are looking up now. Thanks, there. Okay. See you two weeks from yesterday. I'm not going to be excited about that. I get to vote if the fire station there are 120 first and Bower Boulevard. Oh, man. I got my vote of registration card out. I'm screwed. But first time I'm voting in many many years. I'm highly motivated. And see, I wasn't going to vote just two or three weeks ago. I was going to roll away out. You can't afford to lay out. Leave them in urges. We're rich in discussions. Oh, he is just why why do you need to go away? Well, because these are important. Well, I think that you're really being extremely unfair to my position. And we're just trying to have a civilized, but I along. And the fact that I went for a wine wine, I guess, is just a very accurate reflection of my wounded person now. We don't you get it? Yeah, we get it. South Bend, Indiana, of our places at Notre Dame, he's speaking. First, he was down there at Jorge Mases tombstone the other day. Well, the heavy heart or heavy part, something like that. Now, he's in South Bend, Hawke and a Chinatown to those good five-biscuit Notre Dame. Returning to one of his most cherished and provocative themes, Senator Joseph Lieberman called to you, for a greater work for religion and public discourse as the source of shared more principles and an antidote to the vacuum of values in American culture. So, just keep that in mind, if you're not religious, you can't have values, according to Senator Lieberman. That's the answer, is religion like all those child molestin priests. They have values. When nothing that has become unacceptable, I mean, circles to discuss religion, Lieberman that Democratic nominee provides president and certain speeches in Notre Dame, have been going a long way toward dislodging our values from their natural source in more truth. Well, not the connection to a higher law, he says, have you thought about who you're national? Huh? I do like to say, Salami. He says, a lot of the connection to a higher law becomes more and more difficult for people to answer the important day today, and that test us, why is it wrong to lie or cheat or steal? Why is it wrong to settle conflicts with violence? Why is it wrong to be unfaithful to one spouse who had explored children or to destroy the environment of the court, a custom or demonie who employed he has? I've got the answer, do you believe a man's DNA to do wrong harm? That's my religion, that's all anybody needs. They don't need any higher authority, they don't need the threat of punishment and hell, burning in hell. Everything is a sin, eating too many hotfudges under his existence, enjoying too much sex, back to sin, whatever it is that you enjoy, whatever is that's good, it's a sin. Don't need it. Wave your magic wand, foggy, and just make it all disappear with the world of being a much better place for it. And if you're going to crazy old people like that man and dress, who's forcing people to procreate and have all these unwanted babies, that they can't feed, that society can't support, that there are no jobs for it, that there's a hopeless existence for it. Pathetic, you will be brimming. This is a, he's equivalent for the Democrats, just like Pat Robertson and J. Fawbaugh, Arbor, Arbor, the Republican. I guess everybody's got to have this. Unfortunately, the Democrats have decided to run for vice president. Bad news, take him out of the equation and go to about an eight and nine point lead at least to the way I look at it, with the word Arbor, later. Here's a mobile on plantation, hello. Mobile on plantation. And then, what is this? This is new? Yeah, and then. So, what's up? Yeah. You know what, a bushman is what good for you. Oh, that's a good boy. How we're in between with boys who are going to you, that's a good boy. Now take the shock out of your act of, if you're not your ass, let's see how things go. See, that's what we're going to have with two spin right there. This isn't going to have to really long for good example. He's got 15 pounds of styrofoam crack over his post. He's got the phone stuck for feed into the relectom. Ask. I just want to see what kind of mercy come up with. What you've got to admit, it was pretty weak. 560560, palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Out of town, all those hot shots over there in the West Coast, all those great intellectuals. 877, 785, 6245. Almost during UDF. I mean, here's a mobile info on the other day. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Okay. I definitely believe in the same thing as far as you know, armed to others. I got a short story. I was up in Bokeh. The other day, having lunch and the strength of thing ever happened. The small story short, there was two 80s with two kids sitting there at a Friday's restaurant. Yes, sir. And they were facing us. And the child just continuously screened whenever it wasn't being said. And they were just looking at that direction. The next thing you know, she gets up. Start screen and add me in point in that. You will not talk about my child like this. And then, and then at end, by the walking over me and I was saying excuse me, I said I was never looking in you. I never made a gesture. Now, was it you making women? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. It was a Jewish woman. Oh, Jewish woman. Oh, hey. How do you know she was Jewish? So she was running in the Zazirando armpit? Well, she looked like it. I got to tell you. Well, she looked like a Jew. Anyway. You've been hearing how the George's too much. Anyway. She decided to do a lot of things. She was threatening me with a, in my face. But the one? A Coke. In my face. Yeah, I was going to charge. And with no extra charge, obviously. And the next thing you know, we were trading Coke and trading water. And that's all I got. Good, cutty water. See what I mean? What color did she spend that? Caussie's been back to being listed out on some really prostitutes observation there. That's all you got. That was the only thing that you was worthwhile in your call. That's all you got. That's precisely the truth. Believe me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 5, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, let's keep the girl. And they think we got four hours here. We're going to have times here. Here's our purple today. If couldn't campaigns for gold, it will help make no difference or hurt those chances. But you're simple pretty straightforward. You got it? No. Now, well, think about it for a while. Hey, how it's agized if you're interested in one of our great books on the notes and the book. You're watching the best of a key change since they would be at 1500. If you don't mind up in the predicament that happened last year when they ran out of them. Because I don't assume we're going to make any more. Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why. Why? So are they going to grow like hotcakes? I don't have no idea. If there are anybody working in promotions today because uh, Hein? Some people in the hardware were ballet, kind about the fact that our promotion to projects to be uh, in fact our whole place to the issues to be pretty much out for lunch. Of course, weapons on vacation, and maybe graduates off, or then you're getting a certain station, so I have no idea what to do with it, was, but it seemed like we got to go with Scallon and Kuhihig here there. Yeah. But I get on the horn and give one of those keychain that ordered from our website newurudges.com and wqlm.com or call on the yellows extension to your 565 or 156 because that's what I personally get the keychain to the longer their fams hits. You can get the same reason because that's of course it's specs all of a software including Naples and for Myers no less and all shipping and handling is being donated by Pac Nielsen as a America, 1965 North Not Who Road and Plantation, all proceeds this year benefit plant per and go to the stock pond each and borrow county. Got it? You got it? No. Get it? Here's another one. Hi Ali. Hello? How are you your off-toon? Okay. Very good. How's the topic in the talk? Yeah. Good. What can we do for you, sir? I'd wanted to dominate you. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. That's great. And I believe in DNA. Yeah. Do the harm. Uh huh. And. Do you hear an echo? And. Well, I believe that's okay. 565.0560 pound five. I mean, it gets you spanned and here come on. I mean, I deserve to have been here. So the public realizes that I should probably make about three times when I'm making a lot of money, but I deserve at least three times when I'm making a list of it because trying to make a show out of talking newsboard and this is it. Well, you hear right now. This is it. I'm going to say for 25 years. Used to be in the urban days of the topics in the gas in this older scene, our people. But now it's just younger assholes which we've got an endless applied on here. That's what makes the show so great. And we never run out of assholes, right? Right. Everybody you're looking for many of you, you just in the mirror, you're going to let the lead home. 26th to 10 at five 60 W to 24 you fudge back in. And that can do in cooking and for sure, and then that's great. So get you. Go knock me and go home, yeah. And do your workone And give yourself a good hug a could. I'm a little bit scared of you, but I'm not a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared I'm a little afraid of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, but I'm a little scared of you, so my little thoughts fell a little bit fanfiction, indeed! So many moments of pain so Peer everything and great fun! To sure right on a sports mom! You're plenty fat down, you told me it's been so long time! We got back off and drank so fall! When it looks like a desert, us fliesocracy, to eat the fuck and just like Then everybody turns intoวย! as to China who was more. on the European allies who first such a move would split the NATO alliance and then its greater than American leadership. While we're lucky to be drawn into final stages of the US election campaign, senior European diplomats and officials at NATO headquarters said that the Bush's call for a new division of labor within the Western alliance threatened to, in red principles of shared risk and collective security that have sustained the alliance, the Atlantic military partnership from the 1,5th century. And you like that. Also the governor, who pushed for ensign legislation limiting civil lawsuits, filed his own lawsuit against the Democratic Party, and see what the minor incident involving one of his daughters would like to do. That's right, that can September 8, 1998, enterprise-rende car, little offender benders. So you know what you need to be able to file lawsuit for George W. He likes filing as well. Couldn't serve the papers or confined the bitch. I mean, the United States, the United States. There's Greg Radius says, oh, oh, oh, oh, that's what he said. It's simple like that. Gorg, don't forget, if we find out that he voted for Bush, we're locking him up. He's a poor person. He was worth about no yesterday. And he was in here. He said, oh, I don't know. He tells so many lies. Well, you ought to be used to that. He ought to be able to relate to him. God, in fact, the business ought to love Gorg. Although I didn't get paid today. And I just got on Brad, got paid on 10th and head away to check, but because they screwed up the original, but I'll take it anyway. In any form, even the Bush will basket. Gorg, what you have four times the rest. I don't want to start pushing you around. But we can't afford to lose any votes. So Greg Green's vote in three hours. Oh, George would vote for four times if he wasn't a legal alien. Some of the votes seven or eight just to make up for you. Thanks for what I've voted for me. You should vote my vote in. I'll have to root with all right. And I'll vote for him and both of our friends. Well, she'll just have a lot until she married you five six seven over five six six five six five five six the honor to how about I do a Cuban friend to what they were for George. I guess. Oh, I don't have any Cuban friends. I'm about your Cuban friends. Is your mother voting? No, she is. Yes. And she's not voting. No. Oh, good. Yes. That's the best. That's the best news I heard. I'm not in your mama. I'll call the Anolation Day. She would never have found it. And the program we see is here. Here's some mobile and plantation. Well, yeah. Good morning. Yes, sir. It's in a couple weeks when you go to your polling place, you're going to be going to the wrong polling place. What do you mean by that? I had a wrong administration card. Well, you said you're going to 120 first of the hour. It's been changed. Well, how much was the Nobel? Well, I was just telling you I just got a new book. I was right. I was right. Fire station number three, 120 one-on-one West Bally, Voldemort of Identations is right. That was in 1875. Now you're going to go to Victoria Park. What? Yes. Where you're going? A hundred and 18th and some ice. How long now how do I know that? Well, I'm I'm telling you I just got on the paper yours on the bat six long staff. I just got a new voter's registration card. That's where I'm supposed to go. You mean a little park where there's anybody in there? That's the long. I've never been there before. Well, what were you going to vote in that place? There's nobody there. There's a little building there. Is that what I'm going to believe? I think I have a portal left. Yeah. And that's probably going. But that's that is your voting place. You better check that out before I go. Well, I could walk up there. Absolutely. Because in my opinion, say, I don't want to have to go too far from home. That's the nurse. Okay. Thanks. You're all. Now how do we supposed to know that? See what I mean about making it more difficult for people to vote. They're always bitching. All of the American people, you're a bunch of long kids, which is true. But I mean, even sitting on a side, long kids have a wife to vote. And they just keep making it harder and harder and the voting thing too. God damn it. Now see if he wouldn't have called me. I would have gone over there. I'll bush you. I'd know excited to never said, oh, you're in a wrong place. Maybe. Assuming that, I mean, here's what my neighbors, he wouldn't screw out. They really go. Victoria Park, there's nothing there. You know what it is? It's like that empty, they made a park there. Nobody uses it. Nobody goes there. Nobody does anything. They got like a bike trail there and there's nothing there. I'm corner sunrise and what do you say? sunrise of one or one. They keep. Here's a mobile info on it. Hello. Yes, sir. We have got the warm information. He's supposed to go to volunteer park, which is a new building that was just go by the city of playing nation. And it's supposed to be part of the new park system that seems developed. It's why I'm sunrise full of water and 118. It's a traffic tour of your park. And it's not that small park, that's more to them. It's like new bits of facilities that was built on sunrise and 118. When you've been facility, what are you talking about? The volunteer park auditorium. The new building that the city's on station is not one audit. There's no audit. There's no audit. Troy, I'm on sunrise and 118. You have to live. There's no audit. There's no audit. You got to go over the ones in a while. There really need to go over there. It's like a two-blurve, four-blurve, five-blurve to my house. It's a brand of facility, 15,000 square foot building. Okay, thanks. I think you ought to know what's on that corner. There's a 15,000 square foot building on the corner 118.3. And right. There's now a look at trees. These are blue here, obviously, bush people. See, that's how desperately they are. Trying to do this. Yeah, they figured my one vote that could be edge. And it could be. So, let's spend from natural tour clock Friday, I want to go for the vote. That induces this is pathetic. This is tragic. Now, what's the victory of park? What was your favorite guy say? McCarty Park, the designer park, something with the V, who's with the V? Venus Park, bread park, or speaking of bread park, how about those patches? I'm a crum on. Only 6,000 MP, a senior, also a piglet for the right game against all of my playing anybody that good with the Fenrir Stemwick, champion and juicy devil. And I try to say yes to them. Never tune anybody out again for not sure about, but because the prices are ridiculous, they break the food prices again. The look at putting what I saw on Sunday there's no way that if I forgot, if we want that course in fact, it's my kitty corner from Victoria Park. If we want that course to my house, I don't think I would go to a person with three piglets. Find a play for those? No way. See, I hate to make the news to people on the organization, but the public, if you're going to soak them at our memory leg in the fruits that help out them, they want to grow up in the sea of shell and they also want to be entertained and in an environment that's enjoyable as opposed to that true Amy sample, like first of whatever her name is, that's a bitch from Channel 7. And then they got that band playing hour shuttle, being my first, or opportunity to be mowed by that. How about making a new, and then send the PA and also that we used to know and love they got with the hand and they got this new guy, which you hit on a spot that played for sounds like a 10 year old child. Oh man, they just, they won't listen to anybody, they haven't got a clue, they just haven't got a clue. And I wonder if there's all those thousands of NPCs in the local on the league of the attendants, I looked at last night's games on a separate MSC in New York, where there were a lot of people missing because they were community, uh, nuts game, but never less they still had a cell out, they saw all the tickets like they have for years. But even in Montreal, 2000 NPCs, I'm so pretty good to all among the kids, but here it's really bad. I mean, it's real bad. Better get it in here for you soon, Boyz DM and TM, or it's gonna be oscillating, or I still have used the baby. How's going? We'll go on. Let's put him into coach. 24, 11, 5, 60, W2F. But Neil Roger shows, sports radio, 5, 60, and you, hey, hey, if you blow too much, you're in trouble. Now settled on, man, as you all know, we can no longer put up the 10 commandments in our classroom. Additionally, in an effort to avoid sending anyone who might have been politically or ethnically offended by our pledge of allegiance. The politically correct our emergency department has rewritten the pledge, so as to be completely non-sectarian and non-fensive to any special interests or protests group. So, let's begin. I've out of fairly firm night devotion to any symbol I choose from whatever my ancestors can see aboard in Mayday. And to the congratulations of various special interests groups that yet symbolize it. A diverse melting pot, under a deity that nail main art experience with the discretion to be devised at our own camp. And freedom to burn this symbol or I see it enough and whenever we see it in the camp. Yeah, 1045 or 5, 60 W2F. So, Wayne Arnold said, what he votes where a panel number, and Howard, the courthouse annex, may have an office of voter registration and whatever right there, you know, you can fill out your little card. And all of our pledge, I gained an 87-2 office home on a corner by my house there. Then again, so as I cross your feet from my house and I just missed it because I'm not really observant, I had a lot of pain from my arms. They'll get two hundred dollar bill of the trees. And that might be it. This person's pathetic that you can't even find out where to have your supposed to vote and you wonder why people don't vote. You wonder why people because you want to blame them, is that what it is? Jesus, K Christ, Mary, we got a pair of tickets for lights again. Anybody interested in that game? No, I'm going. Just out of boredom, so I guess I'll go for a while and see, I just have bad at get. We got to pair right up on the glass. What does the session, if you say 133, where are one? Is that what you say? Session 133, where are you wrong? Right in the front, where right up, even put your nose on the glass. Take a look at the winning, see if you still look at the games, you didn't take a look at the power, see if he's got a one-two-piece body. Or maybe that's what's clear a lot of things, but all the way, looks like Pabels, versus Biggest Antichloric over. Maybe they had like a swath, a little exchange, a problem going there. Here's a motor and Pabble Pines, you know? Okay, I need to explain something to me. Can you explain exactly? I don't understand why your person all these people to vote. Can you explain me why you vote for the petal? Is that going to understand voting for local government state? Well, what do you say? And my local on state doesn't appoint Supreme Court in federal judges, that's why. And then they have a great name. No judge, you're better like the president. How do you know that? Because the electoral court court. So let me say it again, whoever wins the vote of your 25 electoral votes, which will be very well could be the difference. If you were in Delaware, I would say well, I get a maybe where I could have made very much different. Florida could be the approval state. Sure. If I vote for Gore, and you vote for Bush. Yeah, and Bush wins, which is my local? It's where it's what does that mean? Well, so so that there was why verb many election. If you voted for if you voted for Clay Shaw, I voted for Elaine Bloom. And the one that you didn't vote for, which word did you vote for? What kind of logic is there? I've heard some stupid racializations in my life. That's pathetic. Both candidates can't win, sir. They can't vote win. Is that what? Is that what? Is that what word make it worth voting? Is there as long as the candidate you voted for, win? No. So what are you saying? What are you talking about? General public doesn't work the president. So why need? Well, so what do you want your votes come from? Those are where they come from. And the president always been elected by. Oh, God. For all that said, get to you spend in here. Come on. They look sport about it. I think how are how many minutes you think before they put their get all their crap together and get on it here? Can you just see them on the way up to the, oh, crap, we're getting a lot of here. These people are crazy. Kind of a show is this. Hey, I ask myself that every day or two will cross, but I got to check in my pocket. Thank you. How about the science guy? You know, the people who do this sir, you're a lazy piece of crap. I've been lazy for many many years. This year I'm going to vote. I'm not that improves about how good to say the best. But the fact is I'm real on to the against the other one. And against the people that you stay in for an issue mounted by and everything that they're all about. Okay, we got it. They're all about one thing, intolerant selfishness hate and intolerant, like I said, three things. Five, six, seven. And you see the fact that we're giving away that's very difficult, my passive juicer game and not even all the lines are there. But I've got a red tag right there. What does that tell you? That's one, six, I guarantee you still don't work because the program director drops a one-on-baked patient and nobody bothered getting the guy being informed face. I mean, that's this sloppyness, this lack, this lack is a Todd Dweckler. That's thought that he doesn't care about. He hasn't care about the fact that the property is delivered and doesn't make any sense. And I'm supposed to make chopler rather a dog crap. They just don't care. It was that when we first came here three years ago, it's that way. Now it will always do that way here because it's the beefley effort away. They just fixed their way too live. And like I told you, probably this morning, just take the money. First take the money. I could have this thing as a path again, I mean, if they lose every game, the rest of the year, which is a possibility, the way they're grown. Just take the money. We're doing the best we can. I try to get people out there. I try to win general, we're like Simon will superb. Nobody cares. And it's not only just the fact this is a thumb fork town, which it always has been always real. That's the part of it. The perfect is, I mean, you're just pricing everybody out of the hour. And you put not a crap but product. How about the next shame? How about the end environment, which people get enjoyed, and said, the constant time and I'm not a, you know, three hours of that. You walk out of there. So you're lucky. You need therapy. Or I'll say therapy again. How about just from my hand? In my hand, will be traveling. And what we, I don't, I don't think it will be traveling from, uh, applauding and chewing or was panted well. So I could be wrong, but I have a feeling. You know what I'm saying? I was thinking, feeling to put them out. Perfect. All I want to do is find out whether or not I'm going for it. That's all I would like to do. I looked at my photo registration code this morning. I made a mistake of saying on a year where it was. And I've had 72 different people, the buildings that hadn't been even been built yet. There's a 95,000 feet city amount of corner of sunrise and 180 tables. And somehow, even though I drive by there every day, 50 times, I haven't seen it. Yeah. There's a whole complex. There's a, there's a sports complex. There's a arena. There's a baseball stadium, the John Henry has in the Discovery area either. It's right there on a corner. And it's not that far from stake in check. Here's Merlemore. Hello. Maybe I can go to stake in check. Merlemore. Hello, what more? In here? Yes, yes. It's like a speaking view. Not all of the early people are coming for a push on push. This is one guy who does no kind of pronounce the name. Yeah. We now let's go. The main class is on the street coming in and cut the top. We are going to get this back now to see everybody. Because that's the nurses' support. We have to get more states up. Take the social security money. You want to put it in one. When that bank goes up there, I will be going to pee. I don't know what Merlemore is going to be. Merlemore is really what they can just write. He cutting stuff. That's all. All he is. I don't want much from my just want to go away. That's all. I don't want to go away. I don't want to go away. All he just is his technical secret. Sound of my door. You want to uh, he'll be showing him one. Sound of a change in one single. Then his wife will not show you the number one of them. Really, obviously there are people. You know, are the person out there people that are living. Okay. I appreciate you. Thank you very much. Okay. I'll see you at the stadium where we all vote. Yeah, that's where everybody vote. There's this big joint. There's big place. That's what we're going to do today. We're going to find out where we all vote. We are even in Dave Broward, Monday West Coast. We all vote in the, I think we're voting in that Tico Reno for the report Myers in uh, what is it? Only go. No, it's not only go to Stero. That's where we're voting. I'm getting a stericol about it. Just trying to, just trying to find out where the head is supposed to go and vote. It only takes about five minutes. That's all it takes to visually. What be any lines early in the morning when I'm going. In fact, I probably have to get up around six. The polls open at seven. I'll get up around and go out at six and I'll try a few different spots. Is this why I voted over here? No, how about over here? No. Is this why I belong? No. No. Probably I'll run by a bunch of bush operators. Any of the group, because they know that you're so good, they tell you, you can't vote here. Here's plantation. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, it's a pleasure. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, five, sixty on the 18 key and provides them over one. I'd thought it was a mayor. Here it is. That was mayor, Buffy. Yeah, old fart, crushed you at 420 years old. You're good. Yeah. Here's a moment of plantation, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, man, I'd follow you, no, I drive for work and I'm not a solicitation anymore. The day is in New Complex right over there by that. It's a, it's from a Southwest corner of 18. The Southwest corner of 18. Some of them. Yeah, you know what that Apple Park is? Or a question for the Roger horses? That does make believe, Park. Yeah. Yeah, more tracks to track on North of that. Make they both ground out about 34 months ago in the early summer. They're done with it? Yes, sir. I must be oblivious. I must have blinded them. Yeah, I used to do that, maybe. I don't know if you're in the South South of the other side, but I know that all where I put you on like some building about four months. Okay, well, when I go home, they're going to go a scour. I'm going to go over there and search like crazy. You can't miss it. It's on sunrise. Okay, thank you. It's face to sunrise. Okay. Yeah, man. Do I really many of these people go? No. He I saw that movie with Charles Way and who's in the English movement? Wasn't either the gaslight where he's trying to drive a crazy. That was a great movie. Not for good track movie. I believe wasn't it? I saw that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, on the 18th. Two bad people have Seatsman here for five. You'll be no already. Nobody said anything. Although I did like that cowardly Ed, the Schmidt had guy. He was good. How I, he was good. My dad. And he was good. That sounded like mighty build in the voice. That was mighty build. You know, maddie. He's an asshole. Yeah. And where is those numbers? I don't have the disk yet. He didn't have the disk. Hey, Maddie. Come on, my, my, my, my, my. Yeah. 52 votes in our fourth. Cvitten campaign for goal of a help course cancels 32, Percore's cancels 14, make no difference. 6. Oh, and then there is one of the shows last night they're ready to be. You know, the news shows that always have to have one for goal, and one for blows. One whose like all pushed up and crept at the time and say like confused. So they had one the young Horrio guy out there and they were Zimmer in California. And it is a little bit of a robustness about August 6th Spanish. And I just went out of, you know, that the 8650 routine is, yeah. The 50, the 866. My little dog speaks, in fact, the Taco Bell dog speaks Spanish a thousand times better than W. I'm not sure what's the biggest in English for good about this, but you know. Oh, God. 10565, 52. 435, 56, 52. AM, I have a portloader sale of measly broadcast brooksage, wtwm.com, or no more. Recent court rulings, considering the sexual orientation of scout masters, has made it nearly impossible for the average parent to know what kind of scouting experience their son can expect. But one organization has a reason to make things perfectly clear. The gay scouts. OK, true. OK, I've been ditching it 10th for hours. Oh, good. The gay scouts will teach your son the art as self-preservation in the wild. I'm in this natural white. How are we going to get this pie going? That's OK. We can make our own body. Well, your son joins the gay scouts. He'll hear late night ghost stories. And when the severed body was found, he was wearing a Donna Coran on some with clashing the palpit of an out-of-season scoul labor. Oh, what about with the care we have been on ever? So if you want your son to bond with other like-minded young men, have him joined the gay scouts today, where our motto is. OK. Let me talk about it. OK. Number clocked at five six to WCW. We got brooksage for Hankish at him. We're Hankless Pound. That's been voted to be August 2 in personality. He couldn't have said no. He was like, well, I don't think he can. Anyway, I heard him say that last week. I catch a game of two in the series. So the brooksage will be there. The film was big shoes. And then we got jelly on game night. Six o'clock tonight. Jelly on game night from the hard rock cafe. Over there. Right by that big arena that they just built, not far from the sawdways. And then we got the dead. The dead were from the panthers. Seven o'clock to pre-game. Game time. Seven pitty with Judge McDonald. And then we'll see his game in the before and progress. After our hockey game after the panthers. You're going to do it. You're going to do it. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty. You know, it really just amazed me. I was just reading some, I'm getting all the stuff over the facts. Most of which is pretty interesting. I don't want to worry with her on New York because none of you care about it. But the fact is, like somebody said, the other day, in fact he was your Republican. And he was one of our few rational honest Republicans who said that the right way you're going to be motivated. He's right. They're highly motivated. They're starving. They're forming it to mouth. The equipment haters, the bubbahaters, they're forming it to mouth. And the rest of you, and you can tell from this problem. Yeah. Yeah, the rest of you all shouldn't backlash. And of course, we got to look at the different elements. You got to do factors. The old Jews, they're all pissed off of me because I won't cause you up to Jewelry women. And I'm not going to say, because you have to anybody that I don't agree. And he's got the Nazis. He's disgusting. He's never even the any. All he needs is the past and the, and the Ammake and the guy being Marish Makar on his head. Just to be one of the, the hot sedemes, all he needs. Those are the causes. Everything that we can't stand about Orthodox Jews. That's him. All these liibus you go over there are rocket and roll against the waiting wall over there. What all is of the crazy hot sedemes. And believe me, if he had the opportunity, he would. Makes me nauseous. While you don't understand your kitchen, I follow a bush people about it. Too bad. That's my comment to that. So I wrote through this every three years at a washing climb. And there's a certain quality of it. They go away or they just kick their stuff. Too bad. I'm going to sit here and express my pain. That's what they pay me to do. And if you don't like it, P.O. Okay. Too bad. In addition to which you, like you said, that's a big part of our concert audience anyway. All those right wingers out there who did you agree with just about everything I say, but just the exclusion itself for hours between 10 and 2 here. Like that crusty or fart and plantation, the mirror. Where is that bag? That's a bag. Right here. Take a look. I'm a little safer, man. Holds you. Here's a moment before water down. How you doing there? Okay, sir. Yes? Yes. How you doing? You haven't been pretty good, sir. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 860 and 1060 and 1160 and 1160 and 1160. Here's a Miami car. Hello. Oh, the audio device. Okay. Hey, I was wondering. Are you looking up at ticket? How about your party? The tickets. For the hockey game. What hockey game? You said you were giving up at ticket so hockey game? What hockey game? What hockey game is in? Do you want to boil up today? Who's 10? I've never been to hockey game. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 660. See, if you don't even know who's playing. I mean, I'm not going to give it something tickets right now. He wouldn't know Scott. Neither way from robbing. Neither way from robbing. He's not trying to believe me. He's not even know he is trying to believe me. He won't be playing much either. He'll be in uniform. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the 880 and 1080 and 1080 and 1080 and 1080. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Deal. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Okay. I just wanted to let you know. You turned me on to that little red caboose. Yeah. And the great. I'm much from driven by there. There are 200 times and didn't know they had those old hamburgers. Uh-huh. And just loved them. Yeah. And just want to pay attention for that. And I wanted to get your opinion if we didn't have liberal men. You think you got a better chance? Yes. Yes. Yes. I think if you had similar dickhead partners, you know, on there would be great. There were a bunch of people who could be on the ticket with him. How about they got to know, sorry from the Jews who did it was on last night. There are resilient people. Yeah. And one other thing. No. What is it? Is it a tension plant tonight? No. Is that it? No. Not playing. You could have those tickets? No. Five, six, seven, five, six. You can't find five students. Got calls and pretend you're talking to me about something else. And there's a redweeds walking around with these grubbugs. Oh, no. Now he's come out of the closet, so to speak. What a big smile on this post. I'm still trying to figure out what to help out. I can't find out where you're home, suppose to go and look. What is wild at this town? And you wonder why we don't vote. I have voted about 100 years. It's like now that I think about it. I'm thinking about it. I'm thinking about it. I'm thinking maybe back into a soda. I don't think so. I voted Michigan. I'll tell you that. FNA. voted for a human company. Nineteen, six, eight. How's it going? I'm not going to go. I'm going to go. Yeah. What about human? Eighth. You know that? Five, six, seven, five. I mean, what kind of business do you can't find out where to go vote? And then they really, they whip the public because we were on involved and we're not in Phu G. Ashdake and we don't participate. Listen, how about having, how about they have the ice cream, ice cream, truck, come around the neighborhood. You know the moment with the bells, those two ice cream trucks. I can't think they have the voter that I think come around in the hood. Well, summer hood. Here's another one, Tamarack, hello. Yes, sure. What's going on, Captain? I've been down here for about eight years now, right? Never registered the vote this year. Definitely. We can't let that clown bush get in. Yeah. I'm going to definitely for Gore. So I'm going to get some another Gore for Ag. I'm a little bit of this guy. Get in. I get it. We'll be two stepping all kinds of news. That's right. I'm telling you. If you get there, we got three trips to that park, let across from there. That's the thing that they just built by my house. Free summer vacation. Five six and get to Spain and here come on. Get the channel seven, get channel two, four and six. Who do we appreciate? Good to channel eight. Oh, really? Yeah, get clamming in here. You're with a little clam. And then they would take. See, that's why we don't have a show on any part. This is kind of crap that he's got on the show. See, if they were to put any work in the natural, you put any, it first of all, people could have heard the audio that would help. That was, we actually, if I were to have a word that had any brains, which I don't, that really would have had some pause. He would have sued their ass. Right? Am I right? What they'd do to me, I wouldn't do the goddamn ever brown. Or Cheryl. I mean, I just, I'm believable. What they did. Literally technically, it was, and then I kept telling them, don't put the calls on. It's only like a 20 minute show, but you take the spot out of there. But it calls on, put me on there. I don't know what it's saying from the makes sense. That's provocative. If you want a little bit of humor, you're going to get it from me, not these Bozo colors. I don't know what Maddie wants for on calls on it. And then they would put calls on there from these people, why I've heard them go too long, which I can fetch. That can those days I was still doing that, which I don't even know very often. There's long, timeless calls that went nowhere. And then they wonder why nobody would watch that. First of all, it couldn't hurt. I mean, the second couldn't hear it didn't have to much either. And in spite of that, I still get all these people. Oh yeah, remember you're showing on Randy, what time is that thing on? Just an agent would have been done with any, any even, just a little bit of involvement, a little bit of something. I'm just gonna think about those little five six seven five six, five six, the compound five six, the only AT&T and Verizon whatever's wrong. What are you, what is wrong with you? Just help you, just so are such a silly person since you did better shows on eating ass. You know, just never recovered from that. Watch this came to mind when I was thinking about eight minutes after a lot of the five six, yeah, something you've read. Here I said that. Now you're gonna hit people when it all upset. Who's gonna hit this morning giving you a big sign today, and to about all his domestic problems? I gotta get my, my therapy, my hand therapy that is, I go there in my loos. We are great release, but I'm sitting there and she's got me as a cat of audience, cause she's squeezing my hand real hard to. And she, I hear the whole wife story. And by the big, by the big, by the, by the, not for her son, that bitch, ah. All right. You know what I can use right now? These are big fat women, Michael Bush. That's right. A big fat cigar from Nick. It's legal. And we'll be legal for us to have some truth. Did we have any? Do we have any? No, no, because bank, mayor, isn't it? So. But you know, care about that. We do cause we're pretty pissed off about it. We can't seem to reflect any change on that. We have some session with whole truth. For evening Governor Bush, I present on F-R-U, or did you, uh, do you have informed in guiding principles for exercise and the normal So you don't believe that says a girl that you should take sides of this, it was all this crazy. A lot of people pushing me. We denies the situation, we declare itself and not be so neutral. I'm not. I'm not. No, if I got that wrong. I'll figure out a little question. But there's a doubt about it. What the hell is that? That's a lot of trouble. What the, the, the, the, no, right, did you, let's move on. Vice President Gore, would you support our sign as President of federal law of banning racial profile and by police and other authorities at all levels of government. And they were simply taking the consent. Governor, both of them really were in the anti-category change, they were sympathetic, they rethinking their views on same sex relationships, but your position. Thank you, Vice President Gore. So you're next week, for now, from Wednesday to Saturday, I'm going to be a part of the country. And I'm going to be a part of the country. And Vice President, Bruno, the fire coach, Pat Burr, I like that. Harry said, and that she took is going to have to pay him off that year for not working, which he didn't want to do. And Mike Keenan, according to Guelder, got the release in front of me here. The, uh, Bruno's fire coach, Pat Burr, and following a tumultuous off season, which men have been blamed in for the names problems last year, but decided to keep him on. The team had opened the season 3-0 and one brought the last several games, and he got in the tank, and he's going to be the skick-oats. Pat Burr, in the early last more than two years, any place, he was on a further starting at third, but two years is about as much as Pat Lai's Montreal, Toronto, where we're a good guy for about two years, that's it. The team said it would be in the success of another cross this morning, it's now 11-16. And it says, Boston Hill reported Ranger Coach, former Ranger Coach, my Keenan was a favorite in Germany says he's in, my Keenan. So if you think they had problems with Pat Burr, and wait to laugh to put up with my Keenan, huh? And he has to put up with Cheap Harry Sinton. So here's somebody who factors me this thing about Nalatzi, the Bush Camps and this, uh, the bring bubble on, yeah, bring bubble on and bring up the monochasing against what they don't understand is that that would blow up in their face, because if we can't, they start with at monochining the impeachment stuff again, the public gets more and more pissed off, and he keeps thinking about that $60 million that the good is spent on go to the goddamn mobile park or something like that, or go to that new Victoria Park place. So here's the facts, where do I vote? What's the website? Somebody factors me a thing here from Jane Kale, Bauer 2, revised a selection, and there's a website here, but I'll see what it is. It doesn't say anything, it just is here, uh, oh, I see in the bottom, www.browords.org slash voting slash info.htcm. By the time you get to put all that crap in here, you could have gotten voted four or five times. You could have gone around the goddamn neighborhood and find out where you went to vote. This is, this is embarrassing. But on for an hour and 17 minutes and I still can't find out where to go and cast my vote, which might be to the sighting one. You do understand that. And my people want to put, and for that ass will be for it, might give the 25 electoral votes to gore. And if I don't go, if I wind up being a crap, or some asshole might go out there and vote for Ralph Nader, because they like Phil Donnie, who, oh boy, you talk about tragic. He was out there standing in front of Shaste City and he put a baseball game last night and saying the same stupid idiotic things, same old tired crap. And Bill Preske, saying, you know, I really admired you very much back in the days before your brain got scammed, but I really thought you were great. Phil, here's a model in Boker, hello? Yes, sir. Hey Neil. I live in the North Fakers on the other side of Sunrise. And there is a volunteer park. It is brand new. The only reason it's kind of hard to notice, it's set back from Sunrise and 118th Street about 100 yards. Oh, I haven't been in it. It's in the corner of that property and that is where we vote. It is where we vote? Yes. Well, that's great. I can walk right over there. Oh, I'm a first time caller. I'm a first time caller. I'm a first time caller. I'm a first time caller. I'm a first time caller. Thanks. Thanks a lot. Thank you. There's a guy who started rational. It's not like he knew what he was talking about. And I don't feel quite so stupid because the fact that I can't see this block, what he said by a bunch of Malawlookatries. There's something like that. Probably because plantation is infected with Malawlookatries. And also with a police chief who's a lunatic. If there was probably the chief that called before, the one I was about, hey, Jew, fact that one. Yeah, you make up those rules as you go along. You drive a 90 in your car vet. No, I'm not. To just because somebody drives a Corvette or really hot car doesn't mean that they're irresponsible driver. Like most of you people out there are. Believe me, I've seen you driving. It's trucks, the blows. You know what really bugs me, I mean, everyday I could take one thing that drives me nuts about the way these people drive. You're approaching a school zone. Like when you come off the stadium, the turn by the way by the stadium and you come around, honey, he'll road to come here and make that left hand turn. And then, and why there's not a stop light there. I still have no idea why because there are all these terrified, timid people that refuse to make the turn and they got to be ready backed up. And we're waiting. Are you going to turn now? It's pretty clear about 100 miles in each direction. And then it's a very short distance from where you make the turn to where the school zone starts. By the little forces, I mean, it will school over there. And what they'll do like this morning, I had some, a shwarx, I mean, somewhat dark lady in an SUV. Dark lady in the dark SUV. And she's there a lot and long from behind. Just totally oblivious. I mean, ladies, don't you understand there's a reason why the cars appear all of his stop in their slowdown and crawling along. It's a squirrel zone used to bid, bitch, you idiotic swap. It's a freaking squirrel zone. See you next time, honey. But hopefully not on the same road at the same time. And they act like they're so glad they're impatient because first of all the speed limits very often there are perkers under the overpass there or over the underpass over you look at it. And they enforce that 35 like life and death because it's right going to the school zone. And the speed limits we know are not 150 to the goddamn school zone. It's 15 thick in miles an hour in addition, which you got to always car stop there. You're not going anywhere. It's like people are getting very impatient because you're slowing down for a red light that's a handy there. And they want to be second at the red light. They're in a big hurry. They want you to haul ass and slam on your break. We'll see your breaks are going to last a lot longer. If you don't slam on your break, there's no point in doing it. Only stupid people do that. His haul ass to get to the goddamn intersection and slam on the break for the red light. They don't freaking know how to drive. And I'm going to say it again, man that to a vehicle inspection desperately needed in this God forsaken. They're not just the old tube up your echo. That was a part of it. That was just a scam to get your 10 bucks. But real vehicle inspection. And then I had, remember that brought it up last week and some old, ah, we are a huge set of abit. We don't want to be bothered with that. But you don't want to be bothered with it because you're responsible. You're the ones that the goddamn chief is talking about who make it up as you go along. No headlights, no tail lights, no goddamn breaks, bald tires. And you're out there like a guy being driver. And your head comes up to the bottom of the freaking steering wheel. And your death dumb and blind and just got you in a six year renewal or a driver license in the mail from the freaking state of Florida for everybody's a driver. She has one good thing. You go to your nearby convenience store or your, your mini market at the gas station. You can buy your lottery tickets and also get your driver license to the Boxer Packer Jack. It's great. It's sensational. Everybody here's a driver. One percentage. How many people since, in the last 50 years, how many people you think got turned down for drivers license in the state of Florida? Yeah, that's what I would say. Here's a call in Miramar. Hello. Hey, Glen from Miramar here. Yes sir. Hey, when you're not, you know what a, what a vote. You're going to go to most of your homosexual agenda. Yeah. All right. I'm only vote for the canner sir and George buddy in our age. That's right. How you think about that? What happened? But you had to get some bad gold board. Rich this morning or what? Yeah. I just, I support the area. I believe the right. Yeah. And that's it. And how about you? No. Yeah. You're going to get a call in here. Gunfog, hurry and my gun. No. But what's the point? You are, I mean, you already just did. I, you know, you're hugging to your Excuse me. Maybe if you had a penis, you wouldn't have to have a, you know, be a Excuse me, your Pistol. Glen. Glen from Miramar. What about chronic regularly? Who loves the show, but he can suffer loving. Yeah. I identify himself Glen from Miramar, who's been listening to show 400 years. Hey, listen, you're a time to be a gunloven nut. That's okay. It's a murder. He might guess. Fine. And it makes him feel better. Also, we don't he'd love to do show. And listen for 600 years. It makes him feel also better. He's got to get that sag thing in it because it's big news. December 17th, 1976, like 20 years or four years ago in a couple months that I came out of the closet on KAT. I've been out of the closet, proud facts for 24 years in this town. But to these people, it's so, it's so, it's so, it's so an issue. It's so the one thing that they got to hang on to in squeeze. Because if I disagree with them, it's always Baggett, Baggett. Yeah. Tell us something we don't know. That I'm a fact and you're done. Tell us of the else we don't know. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I know. Speaking. Green. With you on the Panthers. The chronic. Get out of here. Go play with your boyfriend. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Hey. Should we be worried tonight's the new journey. That one was going to be up to play in the passes. Yeah. That's right. They're playing one of those really hot teams from last year. Wow. That was one of the most ridiculous statements ever made in history. TM yesterday. I mentioned it in passing that when we played the other teams that really upwards because we were so great last year. I guess what he forgets is the fact that those people read the newspaper too and they see that we have a one again this year. They see the tapes of our tarject and our prosthetic this team has played this year. I guess he's forgotten about that. Yeah. And in fact, that's in four games. Yeah. We might only walk by globally with totally dominated. You know what it's called? It's called a lane excuse. That's what it's called. Anyhow. As far as the world in Myanmar concerned, I thought Baggett's guns and small opponents of go hand in hand. Yeah. I mean, I got a new set of earplugs. Any shot? We get them tickets? No. 5.6.7. See, once you say baggage, you're not getting the tickets. You say it after you get the tickets. Then we'll take them back. 5.6.7. I mean, I couldn't hear less. But it just now. Just still to touch your balls. Which we like doing on the show a lot. A lot. 5.6.7. 5.6. The pound 5.6. The only AT&T in Verizon while it was once. Maybe we'll get line 6.6. Come there. What is that? No. Now that our PD is going on vacation again, got only those. What's she doing? Love it 26.6.9. But the O'Rotter show sports radio. 5.6. 2.8. And I don't give a shot anymore. 4. 4. 9. And I'm ready. 2. Your gun is there. Have yourself and down on prison fun. Oh, your friends away. We'll bet you all the way. We bet you all right. We're on the top. We'll be too far the banner to get it. We'll like to be sweeter than when you touch your heater. Cherry a life system. We definitely come on and drive today. Let's see your merry-go-way to be a member. Yeah, no, no. Hey, for the English. Hey, for the English. Hey, for the English. Hey, for the English. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. And you'll be proud to say your own better. And all of it. Hey. Well, anybody by your kids have died. Another 30 of them will be very upset and they'll be able to see them in Canada. They just passed much richer legislation. Even on those affoning make believe guns. And nobody in the age of 18 can buy those. And it's a gigantic like $5,000 fine. And they'll do not pass wrong. Go straight to jail and stuff like that. Because they're sick and tear to the American violence. See being in over there. And all these guns that's coming in. And they also had a, one of those, you know, turning your gun on the programs or the give you like 500 bucks or whatever it had once per gun. And they had thousands of them turned in. It was a massive success. But of course, we don't want to do that here because we don't want to be proud of the proud great strong American boy Glenn of his piece. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Is there anybody in promotions today or what? No. That was guys taking the day off. I guess everybody's off here today. This is what it will be coming for today. Or get my check. That's right. You always be sure I'll be here on the 10th and 25th. But most months except during the summer time. I remember that first check when I was away. The first one that didn't show up quite on time. Uh huh. I do. That was only the beginning. Here's cross-pring. Oh, Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, Paul, if I get a copy figure for me, then I take my daughter to the game. That's it. I'm not going to blow smoke up. Yeah, I'm going to call him. If not, that's it. If it's so, thank you very much. What do you say George? I've come to George. Okay, sure. Okay, you got him. Thank you. Thank you George. Okay, hold on. Yeah, put the light on your shoulders. I don't want to be a prick. There already hit me like poison, but they hit you like with a special boy. Yeah, we're more. No, they don't. They hit me. They hit me. Oh, yeah. Okay, let's get rid of this pool and take that's good. That's a good poll question. I like that. Yeah, that's a that's a sensational question. Okay, here's the end of the first poll today. If Clinton can't change for Gore, it'll help boys. Chances 69. I didn't make the number up. I didn't. I didn't. Sifting yine. Quick rose chances 25 make those different 18 out of this crowd. They think it would help. I agree. That's how I voted. I say bring Bubba on baby. They can bring up all of Monica crap. They want and it would really. They would put the stake through the heart of assholes like Bill McCollum. And all these other goddamn phony masturbating is moderate. Who the hell you kiddin' how they do these are you kiddin' us? Oh, no, not full of me for a second. Okay, the hockey ticket to go on through everybody else. There's a big one. So here's our new pool question. How do we want to phrase this? Who do you hate the most? Okay, who do you hate the most? Neil, George, or... Or what? Hate them both equally or love them both. Huh? Yeah, that's good. Who do you hate the most? George, Neil, hate them both equally or love them both. Huh? That should be good. Yeah, let's give an opportunity for all those hate mongers out there. They're not going to hate us like poisons, but are devoted to oil. That's all we care about as long as they're there every day. Because we've got to feel their desperate need to let vacuum in their lives. The big vacuum in their... Right up. Uh huh, right. Here's something we're going to answer to the hockey tickets. Think it, I don't know. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 6, 5, 6, 6. And of course anybody can't their nose in it. I don't know. Back then, yeah. Here's a mobile phone for longer day, hello. I don't know. Okay. And that'll be the only way for us to talk to Jamie, Jamie, Jack, Frank, and Dougal, forever. Yeah. Our call for the tickets will be very much that we've got for the spring. Yeah, I give them some much joy. And we asked them what is income was before we gave them to them. We're going to give them some sparser. See that again? And there's a... We don't give hockey tickets this far too. It's not that we discriminate on the show. We do make the exception that area. We like some nice white people that are at the hockey games. We already got one sparser there playing on the team. That's enough. He's allowed in... Shouldn't be. But he's allowed in there. That's it. You people that you've taken over football, you've taken over baseball, totally taken over basketball. What does have the one thing that we should do? We still have the one thing that we still have. There's a white person sport. We lot of few of you people in there that set it. That's what we draw the line. No moss. No moss. No more sparsers in the hockey. Because as soon as they get their foot in the door, all of a sudden you turn around, you wake up the next day and they're taking over the whole guy the same thing. Except the course of that swimming thing. This one problem is bad. Yeah, this pole is going to be great. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I agree with you. You should win and you should go for him because anything that represents your best interest, you should go for it. But after all, you know, he is kind of arrogant and anal. And so are you on the show. But then again, we each have a right to pressure up in England. You show up for you every day. So you should be open to other opinions. And don't put off everybody like... 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. And the lines in one of the lines. Here's what, Myers. Yeah, I knew I was going to win. Okay. There's a back-in-step difference when we got local elections over here in the county. My wife and I have recently got married. She had always been a lifelong Democrat. When she got a new legislation called back, we were stuck in the pandemic. So my wife had to vote as an independent when we called the supervisor of a election over here in the county. Yeah. For when the young, they're answered to that in the old. But just going ahead and vote for an independent this time. So I mean, the government's first in you. So now when we've heard of vote over here in the early 1856, we've got 65 Republican booths. We've got three Democratic booths. We've got a set of the cogwells off the boat. And no independence. I guess I'm going to fuck you may find that interesting. We'll take protection to call. Thanks for making the call. Thanks for the good news that the justice screwed up over there as we're over here. But at least they had the good comments since the year of that McDoodle Fashist pick. That was great. Nice girl. I'll say it again. Congratulations in the e-counting. As opposed to the numb nuts and brow to keep up in this. They never met a nasty day in Lichenbauer, which is vile's my mind. All these liberal Jews in Bauer County, you control. I mean, what are they? 90% of the vote up there. Yeah. And yet that whatever was Ed Stacker Bobby, but a worth or a nickname of horror or this, a long list of fair and then now, of course, this can't get any son of a bitch. Every fancy shirt they get in, they keep putting it in overwhelming the again. Maybe it's just that they're so stupid if they recognize it in. They put it back in there. And I wonder this? Of course they do like a lane drill because he's so rich and she's good. How do you like that? That's right. She's Jewish. And I'm just a case you didn't know that I want to mention. Not that if you're having an influence on your vote, but she's Jewish. Oh, lane drill. Play sure he's a groin. I just, I just mentioned that in passing. Father paranoia. Oh, I'm just salivating. Get this porn here because you think you're going to win. You're not even in the, when they're running. You're not in the running. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Okay. Now there's another hockey asshole. Here's a mobile in front of the home. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, for your poll, I love you a little bit more than George, but I love you, but I love you. Uh-huh. Let me be truthful. Okay. It doesn't really matter who is elected here. You know, Republican or Democrat, they're not going to keep their promises. It doesn't matter. It does matter. It does matter because they're going to appoint justice to this a green quote. They're going to shape policy in this country on a, her broad spectrum of issues, not just abortion, but a Zillion different issues. So it does matter. Okay. They're all full of crap. We know that before you hang up, they'll meet. I've been a Democrat until this year. And I'll tell you why I changed. The reason I changed is that I've seen a lot of my hard, um, past hours like yours. You know, for funding programs that do not work, you know, well fair. And I think it makes a news to you, but under this administration, I say years to well fair rules have been like, uh, cleaned right out when it not they cleaned amounts. Well, that's true to last couple years when they signed. Not really to what Bush keeps saying they have signed down government dramatically out of this administration, which we're going to, was very much instrumental in doing that. But wouldn't you be for Bush's power? I wouldn't. I wouldn't be for a Bush under any circumstances. And if all you're going to vote for is based on your pocket books here, I hope that somebody had, I hope you had enough money. I hope you had enough money to bid your ass out when they show you where but how they're going to show you. Selfish me and it's all quick. That's exactly why. Yeah, and yes, I would. I wouldn't say a lot of money. You know what? You can stick that money right up his goddamn rich billionaire spoon fed ass. That's what he can do with that money. Him and his guy been cronies and they're who are polluting the air so bad that he can't even, he can't see five feet in front of you. They're in Houston and pretty soon all over Texas. And that's what you do to the guy they've ever glades in the environmental whole goddamn country. All of him and his good buddies and big business. And that's why the stock market all over CEOs are just salving to try to get him in here. That's why the market's in the shit house again today. And the next back is down 40 to 50 points every day. And at Barton Biggs son of a bitch on Morgan Stanley's honor yesterday. Well, we got a lot more work on the downside to do on an Azbeck. Get down to about 2500. Yeah, they only wish they could get a down to 2500 like the D for the election. They're not fooling anybody. They're not taking anybody out. And I give you a class of example of how much your government cares about you. What else that article about that crack? I'll find it. Oh yeah, early strokes linked to diet aid and de-congestion. Did you see this yet that they about PPA? No. And in greedy it and dozens of popular over the counter diet and cold medicines, maybe the cause of several hundred hemorrhagic strokes suffered annually by people younger than 50. The government finally assigned to said Thursday. A wide variety of over the counter decades old the Soviets. It's a PPA, a pro-palking product. PPA. Found in products ranging from dexter trim to triumnip. But the FDA says, yeah, cannot be classified as safe. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So what they're good doing is they're not going to let them make any more of it. But the stuff that's already on the shelves, well, you know, so what if we lose a few hundred more people? Go ahead and sell it because we don't want to do anything that's bad for big people. That's your government, whether it's done a credit over the public, or you only difference being that once they are wish gets in there, it's got to be a hundred times as bad. Now, if you go ahead and worry about your goddamn spanking tax cut that you're going to get to. And that's 60 cent today. I hope like hell. It really comes in handy. Maybe if you save up a few days, maybe you can buy a box of triumnip. Try him, you like him. 24 new and 56 new. Yeah. 24 new and 56 new. Yeah. Yeah. I think we're going to be taking a patient. Oh, man. So, two other tickets. Yeah. I'm going to go to the right one with where you go. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Come on. Come on. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. So, more things all these down. All of that check it out. I can go forward. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. He's very. He's our movie. That's a drug. He's a market. And it's that. That's a way to do. He's just more fun of these. So, have a bite. Just have a bite. Just have a bite. You get it. And everyone's been tested and scared. Walk through. Always. I'm going to. And the other. It does. You. This is the money credit system Family. It says he's stated the** abandon our Health. We're not too sure. That dog is over there. He's very Interesting. It's a comedy thing. He's everything but he knows everylying on internet. Now he buttoned and never mind the sound. It is. Eh. Eh. That's so sad. He's got this golden. He's got this golden. Do we wreck it by all over the room? There's day close up and down it. Move it. That's him. Just too cold in all that crazy old food. They went for me. Just three, four, then think I care if Chris Gordon like me. And I think he does. So come here, please. Just three, four, then come here. It's only three. It's only three from the new game. Yeah. Everything is something called the mantle. Fourteen till the end of the reason. I played that as George just informed me of a story that I had never heard before. And astonishing story of how I wanted to mention Joe Costello's name. They're opening other building in the right-and-fested bug-and-fested city on Sheridan Street in the old days. Joe evidently was running the board producing the show and Josh was standing in a control room next to him. And I guess is the role of that sweet smell of success kept getting stronger and stronger and more punging. It's just. It's a matter of some. It's a matter of some. And at least several meals because he just couldn't handle it anymore. That's our own Josh Friedman. Oh, that's right. For a station that's got the guts to keep somebody on the payroll who smells and looks at that bad. I said it takes a lot of courage to do that. If all of a sudden we're going to have that freak. Remember? Hey, why don't you tell me, please? Yeah, be a mean. But we call him the thing. Yeah, the thing says. Well, I mean, that's him. The thing. And like I said, the people that showed up at those appearances. We appreciated over the years and very nice people. A few. A handful. But I mean some real things. Some real things showed up at those appearances. I don't want to see no things. Not his thing. Who? If he's got one. What's that vote so far? Who do you hate the most? George or Neil? Well, the both are hate to me, clearly. Let's see. Well, it's refreshing now. It's a 34 votes. It's hit the both equally too. Neil 3, George 7 and love them both 22. But you're a head so far, but don't get too calm about it. Lose them together. Here's pop in a hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you going? Okay. I was on a house yesterday. I paid the roof and I heard you mention Boris Omen in 1999. People don't know what to talk about. That's correct. I like it when it happened. Yeah. And I say, I'm on it. What is it? I'm on a plate on it. Here. It's going to copy off. But you forgot to go to the face. Were you a salmon? Yeah. I don't remember that. It was a great defense. It was a Swedish defenseman to honor my police for 100 years. Yeah. I dropped in this. Right. I got a joke. It's not good. Okay. We'll talk to Don Cherry. Five six. I wasn't going to get caught off anyway. We don't do jokes. How many times do I have to tell these people we don't do jokes? We don't do jokes. All over you. I have to pass it in the devil. So I speak in a joke. I'm sorry. Maybe you may just make it a nice slide. Oh, this group wakes up. Mmm. Lots of empty seats go out there and pick your own baby. The answer pack six thousand. So the tickets go fifty five hundred. We started to fancy pack. If you six hundred. Whatever it is. Lots and lots. So there should be plenty of elbow. There's matter of fact. If there are a lot of empty seats. That gives me the option of those asshole show up in front of me tonight with their 85 little kids in sub planet. The dog and pony show theirs again the whole year. I'll find someplace else to sit. I don't care. I'm not going to put up with that to rest of the year. I've had it so funny. It can't be said to talk about. We have plenty of else to talk about. Okay. I'm going to try to talk about your anconcident assholes. We're used to get the message now for the third year in a row. We're not putting up with it. In fact, the very first game that's the only one I've been to. We've only had to one game. The first game. The vancouver game. And I'm listening to my seat. And these people start getting up. The game is just starting and I'll get up and move in a little kids around again all of the. And the guy behind me says, Don't let it come. And I thought nice car and pal. Not to the makes any difference because they're oblivious. And then they got their buddies over in the section to our right. There's the buddies that keep coming back and forth and moving in and out of the section and sitting in playing grass ass. Because I'll say it again. It's not a sporting event. It's a social freaking club. That's what it is. Make no mistake about it. It's a social club. Those people wouldn't know God damn boy you're summing from born beard. That's what they know about it. Here's a mobile and broken home. Any idea? Pretty good. I hate bush for mouse. I'm a good boy. A little bit about him but I'm a poor boy. I thought it's saying on TV that he was saying that his father was losing the election and they brought him in. His son and he was a campaign really 30 and hired. And he was a big reason why I got his father elected. And then he was so good at it. He decided. No, no, yeah, I know what you're talking about. The reason is father got elected. There was one person. Michael DuCocca. That's why I thought I got elected. Well, he was my as the caucus was beating him. He was beating him before the debate. And then as soon as you got off an open as mouth about how. He's very tough on crime. But he's against capital punishment. Everybody saw where a wimpy little piece of crappy was. That was the end of him. I mean, there was the only one person in America who would outwim George Bush. And that was Michael DuCocca's and leave it to that. They found it. Oh, well, that's the show said that his son was instrumental and they can't aim. I got one in the election and he was so good at it. He started to get himself to be governor. Well, he passed it or something because he was afraid of everything else he did. It's fair in the world business. He traded semi-socic from Texas Rangers. And only recently succeeded there is because the stockholders because the name was Bush. He had been brilliant. The dollars were the free stock and made him into a multi-millionaire. He failed everything he's ever done. Well, I got the hope he failed first. No need to. I'm going to go over there to let talk in both 30 or 40 times just today alone. Yeah, Michael, I'm going to get some of those disguises. You know, those groutier disguises with the glasses and the mustache. They won't know. They got those 90-year-old people at the polling places. I'm taking Wayne Arnold with me. We're voting off. And Wayne's voting for Goi. That's what we heard. That's right. That's an A baby. Maybe some of these figures wants today. Huh? Nothing heavy. Well, what? Well, somebody's got to bring us some lunch. I got to hurry heavy again. I got to go for my therapy. My hand therapy that is. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Every single word, every no matter what it is, every single word he has to analyze and the correct. And the, uh, if you fart, it's the wrong flavor. If you're pulling a parking lot, you came the wrong way. It's just the wrong color call for that day the week. Whatever it is, ma. What are we getting? I don't know. Atlantic City sub-sounds. Good to me are my best friends. Scott Pearlman and I were whatever I was named. I was shorts. What is that? I don't know. Well, let's find out. I think they're kids. They're cute. They can do it. Make sure kids. I'll let's go. Come on. Let's go. Let's get some good crap over here today. And see this for quite a lot. They have never bought a fruit in. So yesterday morning for Christ's sake. Let's go boys. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach. Hello. Bring it. How are you? Great. Good morning. Good morning. Can you hear me? I hear your fine. Can you hear me? You can't hear us for a nice life. Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello. Yes, I am. Hi. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. See what I'm saying about monkey seam monkey. Listen. I got calm that I wanted to make. Yeah. First of all, I want to know what these moths are thinking about by boat and boat and boat and boat and boat and boat and boat and boat and boat and boat. All we need to call. He's just like his father. He's a liar. He's not like his father. His father was nowhere near his dignity. His father is not a literate. His father is not a literate. His father was a liar. He's father was the only catcher. He's a captain. He's a captain. He's a captain. You're going to see a taxi. You're not going to see a taxi. I also want to know. How could he be a pro-life or a leading executioner of prisoners in Texas? No. He's not a man. He's only cares about feeduses. He doesn't care about what one's people are alive. I'm not going to understand the difference. Well, that's what I just said. I'm saying we go a moron. I want to vote for him. I thought the test was the last day of the whole kid. I thought he was going to help. How are we going to help? We're going to help. Okay, pal. You said it. I'll see you at that park. Okay. Well, I'll meet at the park in about 400 times for a board as what we just said. Let me just say if they missed the beginning of the show because they're trying. They're trying to give you this big son and dance to the Bush people. Oh, well, it's a done deal and don't even waste your time. Well, I hate to break the news to those people, but the polls every single one of them now has got to go ahead. Every single one of them. The national polls. CBS 2.0. MSNBC 3.0. The first three points. Even CNN gives one grudging point. I mean, if the raise is in as close as the hair on your guy damn ass. But all of a sudden, this, this momentum that was supposedly going off her bush, he was pulling away. Even CNN knows Gallup people said, well, it didn't happen over the weekend. All of a sudden, our tracking is off track. And instead of being 10 points ahead, W is a point behind. And the Electoral College, CBS has got a 2 out of 5 even Steven. And each with 205 CNN has got a 209 progolution 175 for Gorker. They've got Pennsylvania on the side of which is wrong. And they gave Bush Fund in the battle, which who cares of their big four-lectoral votes. And they keep asking these people, what was it possible at the one candidate who will elect a college in the, and not with a popular vote? And they keep hedging out of wilds, not very likely. I said, there's a very good chance that that's going to happen. There's the next one chance that will happen for the second time in our history. And that would be a disgrace. And then maybe finally they would get the cohorts to say, you know, maybe we better be Examination that give it a electoral college because it's in the mechanism. And it's not the way it's supposed to be. People should like to candidate, not a bunch of got in electors based on how big the state you vote is in. Crazy. Four minutes still known at 5. 60 W to 2 AM. Four 3 to 5 60 W to AM by any court lawyer to a measly broadcast group station. W 2 AM.com or no more. Break into you. You know what I mean? You know what I mean? It's not the right time. We're all in the time and vote. We have a new chiefs off the paper roll. We can do this way. We can land like this. We'll have a day and just get into the 3rd year of life. Right? Why? Why? Why? Come on, Charles. Well, get all of us well yet. Please. Please. You know what I mean? Eight months and I guess I have a team. Well, we'll divide into two things. I'll make sure you don't burn all day. So keep those seats at your feet. I've earned that roundhold back to change it otherwise. Right? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? It's a matter of a 5.60 WQM happy wins. The two of the world famous new round. You're sure world alone. Singin' a song. I don't know, baby. You can smell it. How's that pull coming? Who do you hate the most? We got 79 hosts on it. I have a feeling we're going to have a record record number of hosts. People by tomorrow morning and turn a clock. One of them both 49. I'd be like that. That's reading heavily 49. Love them both. Meaning a George in your story. I hate George the most 22. Neo4. Hate them both equally four. Don't get too cocky, usually because you build up a thriller company to the lead for the time being. Just wait till you're about 2,300 ahead. Then you can be confident. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon wireless Lone. We got blue choppy for heck. And to the afternoon, fill in those big fat shoes. That's right. Here's a mobile and pepper prime. Hello. Yes sir. Do you know that in the presidential year. Every time the young's year go on the war. The season of the presidential year. Democross is one. How do you like that? I heard that in that politics. You're a big friend. Bill styler. What a brother. Oh yeah, that jacket. Yeah, but I think you should stop roasting for the men. Okay. Let's go Yankees, baby. Like I said, love those new yorkas. Everyone in the presidential year when the Yankees win. Democross won. Always love that very Williams man. Okay. Thanks for a good news one. Go match. I don't care. I can't say any Yankees. The Williams is a great player, but he's just so he's boring. It's not that he's black because he's not that dark. It's just that he's boring. He always is that same bland expression on his push like a, I don't know. I never saw person quite like him in my life. Bernie Williams, boozar. Who's going to describe when you win. Tell a little bit player. Not with the money they're paying. They're a good player. So all a bunch of crafts. Just keep that in mind. Don't you kid you out there. It's all a pile of crap. All the expansion's garbage. You look up it online up. You see all these real weak spots. It's the very old man does this in your multiply times 500. Here's a mobile and not 90 feet. Hello. And you're a pretty good. I do. I don't have a phone. I'm a good boy. But I'm a good boy. I'm a good boy. A good boy. You look up. No, he does not. He doesn't support the elimination of the second amendment. Why do you make that up? That is not true. Oh, somebody. Oh, he took the board. She had. We did not. It did not. It did not. It did not. It did not. It did not. It did not. It did not. It did not. It did not. because nobody in the right mind is going to believe it, okay? God, what a jackass. What is that? Ow, well that was quick. Now, Gorses have believed in the right of sportsmen and hunters and law-biting students to own firearms, but I want mandatory background checks to keep guns away from criminals and mandatory child safety, like to protect our children. That's his position, which has nothing to do with even you are interpretation of the second amendment being eliminated, which of course you're interpretation is wrong as we all know. But nevertheless, and how is your militia doing? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. See, this is a thing that such a deep-seated sickness in American society that you're never going to overcome. It's not to mention, of course, the millions and billions of dollars that they have spent to manipulate these puppets. And I'll say it again, the NRA is the number three contributor to the Bush campaign behind self-moist tobacco company, that's right. And the pharmaceuticals also in the top five at number four. And you all companies. But thank God he told the business. Here's the lady in hell and there, hello. Hello. Yes, man. First of all, I bought the book. Is our children learning? Uh-huh. And I will share that with every Bush supporter I know. Great. Maybe you could read it to them. Yeah, I'm going to have to with some of them. All right. The last of the columns that you had, Bush campaign is sending out some propaganda through the mail because of the mail carriers, I've seen it. Right. Saying that Gorsh is the second amendment does not support people having their own firearms because, this propaganda is not true. I have, I know. I'm saying they are sending that out. So that's probably where they are. Yeah, it was even discussed with the base. If anybody would open up their ears during the base, he answered that question. Right. And for George, I'm on my way to QS off sent pictures. OK. OK. Bye. Bye. Get your election. 26, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, and Brian's and Brian's and Brian was one. Let's give away to Mohawkie, did it? No. 93 votes. So you hate the most. Love them both, 56. Brian should root the. And the George 25, Neil, 680, 560. So you see 12 out of 93 that's almost 13%. Who hate either you or me or both equal. How do you like that? Yeah. 13% of the audience. And that's not even the deep closet audience. That wouldn't even dignify us by going to the guy then somebody showed him how to hop on the internet and catch the vote there. It could be for sure that somebody would find out. So we've got a background and deep background and deep showed and deep closet, big closet, big closet, lockbox. I think there's a lot of comments that are going to put them in that lockbox that you stole from Al Gore. Everybody wants to put everything in a goddamn lockbox. Here's a mobile and poker, hello. Oh, yeah. Yes, sir. But I'm going to go out to the border and I just wanted to get you sending the white wheels on out of edit. So yesterday, I sent them a lot of, I'm wishing the big dog by the lockbox and start stopping in the light. I wish they'd sent out. I really think there are names that and they're thinking to live in, or they're because of people's case. He needs them. He needs a band. He's got a police to go. I say turn and lose. He's the best campaigner in the guy then country. Turn and lose right now. And if the Republican's there to bring up in his case, it'll blow up in their face with just like it was doing during the impeachment hearings. I'm probably right there. He's like out and then the face fades in the big cities in the first place. He's got to go out and swing it. You got it. All right. That was just a little bit of a deal. I'll see you at the polls. OK, vote for the four five times, please. Turned by the loose, baby, and that Mary Magdalene. That's what last night on the crossfire. Oh, yeah. Bring him on. Bring him on. We can't wait. Bring him on. Yeah. Bring him on my ass. We've heard for your ass. Or she's a disgusting man. Oh, man. When they invented that word, see you next time. They were thinking of her. Mary Magdalene. You see her in a sac with that little bald head of James Carville, my NMSB, a real NMSB, a real Lampon. 600 open lines. Not a lot of you haven't even any hockey tickets away. As if we had any hockey fans out there, which we don't, which you'll see tonight. That's PA guy I'm telling you. What was wrong with the other guy? Well, that he had to be the scapegoat. How about a who's going to be the scapegoat when the BM&T and get their ass came? Who's going to be the scapegoat then? And who's going to be buying the new both eyes for the whole story? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, 5, 6, the only AT&T and Verizon one of us line. Here's a mobile and naples, hello. Hey, hello, how you doing? Pretty good. Hey, all right, first time call a man. You'll remember. Have a bomb hit on me. It's pretty much something not out here and got no mission control, especially that here. No reason about it. About one year's, you'll cover a grand down. There's a, it's an RV didn't pass a section. It's the health can and all for she's right. That's right. That's right. Because it was not working right to the whole thing on. You're right. Absolutely correct. I want to vote. I want to vote on the fan here. There's a good, you know, get a good speaking all the pictures. They're all gone. Sorry. OK. OK. OK. OK. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. He wants to speak. What you can speak in the arena because they're going to be a lot of seats. Yeah, Bob Grant is another than the end of the song. Remember who's the performance done here doing Ali Anson? Remember that all? That was really sweet. Yeah, he betrayed me. My friend, Bob, he betrayed me. He told me. Yeah. I do it in the middle of the day, broad daylight, so we can have riots all over the city. You idiot. Another guy born with a silver spoon up his back. Oh, Bob Grant. Another one also, you can't complain about his personality because he hasn't got one. Have you ever seen him in Joseph Gacky together? Oh, Bob Grant and Josie. I think same person. Nine minutes after noon at 5. 60 W to QM. Two. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 5. 60. You. Hey. Hey. Oh, hi, guys. There's this from the side, give rise and let's release us. Little girls from Queen's Queen were still in the screen rotation. Let's be one of these kind of dreams that spray your jacket. Let's shine. It's the edge of work, this coming from my inner frustration. A Hitler ride from my heatedly salute my bottle sensation. It turned into a good match on film of free jet-u-lation. What's going on? One big tank in the north. Hot golf stops for. I'm here for the phone of our people. Three, and two, and eight. Okay. One 14. I bet you know, it's quotient might be. 124. That's 60 W to QM. You people are really slipping this on. Is the overhead like way down or something today? Because I got a crank waiting to help and it stores and sounded right. Quick picking here, I don't even know. It's got any of it in the second. Long one. Yeah. How about the hair? This overhead is all screwed up and he's in there picking that hair out of his nose. More like yankin' it. What about this overhead? God damn it. Maybe they'll get a little bit of the other room there. They must have been a bit of the cousin. Oh, there you go. And now what? That sucks. Anyway, the audience is really slipping because there's a thing in the paper in the article about the Panthers, which I know nobody cares about. It doesn't have anything to do with really hockey. It's equal from Robbie, Neil Meyer. Talking about Martin, we're doing our tough years to play again. He says, we need to have soft dumps or maybe harder round to make sure we get it fine. How did you like that? We finally discovered why we put a stump out of that. That's the Panthers problem. They need to have soft dumps. Maybe some of that duke likes might help. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey. The question is, did you get the cat's after hand, do you wipe from the front or to the back? Back to the old way, back there. They've been normal way. But normal way. Absolutely. That's that whole thing was just made up. I'm nobody's fooling me on that. No rational person wipes from the back to the front. That's clear. You're pushing at, oh, man, you're pushing it towards you. I don't want to push it away as soon as possible. I don't want to push it toward me. I have to put up enough crap on me. You're pushing it toward your, you know, you're not. That's right. Wow. No thanks. Not for this kid. All right. Thanks for answering. I'm delighted to be a given good news. And so it just happened by automatically. Like, now that my hand is, you know, back to like almost normal. And we'll be squeezing it again today. Quick squeezing. So I'll always have them. Yes. She's sitting there telling me her life story again. And she and all of a sudden, she's there squeezing it. Because the only pain I have left in here is the little little buckle on that little finger. Because that's what was jammed in that cast this week. And she is just squeezing that thing. I mean, I did like my brains are going to fly out of my head. Like, and she thinks if she keeps talking enough that it's like a little game or playing, you know. That I'm not going to notice that my brains are squamblin. Quick squeezing so high to eat all it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm, 5, 60, others, arms are killing me. So why don't they have to put salt on everything? Huh? Put sugar on everything? Ah, and salt on everything. Makes it better. No, no, it's just not. Not so need salt on them. Believe me. And if you haven't been on that, here's the mobile and knee hard junction. Hello, to you. Yeah, I need you. Yes, sir. It's just amazing that there are people out there that would go and go to Georgia, but you know, I mean, if you say you need to pay for it, they say they see where you're coming from. Even if someone's going to wear all the money. They go for this man. I know, I don't get it. I mean, I don't get it. I don't get it. I don't get it. Hey, where are we going? We get a tour of our recime magazine and they talk about about where he's coming from. And what's going to happen if he becomes a lucky president. And the fact that our work, if he blows this, it'll be absolutely unbelievable. And if he doesn't crawl in, Boba, who might say that there is, I mean, he really is. And he's going to be thinking about this for a lot of years to come. Yeah, well, I think his handlers are making a lot of bad mistakes. I mean, it's just a good thing. They want to be following this thing. I've always been interested in politics and you know, to hear you talk, I wish to help you learn syndicated. Oh, yeah. I believe he's coming. I mean, I drive a lot. I hear a lot of talk radio. And I hear a lot of these asshole like wrestling bulls. They're all the same. They're all the same garbage. Yeah. What about somebody who I do on you? Are you ever thought about going national? Well, national. What about what? Well, national. What? What can produce people? No, I'm caught in this. I'm on on on on on on on on on. Yeah, I've got a lot of many times about sitting here and saying the same things. And actually getting real cars from real living and reading people, which of course is impossible to do here. Absolutely. You're having a thought about it. I mean, I mean, you're real. We really need a voice like you. Well, to be heard all over the country is a post to a limbo. Okay. Well, I hope I take a deep breath and I'll listen to one more. I thought about it about 10 seconds. Yeah, we're not being late. Here's a call from my Boston. Here's a call from, uh, it's so handy. Here's a call. You know, living and breathing people. So I feel people. Not just a much more wise way. That's just, I do, I do, I do, I do, I do, I do, I do. Matter calm. You think you can even even the people you think are rational like that. The Glenn from your mom. That's just a comedy. Just totally off of off guard. Usually he don't call usually he like who write something, uh, and he's one of those people. It's been listening for years. And not because we have a bit of a reason on some political, but when he starts with a Fag, you're there. So that's a natural grin. That's all I can tell you, man. It's very sad. It's tragic. Yeah, I'm a Fag and big deal. I guarantee you. I have a lot better person than you'll ever be. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,<|th|>,<|th|>,<|th|>,<|th|>,<|th|>,<|th|>,<|th|> We're going to be in P and provide some marvelous lines. And that's one thing I don't believe is running around calling people names. Here's a moment I'd like to know. Yeah, now. Yes sir. Have you ever heard of such a thing called a misery index? Yeah. Since 1936, when the inflation rate, the other planet rate was less than 10, the income of party is one of the electric. Right. And that's a fair amount of 30 sets. Okay. So now we know what you're gonna want. That was the misery index right now. The misery index is that it's a 10. I'm a 10. I'm a 10. It's 4.25. Yeah. And that'd be inflation rate. I don't know what it is. It's probably 2.5% percent. Right. So that's less than 10. It works since 1936 every four years. It has a 7. All right. Thanks for the good news. You're welcome. There you go. We rest our case. Bush loses. 6,000 per line here today. I thought for a lot of years. Yeah. I see it's depressing when I hear that guy talking about going syndicated in the national and being on over the country and saying you're saying, you know, paying pay sick things and being a thoughtful and talking about religion being a pilot class. I really get in thought for interesting people to call and supposedly bung holes we got one and a round down here. Yeah. And we have an endless supply. Non stop. And I get paid the same either way, very, you know, helping you, Mark. So for the same effort, I might as well talk to the reason that we are people. So we have any here? No. And like I said, the beginning of the show, the rational people, they're just laying out on this whole deal. They're just laying back. The right wing, the gun nuts, the Bible pumpers, the, uh, the figures, they're all highly motivated, forming it to mark like they always are. And this is the only reason to be in close. And then the so-called younger activists, they're all, uh, with his neighbor crap. They're all wrapped up at a Phantom and illusion. Trying again to figure out how to screw up your election and really great way to waste your vote. And they found it. They found a way. But I still believe that that's more and more of these people, say this. I believe that you get close to your enclosure like each shiphole. And when they give them that polling thing, uh, two weeks from yesterday, they're not going to vote for later. Maybe he'll be happy to be 2% because once they get in there, they're going to say, well, what's the point? What is the point? Just to make sure, Ivana, you're happy? He's not even on TV anymore. What's part? Here's Holly Wood, hello. And he was married to that terrible, yeah, go head to her. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, I was wondering, uh, did the guy this was running for real presidency, okay? He's admitted, uh, recovering alcohol, whatever how that is. Yeah. He's also, uh, refusing to answer questions to a test and, uh, and, uh, drugs. I remember, I remember doing the cockers, uh, campaign, but they made a pit view. Yeah. Now, why isn't it all of a sudden, the cockers talk really hard and take to the tigers? Yeah. Well, what I'm trying to find out is how come the stomach that has allowed this side to get away with that stuff? Well, and this is the thing that's very important. Because they've been running a pussy campaign, and this is what's cost and desperately. That's why it's so close. We've got to put a personified campaign, and the risk put to find of all of us, we've been there with the kid gloves you've teamed with the team. That was pathetic. The team has got one of those, I've not just reckoned, but he was in Congress. The most of not just right-wing extremist records, and just unbelievable, and yet, Louvre and just wooden pressure. Yeah, another thing is that he's repeating all or know what is the confession, it's conservatism. Yeah. I don't even know we had a party that was edited by that man. Well, that's what Hitler said to him, compared to the Nazis. What happened to the Republican party and to the Republican party? Do you remember the Republican party? He's a member of the fascist party, so you don't ever forget it. That's a very good account. Yeah, he is. He's laughing, I'm serious. That's what the Republicans have been taken over by. And you notice, so he's one thing on the one side you've got Bubba in the working and we're working there for you to bring him up. And on the other side, purposely kept in the background, trapped lots, tundily, Jesse Helm, strong sermon, Dan Burton, all these right-wing fascists. Pat Robertson, Jerry Falwell, all keeping them kind of like a, and then they finally try to doubt that up. He's a little phenomenal, Gary Bowyer yesterday morning. What our piece of turd here is. Then it's, and see, this, if you'll be caught, if you'll be caught, if you'll be caught, in 1996 that the Republican convention, in 1996 it was in 1992 and became a made that growth test, got noxious, hateful speech, was in 1992 and he said, I was six. And then all of a sudden, grow, I'd be cutting the wet up like five point in, one in the landslide, not that they all remember the limp member had a chance anyway. And again, a limp member and a gamepan, so, you know, not too many people around the country said, let's give Bob the over helping. But anyway, you can't get up there, makes this growth test. Home of phobic racist sexist obnoxious crappy speech, and everybody said, I don't want to put that. Well, just one. Those are the people now, and I'll say it again, like I said yesterday, the reason you can't, is making it no inroads at all, and hanging in there with his one or two percent usually about 1 percent in the post is because the right wingers I've delighted with W. He's their supplicant baby. He's, uh, he's their man. And how just just on the abortion issue alone, just on a road the way, when I see them saying, all of a, the gender gap in women is narrowing, how is that possible? How is it possible? And then, of course, there's business about, well, married women, you know, married couples, much more conservative and married women are much less per gore. Why the hell is that? Don't marry women having daughters on the past time I checked. And wish the ports and amendment, I hate to break the news here, but doesn't allow for any exceptions on abortion, deal legal, period. No exceptions, help with the mother, no exception. With the interest, right princess, no exception. None, zero, zippity, do you know? Coestrate to jail do not pass, go. Just on that one issue alone, forget about how stupid it is. Forget about how the end of the holidays, forget about how inexperienced and how he doesn't even know where the coast of Arizona map admittedly saying these things, no anything about four and a fairs. At a time when they're talking about how we're on high alert over there in the Middle East because of the tourist attack on the US as court and now they're ready for another one any day. And the crazy Israelis in the Palestinians are busy trying to blow each other up as quick as they can. And we're going to put some buzz over there based on a quick, promise packed cut. Because I know that all of you are making over here in the grand year, so I'm very happy for you. Because that that's where in fact, the ed cost for the credit cut for the for the well I started on what's his name show. Yeah, that one. And it well, and sat there. Wow, but I think that's the big one. Yeah, that's the big one. Yeah, that's the big one. Yeah, that's the big one. Yeah, that's the big one. Yeah, that's the big one. Yeah, that's the big one. Yeah, that's the big one. Yeah, that's the big one. Yeah, that's the big one. Yeah, that's the big one. Yeah, that's the big one. Yeah, that's the big one. Yeah, that's the big one. Yeah, that's the big one. Yeah, that's the big one. Yeah, that's the big one. Yeah, that's the big one. I missed dug this one. I missed dug this one for. I missed dug this one for. Oh, well, I know. But how? Well, just\'þ I can't wait because you don't need bit of water, yeah. So, now be focused a little. and tag by the brothers that are on life well. You might be shocked by the things I say, but Joe, I think it's time to get game-bang. We'll throw the underback to run the by-guides and I'll sit in that my computer with my old stock to the side. Taking that my house and I'm all alone, you know the same old tail over for third. They did the four hands to the floor and my hand is my friend and I'm looking at pictures of a white chicken black man. And that's what I do every day. Blackstoprun.com is the best I say. If you're much some chance, we'll have no rules. Oh my computer is all alone and more rules. If my share is full, do my share. Blackstone on top of that car on this off-sleeveer. The property to it is five, six to the double to two. So I guess there are nephew must be a mom, you know, leaving in a month. You must be just kind of a ghosting on to. And Miguel, what's his story? The occupied today. He's a promotion to promenade. I don't want to start getting pushy or anything like that, but I noticed that we're not to, not get an offer out of input someday, you know? Like yesterday, we got Wayne that. He has been to that car. So you see, we'll do that. In fact, what's his name, Yani? From one of his shows, the brother was like, walking on the house, belly aching about the fact that he worked about four minutes a day and he can never find him. And stuff like that. I've been going, Yani. Didn't take him along to figure this place out. He's got his thumb on it. Where we going? Here's a mobile info waterdale, hello. And how are you doing? OK. Hey, I've been trying to get through to you guys for like three days. So I guess got some change with the phone system down there. There was a guy who called you the other day and said that you were, in some words, profiting on the device that Mr. putting off. No, no, no, no, no. Yeah, that was that. What is it? Hello? What was it, you were saying? Yeah, that was like a couple of days ago. Yesterday. It was yesterday. Yes. OK, well, I just wanted to say everything still you were following. I mean, it kept happening in the limber day. You mean, it was the assessment. That's all. That's the thing with a kid in the class in Arizona yesterday. I was responsible for that. I told him to do it. You did, OK. Well, you know, I just, I wanted to talk about this election a little bit, Neil, because I think the two sky Bush is the scariest individual since Nixon. Yeah. And what's here, see the most, Nick, Nick, I want to talk about in the past. I'm a little bit of a pattern earlier that says, oh, it doesn't matter. The president doesn't really have that much to do with running things. I mean, what plan is that side from? If the leader of this party, he could supposedly the leader of the free world and Bush thinks for the fairs who have been sectioned in other countries. And this guy doesn't think that that's reason enough to vote against him. I listen, there are people who are assholes out there who will rationalize their, their indifference, their refusal to do anything, or refusal to go to books. The rationalize it away and say, it doesn't make any more change in the paper. Well, we're saying because of Bush's tax program, Neil looks, I make more money than you do, buddy. And I could spend that tax cut real well. But you know, I think it's, I think it's a waste. They could spend it, but they could spend it a whole lot better improving the country and giving it to bunch of rich assholes who already have enough money anyway. And then, first another thing about the damn Republicans, there would be about $60 million more money in the surplus if they would have left Baba alone. You got it. And you found it like you did. OK, thanks. And Bush has always started about, well, we believe that you're a money, you're a money. Well, that was $60 million from mine. Did anybody ask this if we were creating permission to spend it? Anybody ask? Guys, oh no. They just went ahead and peed it down a toilet like we're just coming out of a faucet, $16 million. That we have kids with no textbooks to take home in big county and kids with an answer or sort of who are standing with no place to sit down with no desk. I'm going to say it again. And I don't give a damn what any of you say or what you think. This country doesn't care about its kids. It's for a third. You don't care about kids, period. Maybe you care about your own kids. And then some kids is probably done. So, they're criminal. So, all these politicians get up there. Oh, we got to take care of the kids. We got to AAM give a flying crap. They can find money up the ESA. Have an endless supply. It's under mattresses. It's in some guy there. We're going to count they just filed out and lost for those years somewhere. They find money for all kinds of crap. So all this will be a good about education and about building new schools. There are hours of $100 at start. When does it start? And please don't come eat bulls over there from Texas with always Tony Bologna statistics that he's going to be the one. He never got an education himself. And he's making a speech up there in a webinar or was they counted this morning. And they showed on CNN a little while ago. And here's the audience. This old or part audience. But wait for I get to the good news for him in a minute. The people are like him. Little kids at old parts. And they're all the old guys with their VFW and American Legion hats on. And I'm thinking to myself, what kind of a veteran respects the guy who vanished during Vietnam who is supposedly on an Alabama national garden that didn't show up for whole goddamn years, who the hell are you, kid? And the military they're respecting in the same people that gave double crap because of the fact he opposed the war in Vietnam which showed it a lot of other people, good people with conscience. So the old craggy veterans, they're the ones that have big on WD for whatever reason. Because it'll be public in the elephant and blood in their system. And here's the even better news. If kid control for president next month, George W would be our gohandly 55 to 45%. At least that's true for the kids who watched Nickelodeon and participated in next kid's vote national polls which delivered a good news to God with a version of the special edition of Nickelodeon's A30 PM Sunday. And Nickelodeon survey if kid is batting a thousand it's predicted to be one of each of the last few presidential campaigns. Well, what we do, that's quite a slick in it. 331,000 kid gone off the all-between the ages of six and rather part of participated in this thing. So little kids are done after like Bush and old craggy veterans with their WFW capsum. We respect the guys who just high-pailed it and disappeared going on a prolonged drug during the war in Vietnam. Here's a model in pro-materned air, huh? Yeah. Yes sir. Use the greatest indication of personal momentum. The Iowa Electronics Market, which is a real money futures market. Yes sir. Okay. After a load of a day, grew has been ahead up until the last to date when it stopped dropped. Bush has stopped rose, okay? And today's group Bush has stopped was at a high of 65%. Well guess what? Today's stock has dropped over 51%. Bush has now up at 49%. And it's rising, okay? People are putting their money on the line, okay? That's what this is about. This Iowa Electronics Market, that's where the contract pay up for bad. It depends on who wins the president. It's winner takes off. Yeah. Okay I'll see you in Vegas. Did you give me the Vegas odds? What the hell is he talking about? He I did that same amount. Yeah. The okay guy. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay, this is okay. He's okay. Okay. He's just a little bit hyper. 152 horse and our poor, putting your hit the most. Love them both 93. George 43. Hit the both equally eight and four neol's only got seven. I'm an last price guy, damn it. That's okay. 152 horse, then you write the H2 like perint. So you say it's seven because if you were taking the polar bear you were throwing in, then it will be just the out of the way around. Yeah, it's okay. Okay. Okay. 21 before one, if five, six or two WCY, well I've because you're a human, he's a human, he's a human. He's a human. He's bringing a nickel out of it. How is that? It's about like a sad that doing. He's gone for a few years been helping guys fill in that ball spot and doing a spectacular job of it if I didn't say so myself. So for 25 years, there's another piece of copy that we're desperately trying to get an answer on from Troy Stratford, Troy the boy, did he ever respond to your question about knowing seriously? Did he ever respond to your question? About what the list count is $200 off a 300 off because we played, remember I mentioned that to you that when you played that takes spot and it's still a bozi. So check out Charles Alpheer's new skin like her system. It looks so great. It's 100% natural because it looks like the hair is going out of your scalp. Here with that ball spot forever without any dangerous pills, without her building your head, without a moshy looking wig. You try to show your system for 30 days. If you don't love the way it looks feels and smells, we turn it for a four week and if you call me actually, you need to hear about it here on the video on your show. Charlie will not offer regularly the price. Well, I don't know whether it's $200 or $300 because our sales people won't give us any guide to them information because this sales department now has reached just when we thought it couldn't get any law, it's reached a lot of bottom. They refuse to give us any information and repair is run around the building or a Yeah, yeah, that's a buy way. Yeah, I took a dump next to way a couple of days ago. Remember that I told you? No. No, it's not that we wear our twin hores, they're side by side. That's your time I've spoken to them about the year and a half. So it's a think. Yeah. And the dump too. The Neil Roger show. The sports radio. Five, 60s. You. Hey. Hey. There's a Neil Roger show. What? This is your dream. Any questions? Can't ask the story about the world. You can defend the game for a while. Yes, you can't do what in Bernie's hands. And we never did recover when he lied. I'm just going to film the next four years where the cohort bush we still have a fierce politician to throw in since he never quite is on his way with a police shake hands and give babies a kiss. And later on up to something so suddenly. No wonder we're also confused. They can tell when we're civil. It's that thing of humans. That totally will never again be betrayed. Like a matter of a cheap support on the hate. Cross the fingers with day right after election day. It's was the story of a girl who took the president for a world. And he kept building bad and hurt me bad. And we never did recover when he lied. We're going to die. We're going to die. We're going to die. We're going to die. We're going to die. Five six seven five six eight pound five six three on the AP and see it. Verizon wireless. I can't stand up. I don't look like I personally but that's where they play that combo and it shouldn't do that. A panther thing because they got the guys worth a new P.A. guy. I don't hate him because I don't know him. Maybe he's very nice guy. But his work. But he's bad. The other guy was great. So we butcher the few names. Big deal. He was great. He was like part of the ambiance. We got used to it. Just like when they fired J. We'll keep with a Marlon and look what happened to the attendance. All vanished. Yeah. As soon as John Henry thought I was Jewish that was a clear real key. That's right. George permapur. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on it. That's right. All the Jews are voting on their act could configure that. Here's what's in hello. Good morning. Yes sir. I've got a question. Obviously people who are complaining to be asked that is because they sell the boat. People are both of the candidates are non presidential. The answer to look at the fact that Gore has been for eight years. He's been making policy decisions and you may not agree with them all the time. But he has been a major part of the executive branch there. That is correct. And George, stop you on the other hand. If I was Republican and I've been a registered Democratic Republican. If this is the guy that the party boss is considered to be the best guy to win the election. That's embarrassing. Yeah. But in the meantime, he's either even or ahead right now. Which goes to show how many people are walks that would that type of mentality? Who walks that and goes to that. And do that. Okay. I hope two questions. Then we've got to tell you about the misery index which our policy was well. But does anything like my pathologist misery index finger? And two what folks are contemplative or two that's shanker or eradication? Two letters. Okay. Well, we know what he's got his mind on. Don't get so about it now. Not a few airplanes on here like six or seven. I don't know what he's got. I know it's a military lunch hour over there. But they always say, well, drop everything. We'll be right over. Never they always say. Call on us anytime. And here it is. It's almost one o'clock. And I don't want to beat in a whole bunch of stuff. You probably go to get my girl pee on my hand that is. Because I don't want to, you know, it means to be sitting there. Squeezing and all of a sudden. Oh, gee, I got sorry. Yeah. Got to make a mad bash for that room. Can I tell a weather in the little country story about that? I mean, it's not all right bad. But I was waiting for my, my on doctor, Dr. Berkowitz back when I was doing the thing with a cash a few weeks ago. I'm not a waiting woman. There's all these people in there. We have a lot of occasions about 150 to death. And all of a sudden I had to go to take a leak. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. And they got to wear a suit. I'm not going to say all these arms are coming. Why am I eating these? They're killing me. So I got to take a leak. And I get up and I walk across the room and I'll open the door. It's unlocked. Open the door the restroom. And here's an old I paid 140 or lady sitting on the crap. You know. And then you can give me like a start of localizing. You just sit in there or blew the instant. I thought, who excuse me? And I kind of like could throw the way in. Close the door. There's these amazing things. And that's where it does happen on it's weird. Because I checked. They're called locks. They don't go with they goes. They're called locks. Always a real good idea. Even if you're 145 years old. When you're in a public place like that, it's to turn a little lock on the door. Unless you're looking for an audience. Here's why I need from the somewhere. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I know how I do today. Good. I'm calling for a lot of that. I've been looking to the show for the last hours. I learned an after-selling. Just cut a couple of comments. Okay. So for all the papers. If they just play the long row, they might have a chance to win a game. They point out correctly. How do they play? How do they win a game without 20 and a go? Well, if the long row could shut our eyes. Well, we got to do it. Put in one. He shut out. I'm going to sort of Sunday and they didn't put in one. The worst thing in the league. You didn't put in one. Well, that's up the bird. Yeah. The center. I'm going to put in one. I want one man off. Well, he's got guys there to back him up. Such as. Such as the other Russian. So I got Americans to employ Aki. Yeah. Meanwhile, on the first adventure, right? I agree with everyone that you said. To put version there as the presidential candidate is a joke. If I could just make a couple of comments. The most ineffectual, a border incentive, thought of tedious, tried, argue with all to maintain. We have a better. And with that, we have to make a couple of comments. Yes. With that, we have a better education. Yeah. Put the most quick. Two. Okay, thanks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, let me share my email or your name off. Maybe we start a bit too crazy. I've always Russian to be talking about. Maybe we start a, about what you name. And a corner. Quilva. Quilva, what are you? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. We've pound 5, 6, we've pound 5, 6, we've on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless 1. We're a cease-pan where we need them. Oh, God damn it. You blew it George. We needed them in here today. We're a fair, fair, do. Wouldn't that be great? Here's a mobile and full waterdale, huh? Yeah, I'm glad you found the Marlins attendance problem. And no, we're able to defend in the budget. Yeah, we're able to. Maybe they're out of here. The education issue with the two brothers. Which public to call the their kids go to? Yeah. Okay. Number two, obviously there was five schools. Correct. Be, to believe that the government, whenever they do provide a service, which one of them is better than nothing. I need Medicaid, whether it's Medicare, etc. They have a social security for every time. I'm worried about what they feel. Have a good day. Anybody know what Kelly just said? No. No. He said the government blows. Which of course he's right about that, but that don't be clouding the issue. Okay. Don't be driven people or reason to excuse. Cause that's the way I felt a few weeks ago. That's not sufficient. That's not going to get to job done. Yeah. So we have crappy choice. And people get real tiny hearing about it, especially on the issue. Or, of course, we have a really great time. And sticking our finger up each of those echoing, laughing in the trollom. What does that stuff come out of this Katie? Stuff. Sacks is from the other machine. Why are they coming in there? The machine? Because, because our people are getting a stupid of the sports. They're all boy. That's really bad. Here's your few of these, child. Just so our job McCain, that's something for the shrub up in Jacksonville, Florida. Yeah. I think he, one of that mellow, no one might have seen him to his school. I was just going to say, as you see, got that big thing on the side of his hand. Yeah, sure. That's all you need to know. You don't love it this morning. I'm fixed fan, you know, the Prince of Virtues at, I would say, Bill Bennett. Oh, God. He's got more chins of a Chinese form. Everyone's taking a high-make hammer together. Never. But anyway, one of the first calls into him said, Mr. Bennett, I know you're a very religious man and you're a champion of Virtues. You believe in the son of a gluttony. And he said, well, yes, I do. He said, that's enough set. He's going to come up. Yeah. Because he's a poker. I hear that he's been doing the pop. That's what I'm hearing. Maybe just the room. That's what I'm hearing that they're doing it. By the way, if you've seen James Paul, he recently on television. No. I think she's been getting into the chunky monkey. Really? She's really put it on. I think she's hanging out with what you name over there in Channel 6. What's your name, George? Good friend on Channel 6 news. There was, had the Bayer Keralka. Kelly Craig. Oh, God. Yeah. I even blocked it out of my mind, Kelly Craig, because we like this one much. But she was a 420 now these days. Come on, guys. Hey, listen, Neil. Yes. One last thing. I got to give this website again. You've got to go see it. It's barkcop.com. If you're a very effective bot, if you hate Dr. Waller and if you hate Schroof The Schroof, that's the website to go barkcop. The ARTCOP.com. Okay. Okay. See you. Okay. I hope it lines out on a 7-month single before book shop becomes an invasive human studio on Hague Goldberg Show. Watch the North of Open Lines, waiting for your press vacation's comments. Things that the people of America will really be proud to hear on C-Span and CNN and Fox News and MSNBC. Things that really will put you guys on a map and show America just how articulate and the Intune All will be events of the day. Anybody by that? No. Here's an overland parkland. Hello. Yeah. I got to comment in a joke boy. It's over here. No jokes. Okay. Comment is, I've got to have gotten about 4 phone calls and about 30 different Flyers from Boyce. Talking about how he's so wonderful detectives for all detectives and how he's going to do Wonderful things in the United States. I've got one phone call or one piece of mail from Goran Lieberman. I don't know if they think they can write on their laurel. And you know something? I'm glad you mentioned that because I talked the other day about seeing a bush show a Chinese sign on the one of my neighbors a couple of years in blocks away. I haven't seen one Goran Lieberman published the good. Not one sign. Not nothing. I guess I'll have to open up that flower distribution center. How Goran.com has all the information on it. Okay. Thanks. Thank you. Also, if you want Goran Bumpers to be, because I did find that number. The chance from one of the semi-esthetic is 305-438-1483. They get the address of the office nearest them, so they can pick up their bumper stickers, print, sign, etc. And why the hell they're not out there? I have no idea. What are you waiting for? Waiting for like the week after the election? But it's pointless. 305-438-1483 and I'll tell you where to go. Believe me. And close back to what I showed you for the right wingers, the Zellock's their motivated man. You can smell it. You can feel it. You can see the form and the corners of their mouth are at least I think it's form. They're rabid. They got rabid. And arrested with people. I don't know. Yeah, you better get motivated pretty soon. It's the guy being 25th of October last time I checked. Any less than as 2 weeks from yesterday. You better wake up and skip the guy dead. Dandelions. Okay. 560-560-560-560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. This is 560-2AF-430-560-WAF-560. WVWM-YM-YM-YM-YM-YM-YM-YM.com for the work. Oh, bro! It's the one to two hours. No. Some Washington. Number Glockling Group. They train animal clips. Jack Jamah and sitting in for a patty cannon. New York Giant Cheeky Barber. No. Here's John McLaughlin. This is you one. George W. Rings all vaults. I don't know a clip. Well, Phil, I want to say. Wrong. Jack Jamah. Well, that's not a easy tour. Wrong. Cheeky Barber. I'm gonna have to say the book. Wrong. Actual answer. War exercise. That's where the new one is joined. Next issue. Algo. Favorite Broadway show. Bring in the noise. Bring in the punk or cast. Hold on, Jack. I think it's one. Well, John, I'm happy to say it. Wrong. Jacky Jacky, you've been Jamah. That's a very difficult show. Wrong. Teach Barber. I'm gonna have to say right. Not a choice. Which teachy Barber. You gave it to the less than I was in a joy. Wrong. Correctly found. Act. He loves them. Next issue. The cast of Big Brothers should be murdered. How? No. You're a piece. Wrong. Jack Jamah. I don't know. Wrong. I don't think they should be. Wrong. Act. Answer. Poison. I'm all right. Bang bang bang. 106560 W2QA and that's the best. Just got this on a fast machine. Governor George W Bush on a record. This is from a website www.bushandguns.com. All one word bush and guns.com. I'm 1826-1995 Governor Bush fulfilled a campaign promise by signing in the law. I'm measure the law as Texas citizens for the first time in a 125 years to carry a concealed weapon. Two years later, when 1997 Bush on a rubber carrying concealed weapons law, CCW, that removed churches, hospitals, nursing homes, and amusement parks and local places, which prohibit concealed weapons. That's great. Okay. Churches, hospitals, nursing homes, amusement parks from the local places that prohibit concealed weapons. Then I'm 2019-1999 just two months after the mass shooting at Colombe on High School in Colombe, out of the claim 15 lives. Governor Bush on yet another irrational law. This time borrowing Texas cities and counties from suing the gun industry to recover damages being caused result of gun violence. So for Schmendrick there in Miramar and all you other gun squeezes out there, he's your man, baby. He's your man rather than a right man on his wild horse. Not to like taking a piece of amusement park. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Hello. Here's a mobile and full loader down. Hello. Yes. I don't know if you're listening to me or not. Hello? I'm listening. Okay. Great. I wanted to let you know that the Gordon, Lieberman signs are all over the box of Fort Lauderdale. If you go from Broward to Sunrise, you'll see the mall up in the yards and the businesses. And the yard signs can be obtained by going to a restaurant in Wilbur, Manor's called Storx, which is located off the Wilbur, Manor drives in 15. Okay. And I just want to say one more thing. I think that Gorge should bring Clinton on the campaign trail with them, at least a couple of days to energize the base. I said, I'm sorry. Go ahead. I was going to take the people who hate Clinton and would be offended by that are not going to vote for Gore anyway. That's right. But what Clinton can do is energize the base. Right. That's what we need. You got it. All right. Thank you. Thanks a lot. Okay. There you go. Of course, I'll find me out there in Westboro, and do a lot of a Yahoo, statewide on CNN. Any Gore signs or bumper stickers or anything out there. Maybe it's prohibited. Probably the mayor said no way Jose. Or the police chief or both. 560560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a couple of red. Hello. No, no. Yes, sir. I talked about the other day at Chicago. In the room or up there is that the bush can change the one the election. Chamey is going to resign for medical reasons. Yeah. The that name on the cave is going to be vice president. Okay. Jim McKay. Yeah. Jim McKay is going to be vice president, right? 560560, 560, pound thought, what about it? Oh, not. Jim McKay. He's seen him coming. Go. He's done a lot of horse and around. Hmm. He must know when there's brother and lot of them. I want to give us you, ox. Here's a mother and some guys. Hello. You know. Yes, sir. I wanted to call because I was on hold. Making a phone call to think Lewis a little bit ago. And I was looking for you all morning and all these people calling in about these new ads that Bush is running. About Gore taking away the second amendment. I hadn't heard anything hadn't seen anything. I'm on hold with 98, say Lewis. Hmm. And they had an ad that was chaplain has been with like the end of the world. Speak how Gore is going to remove your second amendment because the second amendment doesn't say this. And doesn't say that. And if he gets elected, he's going to put in his three Supreme Court justices. And you know that if he has his justices and his system will go the way he wants it to. And then they even go further to tell you what would be if one of them has if the three Supreme Court jobices that he put in were Hillary Clinton and forgot who the other two were. Could you imagine and that's how it ends. Yeah. Hillary Clinton don't cross being Rob Law problem. It's that's I I it was very shocking year. I'm glad to hear because it sounds like a desperate to me if they got a truck that was a gun token parcel that me and his all in a certain desperate. It's been talking to him if he was almost dead. Yeah. He will be soon. Okay. Thanks for the money. I mean, thank you. But. Charlton has been a. Moses Benher Benhem. I'll say I'm under him about Tony Curtis and I'm only. In the past six years. I was probably a. I saw the course. You read oysters. Five. Five. Five six to five sixty on the A T and T and rise in my. This one. Here's a moment in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. A meal person. Follow me. All right. Don't agree. Always with you. But anyway. The question that I have for you. Sir is the following. Go in it. When is all the anti gunners. You know, wake up. you got this no the coffee and understand that's the whole line. What is it? The fifth is we'll never lie. You're right. That's the same as the public. The public gun laws are watching the DC where Bubba is and we are sitting and yet the same space that's behind us is that's the secret for himself or not. Crime or crime or crime or crime in New York is way way down. I don't know where you're getting used to this. Sounds like we like fuzzy math to me. Well let me tell you I mean over there. You don't know anything you want but it comes like you're just making it up. No it's not sir. It's a fact that you see how the strongest and New York City you can't write the word done if you think it was already getting arrested and yet. I mean the declines are out of control. No they're not. You're absolutely wrong about that. The crime in New York City is way way down dramatically down. In fact violent crime in America is way down in the right state years tremendously down. So only people, all these people talk about how crime is. I will be hit or so much better by bush. I guess they think it's going to execute everybody. That's what he's going to do. If you rather have seven dollars, kill him. If you pick somebody's pocket, kill him. If you're Jay Walk, kill him. If you're speed button 10 miles over the speed limit, kill him. At least we used to serve for as population. I'm going, W. All right, we have to balance out the fee wishes that we're going to be saving the W. W. I'll be on one of the changes. All the babies that he's going to force you going to make. I'll say again, you show me a woman for bush. And I'll show you it's like, it's like, thanks for bush. No difference than Jews for Hitler say exactly the same thing. No difference whatsoever. See, we didn't know we didn't know he was going to send us to camp for bad riot fences. All right, I fucking go. I thought, if I could get them to hold the dark side over there. Oh, no. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Okay. We're having a whiff's during good time here today. Baby, we want 13 or 560 WQAM. Oh, I did hear that woman that the Ranger Texas Rangers almost allowed a business because he kept not the truck on a first and two baseline. That's where I'm hearing. Here's a lady, mobile and button, beech hello. Hi, Neo, how are you? I'm doing good. That's good. I, you know, my weapon mind was trying to cut it through you after the last debate. It was kind of funny. I know you watched the focus keep group right afterwards. Oh, right. You're not with the guys that said I'm a teacher. I like what Boris said. And then, let's just say you did a ball for me. Just, oh, no. I've done that. I put so push as fast as I've done. I don't understand it. You're going to give up your livelihood to carry it done. Yeah. I just kind of was totally mind-boggling. And we're glad to see that you involved because I was really nervous back then when you said you weren't going to go out and go out and go out. Well, it was amazing. I know. It's a bunch of two evils. And the other thing is it's funny that, um, James Cardel has not been involved at all in this in Goers campaign. And it's because his close ties to Clinton are always upon negative legs. Really? Yeah. And I think because he was interviewed and I guess I was asking him about the strategy for, you know, Goers campaign and he's like, if I were doing it, then what I said, and we decided you needed to be in a back room, James, we're no one knew where you were. And he needed to be plotted from the get-out. Right. Because it's fearful, but I still think he's going to pull it out. So it's getting a little better every day. I hope, and I really, it's like I'm not seeing you done. Oh my god. How anyone who is gay, be a Republican. I just don't got anyone who's black. Yeah, I thought so. Anybody who's anything but a smart person. Anyone I hear? Anybody who's Hispanic, I'm going to green to both of them found in Miami. Okay. I'll get to you there. I'll have a great day in Yale and let's go Goers. Okay. I'll be wondering around looking for where I stick my pull. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, oh that's what happened to that guy that's the crowd guy. I remember James options the right in what's in man. He was up there looking to where his stick is pull. How I knew you were. And I can't figure it out. He's a sexual satisfaction I get from just reading those stories. Every time we're these pony, baloney, right wing, finger-pony assholes, get to nail. And all, you guys, what? Gotcha. Yeah, all right. All the finger-pony, they find that their finger isn't somebody else's active. Wow. How about that? Here changes the scent. Here's a mobile and sunlight, so. Hey, you know, how you doing? Pretty good. Hey, let me show off. The stuff I can to call are you mentioned. I heard you guys talking about presidential bumper stickers. Yeah. Others, not many of the glory remains of the fear. If you're the website that has thousands of them for actually both sides, presidential stickers.com And they range from like the conventional all the way down to the unconventional. Okay. Like one of my other members is you're not gay even though you don't like bush. Oh, yeah. That's a pun of them out there and they're just for that. Hey. All right. Thank you. Thanks a lot. 56050505060 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Out of taboo, there's a call from Delray Beach, hello. Oh, yes, sure. Oh, no. Oh, no. Go ahead. Call up and say that New York and Washington DC Washington DC does have an high crime rate. The reason New York City don't have a high crime rate no more because they have one hit of a bear and they're a murder because they're no gay. That's why. Hey, there are people who are gay walking in there now. They put them in the death row. Oh, if you want to have the death penalty. When it comes to walking people at the jailwalking, that's California. That's actually San Francisco. That the most street you stay walking will go right now. That's a hobby in LA is walking, taking a step off the curb and forcing the people to sign on the break. If you want to be brave enough to do that, just think that being in LA. They should be walking because you will be riding up for road peace. No kill. Not like I think a lot of people like him, but if you okay my friend, thank you. Whatever you said. The end of dark neighborhood that I want to say to him because I want to find a better dark neighborhood out there in LA. I don't know if they still do up a day like the light hanging out in the middle of the street. And then dear you to like, you know, just stop traffic. They do it here. In the dark neighborhood, what are you doing in the dark? Because you said, find dirt working on. This is not a dark neighborhood. No, no, no, this is a Jamaica neighborhood. Yeah, yeah. They're not dark. They're like, kind of like Mocha. They're not real dark. Are they? You haven't seen that clear commercial? Clear. Clear the toro lady. Who that's? She'd be Jamaica. No that's right. I forgot to use a Jamaica room. Yeah. I love that clear. She'd be my favorite. And whatever happened to you, Griff, and I guess they finally had done too. I've fed that shop over there, huh? Since they found out that they were getting all these, uh, fortune colors from the salvation army or whatever. Here's a mobile and pop in a hello. Yes, they don't have you heard me more about Larry Flint and his ex Jose as a bush. No. No, I think not a word. We're still waiting. I said we're still waiting. We're still holding our breath. Yeah. I hope something comes on with this thing. Pentodelli, uh, what's the name Phil Dattay you've been doing the funding for, uh, Native Nader and, uh, if you were, they said yesterday, I thought his veins were very Commodeled his throat, uh, how he, uh, attacked the, uh, In fact, that we're giving money to the colors of, uh, Caliph Ceneons and all that sort of aircraft that, uh, um, in both Nader and he exposed, they, they both, uh, were out ramping and raining and back that we stopped giving money. World of Phoenix, it definitely being in Israel. Because they had a one with a gun, they had a one, they only have to sell it. Mm-hmm. And we're going to get people at the bottom of the port. Yeah. I think if we got all about the fact that there's a militia over there, also the carry gun. Yeah. Okay. Right. Speak for a cell. If they're bonding, you just say, just say, uh, the fill and just say, Oh, the Nader, if you want to say, uh, if you can, and that's okay, if you're going to vote for Bush instead. Yeah. Let's get those, you can and people out there. I think he's got a real clear message from America. In fact, there was you probably a little bit of, yeah. That's passion to delight those who's. If you want to vote, that's, that's what we love. That's what we love. What is it? Sure. You might rent from my name to write from our Chicago. Anyway, our poor country today, who do you hate the most on a show? George 71, Neil 11, hate them both equally 11, but London both are 180. I like that. They're in a lot of mood today. They love us. Can't you tell by these calls? Here's Miami, hello. Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, um, you know, I registered as a Republican when I was 18. I always voted Republican, but I don't think I'm going to vote Republican this time. And then I have probably a real late reason why, but when I was watching the debates a few weeks ago. Yeah. When they asked a Bush about the problem of the environment, they asked the same question to both guys, and they asked them what would he do? And he kept going, what are the votes of Vice President Gore? I would do further studies to prove that this and that. Like you need more proof that there's holes in the ozone layer. No, there's pollution in the Vendee for illustration. And just for that simple reason, basically honest, I'll probably vote for Gore, but that's not the main reason why I called. Okay. Um, we have a business in Miami. We put an ad in the paper for employee, you know, an hired employee. And I guess a job placement agency, Brett the team ad, and they backed it over. You know, how they would help us, still our positions. Their employment agents. Right. And so let's on the back was we have employees for opposition, um, blue color and white color. And they go down the list of communications to hospitality, but not blue color, blue color. Hey, look when you can choose to stand out the crowd man, I'll tell you. Well, I'm looking for a real good blue person to, you know, white color per person, a good come down there and help us out. No, what's your back number? What is your back number, Georgia? I don't want you to see this so you can put, so you can see that. We could have over a minute. Wait, is it? 640 or 190. 650 or 190. Oh, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, big county three or 5. They are you're the greatest. Thanks. 10, some of those group people over here. Huh? That's why we're getting blue. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, you're the 18, 2 and Verizon Wireless Line. Yeah, but Bill Clinton got two old jobs in a white house. We got a big morality back. Who are you people carrying? All these goodly two shoes. We got to bring morality back. Yeah. Like Roosevelt and his mistress and Nelson Rockefeller, that could be a public and with his mistress because he was too liberal for them. And Nixon would be Chinese real friend. And got on those about Bush. He sure couldn't have been doing Mark O'Rashnall a time. He had to be spreading it around. I don't remember there was a thing about Bush. I almost forgot about that. There was a he had a thing going. They all got their thing. But back in those days, people had enough common sense to realize that they're just people. And they take up chapters like everybody else. And they put their pantaloonies on one leg of the time just like we do. And keep your nose out of the goddamn clock. And everybody would be a hell of a lot better off for it. And if you're interested in how they still have a hood for the keep going around. Screamin' about that about this morality, which is just called for penis gay. And they just seem to have forgotten about Bob Woodenston and Henry Hyde and Dan Burton and his illegitimate son. And all these other corny baloney and Bob Balm and there were the 50 year old kid in Maryland. All good Republicans. She I hate to break the dose here. But I like that buddy there of a James Thompson for water there. I hate to break the studio boys and girls. They better get better buck on yourself and put your exciting news. But even Republicans have a penis. Yeah, how do you like that? Including some of the Republican women like this fellow shoe fly with her gay son. So here too much more filocity more doing. And how about the change with their burby daughter that is kind of hovering one toe in and one toe is out. And it was because of a dangerous position. Kind of straddling that line and one talking about with one foot in and one foot out. Here's the lady model and color red. Yes, I mean, yes, man. I listen to all the time. I know both you and Georgian. Georg does a good job when you're not there. The best. The best. You got that right. So I wanted to say I'm out of material. Listen to all the time. Okay. Thanks. Got ice. What you saying? She said five six seven. Oh, five six and a pound five six. How's that? Pull coming. And we should get this message off here from power out of this space. Very tough. Could screw you about that. When you go down the home. And pee in his food. Tell them we also want to this space on this thing. That's because he's got to do it that. Well, who does? Oh, I forgot. I know who has something to do with that. It's probably Bob vermice. Is that who has something to do with it? I know that piece of crap. Redneck. Yahoo. Meanderthal. Here's a third. Walking to it on legs. I just want to go on a bucket again. It's making sure everybody knows. Here is the corporate cheap engineer who in the three years plus that we've been on this station. I was done everything in his power to make sure that we fail. And it's spider-him. We didn't. I don't know what you like that. Everything that we needed. We couldn't have it. We're no one. Spide him. And it's crappy redneck attitude. And if anybody perfected for the B'slives and their corporate knee-andertal mentality, his company, he's with it. He beat it. Bob vermice. Have another drink, Bob. Gosh. If you look up the word, try to write in the dictionary. You'll see his push right next to it. And it's face, too. Twenty-six years after one is five, sixty WQF. The deal rods yourself. You'll support radio. Five, sixty. You'll see. You. This is a bunch of hoots. Wow. How are you, darling? I can go to the prison. I'm the enemy. Listen to me. Listen to me. I'm not a slave to the women of yours. I'm not a few girls who stop me. I'm pretty high. But nobody's made a guy. You're not. That you still wear makeup and rip the white pants. And the women with the leather under lunch, I guess. Wow. Look at the girl with the leather. Wow. I'm a little bit scared. So, Paul Jones, you got a new nose. That moment, because you've made a lot. Well, you got a new nose. Well, you got a new nose. You got a new nose. And that's how you get the girl. Well, I'll break your aura. But that won't give me one another. Well, no. That doesn't press me. Yeah. And I'll give one. I'll take you and I'll give it to you. She had a paper recorder, but she kept out of form. And after she escaped, she was very involved. She got herself the white ball and a tummy time. But she still has that blue ear. But she's got it. She's got it. So, when the trip got some surgery, that dumb impression. Well, you got the girl in my ear got the tattoo. That's how we got it. Yeah, I'll break your aura. But that won't give me one another. But that won't give me one another. That won't give me one another. That doesn't press me. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I forgot what I was telling. Oh, yeah. I got the tattoo. A vague, chunky girl with a purple eye. That name, yeah. That's a little bit of a lie. Well, click with waiting. The love for a door. I could have told. Well, Jamie went. How does it go? Well, I'm a different thing. I'm a red show. But I'm a piece of it. There's Veronica. You lost 40 pounds. That's not a passion, baby. Well, you got a red, you got a tattoo. And now I got the girl. Well, I was going to get all her eyes. But that won't give me one another. I'm a night. No. All her eyes. But love and passion. Jamie. And... I'm a person of a boy. Well, I'm Chad the cut of the break on her car. No offense. But I think I'd rather sleep with Kevin's car. When she gets birthed, I'd like her off-strict shit hatch. Big old wife. And an ass who might. Shut the glass. You'll make sure you don't get a girl. Come on. You'll make sure you don't get a girl. So Hillary, you're going to be a senator from the earth. Not knowing cash. There. I mean. I'll tell her. Well, you got a tattoo. And now I've got a tattoo. And now I've got a tattoo. And now I've got a tattoo. The world is dead, man. I've made her alive. The night. Oh, our power. The night has gone away. The night has gone away. That's not enough cash, Streeme. Like you. And that is not such a thing. That is what it's like. I've got a tattoo. The greatest person in the history of my life. I've answered it right now. I was watching him. I'm the newswriter. And I thought to myself, he is the best. Yes. I mean, I was just a little kid. When Roosevelt tried to die in 45. I was like, he's so what did I know? I mean, we had two men. And I was just a little kid. And when he started like a doctor. and he was kind of like a dumb form or anyway who just cooled their like that you know how Harry you know just and then we know now that he dropped a bomb on a Jeff just to scare Stalin and that they were already trying to try to surrender now we're gonna drop the bomb let's just go to that asshole they had it coming yeah that's right bunch of geek hoops well I have if it's good enough for John McCain to say their groups why can't he say it because he was tortured by them and then we had the a little bit right Eisenhower had a lot of interest in all these certain that he's very interested in a little bit and then what what he happened then we had Kennedy while we had they had Kennedy who wasn't president long enough to uh I really make a judgment but they sure had a good time and they're while I remember talking about getting a couple of board of just he they were a last at bubble I mean all man this guy's a joke it take a look at the things that he's doing to on top of you know what a pipe at least the Kennedy's had better taste and then we of course to follow that with Johnston who was there nothing but an eagle named yeah you know a lot of social programs but at the same time bring him 50,000 kids back and body back probably outweighed that you know what I'm saying about LVJ and all Eric and the prick there's another one who is like a schlepper and all of a sudden he made all this money a lot of his politics made millions and millions of butterflies radio TV stations and Texas the fence contractors always buddy all these kicks and Texas man the Johnson's and the bushes and then of course so when then we had Dick and Nixon too who would let's respect and retrospective wasn't for the fact that he was turned away in psychotic and all these other things was the media all I've had you know haha yeah if you look at that kind of like Dick and then after him we had the dumbest man in the history of the human race so I have the dumbest man whoever walked into the White House forget about the president the dumbest man in the original court of course the moon would look like that I mean a moron a burso was the worst guy he makes W look like a rocket scientist that how dumb zero court is and was yes make no mistake about it he was he was also the one that told us that the winner was at Poland was the communist dominated country he was like all confused about the yeah don't you remember that yes yes a really yeah really go back to sleep and it will be endemic head Jenna Carter I mean Jimmy Carter I mean let's face I mean well from Aintree every time I see Jimmy Carter on TV I think that's where I think of and I get the vision of Billy they're peeing on the side of a building somewhere Billy Carter with that score score Billy Bearing the sand or something in the sand and then we're slowly in over the 85 layers of wrinkles what a client that was felt like some from the Beverly Herbodies that outfit the Carter's the middle course we had Ronnie who a quarter we probably know about Ronnie but he doesn't remember any of it would just trickle down he was the first one I guess introduced that really not so compassionate conservatism and then we had Bush Sr that that that that that that that that that you see me blah blah blow is them all away they've almost think about all you Clinton haters out there okay you couldn't wipe his hands with both hands so here's that add to guy was talking about it's as we even put it in police for all positions from blue color to white color from communication to hospitality from finance to buttertailers that you are needed we got it from blue color to white color oh we'll take four blue people and a couple of whites yeah just to put those farts using no please 23 before 25 60 W2 I'm never gonna pull some they who would you rather have work in for you dark folks or blue people huh that's an excellent question I had a methamony blue people yet but it's really something to think about how young is too young oh yeah that's where Madonna hit her on thiney put frit pop a wall for her people at her feet she's not bad hygiene doesn't wipe too well that's a question I find it is really good now it's a party really needs a shower let's over back here all night now he don't come close it's smell like a virgin right above the stove back with Madonna now my hair has high and it's like in it with that seven people two at five 52 and boochiamies in the building he'll be here full and Hank's shoes and chair for these part of it between two and six and don't forget who's gonna be your first part of the show analyzing Rob Nita my is very awesome servant comments we need to have soft dumps that's the answer to the path what see what was the before one but there's robbing eater my says we need to have soft dumps or maybe hard around to make for sure we get it by him so let's see if the path is ever few soft dumps those 40 or 50 bucks will be at the game tonight five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's okay hello we know this is new though reminding you it's a good time for the great face yeah yeah listen still done to you the best is going crazy he's got wild eyes he's absolutely nuts yeah and I really think there's something going on between the neighbors you know what I mean could be maybe in a jay brown yeah well they're gonna put him in the hot smaller got him out of the house okay so go up here five six seven where's that noodle we still have that who could fit in here what is noodle oh it's in there you have good time for it has a great ticket new this is noodles reminding you that it's always a good time for it's a great well those were the days what old blood be dialed noodles were grappling around looking for audience and my show never those days when it were like oh yeah in search of it that's before Greg went to work as a waiter with these still in country kitchen you're on filling road in the Hollywood and then ran off with the fill the bugman that's what I'm hearing I heard they all together ran off to Ramana similar or was it close to Lisa here's a lady noble and western hello came you know I'm so I'm put on letterman and he has somehow come to see him has such high pollution and go to office had to save with the week out of cars and sex and then what a great answer huh great answer and then he asked him about the depth penalty and how many safety net is actually has a death penalty but so I don't know I really about that yeah he doesn't know isn't that great yeah for the course after we show more course of audition and the map they go work on that one thanks sweetheart he doesn't know say who did I we just discussed in this during the break when he was in here and it's true anybody with even a tiny little brain we we just all continue wondering how is it possible that anyone could vote for this man he's not only a great piece on impressive he looks like he just brought out of the sacra that's bumpy a great hit he's went to look like an am not not an imagina course the fact that he's always like oh yeah what was made for passages which he thinks has something to do with a goddamn pan of alcanale that's right next to those days of past year oh my god what country that is I I rack I ran and passes I can't go vote for Gore here's a pepper time tell me oh yes sure before I let the three the agreed with you on my plan I have told time as I go back to the late 30s and they say that claim is the best of the team I mean they can care to our two alley as a great it another thing they can care to be public and party is being very very a part of him party and some of the people that I talked to we ladies that we talk in parties who are some of them are copying yeah all right and I want to say something about Bill McCarram you're not them but I already do the green go okay yeah broma calling you all done sweetheart he has got a Chinaman's chance in hell where does that they are Christ this means the piece of crap so strict and slow very self yeah at the time you get through it so kind of limp again five six seven oh five six the pound five six the on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line we still got 45 the open line today I know we only got two minutes ago but it doesn't look too promising right now does it oh no not promising here's a mobile in my any hello all right yes sir yeah I'd like to give all of those gun loving who we have that there are five different perspective I'm feeling like the good one yeah the gun loving I didn't know we heard from many of them we gave all of those there are some of them but usually I knew you didn't forth a Jewel I but anyway anyway anyway yeah yeah yeah we're on from we don't have a second amendment the name you don't have a first amendment how can you have a second amendment I know what I mean what I'm saying is there's no law on the book thing you can only come we haven't been subject to it all these Americans are right I hope we can only a gun what the thought the government from just taking over and participating extra bear will mark a baby right once we've got them from I haven't gotten to us I can't get another interesting statistic yeah but you but you we weren't taken over by the Queen yet they're working on it like in Vermont but yeah anyway it was pretty funny it only people were killed by guns in the United States in 1998 50 thousand they were the five backmen but it was over 12000 and they were killed with the UK 82 22 yeah I knew it was well I mean I guarantee that we've become more people of the good weekend here than they kill in all of Europe for in six months here's what they did here there's what they should do they should outlaw guns or forget the pan and right and all the companies right now really some call normal places but they make the guns they should they should obviously just land for the you know the gun make the equipment and turn them to grown rooms were really good rock a little bit at high of the night you talking that nice and now you talking is that a suggestion or what a little or good we did maybe some of that British spotted dick absolutely okay maybe not pay us a little yes I don't know I'll be right back in this wiping issue I'll be right people no when they're done wiping by the snow back as well as fingers they can smell their fingers that's right and when you can smell your fingers who needs paper okay cut off you said keep my prayer everybody oh yeah we should both be excited about later because he's really the criminalization they're part but too seriously you know that's why these young people are jumping on the band wagon so if you had any chance you're often if you had any reasonable understanding of the world and a foreign policy like in a real world and so don't always sorry I jury I was going to say jury Brown he's like a hundred yards beyond jury Brown he's right years beyond jay Brown in terms of right handness and foolishness and all the impossible unrealistic things that he advocates so while some of the may sound will go good to a bunch of a pot head down there the fact is that he's ridiculous is number like this said not ridiculous and somebody in his position can't afford to look ridiculous ten before two it but that's what we need for the cabinet done Coralione huh secretary of the state I do like metal all by button done Coralione got the upper hand or the upper hand or the upper hand anyway Neil Rogers shows sports radio five sixties you hey oh Neil my queen Carl hey are you a sex with fruit hearing about these and colleges you've never been to worshiping the social drawing main call for a coach or name is a friend your own opinion so you're supposed to call an export or radio share for their fate but you need something to do in the field and thank you and you're being forced to think that this bread has just chat done around yourself with spright inside and out with the satisfying taste that growing Jews chat staff done is individually wrapped six of yellow drop a sort of in the over of your favorite athlete so in grace of thunder and enjoy a long last inflow around the geoswett I was away with what we're doing also about okay here I want to read it again before the day is over with maybe two two human should have been read this two by somebody try an opportunity I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolutely where no religious bodies used to impose its world directly or indirectly upon the general populace or every man is the same way to repent or not attend the church of his choice that's what it's all about you leave them and not try to force your god bullcraft on everybody else and try to give us a big star in advance because you're a professional Jew with a mizzid deep inside your ass oh god I can't stand him I dare and damn to you that if we had somebody else on the ticket beside Jeweloverman go be 15 20 80 points ahead right now you know I'm saying I'm easy Christaw money how how do they do it what are these finding losers Michael's the kaka all you have to look at him and you say oh you can't people kid me put him on TV for quite handstand on 16 telephone books here's the fact this is I'm in favor of Neil hosting over 70 election you've sure remember six days choice yeah we're gonna have an election show here on Q a n oh you crazy also how about that NAS that that's only down about 143 points what do you want don't you understand the forces of money you've got to drive that thing down between our election day they got a cell like hell and drive that down to everybody getting to a panic about the guy damn market and think the economy's going to crap that's what it's all about here's Virginia key hello yeah hey you listen earlier about you never met a blue person oh yeah don't even know how to not be alone there's a so lack of a better word of calm as a tribe of people up in the photos of Kentucky and they're they're not immediately in bread like brother censor but they marry first cousins and stuff and second cousins yeah and they have a blue tent to them yeah and they sit up in the tree and play the band you're alive that's exactly right all right and secondly you're right about the electoral college they can absolutely go completely opposite of the popular vote sure there's absolutely nothing that's been made by law that makes them vote the way to pop their vote well not not you're missing the point it's not a question of which way that which way the electors are going to vote it's a question of the popular vote isn't necessarily going to be flat the electoral college they spend the the states that's what the party exactly no I agree we don't know that he'd wake up yeah I can smell the ghost of up and we hate just uh... in a hallway have a great day pal okay if you'd ever be here's a Josh he may be smell of the door must be Josh so they've discussed that problem of him and it hasn't done a good as always you're saying to me it's a problem of clean up denial now you're busy doesn't think that and we don't have to tell those chairs out and Joe castor didn't really beook correct now there would be a good question for Joe castella which makes him be a fancier having Josh feeding the room or seeing colors here's Miami hello yes sir yeah i just want to see me a bit of the call of Jones last night i start the queue