What's Gary muttering tonight? In crying mind, what to know? That's why inquiring mind's read the Miami hero. It's more easy for a really having sex with an alien from outer space. It's from the hell! He's part of the Hawkins' The Crew murder of the elephant. It's the hell! John Kennedy's pleading with Matt's hair. It's the hell! It's too big about to get birth to Jerry Falwell, baby. I think the hell! Sex, sex, more! What the hell is in the hell? A lot of dairy hearts amazing rice, die from Florida. A cropboard puzzle that has no answer. A long fuel-assurciation just for us! I pump my letters to Neil Wattler! And we're so sorry Uncle Albert, but we haven't heard of bloody thing all day. Wattling! It's all in the ladies' ears! The FBI! I'm a hero! Available at Supermarket Checkout Congress everywhere, and we're finally in the newest fray. I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm so sorry! I'm really sorry! I'm so sorry! The power is electrodes towed around the by the way. We've already had money across, but we took out a lot of money and didn't a lot of money off of that. So, let's listen. All right, I'm so sorry! I did not want to apologize to our entire party, but I think whoever was coming back from theraf stream cornering into the way and of that sake will be in next week's practice.τι Cynezard 1 Joena Hewould you guys understand me, and if you are personally pretty busy or unwilling to join this program, maybe release this episode of television, and it's still in your memory i checked. So, now I'm so sorry! pieces of hate mail in the history of my life. This is classic. Everyone in the building has read it. We've taken a survey and except for screw-in everybody in the building says, oh, we know who wrote that. Pete Lenny. Well, that's a name on it. But anyway, we'll get to that in a second. Thanks to Edike and Kaplan Good Guy, like I always told you, come through with a nice fat check for Planned Pirate of thank you, Eddie. One of the very few on the air people is a matter of fact, here at QN, the came through for us this year. Because the rest of the people I guess are having a tough time covering all those bets. But in any way, Edike comes through. A Speaker of Planned Pirate will be at the pizza lobby between 6 and 9 pm tonight. Miguel will be there with bells on, signing his autographs. We got those buttons. Not the key change dummies, the buttons. The ones with my push on, and they're free. And then we got the best meal CDs because it, do we have numbers that we have a new total or anything? Miguel, he's working on it. He's hurtful too. He'd be going to get it. But at any rate, so that's only a parent this year for Planned Pirate, because I think it would maybe be a raise a few bucks. And I don't know if that's why not to watch it and give a nice pre-meal, because that's what we specialize in here at QN. It's feed meals. It's really anything. I think for us, not pay for you folks out there. When you show up tonight between 6 and 9, you'll have to buy your own food. We'll have free buttons and free autograph cards and some chicken-sided t-shirts, maybe. That's why a chicken-sided t-shirt, if a buddy bombshoes up, would you say he would? And I'll give those out to him, everybody, please. So what should I do for sure? I do Kevin Baxter. I get no, well, I'll say Kevin Baxter. Hey, guess what Kevin, the light bulb ain't on the air anymore, you bozo? This is so typical, so perfect to this town. And when you know the hero today, this looks like we've had it to the yesterday, they have their editorial. And they don't want to go too far. And then the hero, and the growd edition, it's like the second editorial. I'm not sure about the data edition one of this, which is the editorial page around. It's like the second editorial down about how we, you know, this thing with a stadium in, but it'd be better, but the most important thing is we got to get it done. We got to get it done. And I've got a whole different philosophy about it today. What the hell was I getting all better shape about it yesterday for? I'm getting psychotic about it. Why? I'm not even Hank when I'm a bit of a so-box in the tirade. It sounded like me talking. Let me was talking about textbooks and schools and, you know, hold those people all this stuff priorities. But I'm not going to change the priorities of the American public, or the people in South Florida, or the goddamn politicians in Dave County, or the people who live in Dave County. If that's what you want, go in ahead. If that makes you happy, go ahead. Build another stadium on a restreet corner. If that's what you think is important. Our survey, though, didn't seem to agree with that. Do you support the new stadium deal in Miami for the mollins? We had 841 votes quite a few of you asked me. 612 said, no way. 72.7% said no. 229 said yes. That's only 27%. 73 to 27% said no. I saw Channel 10. I was at the track last night. And I flipped the Flip it around on the channel. They're looking for Northville bombs. I got snowed out. But anyway, Channel 10 had a survey of their own, and they broke it down by Dayton Broward. And they're surveyed much closer of course, because probably the emollins lookers were the ones who were voting on that thing. One thing about the polls, just like the Penny Sales Tax member that, our surveys on those are how a lot closer to reality. Because it's not just the sports of their voting, it's our whole general audience to group falls out there. And the whole general audience to group falls says, no, we don't want this. We don't want to be subsidizing any more millionaires of billionaires. Especially at a time, for example, good example is Wayne. And I heard the good news, Glylli, head on this morning, that maybe the island is going to offer Bill Torrey, a job up there, and that maybe we'd want to bring him back in the meeting with the whole of the, or whoever the hell it was. Now pack him a bow tie in a sandwich and the whole organization. But in the meantime, the fans of being held hostage again, even after building $182 million a beautiful arena stayed to the end up there for ball the end his team after he threatened to take them out of town. Because guess what, he's unloading him and he's got a buyer, one or two guys on the hook and the deal of an at least getting very close. But we still have where held hostage because Torrey comes out with a morning guy yesterday and has the audacity to come out at least to his honest enough. But audacity to slap you in the face say, well, we can't make any moves because until after the deal is done. So in the meantime, just like last night, the effort continued getting embarrassed over and over and over again and after 32 games, they still have six wins by far the few has been leading, including the girl's expansion teams. But you're supposed to continue subsidizing it. But the Badakya said, it's up to you. I'm not going to bust the gut. I'm not going to have a nervous breakdown. If they build this asshole with stadium, go where they would. Take the most valuable piece of water for property in the whole city and just hand it over to this slime ball. And then of course they go out right on the heels of this yesterday and they make the deal with Charles Johnson over. Bring on CJ back, 7 million a year, five year deal, 35 million bucks. Of course the only thing is it's all written in all the ifs, the cloud causes in there. If they don't get the stadium after 2001 he's by by. See and all the other ifs put the nands. But they're trying to put on the front that, oh, yeah, see if you're just doing it first. We'll go out there and spend a lot of money. Well, let me ask you this, didn't the mallons it seems to me three years ago already win a world series? Did that change anything? Did it change the quality of life in South Florida? Did it change my life? Did it fall? No. Did it change your life? You talking to me? Yeah. I mean, what are we talking about? Let's get serious. We're a world serious. Let's get down to important things like this letter. This, this, this made my day, my week, my life. And you know something for the first time at over a year now I saw screw in. She actually came up here with a little red dress on. Looking red date and you get to look and just like screw in. And you know something she hasn't changed. I'm so glad that I haven't seen her for over a year. Still defending the defenseless still pedal in the same blue crap. And of course she's the sales manager of one of our 20 sales managers and since he goes out and hires a lot of misfits and I'm not saying that everybody in our sales department's a misfit just most. Since he hires them and nobody else will, she's got an effendom because it's her crew, it's her people, it's her guys, like good or broy who ain't here no more. But nevertheless, oh yeah, I'll get in the letter in a second. Great letter from a listener by the name of Pete Lenny. I think you'll enjoy it and then I'll get into Kevin Baxter's article in the hero this morning which again typical of the hero. I just want to say one thing. March 1st will be 25 years that I've been on the year very successfully in this market. Thank you. 25 years March 1st and I've done it without the help of the hero. The only person who ever ruled anything good in the hero who works for them. Ellie Brecker, who just a groupy, who's got her head. By the way, you're going to make room for Ellie in Al's ass because she wants to get her head up there too, George. But at any rate, I mean, she wrote a couple of pop pieces but she's a string or she don't really work for the hero. The late Bill Cospour was a great guy in a big fan and a frequent guest on the show back in those days when we did guest who unfortunately died a very young and unexpected death some years ago, diabetes. He used to write great articles about me and about the show and about the baseball broadcast and a lot of things I've done here. Other than that, the hero hates me like poison the feeling is mutual. So it comes as no surprise to me whatsoever that a jackass little pansy like Kevin Baxter who probably don't even own a real radio who I'm always listening right now. It's part of all those part noises which I dedicated that that a piece didn't be for. Right to stupid, idiot thing as an excuse for taking another shot of me in the show. Great. Just keeps spelling the name why Kevin because that's obviously the best you can do. More fortunate to further make these recently, could have a best written commission at WCLN this is why I have to incorporate the wear of exploding balls. Look, look, look, look, look, where is Rural? I can't find Rural. Who's the radio? Who's the radio? Hey, what's that all for the play? It's real terrible. I don't know, I can take that now. Oh no. No, the ring's there got out and I got the radio. Who's the radio? Who's the radio? Who's the radio? Who's the radio? Who's the radio? Hey, what's that all for the play? It's another ring. It's a ring now, it's the right ear. And you're the same sound guy, I am here. Look at that. Who's the radio? Who's the radio? Who's the radio? Who's the radio? Who's the radio? Who's the radio? Who's the radio? 15 at 5.60 W to QIM. Somebody, look at this, the gray goose vodka people. Do we know the gray goose vodka people? I don't think so, but anyway, they know me. They send me a nice card, holiday card, and also it says that the good times Rural and there's like a little cube, but this isn't cube. And like on one side, it says gray goose or get goose. And then yes, later, no. No way, no doubt, etc. That's kind of cute. So maybe we'll make some of our programming decisions for this thing. Kevin Baxter would probably like that. So anyway, here's this great letter that I get. What are you laughing about? This is classic. What do you mean what am I laughing about? What am I not laughing about? I mean, I know over the years you get hate mail, you get nice mail, you get goofy mail, you get crazy people, it's any little postcard that are typed like all over the outside the edges, but I mean, this is one of the all-time best. And I'll read it. Yeah, I'm going to have to substitute a lot of like many of the words because there are a lot of those words in here, but I'll try to do the best not to not to destroy the essence of this letter. It says, dear fat F and free voter, how dare you talk poorly regarding one of my favorite restaurants in all of South Florida, the little red caboos, delicious burgers, sauteed an onions with fantastic hand cut fries, outstanding. First of all, if I ever talk bad about the little red caboos, oh, I don't think so, but anyway, go down to say, you think we don't read between the lines with your screaming schmitt noises and you're ever popular fart cart, you fat set of a bitch you make me sick. You are cheap F and fat ass free loading scumbag with a Cuban houseboy sidekick to kiss your ass and change your depends diapers. George is a sad sack of schmitt who just waiting for one of those free F and meals to give you that final kick in the ass and you dropped it with hamburger juice oozing from your fat double chin. I wish you would go through a drive through fat food joint, such as arby's for example, take four beef and chetters, shoving down your free load and f and throat, choke and violently kick the floor and croak. Then they come in and expect you did tell itless body and properly shove a jemokri shake up your ass for good measure. As for your workless show, you're lucky to have so much talent in yourselves, the department just to be able to sell a show of the schmitt that you're peddling. What kind of humanoid would spend $1 on a show full or schmitt noises, juice begging for free food, juice bringing in free pizza, Cuban eating ass, a program that is a venue for you, the cheap F and due to get free schmitt. Go away and take that F and rap writing Cuban scumbag with you except for KY jelly. I don't know who would buy a commercial on the four hours of schmitt you do daily. You should kiss every sales person's ass and thank them for anything they can sell. You are a pathetic schmitt he'll as manch to eat out a living into this radio market that is desperate for a noise that oozes out of their radio. I call it a cheap F and scumbag in the right place at the right time. As for the so-called charity drive you do, we all know your schimsyre is dollars off the top of it. You ain't bush mitten anyone asshole. You're the equivalent to Jay Lewis of the least eight bans women and is a chain smoking non-foney Jew. Reminds me of you. You cheap F and Jews are all like keep scam to keep scamming that chump change or there's another line yet that chump change. Keep scamming that chump change. People know you schim that's why every year the dollars go down. I never listen to your free schmitt for Jews program. Why don't you do every one a big F and favor pack and take your schmitt take your tip to facts do damn. You've long asked over the people here. Now it's time to take your pathetic burger fields think he schmitt filled corpse somewhere else. As for George, pass this letter over to him and let him see that he's not wanted either. George, go play with yourself you bed wetter with an electric blanket. I love going to dinner with your wife and she even pays with your money. Money you make while standing by yourself or mode broadcast keeps standing there alone with your free sandwiches and so phone deals. I'll be enjoying quality time with the old lady F off you Jagovs signed Pete Lenny. She knows a lot about the show and you for someone who doesn't listen. Yeah and somebody who doesn't work here. Yeah. Pete Lenny. And what thing to do ourselves in your Pete Lenny? That sounds very similar to the name of one of our sales people here that was acting like was orange. And I was just a coincidence. Even screw-in was up here. Oh no he wouldn't do that. That's not his handwriting on the back and about yeah. Right. And of course I don't know. It did come in an envelope, you know, with a phone you return address. But we just got a tremendous kick out of it and it sounded so familiar. It sounded just like the kind of stuff we hear inside all the time from a certain somebody like them. In fact, when I hear this commercial, it makes me kind of like red, rough and the sore. I'll light and get sore this time. I just got very amused. Anyway, here's the fact that says you endured rock listen by the internet and ball the more of you day. How do you like that? Finally got some time to move out of Florida moved the ball the more. It's sort of in so often. Thank you, sir. I think it's as more of an I can't really tell and prove your handwriting but have a great life. Anybody that sound familiar to anybody out there maybe in the building that the letter that I just wrote sounded off of a familiar to me. In fact, the second sentence that I read it sounded just like somebody in the building. We have only one dissenting opinion on that theory. And who's that? Screw in. Oh, no, that's not a dissenting opinion. That's called a cover up. That's called obfuscation, which he's always done defending her troops defending the indefensible. And like I said, she hasn't changed a bit. Not one Ioda. She stole a piece of crap. She stole a goa. If there were people, if there were women in a sewer somewhere, she would hire them put them in some kind of a goddamn be up old suit and send them out to sell. But at any rate, how's Roy doing? So Kevin Baxter in a hero which they just love me like poison and the feeling is mutual. That little trippy, uh, maggot Kevin Baxter writes. Topical radio is hardly the talk of South Florida in his around the dial column this morning. And I'm sure that there's going to be a core of people over the edge of a hundred of it. Oh, you know, he's got a good point. And you also think he doesn't even mention your girlfriend in here who did such a fine job during the election stuff. He doesn't even mention her. Maybe somebody ought to tell him? So the article says, I'm going to read the whole thing because it's really it's almost as good as the letter I just read. Can we talk? Not if we live in South Florida, at least not if we wanted to discuss local issues. If the events of the past year taught us anything, it's that South Florida lacks of place where all its people can gather or argue over the news of the day or have spirited political dialogue is welcome where people can blow off steam or listen to the descending point viewpoints. It lacks a true talk radio station. While there were plenty of developments in South Florida radio in the past year, Cox Communications Threat to Reform at classical music station WTMI FM, they continued sacrifice of creativity and local programming on the altar of consolidation. New Rogers percolating a million dollar contract with Beesley Broadcasting and a radio on Bees rise to number one in the spring of the Toronto ratings nothing stood out more than the absence of local issues or yet its station. How do you like is that what stood out to you, George? Nothing stood out more than that. A local issues or yet its station which we haven't had since before Jerry Wichner was an infant. It goes on to say, not that this is a new development. This net the nation's 12 largest radio markets but without a true English language talk station since WNWSAM 790 give up the format in 1990. Now can I interrupt just for a moment here, right on the bulletin board behind me we have a nice color photograph of the tombstone that we placed one in the front lawn there. From the earth's news crews when we were at IOD after they finally switched format and gave up the ghost because their ratings were virtually invisible and that demographics were older than Muffaloosla. Ratings and demographics keep those two words in mind Kevin for later on in the discussion. You little torpe you jackass? It goes on to say, now however even the outside world is beginning to when the BBC and CNN sent crews here earlier this month to capture local opinion of the election fiasco both what looking for a topical mommy based talk show. Now how do you know that unless he heard us talking about that here? Do you think they called him at the hero? No. The closest thing they found was Rodgers for our weekday program on WQAMM 560 do thinly veal racist humor and taped fart sounds constitutes serious political dialogue? No he writes and capital letters with an explanation as in no no. In addition to which they're not on tape okay do in the 360 which you will understand the speed of equipment and not on tape. No. In the real in fact there's one I just come for you a real one. Can you smell of Kevin? You more on 15 years ago South Florida was the mouth of the South thanks to a robust market that included for the country's premier talkers WNWS WIDWIOD WI&Z and WGBS. Opinionated host such as Rodgers Steve Kainel, Rantel and John Broward John Broward do a large and loyal audiences with listeners far away as Cuba. So we have listeners far away as Cuba, George? Yes. They love it by the way. In fact I just read a facts from somebody listens on the internet and borrow them or which is a lot farther away from from the Cuba but maybe somebody else show you where it is on a map Kevin. Even on a Saturday night you didn't have to move far along the AM dial to find informed and fluent conversation. Today WNWS's border station Waxi 790 radios version of cable access and WGBS has become WAKUI, a Rodio Mombi, the country's most successful Spanish language news talks station. Rodgers mean while moved to a sports talks station which dispring way to the market's high-paid radio host with another 12 weeks of vacation as a reward while Rantel eventually landed at a talk show at KBC at 790 Los Angeles and here's a picture of Alice Rantel from her younger days. And although WI and ZNWI would retain news talk formats their programming has become a mix of syndicated fair produced thousands of miles away and local show host to local shows whose host preferred gags, batter and stick over substance. As a result and here it comes my favorite party article Kevin there's a special place in hell for your newspaper okay. Not that I'm looking for any credit for anybody because I know the good stuff I don't know when we do good stuff and I know what it goes over like a pregnant pole vault. It says as a result if you wanted to have a serious even handed discussion of the alien Gonzalo Gonzalo saga there was no local show to call. And if you wanted to discuss irregularities that you're polling place doing voter gate and not get hung up on if you disagree with the host well better take it down to the corner Starbucks buddy. The Spanish language stations question mark forget them. Although the shows are animated in the issues addressed hyper local the host are more interested in demagoguery than dialogue. And community leaders wonder why we're so divided. There's no place we can go to talk and listen to one another. But then what should we expect at a radio market that's been drained of its age and creativity by the consolidation that continues to choke the radio industry. Now here comes another great part you'll be all appreciate this. WPO WFN 96.5 with a stable of counted DJs and a program directed willing to take chances in kid curry is the only station that shows even occasional signs of independent thought and it's been rewarded with the largest audience in Florida you take someone would notice. And when it comes to taking those chances and the European users that kid curry is planned out and all here by the way I don't want to mention who it is that brings the music in that he plays. Oh. Is this incredible? Here's a guy writing on what it's supposed to be on me just like the picture of an only a yoke and into the a couple of days ago with a captain of Robert's fatal underneath it. They haven't got any idea what they're writing about. So Kevin you fit in like a rubber glove just like a proctor just finger in your back though. That in perfect sweetheart. Taking chances. Instead we get Kentucky based career channel donations largest broadcaster and owner of a seven station cluster that draws 20% of the software to audience filling those such shows as Rush Limbaugh, Dr. Laura, Lionel and the Phil Henry Show all naturally syndicated programs managed by career channels premiere radio networks. Are you sure mean while Atlanta based Cox which manages for the market stop for all stations following its purchase of WTMI, Quava growing fear or by pledging short term allegiance to the stations much love classical music format. That was a good move but then it squandered some of the good will by laying off popular on air personality such as China valla's Mark Harton Ken Martin. Cox this year also closed its purchase of urban user station WEDR and wisely chose to leave that station of public institution and software to stop right out let alone. A public institution they be jammed it. However because the company is publicly traded pressure to justify a $100 million purchase of WTMI could build quickly and that likelihood continues to fuel speculation that a switch to a more lucrative format is inevitable even though WTMI is the market's only classical station. Among the possible alternatives FM talk which one major broadcast reporter likened to printing Martin printing on it on FM talk such a change you're sure to win playing emotions invite to discussion inspired debate two bad sound photo doesn't have a place where we could go to talk about it. Let's Kevin back to vaster to be continued after the break. Just a typical kind of crap that you'd expect in the hero and by the way Kevin says there's another one for you no extra charge and not on tape this might be on tape and that's for you too. 1028 is 560 WQ and only in the banana republic baby only in Miami. I'm doing that down on my tripod I must have said pick up the phone 15 times in there you want to know why because I was thinking about this article by Kevin Baxter and there was a promo that had been wrecking my brain and finally it hit me right in the middle of doing that spot. It was Sandy Payton who did a promo back in the old Io D days when she and Bill Smith got resurrected from KAT and the promo it just it just was so we'd be like it's the open the phone it was just yeah that was the line in the spot he opened the phone like there was something novel and unique about in taking phone calls on a telephone talk show but have a nice day yeah thank you Sandy how's Anne's body doing well that thing was be really hooked over by now but in any way just like a bank account Sandy Payton let's bring Sandy back to lovely lady and let's bring back how can be doesn't mention the light bulb in here WFDL that was the last message we have at the kind of station he was talking about you see Kevin I hate to break the news to you but this since you're talking about printing money and since you know financial expediency for broadcast companies that's what it's all about this is a business he's not like what you say uh a public institution no no radio station the public institution not anymore what about NPR no even that's not a public institution people listen to it belong in the institution but nevertheless suit of intellectuals the fact is we're here to make money we're here to make money we're here to have ratings we're which we used to have of course the trend will be up to the answer we don't have any more but nevertheless for the last many many years we've been doing pretty damn good in spite of all those take part sounds that offend you so much and all those other stations you're talking about they didn't grow by the wayside because they didn't care about the public or because uh they just didn't know what to tell they were doing they went by the wayside because they failed because they didn't have any audience because what audience they did have was older than the cruiser and since you're so excited about the big story over a lot of your mom be even or they've had that big audience beat between alien and the election all through the year the fact is that they're graphically their audiences older than than the hills 12 plus they got that big number you look at 25 to 54 which I just didn't last trend the number 16 and the trend before that the number 19 which goes back even into part of the alien stuff well 25 to 54 is where it's after adult stations are hate to break the news here unless you want to sell a lot of power then and maybe those copper bracelets those magnetic bracelets those are good in certain parts of the community with certain old green tooth people but the fact is who's he talking about Wiod some of us you know some of us used to work at Wiod they missed it we know what that was all about Wiod oh I hate that stage yeah when it was a great station and the same cops people that you now fantasize are going to take their big hundred thousand watt fnw tmi and make it if see this this sounds to me like a puppies like they're kind of like you know sticking their finger out the window see which way the wind is blowing there there's no more chance that cops is going to go back in the talk and especially put it on fn why would they do it now when they had a great talk station on Wiod and they had said they could have put it on all kinds of fn stations that they could have brought back in those days which was the popular rumor well in tooth they were really selling us out from underneath them because they couldn't make any money with us so I'll give you a son of dance Kevin that anybody in his business believes that fn talk is is like printing money I only wish that were the truth because when I rather be when we much rather be on fn I would like a real signal and like people under the age of 100 already on that band who didn't their locked in as opposed to hoping that maybe someday they might still refer to my break or maybe they get in a pickup truck that's only got an AM and they might discover spy accident because the only way get get audience build on this radio station because they sure is out so through a goddamn times worth of promotion anymore nothing nothing zero zippity doodah we build our audience spy ass moses by word of mouth one mouth at a time so as much as I'd love to believe that and an addition to which who are they going to put on the air there who are the liplified personalities like how about Greg or they're going to put him on the air yeah we could bring out back look at all the great losers that they've had on talk about ing let's take a look at clear channel and before them a passion buddy but it all a great winners they put on the air like the babbling brook who's who are points scoops to poop put on Greg yeah Greg oh my church the sheep the rabbit yeah oh yeah there's this more the list continues going what's your name you're the one in the afternoon that I can't never think of her name it was on for five minutes Karen okay oh there we're out of the one say the other one what the hell was the one the bitch that got kind over there just a few months ago before how about it oh you see and the interesting part of it is that all of these so called great discoveries over there most of them their idea of getting an audience just like Greg oh how many shows can you do about how your girlfriends excrement looks and smells that was was topic that was it that was the beginning of the end how gross can we be how disgusting can we be and and that's going to build an audience all the young people or guess what it's all been done before there's nothing revolutionary there's nothing radical there's nothing new it's all been done in her before you can say crap you can make your partner noises and unless you're entertaining unless nobody is gonna listen Kevin and his book grab about double your snooze and like I said he left out the lightball because that would have been too embarrassing yeah that would be to yeah let's put my attorney let's put Norma Kett back on here what do you say oh and let's put the joys Kaufman back on oh yeah and as much as I love me is a good friend of mine Craig Wardings a good guy but the problem with Craig is over the years he continued pandering that over 90 audience and now he's uh back out on the beach again FTO yeah FTO's the lightball the elephant's graveyard and isn't that a wonderful place where we can go and talk about you and how long Craig how I would see I think you have a terrible I think Norman had a good point I I looked you all of that I did it for years mister you don't have to give me no lecture about god damn talk show I don't know how to do it talk show or somebody I know would say you don't say that only yeah and if you if you think anybody in a right mind is gonna go back to putting the same kind of steel or dribble on here and I also hate to break the news to you Kevin Baxter and you more on that they wrote that one something is growing on in his community like the penny sales tax which a lot of people gave me credit for helping to get that thing defeated and brand wake up the public here since the mayor would get once again was try to put a fast one over on the public this is the show where people discussed that and vented both ways about it as far as getting hung up on I hate to break the news here even John Brower del H. John Brower that right wing nut case who was just an iconic listener they put on here on I and Z you could have put his all audience in in a telephone booth but even John Brower hung up on people yeah that's right we're not here to be polite we're here to be entertaining Kevin and during the alien saga was there any place on the English language radio dial besides this radio show where people went to talk about alien on a radio oh no you jackass you simple then you idiot you're cruising and during voter gate seems to me that we talked about that for weeks before the election the day of the election we were getting calls from people in Palm Beach County talking about the probably the first time any of us heard about the god then confusing butterfly ballot right here on this radio show while you run vacation we kept to go yeah but all excuse us for try to be entertaining and not not appealing to Kevin Baxter have at least hold this guy you've had no yeah like my age I thought yeah but unfortunately he's got the which is why he's perfect for the heroine south for us because he's got the mind of a 90 year of man yeah he wants the light bulb back come on let's bring Alice rent tell back and do those issue war yet at topics what he is saying no absolutely positively no oh and the community leaves wonder why we're so divided I hate to break the news to you mister but in 1980 during the mario bullet this community was more divided than in any time of up till alien there was no time in history of this town it was more divided than in 1980 during mario and if you think that it was helped by those conversations that we all had on the year by the history there was going back and forth in the death threats and all of that crap if you think that helped to suit any feelings or to bring the community together your wistland dixie you're you're more on Kevin hello we already know that yeah we're gonna solve the problems of the world right here on a radio we're gonna bring the people with the community together I got news for it just like I said a couple of days ago and I'll say it again today and it's a sad thing to say but it's true this community will never ever be to get that's why this is a failed experiment and just like they they can put the stadium downtown Miami defect is that unlike Baltimore Cleveland any place else people in this town don't want to go to downtown Miami not just because they don't feel it's safe but because they feel it's a foreign country because they feel it's not a place where they belong and that's never going to change never and I've only used the good to say it now it's getting even worse you know there's been buys out the whammy and that whole chain over there very dealer so there's another Spanish language to these stations and here he's here he's raven about the great way to use a radio mombie yeah look at those Spanish language radio ratings radio on more radio romansia those are the top stations so if you think that their community is being brought together you're you're in a dream world you're enough alien was the final straw that just cracked this town by open we were making a little bit of progress the the Coast Guard episode last year that that didn't help that started the undoing what progress had been made and then alien that was like that was the straw that drove the Prophet camels back that was like a home with you and lucky yeah and good luck to your Kevin continuing living in your dream world in your fantasy land I hope you enjoyed a lightball maybe got some old joys compliment tapes or maybe normal camp would like to do a show in a spare time normal do a show just pipe a directly into the hill over there there's many people listening over there as you did before in a lightball 18 before 11 at 5.50 WCM the Neil Roger show sports radio 5.60 you a man this is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station is this on hi I'm Rose Fold your program director for super talk if you're wondering why you can't hear Rick and so it's any more well we decided to buy out the remainder of their contract in order to provide you with more of well what we consider to be a brilliant feet of radio programming that bringing radio to busying heights and I hope you'll join me in welcoming this latest addition to super talk thank you it's been good time now and years your home join Scottman hello my dolling and welcome to the school in good time now where we will buy your clothes with such wonderful gifts and prizes you'll fill with joy like this lovely 1989 weekly remarky and it's dated white which of course everybody knows that makes it cooler and when I come back I'll be happy to tell you all about our free coupon giveaway for Dr. Schloiny House of Animals 1046 we love more Joyce Calvin Labort and those that's what we need see it's all about demographics it's all about ratings it's all about making money it's all about getting living and breathing people listening to talk shows it's all about being entertainings what it's all about you Jack has come back to what you wouldn't understand because you work for a newspaper that's not in the least bit informative or entertaining just pathetic 25 years for that huh so like I said it's by the the hill some how will scrape through here's our pool today I listened to the almostly for humor we've taken a similar movie for but I thought the timing would be good for Kevin's sake for humor for topics for little of both or because he pisses me off for choices yeah I listened to the almostly for humor for topics for little of both or because he pisses me off yeah let's go back let's turn the clock back because then don't forget let's put how about we take the old staff the one to the store live from the light bulb and put them on TMI call a bob green that's a great idea yeah normal what would be back on your winning or you bet he probably paid that to go on a video and we can get your scoutman we can put Sandy back on the air maybe Bill Smith is still around in toning with those deep-thulsive tones boring and so forth it's a big star of that whole lineup mr. ego of course and we're excited about him is that yeah we're just that filled with his voice yeah one of the other I mean what are you talking about and of course again here's a guy that comes in from outside at town obviously who has got any idea the real history of the radio market here in fact even Tom jick was been here a long time even Tom doesn't know the real history of radio here which is why when my friend Dick Kasper died it was one of the few real radio people that ever was in this market Tom couldn't be bothered to do like a little research or talk to me or a few other people and write a nice tribute to Dick because he wasn't here then and there would been a little bit too much like work Tom even very nice to me but I'll never forgive you for overlooking that because that was criminal and of course this is one of the very few markets that doesn't even have a regular radio column I mean if you want to find out what's happening on Latin radio and TV you can offer up both newspapers almost every every other day and find a big pop piece about that but English language radio in fact this is the first thing I've even read about English language radio in months and even one of the newspapers here's a mobile in western hello yeah okay happy holiday I'll see you tonight but I need to ask you something I need to buy a district as a good to a night's rest I'm proud to be in restaurant in Toronto for somebody would you know any names uh I'm not really there's a real good attire restaurant that's right behind the hotel I always stand I think it's on oak stoop but I can't tell you what the name is somebody will call it and tell you to keep listening okay I'll keep listening okay share the thing I have have a happy what was that people's out on his thing with oh boy scared hello on me this is pacemaker oh come on he was under the age of a hundred plus he's got a Toronto we can't be all bad five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighty come on what do you say let's this guy he wants a conversation we want a place to talk about what do you say let's bring back all talk station let's bring back let's for here some names that they have all great people that you'd like to have back stand major like stand the stand major there you go yeah that's a hell of a name and he could make a little and listen if you try those Milky Way dark bars yet George they are dynamite oh geez I was that is the Don Johnson thing in it all that's on the court stand major now on newsboard radio six seven WIOD you miss the last jump you miss what the hell is your problem can is in New York fella I don't want to gain back I'm going to want to do what Alan for a couple of years I think that's what you want to how do you want in the air silence it that all we have good you give me a name what are you what are we having a content do you want very good a thing here the next stand major show it's not given it to you on this property of six seven that will you I don't think it's or anybody by a good walks lately for us you see this idea that oh yeah let's let's just take a station and make it into a talk station who you're going to put on here how come there no suggestions in here Kevin who they might put on the air since you go on anybody's indicated in fact if you do get outside of this market and go around the market's all over the country unfortunately because of the fact that queer channel and a few other companies own every station that's all you got you got Russia limbo on you got the doctor Laura and Philos on in a bunch of markets and well what do you got I'm talking about local personalities local talk people now you can go over to a temple to the WFL which is one of the most got awful states never heard my life depressing morbid unbelievably bad but about a Yahoo those pictures and everybody by name on here's TJ same old card callers yeah for a hundred years same people who are calling blobbyo there's still on how many markets in this country I mean you got uh and you think like KG on San Francisco they run on you got a couple of good people on there locally look look at KBC Alice Rantel is on what the is Alice Rantel Alice Rantel is a little clone of me I'm the one that put him on here I'm the one that talked to Kasper he was a weekend news guy w just news I'm the one that said put him on here give me shot he'll be okay and the Kasper said be like Neil be like me of course he really is going to be that much like Neil yeah when he showed up I think he was already like that oh I see well he was in denial about it although you have a lot of pictures of Sean Cassidy on the wall but anyway he was like a little clone a little lemming and then all of a sudden he found his triple medical roots and became a right wing a self-hating fact whatever and normal got him a job out there and now he's a talk show host in a leg allegedly it's a joke so it's a joke Michael Jackson not that the uh not the epitaphile but Michael Jackson the British guy the talk host out there in KBC so boring he could put you into a coma he makes down I'm as look animated that's how boring Michael Jackson is if you ever heard him who are the really entertaining people doing talk shows I'm talking about the kind of talk show that this guy's writing about in the hell today topical talk it's dead it's dead than a door Neil here's for a lot of Neil hello yeah Neil yes sir um I work for Toyota when I have seen years they do they go I might get a set of maybe 0 for me and I'm setting a go gay no on SM but I don't listen to SM I like AM and some of the stations they pick are sometimes as well I've never heard of them in the course it's 5.60 and you know the other ones but that's pretty funny that they have no idea I don't want SM to Neil they've got 12 settings for FM on a camera and they don't want it and who is this person want to take to replace you I would not bring it here's one anybody replace me he wants a station that's going to give them all turners I mean somebody is really serious isn't just a group all playing farting sound and being just a jackoff on the area right and you're not really money right exactly he wants us to satisfy him I guess and a bunch of old people he wants us to go back to those days and nobody in the right mind is going to do that maybe not play with a full day exactly he probably would be happy if QA went back to playing rock music too like back in the 50s you know well you have to stand up and say I'm not a cat and then that goes to get any more okay go ahead you're ahead 5.670.5.60 yeah that's it let's get out those jingles what do you say come on let's start playing music QA was a big hit back though that was only 50 years ago so it's weird and rage you always wanted to go forward you were a rat there what was the real old jingles they didn't hear it I just have my a cart no isn't it all right that's not it why do you want to be under QAM old or WQAM old yeah well I'll find it's not what did I learn around it that was ticking around that the cart still is there but the cart is still back there with some of those guys when Rick Shaw was here 100 years ago and Jim Dunlop and all those guys and what's the name Robi Young we've been dead for 10 years how's Robi doing that let's get Robi Young Jerry which there come I let's let's let's uh John Broward bring him back pop mother and I'm gonna bring him in check I mean it's guys right and stuff here and there are people are reading it who think that is because it's in the hell to make sense John Broward had a large royal audience oh my god they're a nice even Pete what does name would like that Pete Lenny how's Pete Lenny doing by the way I've seen him no now maybe he's even some of that diet though oh I hope not too much maybe busy all day listen we can't be the talk up to this man oh just to the post you can do 15 talk ups to that right Tommy 560505050 on the 18 but thanks for the show today Kevin give me a nice topic to get away from all the sudden depressing crap and no I'm not gonna get all better shape like I said if you want to go ahead and uh and not complain about them spending your text money for a statement they what do I care so sweat off my balls just like the just like the uh text that we're gonna have a date coming out of the Broward and I said here like a maniac being a champion to get people to turn out and vote against the which they didn't defeated and we didn't know job there does he give us any credit for that oh no because we're not deadly serious 24 hours that they on his goddamn show then you know and then the thing about the BBC and CNN I made it very clear the reason that I didn't want them in here just like I don't want any other TV station in here is because the colors that we have in this market not just on this show in this market I wouldn't wish on Heinrich Hingler I would wish on George W the colors that we have so the idea I'm gonna have people from networks or from international networks like the BBC coming here and sit down and listen to you people no even even I'm too embarrassed for that no chance 1057 at your group wrong station 560 QAM this is 560 QAM for radio 560 WAM by any port Loderdale a measly broadband station and WQAM dot com in the world let's talk back to you shares returns branch some feel mark And when a guy excited, it stuck up way past his nose, all of the of who reindeer wanted water sled wouldn't go, turns out that booty's organ was getting stuck in the snow, then one thought he'd risk the scene with the fan-so-true to say, would all, with your two so long, won't you drive me home that long? All of the reindeer hate him, he's the favorite one we call, would all the well hung reindeer? Yet to bang this as long as you have to be nice. Yeah, well I don't hit again, level 025, so if you got his punishing you okay, doesn't want music on a goddamn AM anymore, guide it, if God were to wanted the music on AM, he would have made it sound good on AM, does it sound good on AM? Oh, I was my case, so. Oh God, I don't want music on AM, almost as many old spag music. But anyway, and of course, Georgia mines, we have about a couple of very minor things like to go forward and hurricane Andrew. You see, when something important has come along over these many, many years, even since I switched gears for survival, so can realize that talking to a bunch of 95-year-old people about their colloss may bag over running, and is there either teeth of a purple and a lip screen or the other way around, that that was a waste of time, and that nobody ought to be at a 100-1 of the here that crap. But even after that, when any time anything happened in this town, it was discussed on the show. And it seems to me that both of you go forward and hurricane Andrew happen back in the IOD days. Was there serious, topical talk on IOD then? Oh, we had a micrinaria in the morning who was a group ball of best. Certainly wasn't doing a talk show, per se. Wasn't talking politics and topical crap. Rick and Suds, were they talking, what the hell are you this man talking about? Rick and Suds were talking about Syria's stop, well, that makes us feel like doing it. Exactly. And Phil wasn't on there back in those days to go forward, but he certainly, if he was talking about he certainly wouldn't have been doing it seriously. But nevertheless, the community turned to that station because they knew that they could get the information they needed, but that was going on. So the idea, that just because we're not deadly Syria's enough for you Kevin Baxter and your asshole knows pictures over there at the hill every time that we're on the year, too bad, too friggin bad. This show isn't for you, Kevin. It's for the audience which so far in the last many, many years were doing okay. Thank you without your help and without your goddamn rags help. But just keep writing at least he's writing about radio. That's good. Even on most of it is pure unadulverated crap. He's writing about radio. That's a good start. Now we're in something about it. Not talk to somebody who understands demographics and ratings and what it really means. He said, Thomas, how balls he would have balls he guy kid careers because John and I keep bringing him out European music and once in a while he develops a big, a one left not big enough to play some of it on the year and he already loves it like Mojo, which I only only was listening to Mojo like eight months ago in Europe. But hey, don't get me started on that. Okay, let's go to Kendall. Hello. Yes sir. I heard you could have that guy out of front tell. No, he did not. Oh, you mentioned that. Have a great day. Yes, I did. Six and a lot of you little Julios, would you go get a hobby? You're getting so old and ponderous and so tired. Go go do your daily circles, you're a canemony. We are all done when you haven't got anything more to score. Score, score, score, score, just pass out on the floor with a smile on your push. Oh, they already are. 560, 750, 560, POMP 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Speaking of Alice Rantel, you want to have a play in the long long time. Which I'm not going to play the whole thing. Huh? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Have a nice life, Alice. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yes sir. Are you in Miami? No. No. No. No. No. No. Okay, you're in Miami. Here's a stationary Miami. Yes. I have a question for you. Why don't you believe in God? Let's go to a mobile in Bokeh. Like I said, I knew I should have been on the thing. Hey, Neil, are you doing a game? Okay. I got three things. Yes sir. Well, I guess I have three things. What do I do with three things? But I got three other things. Huh? First of all, pig report. Yeah. The copster really gets them on northbound turnpike through northbrower and southern Palm Beach County. Okay. The second thing is the marlin is a non-ish. I live in Bokeh. It's a non-ish. I will never get a marlin. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know what I was getting all psychotic about yesterday because most people don't care about the marlin's one way or the other. So I think I want to go ahead and pull another fast deal with the politicians. Too bad. I don't care. After what they do, they don't care. No, they don't care. They don't care. They don't care. They don't care. Yeah. And then the real important issue is the Florida Panthers. I got four tickets. I don't know what it cares about that either. Yeah. I want to start a boycott. No. Why not? What's the point? What do you need to be a boycott if you want to go and if you don't want to go stay home? Did you see the game when I saw parts of it? I saw nothing to make me sick. Have you been watching? I saw the same thing he pulled when he got back in the game five or three and I got a Paul Pader still time in the front of the game and the Paul Pader still got like 30 seconds in and he puts a number eight out there again within 15 seconds. He's in the penalty box. There goes the Paul Pader with any chance to get back in the game. But why do we in? It's like a stuck record. Don't you understand that until a sale of the team has done what you look like it could be soon. Nothing is going to change. Well, if we boycott the team, maybe he'll get a dump sooner or fire Murray. Don't you understand he doesn't care about you. Wayne doesn't care about the fans. He cares about what the deal is he's going to make. Don't you get it? I'm trying to get it. Well, he doesn't sound like you're doing a good job. I don't talk about it. Well, I'll still do why, but you won't see much over there. Well, I mean, I mean, I'm in 102 right over a couple of sections over from you. Yeah. And I got these four expensive tickets that I feel like burn. Okay. Well, if you have a brain desire, go burn me. Just keep your opinion the same thing. Well, you know, see, this is what I'm talking about. That's not interesting. That's not entertaining. And the same cause. I keep talking to the same thing when the deal is done with a team on a cellet. It's something will happen. And it's very unfortunate. That's a stab in the back of the fans. But that's what it's saying. You have to make it. If you want to keep subsidizing people like that, go ahead. And if not stay home like this guy says. He feels like burning them. Stay home. Very simple. Go play part. Go run around. Make it in the street. Do something more entertaining. Nobody's forcing you to go there. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I listen to him quite frequently. And I have to see it in your poll. I think you have to have one very important side. Okay. Are you important, Fag? Well, I write a people listen to you. I tell you my main reason for listening to you. Yes, sir. You're entertaining. Yeah. I get more entertainment value in the four hours than anything else on the radio. And the way you feed it bring up the topic of the media and this particular market. Because it's just so frustrating because one company has all the stations for the most. It's not only this market. That's having all of America. Thanks to the US government. Well, you know, you have the cable was knocked out when they took out the Palm Beach stations. Now you're forced to watch what's in this market, which is pathetic sometimes. And you try to go to another station like in West Palm Beach. And you find the same program on two stations at the same time. There's just no choice, no writing. So for the four hours a day that you're on. I mean, above all else. I mean, I don't agree with everything you say all the time. Why not? Well, we have our difference. Okay. You know, so what makes things go the way they go. But my point is that above all else. And then you always mention the money. They'll all you get paid this much or that much. Well, you know, that's that doesn't. I don't agree with what you're getting. I mean, doesn't come out of my pocket like you always say it. I'm a shit across from the list of the show. Yeah. But I get a tremendous amount of value in the entertainment you provide. But you know, it's interesting. You would think that all the good stuff that happened was back in the days. You only good broadcasting or the good service that anybody ever did to the community was back in the days of the kind of dribble that he's talking about. I'm embarrassed by most of the shows we did back in those days. I'm humiliated when I think of the crap. What I realized when the day came and the realization came to me that I was nothing more than a babysitter, a glorified babysitter for a bunch of old people would know like to sit around the radio and I until they fell asleep and a stupor. And answering a stupid quiet, bringing doctors on the air and nutritionist on the air. Talking about their hemorrhage. I mean, what kind of broadcasting is that? I mean, bear us by it. Exactly. But the other thing I have to add is that a lot of times you're informative in an education as well. Like when you started with the acting's diet. Well, you know, I picked up on that and I've never heard about it. It's been a great degree. And it's been a big benefit to me, you know, in my life overall. Yeah, but you see, according to Kevin, it's been a relationship. You know, it's been a relationship. You know, and take part times. I guess basically that's all he gets out of the show. It's strictly typical of a kind of a print media that's existed in this particular market. Yeah. And I think you mentioned the CNN crew and so forth. He's been once did a show from FTO. And you're right. I mean, the calls that they received. And I know, Rick Sotterman was the guy that was doing a show. Oh boy. And you can imagine what that was. I'm not doing good. Exactly. Maybe he's going to be a little bit of a good bird. Okay, let's have a great day. Keep it up. Okay, that's it. It's up right now. How's the PD doing? PD, uh, Lenny. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. In fact, maybe we can eat it Lenny's. Okay. Okay. Now she's going to admit that he wrote a letter. Is he going to admit that? I haven't had thing in the door. Is he going to admit it? There's no audio associated with that. The door, the door just opens up. He said he did not. It's you. Trust me. He's. I'd rather come in there and whack you there, right, let it to you. Believe me. I didn't. I love you. You want it? I just thought. When you watched that from your friend, you watched that from good friend's of Claire Channel. Well, they hate me so much trying to get it. I did it. Should I have dumped it? I did not come here. I didn't dump it. Oh, it is a masterpiece though. You got to admit it. It's. Okay. I'm much more than that. Okay. Well, don't get rough and too about it. Get out of here. Hey, at least to give us a little bit of fun, huh? And then we got to see screw-and for the first time in a while. Oh, I see this is tear out to be hell of a day. Leave it to me. Leave it to us. I'm so impressed with you. Yeah. I'm so I feel so much better. 125 bucks at the track last night. I'm all good you want. You know, I mean, directs win in 100's, fat, which is 100, that one's 25 bucks. And then I think of myself, well, I'll get paid in a couple of days who care. That's true. Oh, you might have to dump them again. It was Dave Roth. And your friend's still fat. It's 115 to 550 WCL and Peter Leonard Jr. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Just have a hyperventaly. Have a happy, uh, Hanukkah, the happy new year, get out of here. And don't bring many more that diarrhea food. 560, pound, five 60. I've got two sets of on the AT&T and Brian's while I was flying. You notice that nobody is talking about that old-time crapped that Kevin back to watch about the one because nobody wants that back. Nobody, they're our 10 people out there. In fact, the old people that did want it back, they're all dead now anyway. All the people that used to listen to that garbage, they're all dead now anyhow. So why are you guys here, Agent? This is not an old man. Why is he's pining for something that is a dinosaur? I'm beating a hell out of me. Other than it's a good excuse to take a good shot at me. Which is fine. In fact, I pay a money. I pay a 50 bucks a day. Just write another comment about this every day. Keep up in the end here on every day. Get up to a 30-year easy. Maybe get the audience back. Here's Poppin'o, hello. Poppin'o. Here's Poppin'o, hello. Okay, they're dealing with it. Here's the lady in Bokeh, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. I have a question. I've heard you talk about, you have a VCR that plays the American and the European Page. Can you purchase that in the state yet? I got it at Sound Advice. Sound Advice? Very expensive, but they're very good. No, I definitely need it. Have a ton of tapes from Europe and need to get something so we don't have to pay to convert it all the time. They're in fact, it's an A1, AIWA. AIWA. Okay, great. And for the first one, I got was Emerson, which was a real piece of crap. But the A1 is A1, is a terrific. Okay, it's Sound Advice. Yep. Great, thanks a lot. Have a good day. You too, bye-bye. There you go. The information man's slacking again. So Peter Leonard says he didn't write the letter. So let's make a bye-bye-bye-bye. And it's for it over there, still fat. And it's still made me crap. Everything that he brought in here. I mean, you know, I'm just, what can I tell you? You try to do your best. Fine, he still wanted to admit that he's wrong. See, that's the deal. He still wanted to admit it. Would you be talking to him in there to the same story? Yeah, he took my ass before he'd write me a letter. That might be entertaining. 5605056. In fact, tonight at the pizza loft, we're going to have three rounds, George and Peter, Peter, Peter, Lenny, you're going to go at it. And I asked him, how do you think he'd meet? Here's four miles, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I can't believe I'm finally on a call to you about three times that I've had to hang off for about 20 minutes. You're finally on a time exactly like you. Neil, this guy in the hailed is he's full of crap. I listen to you show every day. You've talked about more issues. You've talked about things going on at Miami. You've talked about the kids shooting the teacher in the face. You've talked about the guy getting beat up by the cops. You're the only guy that I listen to that even talks normal. I mean, I've listened to Rush Limbaugh, but everything with him is about the Republican as a Republican. And speaking of this guy's complaining about if you have a different point of view of your cut off. How many liberals are calling on the line after Limbaugh show? It's Dittohead. It's Ditto, Ditto, Dittohead. The same right wing crap. Three hours every guy did today. Every single show is the same as the previous thing. This same spew. Three hours first of all, a right wing heat. I've called you and you've never hung up on me. I've talked to you before. I've talked to you before when I talked about my 15 year old. I said my 15 year old doesn't shoot kids in the teachers in the face when they get upset. Right. This guy's just full of crap. I think what you should do really is negotiate your contract to get six months off. And that would probably really piss him off. Good. Okay. I'm working on it right now. But Neil, just keep it up because you're who when I was sick during the early and good Zollis thing for that week. And I would just turn the TV on and turn it down and listen to you. I've got more. This is one of the things that really frost my ass. And I usually don't keep a crap on anybody right. But when he writes, if you wanted to have a serious even hand to discuss to the alien Gonzalez, there was no local show to call. What the hell does that mean? We had Cubans calling. We had Anglos calling. We had Angria black people calling. It's not a problem. It's a problem. If one of the people weren't obnoxious, they had a chance to express their thing. You had a guy that was a spy in the neighborhood. I got more information from you. That's what was really going on there. What you would find on TV. Neil, just ignore him. Hang in there. Okay, pal. Bye. Here's the facts from a lady list. There's that. I don't know what you really want to do. But even when I don't know, I still enjoy the how to show. And in the town where there's a little bit of thankful for. There was you with 10 o'clock every morning. Almost. PSU arrived my letter last week. Had a spelling or a female. I didn't like that. Here's the new WFTL-1400 AM line up 6 to 9 AM bill. Caterna named Anunlee Fowler. Nund 3 Allen Burke 3 to 6 Larry Kent. 6 to 8 PM Sports Talk with Rick Weaver and Sonny Hirsch. 8 11 PM Big Wilson. 11 PM the 3 AM Jerry Wishner and 3 to 6 AM the graveyard shift. John Boward. Did I say the graveyard shift? I don't know. John Boward. God. Good. Golly Miss Molly. Taking all the way back to KAT to Shirley Spellaburg and Irv. What was his name? Irv Schindler. I mean back in the days when they used to take chronic listeners and put them on here. Back in the days when the chronic colors was all you would hear on those talk shows. And that's another thing about the kind of shows you're talking about, which I mentioned before about like, FLE and Tampa. Same tired old voices. That's one of the reasons I'm still here today. Because I was lucky enough I had the foresight and the balls to discourage the chronic. Remember working on that from the practically the first week I sat down because every other show I listened to. And back in the days when he's talking about when we had WS News WIOD, INZ and GBS. Four talk stations go at all the time. And I'm on INZ at night and those days they come at night. And I used to, somebody would call in some Jackass and then five minutes later somebody called. They're all the same person. He was on two minutes earlier on GBS and the same thing. And during the daytime you could sit in your car and punch them on the other. And in you'd hear it all the time. Quantical on one station he'd be over on Sandy Payton and five minutes later he's over there with Lee Fowler. Same, same 20 colors. That's not entertaining. That's not interesting. It's like a little fraternity of misquits is what it is. You don't plan about? Yeah, misquits. You remember those days? 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Anybody want to go back to the Gervom Days of Reads? Oh, come on. The hell wants it? Kevin, back to the ones. I've got your Bob Green and Bob Neow on it there. We just gave them their new line up at the WTMI. Yeah, that's the way they had that call. You know, they're always getting those calls. Cheryl put them on the phone. I want to speak a phone. Bob Green and Bob Neow. I like she's making some cut of a, as they say, me. She should off. Can I say that on the ear? Well, it depends on how you spell it. Yeah, like she's hooking me up with him. You know, she's like the intermediate. Like a pimple. Like something's going to come from that. And Bob Neow's, oh, well, we just discussed in the OTMI going to talk on FM. Yeah, this about as much chance of you going to talk on TMI as there is a mile, but up at Doer and fine in $40 million donation for Planned Parenthood from Greg lead. That's how much chance there is of that. That cheap prick. 5605 with a bad haircut. 560560 and pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and DV. Hello. Good morning. Well, this is Randy Flasher and you haven't talked about Steve came at all. Yes, I did. And did you? Well, maybe I missed it. Yeah, well, maybe you missed. I said, Mr. Eagle, that's how we referred to him. Mr. Eagle. Yeah. The guy is so sad. He actually badmied this morning from the show anymore. I see. Which is why he just gave his name on the, I was just about to ask him why he gave his name on the ear. Talk about chronic colors. So, don't think that we're taking chronics from sure that barely even exist. That barely make a blip on the Richter scale of life. And we're going to fly over here now Randy Flasher, which we don't care what your name is. See, that's another thing. The worst thing you can do. And they do it. They do it on a lot of the, I guess that all the shows are set the hours on this station. It's very bad idea. Giving the names of colors. Oh, here's Joel and Kendall. And as soon as you're all Joel and Kendall, not him. I got all of you. And the people are already reaching for the dial. They're punching it in the button too. Bad idea. But hey, listen, they're all experts. They're all great programmers. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. It's going to be pretty grim today. There's nobody in town. Nice easy. No traffic coming to work this morning. How did you have a problem? I didn't see anybody. Really nice. Don't forget pizza loft, 6 to 9 pm. That I will have all the best of the old stuff. Joel, castell, or be there. Oh, you will? Oh, Joe's going to be there tonight. How do you like that? It's going to be my bodyguard in case Peter Lundez works. Okay. Peter Lundez comes by to beat you up since Peter denies, writing this letter, which we know he wrote it. I mean, we know he wrote it. What do you think now? You think he wrote it or not? I don't want to put you up. No, no, seriously. Why are you raising your eyes like that? I'm asking you an honor. He's like, you're feeling it, is all. I'm asking you. He was very vehement. Denied and said that somebody over there, queer channel wants to get him fired or whatever. But I'm asking you, what do you think? Yeah. Okay. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Two people don't have the BBC or CNN. You hear this call. Okay. There's still twisting it. Here's a mobile in Fort Larderdale. Hello. Good morning, you're all you. Okay. Happy holidays to you and George. Same to you. And I wanted to say, you know, I don't always agree with you, but I think it's not the way Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. I don't ever want to hear anybody say that again. I mean, why do people feel compelled to say that? I'm respect to everybody that always agree with me. What's the point? And why do you have to say that? So this is what we call to be a service. So we talk to you. We talk to talk to the public, but you give us an opportunity to listen to a different point of view because as he said, the Limbrauch show, everybody is a widow head. There's no different points of view there, yeah. And that's why his demographics are older than sawdust. Yeah, and you get to see a ability to go ahead and speak our minds. But the other day, nobody would call him and talk about any of the topics you're talking about, but I just wanted to say, keep up the good work. And I also think you're a great humanitarian. And the Miami Harrel's only good for one thing teaching your dog had to go poop outside. Okay, but there you go again with the most damn sounds on tape. Okay, we got almost every line on the board is open now because after all who don't want to talk about this, when we could be talking about the election again and about alien and those goddamn cubans and yeah. See, and that's another thing Mr. Baxter, your little Jack-ass, Miss Baxter, I call Mr. Mr. Baxter. Now, if I wanted this to be just a festival of hate every, I was thinking that driving home yesterday. That would be back, it don't even have to read newspaper. Just roll out a bit, come in here in the morning, 10 o'clock and just open the phone and invite a festival of hate. And there are days just like yesterday. We've got those two or three, you know, the chronic, might I call on to say, and I know that they just don't couple out of goofballs, couple of assholes. And then the one's farty, oh, if a black man spits on the, remember that one spits on the three, you are a rip it of an ass, but if a white guy in that crap. So, it would be very easy just to lose all perspective and turn this into a festival of hate. I think we'll start that at noon. This is 560, you way, a Neil Roger show, sports radio, 560, you a half. I'm not glad you're breath, you're beautiful. Oh, like now the red front right partial delays, headquarters in Washington, the Jim Baker Stingers. Oh, the partial delays, where the rush is drinking all those rads. Say, I'm true. So, no republic in for the, I'm not a part of the, your self-evil, a partial statement of the, I'm not a part of the, you know, I'm not a part of the, you know, I'm not a part of the, you know, I'm not a part of the, you know, I'm not a part of the, you know, I'm not a part of the, you know, I'm not a part of the, you know, I'm not a part of the, you know, I'm not a part of the, you know, I'm not a part of the, you know, I'm not a part of the, you know, I'm not a part of the, you know, I'm not a part of the, I'm not, I'm not a part of the, I'm not a part of the, I'm rejected again, up Naughty Growth Ball by those of all these, I'm not a part of the, I'm not a part of the, I'm a part of how that was very, very, very, very, veryした, obviously. Anyway, I haven only had an opportunity to work together here at the conference, but, I don't really On USA, Direct TV Channel 242 at 11am for 9 hours. Here that for Piai. Hours. This is what is known as the Godfather's saga, which I also have on video. Which contains footage in Godfather 2 that thought of the movie version, particularly when Bito and Aline goes back to Sicily to visit Don Tito. The only thing missing is the scene where Michael's he's Apologna's boobs after gets married creative editing service problem as well. This will be followed by Godfather 3, but we all have that on tape. I guess we do. This is Bertram Carl Springs, who says, I appreciate you saying hello to the screw and Winnick and John Gerris for me. Hi John Gerris, I will say hello to screw and... No, no, bitch. Oh. Just seeing her, this has been a great day and every respect except seeing her. Don't let that happen again for least number one and a half. Please. Look at this boy here baby. This audience man, are they whipped up to a friend of you today? No. Two calls. What will take the middle fast? North Miami, hello. Me, oh. Yes sir. Good morning. Let me tell you, screw that guy at the house. No, you've been... And you mentioned that Greg Reed hasn't given you any money yet for a plant here. One dollar. One dollar, well, you know this one, it was within the farm. And he fixed and he gave that whole morning crew the whole rest of the week. And next week and after that up to January 3rd off. Really? Now instead of giving them the extra days off, he should have given you their money or their salary to donate it to you. You're just an attitude prick. I'm not joking. He just won't come to his squad. Need a little company. That a penny for plant here. That's terrible. I got my key chain. I got my CD and a mullset. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Good luck. Yeah, that's just the nature of the company. Just the way they are. They're not going to change. Oh, in fact, I just had an ass. Bluff had to go double check because ordinarily pay day would be December 25th which is Monday Christmas day. And of course nobody's expected to work on Christmas day. So I asked Bluff, oh, because George just got his bonus. That's a number of booklets here. See, then, Saturday is probably the deadline since the second turn of the fall book is coming off this afternoon at 2.30, which is going to be really, really bad. And at this point, I don't really care. I'm expecting the worst. But, you know, you can't. You can't be on top forever. Just like Kevin Max just said, and look at the phone. There's almost nobody on the phone here. Once upon a time, we had audience. But then, of course, the humans all got pissed off. They ran away. They were Republicans. The Bush people. They all got pissed off. They ran away. The old Jews. The shparks who couldn't figure out how to vote and couldn't read. They got pissed off. They're all gone. So that's this George and me sitting here talking to us. So that was all we're having a very good time doing it today. Grabbing a blast. And we always had music. Yeah, we've always got music to play in the background. Since Kevin Max did believe that's the turn of radio dials back. Back in the days he's talking about there was still an AM stations playing music. You know, it sounds weird. It sounds weird. Like, low five, you know? Low five music on the AM. Like that piece of crap, which is good that I hate that. Oh, God. I'm going to put on my least favorite songs of all time. So let's see if we actually get any calls today because it is the holidays. We don't want to put a lot of pressure on you. And how come he doesn't even mention the goddess in here at all, which I think is, you know, I mean even though her audience is all over the age of 100, she did a pretty young and job there during the election stuff. George had she did her homework and she was looking at it. And we're still taking color. So how she and the animaerie get not. Here's a mobile and homestead. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning, sir. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. And the same to you if you're celebrating any of that stuff. So I am Hanukkah. Listen to hell. Don't pay them no mind. It's a rag. Yeah. I've read the hell. And it's just one of the worst. You don't want your talk show is on the best talk shows I've ever listened to. It is. Keep it up. You get everybody speak their mind on like rush them bombs a little bit of close mind if or as you play your song, fascists. Yeah. Because I just say hi and I don't have a holiday. Okay, and back to you, sir. Let him carefully in the candles too. Yeah. Okay. Watch where he's taken. 560, 560, 560. Not that I'm looking for recognition because every lives you never going to get in this town. Just like the thing with a very fun way to prepare. And in fact, even Tom Jick and my close ball personal friend when he wrote that article a member about the charity and Neil whatever would a question mark like, hey, I'm not but we're still trying to figure out what that column is all about. In other words, don't be too nice to me because it looks like you're stuck enough to them. Which Bill concerted never had any problem with that because he would be loved to show. He didn't like the show. He loved the show. Bill concerted. And on a shame, it really worked out. And see if he was around the day, which I wish he worked and write in that stuff, they will probably wouldn't publish it. Because I think that's basically kind of like an unwitting law now. So I'll write anything good about that fact because he keeps you up on us and hates us like poison and he's on to us. And it has been for 25 years. Oh, yeah, you better be nice to the hair, I'll be. Yeah, I remember when I first came here, the guy that was the radio right and I've told you this before for their is then was Jack Anderson. Not the columnist, the big fat one from Washington, but the local local little fart. And the word got out that he didn't even on a radio. Didn't on a radio, maybe he had a radio in his car, but I would not have a radio in his house. And this was the radio columnist for the Harold Beckin those days. Jack Anderson. And you know what he's doing now. You know what he's doing? No, I don't push him up daisies. Here's a mobile and I guess you won't have a radio really important. Real well. Mobile and pepper pines, hello. Hey, Neo. Yes sir. I'm a big fan of talk radio. Yes. Yeah, love it. You know, I was wondering, oh, if PMI for one thing, you know, their FM, they're taking a go into talk. Well, that's what this article says. I really doubt that. I mean, they keep dropping that little, you know. Well, that would be done in Mikein. No, he had done in Mike. They're really great. Wait, Neo, they are ripen it. There's plenty of it. How about Rick and Sutter's a national show? I'm serious. When I'm talking about a national show, where's that there already on in this market? Who would you like that on in the market? Who are on? Well, actually, well, the only one I could take of would be done in Mike. But if they're looking for John and Mike, well, I'm blown. Yeah, even covered knows that. Oh, I'm pathetic. They're pathetic. You know what? They might be, but people. In addition to which it's that they're not a local show, it's a syndicated show. What local talent would you like to have on here? Give me some names. Who's going to be on WTM order to be interesting and get an audience? There is one that I have in mind, but every time I say her name, you get all key Odin fired up. Yeah, who's that? No, no, no. Could you just kind of, um, that, that woman there? You know, even over the name, you know, I know her name. I know her name. Well, I'm a charit, give me a second. It's, uh, oh, God, you know. She's a woman. Yeah. That's a woman. That's a woman. I know she got that. Very well. I'm her biggest fan. Uh-huh. Well, if you're a big fan, you don't know her name. She must have some kind of a fan club. She must have a gigantic following. She had the fisherman on her show. The fan. Oh, Sandy. Is that him? No. The fisherman? No, no. The strippers and you, you hate her gut-like porn. Hey, are you talking about Liz Ryle? Liz Ryle. She got candy already. She got candy. She, she, her numbers were so small. You couldn't see what I'm on. Palomar telescope. All right, but God, and my head, no, I'll be. Hey, you get out of here. See, there's exactly. I hope this guy looks with Kevin Baxter. In fact, I think he's probably his type. Man, and I'm so sure. I have no idea what you've done for me. That was the definitive call. That's exactly what I was looking for right there. Because that's your chronic old. And every now and then we get him. Oh, did you hear what Steve came? He came. He had it in Christach because nobody under the age of 100's looking at that crap. Did you hear what he's a little quizzling, born out said? No, I don't even know where he is in the dial. Those are the same people that put WS News out of business, that put the right bar bought of business. Those are the same people who are dying over there. Living and breathing people will not listen to people over the age of 100. He would have sometimes it's very entertaining from a sadistic standpoint. Well, you need to see how long before they're bad or overflows. But other than that, nobody wants the listeners bad. I sure is how, don't. Oh, you mean to say you never listened to Joyce Kaufman? No, no. First of all, any person who would go on a year and call themselves Kaufman in the first place. It's like saying, okay, all you old Jews here I am. You don't even understand that? That's basically what it was. Hello, Joyce. He is so wonderful. How the hang is we died. That's what everybody asked me when they call how the hang. No, seriously, she animaries still run pretty tight. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50. Let's tell that story after we do the break. This is 5, 60. You way out. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. All right. Let's sing all the airways. 40, 51. 30. That is these will have to do. You ain't getting none. Yes, he is, keep you. You lie and you keep. 30, 3, 1, ready. You never had me. Sorry, they've got 30. Little bit twist-three. Okay. Go and sound my sink in highways as fast. I've blown me clow. Everyone knows the only one who he does in the cloud. That's what shot and wasted. Fucking trash with a smile. You had stuff you out. You had a smile. You didn't tell me. You didn't tell me. I didn't tell you. I just had a weird idea. We could kill probably two hours of the cackle off. The bill Marshall bird cackle off. That might kill some good time. What do you say? Okay. Just a thought. You're going to be sorry. You said all those terrible things about him when you go to the police gates and he's standing there. He'll be there too. 560, 560, 560. She and Annemory are doing one. Randy was hoping. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. I'm pretty weak here today. Pretty weak. Let's get some lunch in here now. You don't have to eat it. Why is it always going to be about you and if you want to eat? How about me, Mr. You know what it is? It's like I'm the prisoner of whoever's in there. Next week, if it's your work next week when you're on the weekend. Yeah, Joe's going to be working. I have that food in here every day because when Joe works, it's like, and Joe's great. But we got to have food and restart pounding and get an all-bent other shape. I'm going to have food. What are we going to get? That's why I made a face. Well, sure not going to get that stuff from like this morning. No way. Not for that already. I don't want. In fact, I feel great. I don't have no IBS today. I don't have any good. I don't have feel like human beings. Maybe because we got some free burgers so you could choke on the juice. And they don't have burgers at our base. If I wanted to say, let me get some later. I want to. What is this? You're going to get me beat up. Good. Beef and cheddar. I love beef and cheddar. And I really don't. I like when they first came out with them. In fact, the first one I ever had was an East Lansing Michigan. How do you like that? I'm Grand River Avenue. At the RBC up there. Which I'm sure it's not story. Think it's still there. No. Like the cunning hem drogues I'm sure is long gone. But at any rate, yeah, I used to like that. In fact, the joky shakes are very good. Not as good as those stick chop with shakes from steak and shake. Which they are kicking ass. And you can thank me for that too. Okay. Kevin back to steak and shake. Even though we have no audience. Even though I'm a disgusting old pervert. I'm going to place farting songs on a radio. All I got to do is whisper something. The people are running out there and get it because they know it's going to be pretty damn good. Unless it goes into a pedal in order to count. 5605050, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless. Here's another badge on. Lowering for a lot of detail. Hello, nettle. Yes sir. Yeah, the gentleman that called regarding Toronto, you could say, East Rov 990 or copies. No, no. CPPS. CLP, have you I S? And where is that one? They look at it. One's on young, just at the city limits. That's copies. And the other one, B.S. 990 is Jarvis and King area. Okay. Sounds good. Happy holidays. Same to you. Thanks a lot. That's a quick blown game to grow those things. Big Nashville tomorrow night. Sounds pretty good to me. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line rumors that Eric Lendor also be in a maple leaf uniform by the time that what's his name. By the time Mario Lemieux comes back to play against least the 27th, which is what's days at? 19th, so we from tomorrow. We from Wednesday. That's the rumor. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yes sir. New R.U.T. I'm doing great. I've got a big boy guy to call you up. It's tell you how much I just cringe when I heard that thing you would play about the quattro king. Yeah. Please don't do it. Please. Okay. Anyway, listen, you know, the people have that figure out. Are you there? I'm here. People have that figure out why indeed you are the emperor of radio. Really have the air waves. But I think I get the reason why the people who you've stopped doesn't work. And that's this. I'm listening to a lot of different people. But he wants to go. It was his guy. Those was black guy. He was on waxy. He was running time from waxy. Oh yeah. That was the Leonard Pitches. That's the one from the New R.U.T. He was a very young man. Ferguson. Who is it? Van Ferguson. Van Morrison. Ferguson. Yeah. He was all in the world. He was a man from the world. I found out. Well, yeah. Well, he was actually a Caribbean scholar who really had a great format. He tried to say, basically, it's all a radio format. He thought there was a need for it. And English speaking, called radio station. And during the time that Elian was gone on, he was really rich in an electric officer. And why not do that? Everything just died. A lot of chronic calls, well, the same people. It was just like you say repeat calls. I didn't write to rock or he knew them by first name basis. I mean, they call it. He didn't want to talk about it. He always taught them things for college in the days of saying routine. And I agree with you. I think what makes you work, which most people don't really ask. Because you realize, because you get on everybody's case. And it's so much fun because I used to get really angry when I said, I thought you were really racist. I don't know what the, I think what he does got. He's sorry about himself. He's sorry about the Jews. He's sorry about the Spanish guys. He's sorry about everybody. So I think the equal opportunity, uh, annoying. You know, a lot of people like that. But they have to figure out how to make this thing work. Now, you figured out a long time ago. You got it down to the science. And nobody else could come along and do that now. Well, that's a purely easy job. The name of the game is entertainment. Everybody who's not ready. Oh, and things that were here to solve the problem. There were a lot of boring information. If you're not entertaining, you have no audience. I don't think the talk video game is going to be the same level again. No. No. What they do. Please don't know if they want to. I think you're still going to feel like. I mean, talk with the great on that fan. If you had a great lineup, but the idea that in this market, you're going to want to send a, create all these good way. When you look all losers, they brought through here. This isn't going to happen. They've, those people don't exist. They're out of time and doesn't it? They're not faced with something else too. The last, the last remaining few people around with you. Like Steve King for example. He's on a station with a signal of so poor. Yeah. I'm wearing a studio. He'll have a really, very, very, that's a, minor lead to civil least. Because you're here. Calls you didn't disconnect. Did you hear him? The phone was around. Not being able to find out, which lines somebody's on. Just tell them what you're problem. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. So you see, the ballmower here is, you are in the, as I said before, you are the Emperor where you're, who are we, are ways, you go boy. Okay. I will get there. Thanks for the sucked job. Thank you. I feel much better now. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60. So somebody says you must read the letter again because we tuned in late. And I did read it right the beginning. I think it's worth reading again. Absolutely. Okay. Now let me give you the background of this. I'm coming this morning. Now Peter Leonard is coming here. And of course, Peter was highly pissed off lines to read because of something that happened with one of his sponsors on his show. One of our former sponsors on this show, which is gone by by. And it's just the way it goes. You know, I mean nothing is forever. You know what I'm saying, George? Nothing is forever. And it just happened. But of course, Peter took that on me and then also on George and came in here, storming around like some kind of aluminum trick, which he is, admittedly so. He's aluminum trick. Crazy person. So I get later this morning and it's saying it sounded just like he's stick. Because if you ever heard those spots, those red rough and so are those horrible spots he does. That's him. So I think they have a better understanding what we're talking about. I just do the right reference to our shell and fresh oil. Those spots. He's a madman. Anyway, here's the letter. It says, dear fat f and free loader, how did you talk poorly regarding one of my favorite restaurants in all of South Florida, the little red caboose, the list is British sauteed. None of his with fantastic hand cut fries outstanding. Which I've never said anything bad by the way about the little red caboose, but I don't know what, well, I don't know what that part of this comes from. But anyway, because I'm better happens to be one of his accounts. It says, you think we don't read between the lines with your screaming schmitt noises and you ever copied or fart cart. You fat set of a bitch you make me sick. You're a cheap f and fat ass, reloading scumbag with a Cuban house boy sidekick to kiss your ass and change your depends diapers. George is a sad sack of schmitt who just waiting for one of those free f and meals to give you that final kick in the ass and you dropped it with habit reviews oozing from your fat double chin. What a way to go. I wish you would go through a drive through fast food joint, such as our bees for example, take four beef and cheddar, shove them down your free load and f and throat, choke and violently kick the floor and croak. Then they come and inspect your dead talentless body and promptly shove a jemoku shake up your ass or good measure. And I do love those good jemoku shake. Spectrum. Yeah. As for your worthless show, you're lucky to have so much talent yourself to part of and just to be able to sell the show to the schmitt you're pedaling. What kind of humanoid would spend one dollar on the show full of schmitt noises? George begging for free food, George bringing in free pizza, Cuban's eating ass, a program that is an avenue for you, the cheap f and due to get free schmitt. Go away and take that f and wrap writing, Cuban scumbag with you. Except for K. Y. Jelly, I don't know who it by a commercial on that four hours of schmitt you will daily. You should kiss every sales person's ass and thank them for anything they can sell. Your pathetic schmitt he or was meant to be kind of living in this radio market, that's desperate for noise that oozes out of their radio. I call it a cheap f and scumbag in the right place at the right time. As for the so-called charity drive you do, we all know you schim serious dollars off the top of it. You like bush-mitten anyone ass, hold your equivalent to Jerry Lewis, except at least he bangs women and as a change-book and non-funny Jew reminds me of you. You cheap f and Jews are all alike. Keep scamming that chump change, people know you schim that's why the every year the dollars go down. I never listen to your free schmitt produced program. Why don't you, you might, you might, yeah, I guess I, there's so many of many here, I'm actually I'm catching everyone. Why don't you do every one of big f and favor pack your schmitt and take your trip to Fax through them? You have long f over these people here, now it's time to take your pathetic burger filled stichy schmitt filled course, corpse somewhere else. As for George, past his load over to him and let him see that he's not wanted either. George, go play with yourself, you bed weather with an electric blanket. I love going to dinner with your wife and she even pays with your money. Money you make while standing by yourself at remote broadcast, keeps standing there alone with your free sandwiches and cell phone deals. I'll be enjoying quality time with you old lady F off you jack-offs sign Pete Lenny. Pete Lenny kind of short for like Peter Lenny. Yeah, sounds like it. Now he'd be mentally denized, did we have to take a pull on that? Find out how many people who think that he really worked alert because he denies your vehement. He came in and tripped my hand and got all wet in the post. I mean, it just sounds like him, you know? Sounds like it's not his handwriting on the envelope or the order. We've already examined that. Screw and checked that out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8. I mean, how could anybody else be a shot caught here? See his boo-boo in one way. Here's a mobile and tempered pie and so on. Oh, Neil, how are you? I'm doing great. You're wound up now. Listen to him. Many are all stomping down. It's covered legs over here. We miss you over here, Neil. Listen. He brought up a name a little while ago. Yeah. Every time I hear this name, I get happy and said at the same time that's built cost for it. He was the only reason I even read that's taken rag about it. He was the best person in it. He was a real human being. Yeah. And, you know, I didn't know him personally. He was a great boy. Well, all of the public figures that have died in the past 15 to 20 years. He's the only person that actually cried when I read this story about it dying. Really? Yeah, because he was like, he was, I'm a big movie fan. And every Friday I looked forward to getting those movie reviews. And I would read, you know, four or five interviews. And he wasn't some, you know, some, pontificating, a snooty critic. He was a down-of-guy, who just like movies. And he's the really down-of-I with a minute. So I was like, you'll love the friend, you know? You're really like, really like the Malat and, you know, it's just shame when the did die on. And every time I hear his name, I kind of get Malat and call it. It's one of the thank you for bringing him up. Okay. Thanks, your call. See, I like new times and see, like every once in a while because they got a bunch of fags in both papers. But I mean, seriously, once a while, I write something good about me, about Phil, about, you know, somebody who's on the air that they respect, or they enjoy their program. And that's fun. But in the air, it's like in New York. Once the last time anybody read a positive, a couple of many articles about Howard in the New York papers. It's a, a part of the course that got to take shots at him because first of all, he's highly successful, much more than they are. Secondly, making billions times more money than they ever will. And certainly because he's not, he doesn't sit into their moral of what the broadcasting is supposed to be. That's why, like all the politicians and all day, this stuff church suck up the image, because he's like a sad pathetic dead old man in the chair who used to be funny 20 years ago, but isn't anymore. And looks like he's about two breaths away from a death any moment. But at any rate, five, six, seven, how's that pull coming? I was mainly mainly for humor for topics because he pissed me off or for a little bit of both. For a little bit of both, 100 out of 134 for humor 25 for topics floor, because he pissed me off for topics floor Kevin Baxter, four people listen to the show for topics and there's four topics. Yeah, four topics. The death penalty abortion because what is it? Immigration slash bilingualism. Fuliners and the right and the left and the in between. This is five, six, the 2 a.m. 4 3 a 5 6 b. WM by heavy court lawyer Dale, a measly lawyer on cast group station. WQAM.com or the world. I'm Trevor Kiddos forward upon Thursdays. Happy 24th anniversary now. Thanks, Kevin. You're the best, baby. Thanks, the girl we also have, B. You're the dog with great delight. She's the one the name of the house. She's the one the name of the house. For a season every night. It's your birthday life. Holy Holy. With your 30 double these times. Her shirt fits so tight. Holy Holy. She gives us young guys going to ride. You're right, you're just all about free. Wayne Arnold and Hudson are coming over with some pre-lunch today because it's all about free food for Jews. That's what it is on the show and even for a little Cuban's like George and even other Cubans like Miguel, he'll take some free food. What the money he's making why not. So do you get that thing straight now? Good. That's good. Because don't let that Greg read the stick at 2 a.m. Tony Hill. He'll know. He would stab his grandma on the back for a few weeks. He'll tell me yesterday how fast some people can move when properly motivated. Yeah, right. What a dick he is that Greg, we were in a bad haircut. You know, they think with all his wife's money, we're not a beast. He's money, we're going to get a decent haircut. Which I need to hear your haircut terrible. Real bad. What a bitch it is. My barber Mike is on the first of all he's not working the same tune anymore. He's out of time for a couple of weeks. What a hell can I go and get a decent haircut. Oh, God. He hate to go to some strange place. You're going to come out walking and looking like he's going to blow up one of those farmer haircuts. Might think of it up state in New York. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the I don't care who I'm just going like this. I don't need a guy named haircut. Did my hair look okay? Just throw the side bruise. No. Turn them over to what? You have to have an electric thing to do that. You don't have a attachment on your razor. An attachment on a razor. I don't use an electric razor. I don't use an electric razor. Oh. Use an electric razor. I don't. Oh, well then don't you have an attachment for? Yeah, you should see it. Yeah, that thing that. Oh, I didn't. You were hitting the attachment for that. That's what's grand was told me about before. She had a big smile on her post when she was talking about it. Don't ever let her come in here again. Please, I would, oh. Of all the things that happened today, everything else I took of the great humor. It was a been a tremendous day, but not seen her. She is just so full of crap. Here's a lady in Tamarack, hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Oh, hi. Can barely hear you, Neil. How are you? How is this? Is this better? No. No. That's okay. Must be you have a crappy phone. Listen, I have a request. Yes, ma'am. This is one of these real. It's all request. Two days a matter of fact, it's your lucky day. Oh, great. This is one of those real occasions that I'm not down playing Vingo with Seminole, and I'm home with my daughter. Oh, I'm sorry. Uh-huh. So I'd like to have that in Dwater? Please, please, please, that Catholic funeral song about the Black Woman. You played it like that? Oh, geez. Oh, yeah. Catholic funeral song about the Black Woman. I think I can make a week on my way down to Seminole, and I was a spirit. So could you play it till my husband and daughter can hear it? I work on it. Thanks. Okay. The Catholic funeral song she's talking about, or you can eat Negro. Are you sure? Absolutely. Okay. Well, work that in Seminole. If I could have a little bit of some excellent time, because they don't have to much to say anyway. To holidays, people want to get away from all this crap. They don't want to argue in a fight about some stupid stay in for some billionaire for some ball game that they don't care about anyway. We don't care. I've got a whole different attitude, and I'm glad that I do because what is it? Things that are important that we're getting all pissed off about, get pissed off about them. It's not worth getting pissed off about the mallings. You wanted to pick up a Canadian here. You got them. So don't be surprised that you're going to stab you in the back. And as you like him, you like it in Dave County. Here's a mobile and Davey. Hello. I need to have your holidays. Are you doing it? Same to you. I think I've got some stuck up with rectum. And that's what I'm hearing. Just people like me out there who love you with death, who dropped dead. Okay. Hello. Yes. And all these are commercial about the ball, then? Yeah. Ball is beautiful. And you guys are having these rug rats on top of your head. Can you look at the dickuous? Okay. Have a great day. Excuse me. Bye. There you go. Bobbi is in the burger. He just told you I guess. Get that dead muskware off your head. Of course in his case, wouldn't that cane difference? Think what? No. He's a real dick. Bobbi is in the burger. Changes name for sales. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and provide some wireless line. See, in a citrus thing, I don't want to go through it. That Greg weeping again. He was when Sam was the promotions director in there. I don't want to go through a lot of internal stuff again. When he was in there sitting on his ass all day, grabbing up all the freebies for himself and banging every chicken in the world in the QA and box up there at a guy named Maria. That was okay because he was like kind of an unofficial part of their family. But people come along and do a good job and they got like, you know, suck up and do this and do that. This guy, he is just brutal. But George got his bonus finally for the summer book. It's only the 19th of fricking December. The summer book was what's he July. What is it? June July and August, 11th, held his July of September. October and February, three months later. It's not too bad for him. Here's Pomp and O'Hlo. Happy holidays. I'm the same to you sir. I'm the future flyer, but even not the one you hate. I don't know the one you hate, but I don't know you don't hate me because I don't call that often. Okay. Dennis and Rimmer were reporting that with Claire's gonna be in that pre-tube. Did you hear anything about that? That's one of the rumors. Yeah, that they're gonna make a big package deal and it's gonna be by way of a buffalo supposedly. The thing I was hearing about is they're gonna trade Lindrosse and repair the buffalo. They're gonna get Mike Peck and whoever else. And then buffalo is gonna spin them off to the lease and I don't know who the leo. I don't know. I'm already scared that leo's are gonna give up too much. Okay, that's my next question. What else can I ask you? What are you gonna have to give up to get those guys? I'm afraid in addition to which what in the world? Why do they need to? I mean, the broke grade players, but why does Toronto need both of those guys? I mean, they're scoring more goals than the problem is an offensive defense. I don't understand they do that. Why do they have to tick the night of Molly or come in back too? Yeah. I didn't hear anything you haven't commented too much about that. How do you feel about number 66? Well, I think it's great for the game. Oh, why? These idiots say, why are all he owns the team so he's hoping to get his time to come. He wants to get his time to come. He wants to come. Who cares about that? He's a great player. All of us who are real fans should be just kissing the ground the fact he's coming back. No, no, we're not being taken. I'm got goosebumps on my arms just thinking about it. I'm returning. I wish he was going to be here tomorrow night. I wish he was doing the game after the one against Toronto, but nevertheless, we'll survive. Yeah, I can understand that. All right, we help. That's all I wanted to know. Okay, fine. Bye bye. I don't go. So we got a few real hockey fans out there. Not too many, which is why you don't hear too much of it on this show because like I said, Kevin, back to it's called survival. You got to give the public what they want to hear. You can't force me to do my bunch of old-style turd, okay, which is what you want to do. Oh, let's turn to clock back and even points out in this stupid article, which I don't get with them about a bunch of kills in good time. It's been 10 years since the WS News crew since they finally pulled the plug on WS News. 10 years. The station still there. Yeah, stations still there. It's a waxy. It's our farm team. Yeah, we farm out the ball games that we can't squeeze in. Just like we had the Heracle of basketball game on last night, coincidentally, I'm actually 790. Didn't some of those old talk show people by the way back onto that station. Yeah, for a little while. It's like whatever happened to Henry, Henry Bell. He was on there for about 10 minutes. And the new improved Sandy show and who was his agent. And then Sandy was on there doing her boring terrible horrendous think for about 15 minutes. Send the same old pirate. Have a nice day. Clap. Talk on the same stupid old bitches about bilingualism and how much they hate the Cuban and hate each other and hate themselves. Talk. See, and why is it that they're never the ones who are fingered out as being the pillars of hate? See, I got a little burned to pick with my bald head at a friend Tom Jicker, who's been very good to me over the years and is a, you know, he's a friend. But the fact is that he used to be on my show. And then everybody I have on my show, all of a sudden, would show up on the Sandy Peyton show back into these when I had guests. And Tom would come on and talk about TV and radio and he was a good guest except he was always interesting to my. Remember that? Maybe Tom has got good because he was always, always, Gretts it. Seriously, he's only guest ever had it was always a weapon and is brings out on the ear. But then anyway, so then she started having a mom, which is okay fine, who cares? But then he started sucking up to her and that really fostered my ask. So anytime people would say, oh, and you know, then you know, why don't you? He's the peddle of hate. He's the one always poem it. And in the meantime, that's all she ever talked about was got then bilingualism. What about you? The Cubans were, that's all she ever said. Did anybody ever finger her for that? Oh, did anybody ever finger her? For anything? Well, and not around anymore to tell those tales. Poor Anne. Well, they sure worked out over her or whatever her remains pretty good. Financial and physically I'm sure. Poor Anne. Won't have that fat bitch to kick her on anymore. And Bishop who had that big thing up there, Channel 10, the newsroom on a bulletin board. Anyone who listens to the Aurogrish show will be fired immediately, not sooner. A Channel 10. Although Todd's tongue in this field, he's a big fan. Huh? Who's Todd tongue in? There's Don? No. Nine minutes after you're, I don't never watch that station. I don't know what it is. That's quite a lot of deal. And that bitch Diane Magnum that came to my house and then came up with that bullcraft every particular story about my who, no, it wasn't even her. Was her and Giob bright? Giob not so bright? That was Diane. Well, that's Magnum to the story. But then the Giob bright had some mud. And she wasn't involved in it? No. Yes, she was. I don't think so. I saw it. Well, she behind the scenes. Something I didn't know. I think she was behind Diane's behind is what she was behind. Giob not so bright. Anyway, boy, we've sure seen him come and go this market man. There's been a long, long line. And you know, something, you know, the one who came and went and really just leaves a bad bad taste in my mouth. Yeah, I don't want to get started with that damn crap again about Mayor Pingu Piccania. But that was, we thought he was a good guy. We thought he was our Pizoni, it was a good guy. And now he thought he was latching out of a star and he liked latched out of a big elephant to her. And she's what he's got to hold up. One man to get her. In fact, you know who he looked a little bit like? You don't think he looked a little bit like Miguel? Oh. Well, you know, they all look alike. Yeah. I wish. Well, one man to get her was never. He was just kind of blind. He's like, you know, industrial strike Cuban. It's 11 minutes after noon at 5.60 WQA. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 5.60. You, hey. I had one in my mouth once. The holiday season. Everyone loves Christmas Carol. But until now, no one has ever written holiday songs about that other big holiday this time of year. That's why I said until now. Introducing, kind of, a Carol's on TV. It's always right that's my stress. It's thanks to all. Oh. He's in the news. Now, if then you're not the cue. Kind of can Carol's on TV. In press and fatal as it gets you hours and hours. But how did they be? You stick to get you into the other spirit of the season. On the day. I'm sorry. My mom, okay. Okay. I'm chopped with a set of slabs of corn pizza. I'll take a lot of squads. I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. Did your tired of the old traditional song? The holidays? Here's the whole new tradition. You'll get tired of almost before you know. You know. And the buy tips. And just a bunch. Say, oh, you know how we take to pay the pay. I'm the current topic. Total. How does your Carol's on TV? It's the holiday collection. You just can't get it passed over. Okay. 12.14. We've been here in the 1960. Happy Hanukkah. Merry Christmas. Happy Quonz and all of this stuff. If you're celebrating, we're happy for you. Am I celebrating? No. No. I'm just stick around for those trends today in order to do me. Because I think we're going to be here. Let's celebrate now. Because later it's going to be really, really grim. We can all sit around and say, cottage for what we used to have those great numbers. What have we got to a 25.54? Do we know? Remember what the number was? Are we on about the fourth page on here? Oh boy. 35. Can I get any worse than that? Wow. Of course, that's men and women. Going to be really ugly because we're going to have two bad months in real. Because it's quite an arbitrary number. Our audience vanished in September and October. Generally, they'll go along for a few months and then one month. They'll, they'll alleged that our audience just disappeared one month. This month, they had us two months in the row of September and October. So unless they all came back in November, which I doubt, because certainly all the bush people abandoned us released real time that they abandoned us. November. We got real problems. Or should say, management's got real problems. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the 1810 Verizon line. Here's a call from Baltimore. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Jesse Jackson is in tele-hassy. He's counting votes and so is his call, glassy. Do you know that they paid him? Okay. Thanks. Thanks for calling. 560, see what I mean? Right there is a classic example. Right there. It's just like we ran into the brick wall. That's probably the guy who facts me earlier that he was in Baltimore, which I appreciate the facts, but I wish I wish really wish you wouldn't have called. I would have given anything if you wouldn't have done that. Because now I don't feel nearly so good about the facts. If I now feel pretty crappy about the facts. Don't you? Feel really bad. Because I was like a real living and breathing person. See, this isn't that kind of show. We're not interested in Jesse Jackson. It's the holidays. All of that crap is over with. We're putting it in our behind. And we're not looking at a rear view mirror anymore. We're just moving straight on ahead and going in with a good things in life. Okay. If you want to dwell on all this crap, find call up that ass, Limbaugh, call up G Gordon-Litty, and all those other Nazis. Call up Ali North, call up Mr. and Mrs. North. Anybody want call up Peter North for that matter. I'll show you a good time. I'll show you something. But not on this show. Well, I work in some phenomenal calls that are really making my case for me then. I do thank you for that. He's almost as good as the guy that was talking about the Watson and they didn't know what her name was. Luz, not so wild. Eight million open lines here today. Boy, it's true. Rough and really tough. Keep going to these holidays. Nothing to make you want to take all the holidays off because if there's anything I need, it's a lot more vacation. Oh yeah, much more time off. If we didn't have that free lunch and those numbers come out of two-thirds, I just, I just, just go to Friday when that paycheck comes in. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Yeah. Happy holidays. Same view, sir. You got a lot of different goals in this and brighter. You know, he can wake up with that article. Yeah. Your phone is brutal. Sorry. Come me back later. Okay, because this is, I hope it's something to buy him a new phone for the holidays. Because that phone was just a butcher. All our lines are working. Let's see. There we got something to look forward to. Our lines finally kicked in right before the end of the year. Yeah. We're the end of the millennium. In fact, more and more, I'm reading some people who find that. I guess it took him several months to come around, but they all started to realize, oh, you know what, you're right. And the eldest is the new millennium starts January 1, 2001. Oh, just like the first one of the second ten apples is number 11, not number 10. Oh, I see. All you have to do is just keep reminding yourself there was no year zero. That that is very simple. The first year was one. Huh? Oh. Here's a mobile and my amy, hello. So, yes, sir. Yes, sir. All right, man. Uh, six. None of them are part of each. I don't care. I just got a real funny thing that happens to me with leek. Yeah. Uh, my grandmother is like, God's representative. She's her, she's got the agent. Uh-huh. And my wife had surgery over the weekend, right? Yeah. So, they do with everyone, you know, when they shake over whatever. Whole bunch of whole group from her church. Went over to our house. Oh, thank you. Yeah. See how she was doing and whatever support knows just crap, right? Anyway, uh, my grandmother got to a fair, we out of five discs city square. Yeah. And I had burned a CD for a friend of mine. I'm going out to New York without whole bunch of your bitch, right? And a whole bunch of you, eh? And it had the pop smoke stove. Great. It had um, a gotch smoke cannabis. Great. It had um, uh, this is, oh, my religion's better than your religion. Next one. Right? Yeah, a bunch of them, right? So anyway, it's like 10 30s y'all in that, and not a playing Christmas song. My wife had a couple of CD. Mm-hmm. Okay. So, as they're talking, whatever, and it's in the background, there's Christmas song playing. There's a five disc city square and one, automatically won one over. It moves to the next one, yeah. It moves up to the next one, yeah. It's such a right thing. I don't know. I mean, the middle of conversation, or you can call the sky, any calls to our blinds. Well, it's so stolen. It's like, excellent. There are 12 people in the house that all come up with a save diamond, one dollar. I love a runnin' runnin' clear a role, man. Good. I want to say you a check for Brazilian knowledge. He was one with it. Okay. Thank you. Have a great life with me, go. Bye-bye. And what was he playing? He tried to pop the pop and I was, and the pop didn't pop out a lot of things from what I'm here. He says, look at my wild and firm and fully packed. He's got a phone and took a hit and woody. He act like she chained a song. Yeah. And he's so much he's in. Make runnin' still with that. I agree. And woody sharing with Jesus and the same. The five, five heads. And yeah. Yes. Party is race. Yeah. Party is race. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What is God's most cannonball? That's a pop we got. No, can't pass, nice, more than a pass. Can't do high on the special purpose. Just in and most of the kids and so on. On a great hunt for school roll. To get some better kid home roll. So she'll stop all time back to take home. Most of the people are my little bro. No fun and heaven, Miss George. From 22 at 560 WCM. I will say those are you out there who are getting down to your hands and knees and kissing the ring and worshiping a silly old man and dress. You are the biggest problem in the world. It's not him. It's you. The fact that you're that stupid. But anyway, have a great holiday. And don't forget to put the angel at the top of the tree too. Five, six, seven, oh, huh? And don't forget to put the anore in just the white spot and be sure and put that Miss Oto and the white placing be sure and kiss somebody's leg home in the right area. Yeah, all of these things. And don't don't let your, Mrs. Han cook on the outside of the door. Be for sure those evil spirits are going to slip right on through. Here's a mobile and convict. Hello. My name, I'm area. I'm doing great. Good, happy holidays. I'm 20 years old. Just have a question for you. I was invited actually to see a Broadway play or I guess a musical in this case. It's a fan of the opera. This past weekend. Really wasn't thrilled about going. I just wanted to know about your thoughts on. I've been to that kind of stuff to you enjoyed because I really wasn't in the past. I had a wonderful time. I never seen anything like that in my life. Never been to one of those things. Really? Like I got out and out there. Wow. Well, it was a joy. I mean, I really never got into that. But I tell you, it was really a thrill and looking forward to taking my wife and future and all that kind of stuff. Anyway, you got a question. Really a question. Were you real quick? Yes, sir. Any chance you play in that, uh, I think it's the AT&T operator thing. I don't know. You got it. Thank you. Okay, have a great holiday. Bye bye. See now I know where it is because I'm getting smart here. I'm writing some of those on the outside of the uh, I'm gonna see that. Yeah, here it is right here. Boy, am I sharp for no fart? Not really, but sounds good. Not I mean, we got so much damn crap. If anybody had any concept of the 80 trillion different comedy bits and all in the sound. Oh yeah, they're all all far, tuna. That we haven't here. We're liaps about 4,000 in the, what in the VCS? Yeah. Probably, you know, if I were a little bit smarter I'd write on the outside. Oh, I did. I did. Which cut it was on the disc. So then instead of fumbling around killing a lot of time waiting for it to queue up like I'm doing right now, we could like get right to it and quit wasting so much time. So the thing is that the NNL is constantly the AT&T's new with college plans, that's a simple by calling and the VCS on the old. Wait, who are you again? AT&T. AT&T and you're calling for what? To answer you that I knew with calling plans? You knew with calling plans? Yes sir. All right, go ahead. Okay. Well, I've heard AT&T like I said, we do have really calling plans. Like a simple by calling. If you're fabulous. If you don't mind me asking. Uh, hello? You don't mind me. I'm on the toilet while I'm talking. Okay. I'm going to go. What kind of law this is, creating? What's your question again? What kind of law this is? K. Hello. Do you have? We must use APNT. I don't know. Okay. So it will be a better time for me to call back. What? What's that better time for me to call her back? No, I, you got to talk to me because I have the phone here in the bathroom and I don't want to get up and hang it up. So keep talking to me. I'll tell me more about your deals. Okay. So you say, you think you're with the Tier 8, how you making MCI a sprint? What? So you think you would MCI a sprint or AT&T? Something like that. Okay, do you know what kind of Rachel currently getting? Uh, hello? You prefer to roll it up or do you want it? Here you make that key for that one at the time? Uh, I'm making a poopy. Do you make a poopy? Hello? Oh, I thought you'd bad. That's been stream off. I thought I knew this could be it. That other thing was a direct. All new is the call day baby. We were back to the year five six. We were bring back Robe Young. Ricky Tickey, show I got that cap all busted off and I'm not sure if you're going to get a new one. I'm not sure if you're going to get a new one. I'm not sure if you're going to get a new one. I'm not sure if you're going to get a new one. I'm not sure if you're going to get a new one. I'm not sure if you're going to get a new one. I'm not sure if you're going to get a new one. I'm not sure if you're going to get a new one. The PD. Yeah, he made it the PD. There's the meat for lunch. I don't know the corn. But anyway, and now she's been for a year. She does headline news when Russell's slim black hair. Yeah, she's nice. She actually like sent me a note a cup of few years ago. Congratulations. I made my great success and she's very nice. Back in those days. She wasn't so nice, but then I guess she moved but anyway, she was married to Jim Dumbledore. I used to be on QM back in that era with Robby Young and I was maybe somebody noticed. She wouldn't have any of those people anymore. They're probably all dead. Oh, I'm sorry. Well, hey, listen, you know when you get to be as old as I am and the best you can do is like tinkle on the panel pretend to be big Wilson. He was a good guy. Hello big. So I'm here. Yeah, it's also like that. Yeah, it's a awful show. Not talking about his radio show. His TV show was also awful. I like they've dicks in myself and you know what? Now they're both there. This is 560. You way out. Oh, that's the wrong one. I'm going to hit it. Let's eat a baby. Now see if you would let it go. I farted right up to the farting camp. Oh, I don't want everybody that's wrong again. If there was ever song there was played like a million times too much the morbid depressing film that Lee and Bobby Hatfield, the unrighteous brother, can't stand him. Let me sick and ain't you right? Very depressing song. But anyway be that. So that was the Jim Dunlopchig. A lot's good. There was the bad news. He died. He died. He died? Oh, no. This is going around. This is getting ridiculous. He died? Oh, Christ. Yeah, he was very good at well in Russell. I guess he's not anymore. 560. Oh, now we also have a welcome to Greenfield. This is big. They're weird. You know he used to play to piano with the New York Statehouse and you know who he used to only the earth's take house who's also dead was a big fan guy. She all the fat people are dead. What the hell was your guy's name? He used to only earth's take house. It'll come to me. First they were on the beach and the name moved over on the biscuit bullard and big used to take it on the panel. That was a good place. They had great stakes. But the guy who owned it was a big fat guy. And the big fat guys, you know what they say George? Like a dumb delivery said in Fatsau. The fat people are the good people and the good people are the dead people. Wonderful. Dunlopchig. How's that rich deal, my little lad? Fat. Oh, you'll see him tonight. He said he'd probably stop by. He'll roll over and down this car and if he smells the pasta he'll be on by. 560 5050 5060 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Great guy fat rich had a good night's a track last night but fat. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. You know I wasn't candle but now in hell yeah. Okay you're making a lecture on number one on 22 years old Julia. It's not worth for a delivery of company. Oh my friends, I'm a bunch of guys. Listen to you every day. I want to say happy birthday to one of them. Oh, right. Oh, you're kicking some bucks. Forget about what that's much from Lamingel says about you. You have nothing better to do. You're kicking some serious ass. I am. Okay. I just call him to wish I made Christmas and I happy new year for you and George and everybody over there. Mom, I'm gonna get that off. You keep it up. Okay, what's your guys name and have it a birthday? Hello. Thank you. I'll go near here. Bye bye. I'm St. K. Happy birthday Pablo. And get a real name. 560 5050 5060 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Oh, this is all of the sales demands. No, it's you. Wow. I'm gonna get it. I'm gonna get it. I don't have any music here. Little leave a was a life name boy. For Brown. Leave a boy. So that 500 names on the dead old guy and I can't remember any one of them. Marty's Sussan. Marty, that's it. Okay. Oh, I want a good guy. Marty was. And you know what the best part of that place is? Was? Could it's not there anymore? It was free. What was this? Spongebob. Oh, no, you know, I have a lot of sponsors. I can go eat free meals. In fact, these people like you put me down for free as workers. I lived down here. Why should I do for free? I could be a big shnoor, but I don't like doing that. I have like, it's embarrassing. But I was never embarrassed to go there. Nothing I went there too often because when you go there, it was always a big meal. I mean, it was like a big, big, big, with, you know, like a big bowl of soup, and a huge steak and all the stuff that goes with it. And then of course, unbelievable desserts. Like going to Bernstaycast. Have been to Bernstaycast. I'm one of Easter live. Boy, let's not find out he's dead. Bernlancers from Bernstaycast. There's another cheap prick. Oh, yeah, give him 8 billion plugs on here at W. News. We used to go over there to find you and play baseball over there in Tampa. Always a to Bernstaycast. Always would say, oh, my gosh, the number of people that you send over here, the who you're waiting about us, we appreciate it so much. Never give me a glass of water for get a glass of wine for free. I mean, nothing. I don't believe in trying to be pay, what was the line here that I don't try to be pay kindness with free goods, but I always have my best wishes, which was the way of saying he was a cheap prick. Good steak though. Good onion soup. And I was never going to have the dessert room upstairs because it's in Tampa. And who the hell in their right mind? Oh, damn well. Exactly. Oh, why is a great restaurant like that over there? Why have they had steak and shake over there for all those years? And we finally now have to go to the grave and begging. We finally get one here. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I couldn't call yesterday. I'm a disenfranchised sports fan. And if you ask me, all professional sports should be banned at the United States, and I know I'll never live to see it. Yeah. You think about all the fuel that's wasted and the money that's wasted on for the list, travel and energy, you know, gone in the wrong direction. And professional sports work and when are we taking more time with our kids? Yeah, but what would all the chronic gamblers who work at this radio station, what would they do then? I don't care. I have to find something else to gamble on. I'm sorry. I'm like I said a distant franchise fan and I I I I for the life of me. I can't understand. I love somebody just totally lifeless. I don't know why people want to continue subsidizing and I get all my tickets free. I haven't used the Marlon ticket in years and when I get them, they just sit in the drawer somewhere and I'm glad not to give them away. Not because I'm cheaper. I want to hoard them, but just because it makes me feel that there are more empty seats there. And they deserve having empty seats. Yeah, kids, I can see taken into a ball game or watching them play, became themselves. Yeah, if you can afford taking them, yeah. But the pain right the subsidized somebody who makes millions of dollars. I don't get it. Sometimes I feel like I'm for another planet. I know. And then there's people like the supporters that are done this radio station who are looking everywhere they can to like justify. I mean, sure if somebody wants to give you $25 million a year under most circumstances say, okay fine, I'll take it. Whatever you give me. But in the meantime, there's going to be some kind of conscience. I think most of those guys could live on, you know, seven, eight million a year would probably squeak scrape by right. Now I think they're the whole thing. All these swatchers and all these things did jock, give you it. Yeah. Get it job. Yeah, especially when you consider how illiterate most of them are. Okay, good luck to us pal. Good luck. I'll see you on your right. I'll see you on another planet. Yeah, he's right. Of course, that you can't possibly say that because that's very un-American. Oh, you can't do that. And it was a great football game online. I started to cut the the asset of that. Wow. That was one of the best games in years. Tampa Bay and the Rams. Wow. Yeah. Talk about those pictures over there in Tampa. Oh, damn well. I mean, beside that. They were having a one-haw that. You see that came last night. Didn't see it again. The abux in the Iran's. That was one of the most asked kick in NFL games I've seen in about 400 years. That was phenomenal. And of course, with the water down league now you have an all-professional sport. So much of it is garbage anyway, but that was a pretty damn intense. 21 before 1 at 5 60 WQM your juxtapes station for the hot off. This is 5 60 UAF. The Neil Roger show sports radio 5 60s. I wouldn't believe a word Neil said if the tongue was not arrived. Back to the window. Yeah, back to the window. Yeah, back to the window. Yeah, back to the window. Yeah, back to the window. Hey, you heard me turn me alarm off. I'm faked down and I'm drowsy. And when the coffee starts, I'll need 11 cups of waking up as loudly. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Morning. Morning. When my eyes are lit together, yeah. Morning. I want to stay in bed. You forever. Now I'm stuck on the freeway. The handle you're bored on. I was my horn wasn't too late. Yeah, back to the faucet. Wait again. I want to tell him where to go. That's just a mood on there because morning till he blows. Morning. I just can't get it. It's together. No. Morning. If I could stay in bed, we'd be better. I'm too late. Yeah. I'm so late. I'm too late. I'll take out the cup. I'm too late. It's about 44. It's about Ricky Martin. We just found his kitchen gets banged. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. What a long way. Many, many open lines. We're just having a little fun here today. Turned the clock back and the Kevin Bastard happy over there with the hero. He wants that old-time radio. The one who wanted that morning, he wants to let that old-time jingles. Oh, I love it. Now I'll be here. I need to do that for the woman with the men in high school. I love her. I love you. You. The hell is that? Oh, that song intro ever. Who is the song in circuit? Oh. Oh. It's another one. He just loves you. This is the guy that does the track and he puts on IoD. Donnie? Yeah. This guy just has a good track Ricky thinking he'd work. Yeah. I'll put you on. See, now you back to the record. I had no choice. Well, he won't see it anyway. That's not what it is all-time better ones. That's pretty weak. If I keep it with a great thing with the 98 degrees. I'll just maybe I'll play that thing up play that. No. No. I was the other one to say I'll play this. If I can use it again, sure why he'll not. You like it. You love it. You just don't want to admit it. 560560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live. It will be a pizza-loved 699 PM tonight in the pizza-loved Plaza-Bianne Pureway Imports. I'm an University Drive. And Joe Costello be there. George Be there. Fat Rich might stop by. Our goal is to be in the next one. We'll not be there. Which means we'll be a lot more food for everybody. Walker Brian will be there. Who I leave on. There's a lovely Miguel of course will be there. And keep your hands off of him. Here's a mobile and hell and hell. Hello. Can the growth now? I got it. Does that fawn superstition and does the traffic report? See also does the weather reports down there. Exactly. One quick question. You could not look about to do this. First hand knowledge, Robert Moro. Have I heard of it? Yeah. No. What is it called? First hand knowledge. I already participated in the CIA mafia murder of President Kennedy. Really? What's the idea of the author? Robert D. Robert D. Moro. It's published about 10 years ago. I was just that book that I've been looking for. He's been going to a house I never heard of that. You've been there on the rock, you know? Evidently, yeah. You've been there on the rock, you know? Yeah. You've been up to pick up. I've been up to pick up five bucks and that's up to the Quiddler's place. I've been up to nine ninety five. How old will be to go? Oh, I'm not going anywhere near hell and there'll be to go to the village. Oh, you've got to be joking. Yeah, in fact the guy that does the weather reports and the traffic reports he list near there I think. Can drives around quite frequently. Uh-huh. Neil. Yeah. And uh. Okay, we'll see you. Whoo! Five, six, seven, oh five, six, six, five, six, six on the AT&T. We got three calls left and a board then I'm going home. Well, that's right. Lunch is coming. We got those big trends coming out. They're going to be really here. Bad. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You want to go to the next month when the whole farm will come out of the river. We'll be like big articles in both those papers. What happened to Rogers? What happened to QAM? They're in the tank. And here's the mobile and cool spring. So, I think Jeff Charles is still out there looking for a gig too. Yeah, there's another good one for Jeff Charles. Oh, another guy that was here for about four minutes. And uh, my, my Anthony, some names from the past. Uh, my, my Anthony, some names from the past. We've got my, hey, I was at Burns a couple of weeks ago. Uh, funny. You should bring up. You should still arrive. Turn to still arrive. We took the tour after dinner. Yeah. Oh, he's never taken the tour. And I asked this. It's burned still alive. Because when I was a kid, I mean, my dad used to, I lived abroad and he's a company and business to go to that place all day. Well, I asked you something. That's on Howard Street, right? Yes. Now, what's the deal with that dessert thing they have upstairs? Because they had, the last time I was there, that wasn't in Vogue yet. They hadn't been read at that. Oh, what's the last time you were there? Oh, many, many years ago. To the first time I was there in 86, it was there. And they used to have TV with TVs and your booths as well. You used to have TVs and stereo as your own little dessert booths. Really? Yep. And so, on other, do you want to eat dinner downstairs? Right. You'd have to make your reservation downstairs. Would you like to serve the dessert? We'd say, yeah, I would have would say, no. And you make the dessert reservation. And then when you're done, you just head upstairs. Huh? And you can smoke cigars up there to the cigar bar to the piano bar. It's really nice. I wonder if cigar Dave hangs out up there. Because he's a real man. I did go to the bus city while I was there right down the street. He did purchase a cigar to smoke at burns when I was there. Excellent. But the food was fun. I won't even go three times. 86, like three years ago and again, a couple of weeks ago. And I had heard some people, maybe even on your show say that it has gone down a bit. But if it has, and it had a... Well, I never said that because I haven't been there in a long time. How the people may have called and said it. But I'd say it was just. And I put things at so, you think it's really high end, expensive restaurant. But with the price of your meal, you get everything else you need. Yeah, well, at least it used to be. You pay by the pound. You order by the weight of whatever you want. And wait. And the thickness. We ended up through my wife and her cousin. We got a shadow beyond for three. I should've got a shadow beyond for like seven. It was just so amazing. Yeah. Just remarkable. When you get the potato, you get the French onion soup. The French onion soup is just a dip on it. That's one of my favorite dishes. But I make some of the best. And everything else I found that on the menu is like, if you want extra onion soup is like two dollars. Yeah. And the potato is a buck fifty. It's not like a pain five or six, seven bucks for a potato. We're a vegetable. It was, it was outstanding. And still is. And the dessert bar was great as well. And I did make it to steak and shake last week up at sawgrass. I actually had a sit outside and wait. And like you had a fancy, fancy restaurant. You had a wait and like take a number and a, right. You know, 15, 20. Yeah, they jam in there. It was that. It was a line. It was a line. I've never seen it like for that type of restaurant or a waiting. Considering it's on the outskirts of the mall. Right. I didn't figure it would be that packed. I finally did a smart thing. They chopped down those trees or bushes. Whatever was blocking it. And they finally saw people actually see that. There now. Have you been there yet? We had to, I thought what over got some takeout. The first week and they were open. Yeah. It was, I had been there years ago when I opened like rain ten or Lake. Yeah. It was great. It was, I highly recommend it. But wait till like after the holidays. Especially those shakes with the cherry on top. Big shakes. Do like shakes for four. You bet. Okay. Listen. I'll see you at Burns. I know. Yeah. Let's talk about food. Let's get Robert Tauff on the food editor from the hero like Sandy used to do like 15 times a week. Robert Tauff, who's tasted as an instructor, who's wish. I mean, we can get Peter Clayton back on. Oh, he's still dead. Yeah. He knew his crap. That was a restaurant critical reading of his crap. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I think I wet my pants then. I want to stir over with Bill Carter. I'd Peter Clayton the restaurant critical. And we both knew a little inside secret about Peter and his personal tastes and proclivities. And Peter brought us here used to bring in like some little stuff to a munch on. And he brought in these like gourmet. I don't know what they're called. I'm like round. They look. They're like in real heavy juice. And they look like turds. And Bill opened it up and turned off Peter reached in their right in the middle of the hour and started eating one. And I started laughing so hard that actually I was up against the wall shaking violently just shaking tried to control myself. I'm positive that I scored score ahead of what my pants. Those are the days, baby. But of course Kevin Baxter wasn't around that he hasn't got any idea what I'm talking about. And that was that topical where I was talking. No, that wasn't topical. I was spawned. I was entertainment. That was like like I said, peeing your pants radio. Here's Davey. Hello. Hey, now I ain't doing great. Hey, I just wanted something for George. I was wondering if he needed to the Olympic that's good concert last night. No, she had going to said no. He missed it. There was his favorite stuff there. Marijuana, naked breath. And a lot of motion and shoving and pushing. Oh, that's great. There you go. Well, I'll make the next one. You can be sure that. Same stuff for the pizza locked tonight. So I guess you have to waste the money on those tickets. Same stuff. A lot of naked breasts. A lot of pot. Lot of pushing shoving and carrying on. And of course pushing and chill and all the pinnons who shows up tonight. Because the show was all retired. So up tonight. We're going to just shove them out to the right. I can't know. Some of them. I know. I know. All of the hand deal with that crowd. We want some different living and reading people tonight. Because this is it. This is the finale as far as that crap goes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line Hanks are going to be long at two. With Robert Jones and five. I think I heard on the problem with the Iowa wind minute four for the NBA stuff. And the boot shop is at six, dedicated flavor. Kind of clock tonight. Here's a mobile and North Miami. Hello. Hey, we're all. Yes, sir. Hey, we're all great. We're all off. And then we in the course, to Ravo. You were talking about hand going to the fan in New York. And Dennis Eric Fin was swear and he was staying in Miami. How do you like that? Hey, we love the show. Fiting sounds and all. Even if it's been a service in doing it. Usually, but Dennis, Dennis, it's usually the bouncing sound. The beer drinking is for. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. I have no idea. I got to tell you. I got to tell you. I got to tell you. What do you say the name of the book was? Mine comes. I don't know. I have no idea. I got so well-wacked out with what I would. Yeah. I heard the name. I want there's name was Robert Moro. I think. I got. I didn't just want to tell you. I mean, how many books could Robert Moro have written if he was like some kind of a CIA spy? So I'm assuming that's if you find that you got it. Well, I hadn't called it a while and you said it was slow. So I figured out they got the phone. Well, it was worth a woman. You know, I just wanted to let you know that I'll see you tonight at all just place. Okay. Hey. I feel the ponytail song. Good idea. See ya. Yeah, it's like a... Yeah. Yeah. The truth is, please help the trade with a window when you know that the song. I love the... And the arrangement really not see our might be. The best thing I'd like. When I'd act, it makes a look so sweet. This is what it is love. It's just co-in and it's ponytail. That's what you did. That's what you did. That's what you did with the window when you know that. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Don't let the windows in your mouth. It's like a little window when you know that. Yeah. It's like a little window when you know that. Perfectly, Robert 560WQM. You'll be able to see if a ponytail store or swaying a wiggling that I between the 69PM. Now let me ask you one before we go on with the sweet stuff. Did you say to the bird? This is 560. QAM. For 3.056WQM, Miami Fort Lauderdale, a measly broadcast group in the NWQAM.com. It's not just the one to two hour, it's a phenomenon. Okay, I... You're my little brother, so I have to show you how to celebrate Hanukkah. This is called a dream. You spin it and see what it means. And you think this song? I have a little trailer. I made it out of play and made it shine ready. With Jaila, I shall play. Oh Jaila, Jaila, Jaila, Jaila, Jaila, Jaila, Jaila, Jaila, Jaila, Jaila, Jaila, Jaila, Jaila, Jaila, Jaila, Jaila, Jaila, Jaila, Jaila, Jaila, Jaila. Now you try. I just spin it with your fingers like this. Let's play. Let's play. Can I sing? Can I roll? I'll play. This one. Right. On the way. Three. Can you do the way and watch the square of the house? Okay, what the hell are you doing? Oh, hey, Carmen. Look, my face. What do you want to try? Yeah. Here's a little trailer. That's not in danger, Clay. But I'm not gonna play with it because they don't fucking game. Hey, just shut up. That's cute. They do the game. Cute. That's right. They're native, Jaila. Do I need you, Adolfrey? They do the game, Jaila. Do I need you, Adolfrey? They do the game, Jaila. Do I need you, Adolfrey? That's right. What's going on? Oh, it's that honor to sing. It's cute. You're amazing. You've been listening on the grandnacers. Man, you're making what you're not in. Let me try. I'll try to make it then. It's a while trial again. Oh, I'll tell you. Oh, I need you, Adolfrey. They do the way and I'll try. I'll tell you. Oh, I'll tell you. I need you, Adolfrey. They do the game, Jaila. They do the game, Jaila. They do the game, Jaila. That's right. They do the way and I'll tell you. They do the way and I'll tell you. They do the game, Jaila. They do the game, Jaila. They do the game, Jaila. They do the game, Jaila. That's right, Adolfrey. Hello, boys. I know. Oh, oh, pressure. You boys are all playing for Adolfrey. Don't come to me. No, that's right. I'll let the five of us defend the way we're playing. Yes, you know, that's right. I think it's okay. Interesting. Now, when you are, that's the great. Oh, it's good. Oh, it's good. Oh, it's good. Oh, it's good. It's good. I think it's great. It's good. It's good. Oh, it's good. Oh, it's good. Oh, yeah. Hello, everybody. Can I join in? Yeah. I have a little jater. I need it, Adolfrey. And when it's fine, ready with jater, like so, and I'll let it down. All right, let it down. And I can't let it down. It's okay, all right. It's okay. It's okay. No, that's right. That's right. It's okay. All right. It's okay. All right. I can't let it down. It's okay. Court knee, cuts, eyes, love you, you're so hot, on that show, dad. Court knee, cuts, dad. A-A. We're thinking about a cradle. Oh, sorry. You spoke about the way of doubt. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's going to be a pull-horse in the volcano, that's much of a corticox or a wany tox. Or how about donkox? Whatever happened to him? He's still here? A power or kiss. And he's at power? Donkox? No, come on, we don't ever see him anymore. Once the last time you seen him, the Christmas party. But I mean, before that. Yeah. Well, he's here's a hang-in. He's just laying low, I guess, is the way to describe it. I'm laying low. Since we played that tape that time, of him over in the Bahamas. Yeah. Well, sure, we still had that. Here's a mobile in Melbourne, hello. Oh, I'm here. Yes, sir. Hey, um, yeah. Those are those things that you've got. You said you actually put bugging around the right one, then I? Yeah. What are you going to do while up? What do I think of one? The new lineup. You know, with all my goals and for the new lineup. That's the new lineup. The new lineup. You have to be joking. The dentist Miller is in a bush and here and belong on there. Oh, well, I got to agree with that, Matt. But I mean, let me ask you something. Why are people still discussing that? Nobody watches a bug. You're especially a great game like that because of the announcers. So I'd rather turn them down altogether and listen to how we're David. We hit it on TV. I was driving home from the track and heard most of that last quarter. And how are David is great? Who now wants to hear Dennis Miller try to be a funny, but it just being a jackass. Oh, okay. That was bad for it. It's a, I used to, I'd rather go to the TV. If they would have left, our Michaels on there with Deerdorf just two guys, it would have been great. It doesn't take three people to broadcast the sporting event. Absolutely. Absolutely. Collected. Have a great day and get new phone. Who the hell are these guys? Shepard all up and down on TV here. All right. All right. All right. All right. I said, very buddy in this shot, George. Because of what it really looked like. What? And those possibly be real. Now we're finally getting some good naked people on the MTV. This is where it's at. Love you, it's a good busy. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound five, 60. Oh, right. On the AT&T and Verizon. Maybe some of those people will show up at the pizza often. I will. No, the usual ugly crown is it? Here's a highly, hello. Hey, Neil, what's going on? How you doing, sir? All right. I'm a 21 year old, who you? And I was here when you said about the kind of hell we wrote to you. You know, a problem is nobody might as well visit. This is a soft floor to show you the new rod to show. If you want to blow farts and make fun of people, it's, oh, you can do it. That's right. You know what I mean? Just to know what the hell just wishes he was making like five percent of what I'm making here. That's what I'm talking about. I say, you just blow farts for the whole week. Just everybody on. OK. Glad to know. Good luck, yes, sir. And watch where you're blown at first. Yeah, we're just going to blow farts. And honor of Kevin Baxter to over the hill. So this is the pisses answer on his bizarre audience, vice-parts. See, here one of these. Put a little smile on their push. Because that mean, you know, a farts are funny. They're embarrassing, but they're also funny. What's the big deal with that? I mean, I don't even give it a second thought. You know? Yeah, there's the original one. And this guy, that's all he thinks to show is all about. And what's goes to show you. And, you know, he listens. He's listening right now. He's been listening the whole day. He's squeezing himself. Kevin Baxter. He's got some of those gay porn a lot there in front of him. He's squeezing it. That's what George said. 5, 6, 7. And you say he's like a little fruit cake. That's what you told me. Who? Kevin Baxter. Or when there was seen him, you said, look at Rome. Go through them on the front. Did you speak to him on the phone? What do you say? He said, hi there. Oh, well, like I said. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami? Hello, Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah, yeah. Well, that's okay. Well, forgive you. All right. Anyway, talking about that game last time. You sound like a mobile? I got to tell you, you worked on that little running back about a hundred and ninety pages. What a fourth quarter. What a final drive that was. I got to tell you, it was going full speed collision to get 160 pound line. That was a real game. I mean, there was a sporting event that I would have paid a hundred bucks to be there and see that game. Oh, you got that. You got that. You got that. You got that. You got that. You got that. You got that. You got that. No, that's not a little bit. No, sir. Nobody deserves twenty five million dollars a year to play sports. But he's giving up his health. I mean, that's a good thing. Let me say it. Let me say it again. What are the people in the military are going to get for Eisenhower, help you asshole you idiots. Call up one of the sports shows with crap like that. He's giving up his body to play a ball game. People in the military are giving up jeopardizing their health every day. Are they getting twenty five million dollars? Oh, you idiot. You moron. What are you in the acquisition of a look for? What about you with the stress factor and the yearly grave? Yeah, and I'm not making no twenty five million. You jack asked that to put up with more on like you. Talk to scumbags like you. If anybody's worth, I'll guess what nobody is worth twenty five million year. Maybe some biochemist who comes up with a great cure for cancer or AIDS or something like that. Yeah, he's worth a hundred million. But the idea that some dumb jerk that's playing a ball game is worth millions and millions of dollars. Oh, yeah, but look at all the money. He's bringing a, you know, that would be like, Santa, somebody on the assembly line at General Motors who's making an polling green. It's making those great co-vets that I drive because General Motors may at all they're not doing that great right now. But they have years when they make billions of dollars. So therefore why is that guy on the assembly line making millions? I mean, that's just, it's cocky. It's crap. It's greed. Boy, what a, what a bunch of jerks these sports. All right, you know, the guy that called before and I realized that I'd be the only one who would agree with him. Not a hundred percent, but he had a good point. Let's have about five years with no, no sports at all in this country and start to start discovering what we're going to like for Zollabakh. They're more important thing than God damn ball games. Now you're wrong, me. How can you say that at a sports station? I just said it. He don't forget that panther gave him our night panthers in the friends. Hey, I said ball games are an important say hockey games. Because we don't use a ball. They got big balls, but they play with a puck, schmuck. Good stuff from late on. Thanks to Wayne and our friend, our close friend, Hudson. The only man who ever worked at Royal Castle had a call named after him. Did you ever see a Hudson? No, Packard? I think about it. No, the student maker. Right and say, yeah, the judge Packard. I said Packard. How to fund with the student maker. Those are neat little cars, student makers. Packards were a big, like a tank, big ugly, sorry, man. Old movies. Yeah. And how about old movie, I'll go on a belly up. They're discontinuing the old, about time. Yeah, staagy. Ugly cars. I'm not sad to call this. They're clientele as old dad. I had a great couple of us. About a hundred years ago, it was a great car. I'm going to say after one at five, 60 W to Q a m. I'm going to run the London for you for a car. Wow, what a nice deck. Thanks. I love his deck. It's so big. I think my bigger. I've seen your deck. It's not bigger. When did you show you his deck? Over a hit house? I was on his deck. You wrote his deck? It was before your deck. Your deck is thicker. My deck was pretty firm, man. You had a rock hard deck. Good job, sir. When were you at his deck? One summer? For how long? Did you ensure it? At the time. But my deck's bigger. What is it with you guys in your deck? How many decks have you been on? On. Does it matter? You just can't get enough deck. Can't you? Yours is the biggest and the best, okay? I must do love my deck. Or let me kiss it. I'm going to kiss you deck. Oh, yeah. Kiss my deck, baby. And stroke it? Uh, rub my deck. This is really kicking. What? I've never seen a woman climb on another man's deck. And rub his heart deck. And stroke his word deck. Did it turn you on? You never did that to my deck. I let his deck. Oh, yeah, baby. It stuck my deck. Uh, um, um. Oh, yeah, love my deck, deck sucker. Ouch. Oh, what? Baiter. Just swallow. Never! But out! Ha ha ha. Girls love big heart decks on a man. Girls don't like tiny, rough decks. Big, thick decks. Available at decks decks. So you're all of ages. And that goes to show you what I want to learn how much of a different to convey. Which was the model of our show today. That's one letter, the one from PDA, Lenny. That's really to you. What are you saying? Oh, 560. How's that pull coming? 230 votes. I listened to them mostly for humor for topics. A little both are for because he pushes me off. 230 votes. A little bit of both are 160. 70 or 69 have percent. For humor, 57, 24.7%. And because he pushes me off 8, 3.4%. For topics, 5. Kevin Baxter over there. So 5.2.1%. Oh, but we have to have a talk about talk station. We got to have to lightball, but yeah. Yeah, let's bring back Joyce Kaufman and Norma Kent. What do you say to that? No. No. You know, the head of the lecture said they're having brownouts and blackouts in California. With all the shortages of electricity in this country. The last thing we do need to do is waste electricity to put radio stations on to put that crap on here. But I'd have to shut the transmiters off. That's what they shared done with the lightball. Anybody know what did they do with lightball, but they do in location, melodies, not or something. That's what ultimately happens to all those little like 10 watt stations. They broke our motor like Haitians and Jamaicans to sell, you know, they turned it into a microwave oven. Excellent. Things are really cooking over there now. Here's a mobile in Haalia, hello. I'm trying to report Neil. Yes, sir. I actually had 20 stream in Haalia between West 4th Avenue, 8 Avenue. It's a match between West, 20 street on West, 8 Avenue, shut down completely. Okay. So, you're so warning. Thanks a lot, amigo. Thank you. Have a happy Christmas. 5 6 7. 5 60. What? Okay, have a happy Christmas then you can also let by Chinook at the same time. Come on, start giving those gifts out. What do you say? Give those gifts. And maybe you'll get more than a dollar do or what do you think? Think he's coming up with more than a buck? No. Keep quick. Our set, our up almost said that. Plant parenthood total very weak. 74,630 bucks. Are we going to make it to 100 grand? No. See if we had more key change, you're just arguing about that again. 74,630 since last year they 4490, very weak. Van hit 16,050 on a web 24,200. Specs. Specs is the thing that's really just amazing, man. You want to know why? Because they're all like the guys who did before. Kids, you know, we're burning a CDs. And stealing it off an after. Specs 23,580 and my donation of 10. So 74,630 if you take my money, I've only got like 65 grand. It's very, very weak. Very, very weak. We want to thank Pac male, that a great job over their 1965 North Navajo Road, the Windricks, E. shopping center and plantation of handle all of our shipping this year. And also doing the holidays right now if you have any last minutes shipping to do. Go for their, mention your lunches and they'll give you 10% off on anything you'd be shipping. At Pac male. So we'll have a lot of best of CDs and cassettes and the t-shirts and stuff. At Pacel off the 1920s, I think if we make 80 grand, we should be happy, you know. I think 80 grand would be about our limits. And if we just want to have a lot more of those key chains, here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes. Oh, thank you for taking my call, Amy, all the best, buddy. Listen, I'm going to be there tonight for sure. I've never met you before, but don't listen to these crazy eyes that don't want you on the air anymore. And the guys in Miami are all because. But who the hell doesn't want me on the air anymore? Nobody said that yet. We told those numbers come out today though. But I watched that on a portion of the game, my last thing, the Rangers and I don't know. I still see that smile on Peter world space. I don't know what he's smiling about. Still we can all. I'm still question. Nice timing on that penalty just like always. That seems to be the new routine. Every game that they even get close in in the last eight or ten minutes. The sticks him out there on the power play, usually like in this case, the latter part of the power play. Get a really mindless, meaningless stupid penalty goes to the penalty box and then the kills off whatever chance they had to get back at a game with you to get my last night. So, it's obvious to me that the Murray's know that they're out of just a matter of time, you'll just be going through. So they don't give a crap they're just going through the motions. But why do we smile and shake it as kind of like you've actually doing something off? Because he's dumb because he's a moron. Oh, hey, love is this your friend Mike Lane coming down for the road trip or no? Yeah, sure. Is there any chance we can interview with him and maybe here on the next day? I'm going to do a hockey interview on a show. You must really, you must really be on drugs. You're going to take Mike Lane fan. I'm me too. But with and you have a good night. I'll give Mike a kiss for you, Mom. Bye bye. I'll be at the game. He'll be saying bow off, peacau kick. Yeah. What was her name that bitch wrote for the assistant? Rachel, what was that? Rachel, very good memory. How would you know with a hockey bitch? She has big boots. Oh, she had a huge boobs. She was a big boob. She was the hockey rat and because she knew so much, she went to the Washington Post to cover the crappettles up there. That goes to show you the kind of people that are in the news paper business for the most part. Not all, just most, assholes. Maybe that's why she went up to the Washington Post because she had big boobs. That could have been the reason. And I still haven't a front of me just coincidentally. I'm not only Linda Robertson's great commentary in the early yesterday about John Henry and the video of Pinker Piccini, but write below it in the bottom right there's that picture of Robert Spayla who looks just like only Oakland and Swin brother. I'm going to cut that out because that's another classic example of the great coverage we get in this town. And this guy said, oh, he's blaming the problems of the community on me because I play too many farting noises, you know, or whatever his problem is, this bastard guy. But in the meantime, here's a newspaper even in their sports section that can't get anything right. They usually put the articles about the panties in about page 25D. And he wonder why nobody's showing up and there's no interest here. You're sure to do a great job of educating the fans. Robert Spayla, who I like I said before, looks just like only Oakland. And I think they got it called in yesterday because they never wanted to notice because they don't pay attention to the hero. Even though that guy was otherwise full of crap. 5605050, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. So have they taken a survey around the building? How many people think that Peter Leonard wrote that letter? Have you done the kind of like, oh, look at that. I don't want to mention a name's weird. I'm sorry, Stu Goss, who's going to get beat up now? No, that's okay. We'll have a long line. Peter can come there. Everybody up at the pizza law tonight. No admission charge. Is there anybody besides school end in the building who doesn't think that he wrote that letter? Because you ran it by a whole bunch of people out of 100. Yeah, Stu Goss can take care of himself. But I mean, let me guess, doesn't take you about it. Really? You mean, even after I took care of McGill and his situation yesterday, and he still wasn't willing to say that he thinks that he had did it? I think he scared Peter. Oh, I got a great line for that. 560505050. You don't have much to be scared of in this case. I'll take it that. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here, he just ran out the door. Here's what Myers, hello. Hi, me, sir. Yes. I've been listening to your shows that you came back from vacation this past summer. Yes, sir. I find it very entertaining. I bought two of your best of taking a break. Great. You are kind of guy. And no, this guy that wrote this article, obviously he must be impressed with your show. Otherwise he wouldn't be writing about it. Yeah, he looks at the airway work. And last Friday, Neil, I laughed my gut out. That was one of the best shows I've heard. That cat needs to be reminded. You've got enough bits in that studio, Paul. We did cute every bit at the same. That's right. And still get that. You don't keep up the good work. Happy Hanukkah to you and yours. We love you. Keep up the good work. Thanks, Paul. Happy Happy. I thought that at the hopper to smoke and thought. Okay. You got it. You can pitch and you can drop it to the squeeze and you can fly. You can throw good, you can even roll and poke it at the pot. You can sit in the pot, you can grab it, you can come and add the pot. Well, that's too soon with the pot. Stay at your feet, go to the pot. Stay at your feet, go to the pot. Ah, that's too soon with the pot. Or you can take it to your front, you can push it till it's done. That's a pot, cross, cross, cross, cross. And you can stuff your gold fist when they're getting off the top. That's a pot, cross, cross, cross. You can move the other day for the cup of break and end that at the pot. Cross, cross, cross. Well, let's go to the pot. Let's go to the pot. Let's go to the pot. Let's go to the pot. Let's go to the pot. Ah, let's go to the pot. Okay, so I guess the question is that it will awesome to bring on in the best event TV. Which would you ever see? Young guys like that in drag, or just young guys like that. Dragon it. Well, I know my answer. 560505060 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Fund. I think I'm telling you, I got the answer for you. Let's just get out of this business. I'm going to get a back there. I'm going to show you Peter's on the radio. There are psychic readings. And I'll act crap. Oh, it's just the naked channel. I got the answer. We'll get a 90-share. We'll have people glued to the screen. Literally. Glue to it all day long. And in fact, we'll have to act like it's like the Jack Berry thing in reverse. Remember, we all you don't remember. We can't think I've talked about that. They used to send it a little kid that had like little plastic screen. They put on your TV. But they still find his terror. Yeah. I really think they should bring that back. And you would like color it in. You would like, you know, head a little coyote that you would color that. And here's like a reverse where you're going to have like, scrape things off the screen. If you stay too close. And I'm sure you would. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah. So, near how you're doing. Pretty good, sir. Do you remember Dick Andrews, don't you? Who? Dick Andrews. Never heard the name. You can say you go to the truck, right? Yeah. Which truck you go to? Pomp and out park. Pomp and out park. Yeah. Dick, raise a wide right there. Another question there. Well, who the hell is Dick Andrews? Why would I know that? Who is he? He is a big time trainer for a great home truck up in the morning with. No, I'm a little dog to act in for a year. So, although I do know that name. Now that you mentioned the. Uh, what? When you when you when a damn name. You can't just go to the yo yo. Do I want? When you when you when you answer them. Yeah. Did you go to the yo yo? What pal is that? Is a restaurant. Uh, about two blocks away from the red light district. Never heard of it. Okay. Let's say how to Dick Andrews. How to Dick. Wow. Five say how about the little judge for the boss day. She's one of my favorites too. Five six seven. Five sixty five five sixty. On the eight T and T and Verizon Wireless. Yeah. Let's go back to those days. Let's bring Henry Rothbard on the year again. Oh, he's still there. Here's the part where they move. Yeah. Wow. Right. Um. Yeah. This one over there on the left. Let's see his moon. His half full moon. Thank you. There. There you go. Still my sunshine. What? Look at that. Look at that. Metallica sandwich or whatever that's said. Right. Yeah. That was lovely. Oh, this big fat. Oh, Jesus. On it says Ricky Martin on his ass. How do you like that? Sorry, personally, autographed. Well, it says Ricky Martin. She gets banged right under while right on both cheeks. That was really cute. How come they can show ass, but they can't show the funnel nudity? What kind of a stupid country is this? Oh, it's America. 26 past one at five sixty. WQL. The Neil Roger show sports radio. Five sixty. Q. Hey. Will you fudge back then? Come. I just said, but I'm a little bit scared. I just said, but I'm a little bit scared. As it goes, as it's just so easy to do it. As it goes, but I'm a little bit scared. Because the sad thing comes. As it's like a sad thing comes. You'll be with me. You'll be with me. You'll be with me. With me, that you'll be. You'll be on the top of the sad thing. If you only eat me. You'll be with me. If you only eat me, that's my daddy's dad. But if we only eat you, there's your Ravi. Oh, oh. If we only eat my daddy's dad. I think you're like your two local order. I'm 31 at 5.60WQAM. How long does this go on? I'll look at that. Why did they put people like that on the air? Those people should have more clothes on. I've seen pencils with more meat on them than that kid. And that's shwartish. She's gruesome. 1600 open lines. About 28 minutes to kill between now and 2. We're just rolling along here. Just kind of biting time. Going to hang around with 230 when those trends come in boys. It'll be really grim. You're going to hear a lot of gnashing a teeth. Why do we have to do now? How do we get a cellar scrap? Here's a moment in my end. Hello. Yeah, you're doing pretty good. I don't want to ask you something. Actually. I listened to you and I listened to Hank yesterday about the stadium. Yes, sir. What bothers me and what bothers you? What bothers you? You need to have a lot of people. It's the fact that when they mention the stadium, they talk about whether money could be used for schools. That's right. And library. That is why I got enrolled in for like a bunch of money. My thing is with people in Hank with schools and your neighborhood. Have you guys ever gone and given any money to schools or sponsored any classes? I give money all the time. I've paid a lot of property tax. No. All means directly. What do you mean by that? I mean, have you directly gone to the schools and offer them a proper class? Of course not. Of course not. For the wife, belly, a couple of times. Because this is tax money. They use tax money to fund the education. Why the house should individuals have to pay for it out of their own pocket? Why can't they do what tax dollars? If they have this extra tax money later on in the day county, which they just discovered, why can't they use that to make sure that there's enough computers and textbooks to go home? Well, what's wrong with having a stadium? If everything else is taking care of first, there's nothing wrong with having it. Especially if the owner wants to build his own stadium, fine. Let him build it. Well, all right. You got it? I got it. Okay. Get it. Get an education. Get a brain. These people out there of all persuasions. We think that sports is on the top of the list and every day of course they've been brainwashed in them. That's the false promise. That's the false hope. Yeah, Hank was on a roller yesterday for a couple minutes and I was giving them a sitting Ovation in the car in a way home. Homeless people, man. Not so bad down here. I mean, it's embarrassing enough for people at this time of the year up north, freezing that homeless outside. See it in Toronto all the time. Another northern city. If we can't afford to take care of this, we can't afford to take care of that. But the sky is the remote. We come up with all these creative nifty ways. So that these billionaires were supposed to feel so sorry for so that we can set full Them stadiums donate them land. I'd like somebody to give me a few acres and I swat her from property down there. You'll be able to put the nice ones. You're out of some of the nice like a fortune in my bank account. Maybe we may fact that the big bucks that I'm loosing that much, that much herses losing me and they are stocks. All right, that's right. 20 that another reason is to carry out a day George 215. I better get on the right chair. Oh, you got another guy all these ugly people on here anyway. I appreciate seeing the good people. But now we got that's right. 215. 06. 56 baby. Oh, yeah. 06 going out of business. I want to buy another thousand shares of four bucks. Mitch, your hers said no. He said, oh, don't do it. To make a belly up. 6.56 and I'm reading all come real. Do a lot of research on a computer. I mean, there's a lot of websites where you can get some really good information. One to a WWW dot quick in dot com. Great website. Doesn't cost you anything. You can research any stock in the university. Got all kinds of everything you want. So I'm doing a lot of research and I'm finding the zero ox is not as insolvent as they're saying. I mean, they do have a lot of debt, but they're not going to go out of business. In fact, it really tells you something when beasley, beasley, sitting there and even Dave looks, which it was this morning and 06. 56, which company do you think is more likely to survive? 06 or beasley? Huh? Yeah. Although we don't have those good poggies around here like to use. 06. Here's a mobile and four waterdale. Hello. Neil God, happy closet. And back to yeah. This week, I want to first question. Have you seen through life scared straight into the before? No. Oh yeah. Of course. Kids great. Well, the Mickey even better this weekend through life on getting breast implants. Three girls with total fucking good at it. Well, there you go. See it's okay if it's done in the under the guise of a medical thing. Yeah. When you got nine year old kids watching. Sure. Just like when you're going time greens nut. Speaking of Tom Green, I've seen Jack at yet. No. George, the businiette. Yeah. Did you like it? Yeah. It's great. It's great. It's my daughter. I got a request. If you were to see Tom Green's old stuff, they didn't count it on their comedy channel up there. You would have really understood how fun he used to be before MTV. They'd be bald him in more ways than one. Well, he used to be on the side of the studio. Yeah. He was, no. No. He used to run and do all kinds of stick out there on the street shopping malls. How long old are you doing? Like five or six years ago. Yeah. Can you play a cross-borne? Yes, sir. You're doing teaching whatever that is? You got it. Thanks, bro. All right. What is that called, George? Huh? I don't know. I don't know. I don't see no Snoop Dogg in there, do you? I'll be good, Dan. What's the bit about? What's the bit about? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, palm five, sixty on the AT&T. And where are you going? Yo, yo, yo, Snoop Dogg. Don't keep talking about that, honey. Don't keep talking about that, honey. If you haven't trouble getting your little ones to read, you want to get learning to reach with Snoop Dogg. Don't eat milk. You start hooked on, find a cross-borne? Fuck. Hey, fuck. Learning to reach is fun when you get hooked on Snoop Dogg. Snoop Dogg. Don't kick, kick, kick, kick. See Snoop Dogg. See Snoop Dogg. See Snoop Dogg. See the guy. Fuck. He's Snoop Black. He was like, no, he. Snoop Kids were lovers, colorful lessons of life. Like this. See Jake. See Jake were a father. Fuck. Don't act yourself. Do you want your kids to have command over the English language? No. No. No. Then this learning to be with Snoop Dogg about two days. So, one eight hundred is in the... That's one eight hundred. G-A. That's one eight hundred. That's one eight hundred. What the f*****. Twenty two, two or five sixty, that's an EQAM. Must be good news coming in from the fed. Maybe they're going to, you think they're going to knock them down to reach? No. No. Wow, they're going to go to an easing bias because if they lower the rates, they're going to make it look like they're in a panic. Yeah, yeah. All these pseudo-inlectual answers. Just cut their rates now, Alan. You mean, yeah. Two interest rate hikes too many. At least two. And that was suffering from it. But something good must be about to happen because the answer is up 57 of the house up 89. And Bill Griffiths got that like Shemith Eaton grid on the space bucket. You can almost smell it. Like Alan cut a good one up there in DC. And he hidden this suitcase. Well, we'll see. Okay, 32.54. Oracle looks pretty good to me. If I were you, I don't want to give you any advice on here about violence stocks. But if I were you, I would grab up that Oracle. I beg you! With both hands because I got a lot of it. This is 560 QAS in a so huge. We got both in three parts. I did wrongly with a true bloke if I didn't want to leave. Because if you are equal, and if I have the birthday cap, I just say I need to leave. That's it! You are the one! Again, I just regret it. I don't give a third world. And I can't around it to about who the fire might have. I may go into the accident to the phone and I close. Yeah, I'm going to back there and be starving my son. But I don't want to back there and I know my job. I never thought that day without packing my guns. Yeah, Gene Docs told me three, five. You know that every now and then, I still some crack to provide to you. I see you. You're not being calm. Some words pluck over the intersection working for free food. Perfectly in your life, you know. Well, I think using God's and Purple House with no windows. And then that year, I'm more wishy as she must pay the bill home. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah, please go to Crack City. And I'm going to film our crack. I need to go into Crack City. And I'm going to film our crack. I need to go into Crack City. You can count on that. I need to go into Crack City. And last night, I'm going into Crack City. So I need to go into Crack City. So every time I have a crack. Oh, so for this guy, you know. And he's coming back. You need to do the good talk. One, four, four, five, six, you know, you can have seven, seven, two votes in our poll today. I'm looking at the most, for humor, 72, for topics six, for little of both 185. Because he pisses me off. Yes, how many of you have for he pisses me off, George? Yeah, I'm good guess. Oh, oh, there's that stuff I've got up again. That's good. And you know what that came from? Eatin' all that maltathol and sorbetol and puke it all. Oh, God. Not gonna be eating any more of that stuff anymore, am I? Huh? No. Good. That's stuff. I'll tell you your kishki's out. Here's a mobile and bokeh, hello. How you doing, Neil? Great. That Mawlin' stadium's not gonna be built in Miami. It's gonna be part of the complex that Schnellberg has built in an FAU and Boca for a split-ball team. There's a bit of domon, it's shot and then reported a financing of it. And when the financing falls apart in Miami, then they're gonna put it through a stadium up there. Naha. Whatever. Don't have to worry about it. I'm not the least, I'm not the least bit worried about it. They can do whatever they want. That's what's gonna happen. Okay. Take care. Okay. There's a guy who claims he has the answer to, we believe him? No. He's not in very authoritative and that's what counts when you call in. State it like a fact and then they will believe you. Isn't that what Hermann Gillings to say? Like what time is dinner? 560, 560, pound five. That's what you need a lot of brought worst, you know? Oh yeah. I do love brought worst. Old Heidelberg. Why? Have you ever eaten a few old Heidelberg? No. Have you ever heard the old Heidelberg? Yeah. Great. From you haven't been there in a million years. And there's also one in that, that one's in Fort Lauderdale. There's one I used to be in Danyacaldia, a Chairman Restaurant, or the Specialized Luck in, not so. I was one in the Gables. There is. Mozart's today's. Stubbies. Stubbies. Stubbies. Do we do? Never heard of it. Other Gables. Why don't go near the Gables? Oh, you got to be kidding me. Like Disney's living in Gables. Remember Mike Disney? He's an asshole. Yeah. He used to pick in the waste basket a lot. 560, 50, pound five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Fund. There was one in Danyacaldia in federal highway there too. The old Heidelberg is in Fort Lauderdale and this one was called. Sarah Coutz or something like that. A very term in name obviously somebody will know. Yeah, those were the good old days. We also had a great fun. Do restaurant in Fort Lauderdale call these Swiss. Not the Swiss Schale. I mean that's it. You know what that is. The Swiss. This Swiss something. Well, that was a great place. A real authentic. Schfarette restaurant where they had delicious. That was the first time I've ever had any village. But very in villages it's still there. Where did they say? Didn't say, but that is the name, the very privilege. Now we got to work on the other. Yeah, I don't know. And that's pretty good place too. Yeah, like saw a button, Venus Schnitzel, stuff like that. You're ready for the administration by eating there. Here's the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Yes sir. I'm looking a lot of the other day. All right. Pretty sure you've already talked about it. But I've been insulted all weekend but you have to put in that check-y little Neil on there saying he got his BS and I stress BS. BS degree, a journal studies. It took him eight years. Uh huh. Thanks a lot, check-in. Okay. What can you do with a degree, a journal studies? Did somebody help me with that? Get that right. That's about all you can do. Thank you. I guess I'm up until you'll meet the inequality down here right now. She can get a degree in general studies. I think that's the main reason to give in the third degree. Oh my God. And if this way, I get thought I'm going to scream Neil. Okay. Another brother, give it off. Okay. Well, if he gets off, I'm going to run in the sidewalk. Just to give him what that's part of the call in the yesterday and the street or the sidewalk. That was some call. Yeah, these professional ethnic stuff. They got a light nap like this last part to hear. At least he's got a good sense of humor. He's about three shades lighter than three shades darker than Malcolm on the young in the horny. Let me ask you, his brain gumbo. Now what's his brother the one that's Greg gumbo? Horrible. Horrible. I'll play by play God on CBS. And he's their lead guy too. He is just, he's his brain. There's tapioca putting in about the same color. Wow. He's bad. See, this is what happens when you have 100 teams. You've got to customize like 45 games every weekend. You have to, I mean, there's no broadcasters anymore. Greg gumbo. Boy, he is so weak. So, but, and the fact that there are still people discussing this thing with like Dennis Miller. Like there's something that's discuss about it. Like it's debatable. He's an abortion. I think he's been banned in 26 states already. God. Just an abortion. This belong under for two seconds. They made a bad mistake. Instead of admitting it, just like with Igor Laryana. I guess what, Igor says, I don't want to go. Ha ha ha. What a, what a color of a community in you are. He's not even unpacked yet from getting here from Detroit. He don't want to go back. Guess what, Igor. Too bad. See, you don't want to go back that old man. Bye, bye, bye. Yeah, bye Igor. This is 560 QAF. The Neil Roger show. You'll support radio. 560 QAF. Holy Macanon. This is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. Oh, I saved this hand kiss here. And I just saved this just for you as a matter of fact. Now I know you don't fire a hockey player. There's your hockey player, but it's from the Harold. Yeah. Not just any hockey player. It says underneath it says keep player Roberts Spailer helped us spark the panthers. Resurgence. That's after they won one game. If you take a look at it, I know you don't know one from the other. Probably because you don't pay attention. It's only your. Now you only happens to be a very distinctive. I mean, he's finished and he looks like he's finished. In fact, he opened up his mouth so he's really finished about Terry Murray. But he looks about as much like Robert Spailer as George does. And I just another day that's all. But for example, of other great stuff they've done. When it is Detroit home this weekend, that's where I am. I'm going to Detroit for the. Yeah, I was going to see if I always. Oh, you'll have a wonderful time there. See the lions have a chance to get in. So if they win, yeah, so I have to go there. That was an unbelievable game last time. I was of the track, but I was watching. For the end, you couldn't turn it off because every time a race would end, we turned it back and there's another touch sound. But he also scored. In fact, you're the kind of game you expected between those two teams. Yeah. Well, I'm. I have to qualify that. Yeah. I didn't expect Tampa Bay to get what I showed out and get up with the right Rams. Especially with a quarterback. Oh, you know, he played a gut you game. He doesn't have the talent, but he played a gut you game. I know you like football. You know, the one thing about football is they figured it out along. Right. You know, and that's why games compare. Okay, but the problem is she. There's like a sorting out period that goes on. In other words, when you when you have parody, there's no great teams anymore. Right. You have some teams that are better. No, there's we don't have like the like the Yankees of baseball. Like the packers used to be the giant. But we have parody. So you have a lot of games that are really mediocre. I mean, some horrible matchups. Like who wants to see Cincinnati and San Diego or some crap like that. But then you'll get teams like last night and it makes up for like weeks. Yeah. And then that was a playoff. There's no sure thing. I mean, no, you can't. Jack, who's going to be in the championship game. Nice talking sports. Would you kneel. Gotcha. Yeah. No, but then then I get a guy close before. Why did that work done? And he did that that that play. He made late in the game was unbelievable. It's phenomenal. Well, he says, well, there's a guy he's given up his body. He's worth. So if anybody's worth 25 minutes or he's worth it. They don't do that. I think that there's guys in the military who put their lives online for us to defend us every day. Nobody's saying that they ought to get 25 minutes in the air. What kind of nonsense is this? What kind of thinking of these people got? Well, I think we talked about this. But to being a linear, risky Miami medical school makes one fifth of what puts Davis is going to make the coach to football. Yeah. I was just driving home when I was giving a sitting ovation in the car, about a homeless in the school. But it's a waste of our time because you can't change the priorities of the public. They don't give a crap about those things. At election time, it's all good. You know, campaign talk and we're going to do election. How I mean education and stuff. Nobody cares about those. If they did, it wouldn't be in a second. Yeah, they worked as hard to find money for those things. They didn't define money for this. So this wouldn't be going to school in the water huts. And taking the no textbook songs at night. When you're Robinson, how about that? Good call. And you tired of me on to that. Yeah. And you go to show you if you're writing enough crap sooner or later. One of them is going to be good. You know, man. You was right on the money. And she had her crap together. Two of you. I mean, information. You know, I like the amount that she exposed the heat deal, which for a long time now, everybody's been saying, well, that one really encroasted. Yeah. Because I think it's been a year of production more. So I wanted to take the money. They started pay the other one off yet. The one that's sitting there that 500 people go to see you back. $30 million left in that one. Yeah. And she said, but like I said, I don't love seeing you do live in date County. So not for long. Good luck to you. I'll see you every day. Okay, you too. Thanks. This is not going to happen by the one. You said the stadium will never be built there. But then we also say that about the Nicky Arena. Yeah, we said that too. So yeah, we don't have a perfect batting average. But even Mickey Mantle used to strike out a lot. Anyway, 150, 60. Now something must have come down on here. Because I don't see it. It couldn't. And the announcement from the Fed is going to be a 2015. But either that or they're just getting really optimistic because the Dow's up on 34 and the last X 67. There's that right wing Joe Kern and he's still okay. Just just keep your politics to yourself, Joe. You're an entertaining guy, but dummy up about your right wing proclivities. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I am. Excellent game. I have been enjoyed at the early. I'm in right out Anthony's catch and Marshall fog. Everybody's excellent. However, yes, you're absolutely right about the athletes being overpaid. I got two kids in school up here at Palm Beach County. One has got 40 kids in his class. My daughter's got first grade ankle and a gun combined. And you know why? Because they can't afford to pay teachers. Yeah. Isn't it just a... And these owners, I mean, you know, we're supposed to feel served for those. Oh my god, they're losing money and they lost 10 million. And yet, like the guy over there in Texas, no, these other owners. It never, never ends. Thank you.