On 560 QAF it's all convenient all 567. All 567. All 3 can make the barrel worn out the 567. All the things that we will discuss in colors and that necessarily will represent those of the BGPF group and all that. At 10 times as a reach out nettle here's needle Rogers on 560. You pay the dollar. Black Tom Brons is my favorite red sight. I don't know but Joe and make the deal right. And look to grade the teacher white tail getting packed by the brother that will run right away. You might be shocked by the things I say but Joe I think it's hot to see again. We're going under back to run the bike guys and I'm getting out my computer with my old stock to the side. Hang in at my house and I'm all alone. You know the same old tail over cover. But it's just a four hand to the floor in my hand is my friend and I'm looking at pictures of a white chicken black man. And that's what I do every day. Black Tom Brons.com is the best I say. The most some shun we have home for gold. Oh my God, he's a real soul and for gold. He's my chair. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Now I have to go. That's all. This is my favorite. Alright. And I'll tell you five sixty WQM happy Monday to you. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, oh, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hello, hey, hey, hey, eh, hey, you are welcome. and see if he published about it because this involves like a little bit of hate, you know. And that's why you people are big on it, love the heat. Let's talk bilingual as a- Hey! New Yorkers were second, but a distance second with 206 and sure George voted for New Yorkers. I didn't vote. Oh, 17.6 percent. I'm not telling. I didn't vote for Cubans. Senior citizens, 128, 10.9 percent, Afro-Americans. What are Afro-Coon-Americans, 106, 9.1 percent? I didn't vote for Cubans, Canadians. 69. I did not make the number up. Isn't that interesting how they sent collect for any of each other like that? 69. Oh, it's a real loading. 6 percent. Redneck, 62.5 percent so they just can't handle redneck. 49. 4 percent Haitians and guess who is the most there to be loved of all. I give you one, you know. So make rules, man. Only 16. Who are peed to it apart from 1.3 percent? In this crowd said they just can't deal with the Jamaican. And of course, everybody who does deal with the Jamaican, that's why they like them so much, right? What the hell is that? Or how did that come from? Did you see that? I saw it. What the hell is so sad about it? I just played it. I was sitting there. And then all of a sudden I know where it came. Did you see that? A bunch of crap? Not looking too good. Are you bush people? Have a party? Have a party. So I can pretty good for the bush monster. Which I guess tells you a lot about how many dumb people are. I don't think it's so much that bush is good. But she's going to win. It's that goes going to lose. Is that a good, safely, a pretty good. In other words, I think that there are a lot of people out there who are just desperate who will be ecstatic to have an alternative. They're a bunch of people out there who are just desperate. They will be ecstatic to have an alternative. They will live in no. We even got all candidate now. They cannot put a wooden Indian. And it's looking really bad. The MSNBC Pearl, which was even steep and now shows bush with a, what was it? Two point leads? No. Four. Now CBS has got two. Yes, he gave me. He's got a pair. CBS would have go ahead by a point. And now the light light is one of this we can show bush heard by two points. And I said, DC, I believe it's four. All of the other pair show like two to four points except the course for CNB's, for CNN. That's CNN, which there's Gallop people that can't find to the group people. They had it all over after 11 points on Saturday, 10 points on yesterday and now it's nine points, 50 to 41 for bush. So, barring some last minute miracle, it looks like we're going to be getting bush for four years. Here's a lady noble in Orlando, hello. I knew? Yes, man. I just want to tell you how my time joined listening to you. I have a occasion to be on the road most of the weekend. You are the great start in my day usually. What is that, tell you? I just wanted to tell you something that happened to me last Monday night, up in Boka. I was on my way home from Palm Beach, got up at Gilles Road to make a business stop. And it came by five or eight 50 days, right thing like an undead road, for a Lieberman's motorcade. The cars were that old. I was waiting 95 and no one would say anything and we waited for six cars to go through for over 45 minutes. For 45 minutes, so Julie Lieberman, how would I make 45 seconds for him? Yeah, no choice, you were second traffic. That kind of a double. Well, just saying no to Joe. Absolutely. Thank you, Nick. We love you. I love you. I love you. I've got to put up with all these damn blockages. See, I hate to break the news here, but it doesn't seem where the constitution and the politicians have got some like, is the other than Senator from Connecticut? Is he anything else? No, he's had to answer. He's had to whip it. Or in finally now, finally they're starting to leak out the numbers from that vice presidential debate. Did you see more of the weekend? No, more than two to one. Well, it wasn't really a pro-on to debate, but who do you think is best qualified if you see him there debate to be president, Cheney, I was like two and a half to one. Oh, we're legal. What does that tell you? Tell you number one, he's a wimp number two. He's a very weak debate. Number three, he's saying that when he just came in. Just like I said, he let Cheney come across as a very reasonable moderate guy, which he's not. Whoever the handlers on this democratic side, a pucks on them, speaking of a pucks, good news for the Panther organization. I feel a change coming. Not that I want to say that there's panic in the organization, but I have a feeling that they're committing their pants right now. Six games that they want to game yet? Oh, yesterday the most lines start out, I would have to say. And thank goodness that the world's seniors came was on their life. Because I'm sure a lot of people foot over there, including some who might have been watching the last part of the Panther Minnesota Vile game. Here's an expansion team, which by my opinion is the worst team in the league. Minnesota Vile. I mean, they're just too weak. Do the Panthers win the game? No, did they score a goal all the day? No, oh, I mean. And the reason being lack of talent. There we go without again, lack of talent. So if a Panther fans might have roasting in the audience right now, if it's not for Pauva, burrier way, whiten, he was going to score a goal. I'm asking anybody to know, oh, no. I mean, the coach, TM, he's already destroyed the character, cause all's confidence. He said, I might have to guide them, line the best assembly line. Nice goal on TM. So that's the good news for the organization that looks like TM is going to be on a one-way bus to someplace else. Any day now, you can just smaller. They don't look at it and they're actually together. And how many people are going to come out and pay? This is what I'm thinking. I'm always chance-guising people for not sure how many people in the community who are using the Panthers, neither their teams. What kind of a person in this right mind would pay 65 bucks or pop? That's the way this applies to for concessions. To go and see what we saw last night for free on television. If you do anybody that's right, I would pay to see that. Oh, no. No way. I take it so free. Thank God. That's right. And even at that point, I'd have to motivate myself. If they're playing instead of New Jersey, I went to hear what you're trying to be very ugly. I would think, if they're playing Minnesota here one day, would I go to see that? Oh, no. I don't think so. I'm starting to get like most of you now. It's pretty good bitter. And these give us a show. Give us something for our money. Nine minutes after you have the question. Ten minutes after we have that book coming out. So summer waiting book coming out, we're going to 30 this morning. The pressure is on is waiting, coming. I already forgot that country was out. Four minutes. Oh, for you. You were the best here in jazz, over here with those school little bugglers. I'm going to start to say a little story stories about wind. Before we got fat again. No question. Because I know there is a good idea for that. Traditional other needs to run to 3TM4. In a crowd with boat, we have a lot of complaints. Under this crowd, we are independent of health and our education system will make us I'm gonna kick me and speak in a hockey Patrick Frog charge with domestic violence. Beat him up as wife and the set of him so on. Well, that's a lot of pressure. You know, I couldn't win that to record breaking game and getting that big ceremony and they all showed up smiling and had that say, yeah, I've got a Patrick you jackass, you frog, speaking of Ali on, what are we ready to editor this? This is one of the all-time greats. Ali on a late Alion in person loosely in the hairless morning. Remember Ali on and vote says, E.E. Anna. I wonder she knows Isabella Cassada. Anyway, E.E.A.A.M. says months have passed since the departure of Ali on Gonzalez for which we can only say, I think the Lord. Thank you. The undeniable truth is he was sent back to Cuba back to the Del Castro, back to communism and for those who believe in free taillandings back to his father. As I surveyed for balance breakfast from my six year old, for Balfa, the L.C. was probably serving by far supply. I was in public last night and it was a woman and I don't want to, I mean, she could have been in anybody. She reached over by the serious and picked up a big box of farther place. Now, okay, you wrong, I like farce of place, you want to know why could there be a shooter? I don't eat farce of place, it's candy. If you want to feed your kids farce of place, you're ready to be there 95% of the serious that are nothing but sugar, which you mean like you're a truth is nothing but candy, go ahead, throw balance my ass, okay? Back though, yeah, that too. I wonder how alien's warning is fairing. So, L.C. on obviously needs a wife. She's got a six year old kid, which you ought to be wondering about her own six year old, but she wonders about alien as he happy. Maybe he was one of the lucky ones who gets to eat on daily basis. Or you hear that, they don't eat every day in Cuba, that's in the one on May. He gets to eat, now of course, not like three meals or two meals in, but I'd be a little rule. Huh? Some swirl, a little rule rhymes with swirl. Or is he like all the other children, Cuba, walking around with a hit full of Marxist propaganda and a growling stomach? Shut up, alien. Now, here's the dice, here comes the part that caused me to cut this out of the paper and circle this paragraph. Are there days, year olds for a happy meal? Or is he programming, you're wasting memory of his time in our country? So, Eliana, evidently he is a yearning for a happy meal and that's based on what she writes here. That's what he should be remembering. He's been programming that, here I remember those have. He's probably having unhappy meals, now. The rule on the school. I mean, some of your people are sure to fire their baby. Some of these people are sensitive, compulsive. Let it grow already, okay? Feed your kids up in useful, give them some guy that pizza for breakfast and stop feeding that sugar. What's wrong with pizza for breakfast? Did you get your pizza? The lungs don't have sugar in the sauce. What's wrong with that? What's wrong with that? Let's say a message for some work. We're in the Bible who said they have to eat pancakes and eggs and waffles and they're sauer in the morning. We're with the logic in that. Huh? How about like that, can says, a nice protein meal in the morning? How about a steak? How about a couple of wine huts, sounds good to me? Come on, hurry up over there, Hudson. Sounds good to me, excellent. Foolishness, it goes to show you how program we are. Oh, I don't know, I have a steak for dinner, but in the morning, I would never eat a steak. Why not? Steak a day, sure about that? Why eggs? I mean, steak in the drawing. So this story will tell the couple of breakfasts. Well, I'm not having a fridge for dinner. I want to have a big beautiful omelet for dinner. Okay? Huh? Find a Bible. How is your omelet? Here's Lady, hello. Let's see him, remember. Lady? You try to take a call or two here, and they disappear. And so, here's a middle and four-later day, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, the electric DC pole got the electric 2.34 points. Oh, sorry. The AC-F2.8 DC 3.8, Washington Post 3.2 points. Well, the 4.4 is every pole has bullshit head now. Oh, sorry, very slightly. Second rate. Let me say it again, every pole has got bullshit head. I mean, I realize that you're the chronic that keeps coming about these poles. What does it mean? One of the Mr. Zoddby said in his question, Lisa, that we at the ground one yesterday calling, the group had a assembly calling, and that he was in yes on decided to move towards the core. Okay? Also, I mean, move with the pole, move on, register voters, support the core, 4542. Yeah, but Lisa, these are likely voters. Registered means nothing if they're not going to be motivated to vote. Well, right, right. There's no question, what is a likely voter? And some of the questions that you can define a likely voter are, they'd you vote in the end. And I'm not going to answer this. Are you trying to talk to yourself in the believing this or not? Because it sounds like it's a man. I don't want to not feel big. But it sounds like you're trying to convince yourself something that you really don't believe. Oh, I do believe it. Because I think that if you're less you are being held right now, I think Bush is in. Listen, when I say something, he was a head in captive by 34. Yeah. That's when you've got to hear the pole. So I'm going to read him. I'm going to read him. I go to the head in the Europe by 25%. Don't you think that's huge enough? He's not having a 25. In Europe? Yeah. What was it now? Because it's huge. Ah. Well, you heard it. Really? Bush is an up and soon Wyoming. That's really quite. I mean, in just states that he's winning, he's up by a Rajmarch. And what I said, and then when it all did this, not to make the poor works. They don't take the people based on the states of the, from the Purswork based on individuals. Well, that's it. But if you don't call it kind of count as these, the one on an election day, let me give you a quick question. But don't I ask you question, did you request this this morning? I don't need for a second. Okay. Because you shall hear it like a bunch of frosted flicks. 1821 North Federal Highway, you can buy all of these. You can pick up gold, copper stickers, or your gold eye. What's that? Yard can't. Oh, your candles. Yeah. How about your child candles? 1821 North Federal Highway and Highway. All right. Right. I mean, all of it on four water now. Right. And I would be saying for another year before, getting it right. 1821 North Federal Highway and Highway. Okay, go get some sure you're going to come on. Hey, some shredded wheat. That's the good food. Isn't it? No, it's processed the clappin' process, grains, bad for you. I'm going, I'm going to go into a fanatic act in sting now. I was really reading a book. One of the 85 books last night. The one about the aging, the anti-aging, has the diet, the husband, the vitamin. I'm telling you, it's scary. What we do to ourselves. What they were were allowing them to do. Well, so the course, most of you don't care. It's a very boring thing. So I want to talk about it very much. But I'm just going to tell you that right now having lost eight pounds in life we can have. And feel it much better for it. So I saw much better. I do to me, I saw that I make a lot of sense to me all the time. Even when I'm fat, I make a lot of sense to me. Eight pounds. I mean, I'm not as slim as your jeans yet, but I'm getting there. I'm getting real close to moving into that next component there on the scale. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60. Anybody else out there? We're working for a happy meal. Huh? Isn't that a sign of a happy kid as a happy meal? And a happy, what is going to happen to you? She's the good fries and day. Poison, please, please, please, please, and right there to fly as your cats are right now. What? What? And then freaking food, baby. Pays in. And we'll forget the soda. I'm sorry, pop. I want a diet pop. Can we have a diet soda? They put in a lot of things. They put in a lot of things. We don't know if there's a net all that, I'll shoot card in it. Huh? Soak it all? And caffeine. Caffeine. That's right. Look, throw it up on that caffeine. Yeah, you're killing yourselves. And you know something nobody is supposed to be out there right now, cares. Well, when you get to be old and be crepating your body, so it's falling apart. And you might have had all these degenerated diseases, you're going to say, how come nobody ever tell me about this? But I was telling myself, well, I'm telling you about it right now. God damn it. She am just loaded. I'm not full of it today. And we, for that's looked at the amount of an hour and a half, when it was going to be. And then we're going to say, all you need there is out there that said George couldn't do it. He couldn't pull it off. Believe me, he pulled it. And they showed too. He pulled us away, which he wouldn't say much these days, because he weighs about eight pounds now, soaking wet. But he did it and you'll see. Of course, I was back for the SND, to tell my kind of drag it down a little bit. Oh, he's not back, is he? No, because I was got to pay, huh? Yeah, where were you going to pull on that? I get, at of course, we had the, what were Cuba and the Perth, the Perth and Cuba. Right. And that's because of Grufflingy and Gregory, because we got a bunch of cheap attroves, one in this place, the wooden Pedro Castello area, so we had a sort of bunch of tapes. We had two tapes. Our hopefully, since it's only, uh, I still are a tour book, and we got to always tell you in the June, you think that maybe there's enough time in the interim that they might actually pay a Joe or somebody to come and put together some tapes that they're doing that. Yeah, right. Yeah, someone's right. Right. We're, oh, that's the only tape they got. Joe has lots of extra hours now. Joe's got a lot of time. How much goodness that's in here? And let them sit down and put in some good tapes together. They've already heard the one about the Puppet, the one about the Cuban, 6,000 fricking times, okay? We all points today that you run those tapes. You jack-aids. You silly goose. Here's a moment for waterdale, huh? Right. Oh. Okay, thank you. Here's a moment of the most time, hello. Hey, next, uh, big brother doing the propaganda in early years in grade school with the four food groups, that's where all that junk food came from. Made of Creepers. How much out of these pair? I think the parents who are feeding all these true, ladies and cereal to their kids. I think those people ought to be in jail. They're all the drug people out. And what's the goddamn, uh, the cereal people going there? Uh, huh? I don't know. In the, no. Well, let's work on our study garden in campaign. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60, on the AP and P and Verizon, where it was lunch. You better talk to us, because we got 6, how that hours of golf and crap on here today? I guess I must be the only one that walks that pathetic coffee game last night. You'll floor the panthers. Yeah, our year. And then a sort of vile. Oh my god. Wow. They got the panthers. They got a power play. 7 of the last 10 minutes in the year in the food period. 5 minutes made during another minor. 7 of the last 10 minutes. And the only real scoring chances, no 10 minutes, we'll fill the other three. Three great scoring chances. Nice going to murder a longer. I believe that saved even more embarrassment. If it wasn't for a Roberto, they would have lost that game to a girls team. And they would have been real embarrassing. And TM probably wouldn't have cut back on the goddamn plane. It's probably stuck his ass on a bus. Yeah, you can almost smell a cancer. Very bruised on a big bus out of town. Because not too many people are going to be spending big bucks that all walks this crap embarrassing. I'm humiliated for it. And like I said, lack of talent. They keep putting the big sparks around there. More and more and more. To get more ice on anybody, then very for quite a lot. Here's what you guys didn't play $9,000,000 a year, who's in a coma by the way. And he, the big sparks are getting more ice on than he is. Maybe he can explain that to me, somebody. Here's a model in Davy, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Here. Yes, I am. How you doing? All right. Okay, I'm going to, I'm going to walk for four. Okay, you pick my account. No, boy. Okay, here we go. All they see. You got the Cubans up set now. You got them up somewhere that pool. And now I'm beginning to understand why you're offended by them. Why they're bugging. They bugging how I'm being some of them. That's a good one. Here's another one, Davy. Hello. Any else? Yes, sir. The top page of Big Boischer, our ad about. Yeah. I voted on your policy again. Yes, I have a suggestion. Which are the most annoying drivers? Yeah, we did that. Where we did that. How you did? Yeah, the old Jews. Oh, he's down. How about the Yuppie women and Big SUVs? Okay, let's put them on there. So I'm thanking you. Here's our poor food in the assances guys. Poo and Kenzu. In a lot of calls here, we're just better for Monday morning. If they want to steal better, it's Monday, which is okay with me. I noticed the Harold and Dorsey's Bill Nelson for the US Senate. Oh, who won? My name is Harold. I always thought I liked the Harold. As opposed to the guy named Sunson, Reverend Dorsey. E. Clay, Shaw against the lane, blue. Many people in the Sunson are you fooling anybody out. You should kind of attribute right wing fools. E. Clay, Shaw. You should only rot at the Sunson. And you're not a split abroad, Tom Dick. He's probably back in town. I was right in all these big columns about TV crap. Doesn't matter about radio ever. And he just happened to be out there in LA. Just coincidentally when the station at the spring book came out, remember the best book in the history. And the modern era history of QA and the show also. So we didn't get one word about it on the Sunson. Now that's over, the summer books gonna come out. Would you really okay, I guess, but probably down some of it. Now he'll write about how he went down. See, come get your food pass because he hangs out of the track with default and Hank in any case with all of your tracking generators. So we get to free pass. He gets to load it. You're not full of me, Tom. Well, there's part to have good. It's great. Maybe from the track after what I've seen over at the University of Massachusetts, in Boston, I'm Jim Lera, I'm the news hour on PBS. And I welcome you to the first of three. I'm in the middle of the base between the Democratic candidate for President, Vice President, Al Gore, and the Republican candidate, Governor George W. Bush of Texas. Let me just say that. Jim, do you think it's just, I was quick at on either move on. Yes, I know that, but can you move on? Who has said, I said, Jim, I said, Jim, I'm, let me say something. Now I understand, but I have to just, I'll give you a little bit of a little bit of a little bit. We'll tell you that, can I make one all together? What do you think? One quick thing, so when these are your rules, I'm going to the best of you, we'll read over the three and a half. I have no problems with it. That we wanted you want to have a quick response, we'll move on. Or you almost five minutes on this. All right. Just a little bit. Oh, wait a minute. Just a little bit. Just a little bit. Jim, I know. Thank you, Governor Bush, Vice President, Gore. See you next week. And so now, some ball set on, Jim, thank you and good night. Like I told you, it's a pure power, and you can smell it a million miles away. Here's the fact, it says, just to show you the intelligence of Bush voters on 95 there, there was drive and walk and some asshole comes up tailgate, and he hucking his horn. Then pulls around, side of me, almost running me off the road, looking at some of our down and disapproval and taking off really fast. Noticing his bumper sticker, Bush, Chanion, is car. Realize the mustard seeing my joystick around my car. He must have real intelligence almost killing me, threatening all these voting for more on. How do you like that? Kind of poor for all of us. That would be like the one of those assholes with the, and I'm seeing more and more of those fish things on the cars. I guess you want me to be with the gefilter in the middle of it, which I like a lot. Oh, you have a fish in both. You got a word on your sleeve. I don't care if you want to believe in three tails, be my guess. Why do you have to slap this in a face without on your car? Huh? How about let's come up with some kind of an AP assembled put on the car? So all those good-waving religious people can drive up like this other Bush guy and the packaging drivers are off the road. God. Oh, sorry. Here's our poor for today. Which is the most important issue to you. Abortion rights? Oh. Education? Gun control? Social security? Or taxes? And I have to, if I can inject my own two cents here. I have to really laugh at all these people, including young people now, using excuse about why social security and the we want to invest in tomorrow, it also happens. The idea that social security is a major issue to anybody except old-fashioned, aren't social security. It's so ludicrous. Talk about being brainwashed. Talk about grasping for straws, grasping for something when we've gone on. Which is the most important issue to you. Abortion rights? Education, gun control, social security, or taxes. That's not taxes. Taxes. And to you, it's not too much. You're not watching the Grockland Company. I'm going to learn. I feel bad about that because if you ever such it's one that you think you're so funny, and I really have the idea of why if you're in a better show, would be a thousand times funnier. Because it's why I'm target. It's beautiful. It's perfect. Here's the mother of Lake Worth. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I want to talk about women's rights to have a baby or not. They're always saying about small government and keeping government out of the lines of people. But it seems that Bush does obviously see it that way. Okay, thank you. Was that profound or what? No. Here, look at that. The next step of people is to ask about it. So, if that's part in bigs that they put on CNBC this morning from Morgan in the slain and he's not going to make me sell my Morgan family stock. All right. The next step is to have a lot more work to do on the downside. Nice evening. There's that 2500. CNBC men. It put every answer on the world. And that kid on 60 minute flyside. The one that was doing the stock function to this 13. Anybody's ugly. But nonetheless, I'm going to start to call him up for stock tips and judge his appalled. Well, you know, I know what things were they glorified Peter Law Baker's. Lord glamorized Law Baker's. He was doing nothing any different. In fact, far to a smaller degree than these speakers that they put on CNBC every goddamn day, who come on their pedaling stuff that they had their own interest in for their own fun and profit. And just like all these speakers that put out these new voters are a full of crap pushing the stocks that are friends and the stocks that they got money in to try to goose them up to make it quick killing. The only reason that the judge is pissed off of that kid because the kid is 16 years old and he made a half a minute in bucks actually. He didn't even have a thousand injuries. He's jealous and so should most of us be. In fact, that'll be a good per question later in a week. Who would you rather have as your stock book that kid Jonathan that was on 60 minute flyside snipe or a mid-year rookie man over there? God, almighty. I don't want to say mid-truish with all the respect of the memory of Sonny. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, what's up, man? How are you doing, sir? I'm listening. I watched that game yesterday was terrible. The only good thing about is what you said that probably getting a good fire. Very serious on a way out. They won't play for him. You can see there's no effort. You know, you can see there's a player that's very frustrated. You know, we said we don't have very much power. That's a power. I would like to know where are the X-Chemming Eagle area of his plane like a 90-year man. There was a bad mistake putting him up and kicking cows off off that line. I'd like to know where are the experienced veterans who can really play. It's one thing to be, you know, you got guys like a boy and with new friends who are good men, who are going to experience veterans who are going to put the biscuit in the basket. I mean, you're going to be looking in the little bit better and then expect you he's only 20 years old. Well, that's fine, but who are the unplayers who are who have already accomplished of the end-good square force? I don't see them. I don't see this thing. There's nobody on that team and the goal is to gain that. Yeah, that's right. Because people are ready. You imagine how embarrassing you would have been if he wouldn't have played as great as he didn't, they would have been a little lost. You know, this girl's team? Yeah, what's pretty pathetic. I hate to think what New Jersey alluded to this team on Wednesday. I must say, wake up, which I don't. It'll be ugly. It'll be ugly. Did you see comments through the back, I got up the after you say good. What has come back? Here's this gunbag. Roger Cummins, great picture of the real scumbag, isn't it? Yeah. And then I'll have a good week of that. OK, you too. And then he goes off for the after he ended a half an hour and he's like, how do you think it's my fault? My fault. But you're a fault because you're an asshole, Roger. He takes the broken piece of the bat like a spear. Why does your Cummins is a spear, Chuck or baby? And he's chucking at my fiance. Which I hope to say of this because I have watched a little bit, including the end of game number one, which the bed before the end of the game last night. Thank God. But I'd like to know other than my fiance and our writer, who is the next guy? How the hell are the next in the world, sir? Is that not understandable? Who? That team is the weakest guy then team of no names and no not one. That's a crap team. So the fact is the eighties I'll get a win in first grade again, which is getting pretty pond-wish, best team that money can buy George. Not you George. Here's a model in Broke, hello. Ha ha ha ha. Bush people get no upset. Here's a model in Miami, hello. Hello, Leo. Yes, sir. How are you going? You're lifting. I love you as sure you're the best. Yeah. Listen, I haven't looked for people that love the Bush. They were for him, they might not have took a plant and I'm sticking up the rat. They can't fix those walking. Take a look. What do you say take a one-share of an up there and a plant? Well, plant and a chivot up there, sir. And for those of course, who don't live in plant teaching, like I do. What's the problem with that one-share of an up there? It's what he's trying to say. 560, 056, 50, 056, the on a AT&T and Verizon wireless on getting some good intellectual college here this morning. Just like what you like to start it. Now, what would be a nephew have this saviour doing that first conference you've had in there? No, number is there. Yeah. Go ahead and get new. And the numbers too. Go ahead and get in one. The totals. And if they go on out, those are going to be like a once a week thing that he will give you a son and I'll go on out every day this week with a man. What are the orders? Yeah. I don't know. All talk. Not much action. All talk. Just like the thing about the key change. Well, I'm the totaler. We're going to be. Okay. So here's the deal. Our best of our cities and concepts. I'll inspect all of the South Florida. They buy Palm Beach and they're present for buyers. The cities. You can get new Rogers.com in the key chain. And the cities. Because if the rogers.com or WQAM.com. And I was mentioned to Roger Durde, about the fact I'm so excited about never doing any more of those occurrences again. I mean, never again. Last night, if you saw 60 minutes, they had a segment on about these just hit low in thinnets they're doing now. People selling their eggs in the sperm dormers. They're doing a matching up. It's the insanity is what it is. And they showed one of the sky who's a bird. But like a big bird. I was the bird's supposed to be. And they just got like, oh, I heard we're going to make it. They have a very bright. He's very bright. And he's one day product. And then they had to remove the purple three old kids that can't speak. Tragedy. The way how was I going with that? Oh, I was talking about the most about the print. Oh, really, yeah. Tragedy. I said, that guy reminded me so much of somebody that people I received. Like what I'm in public showed, they're a hot dog in a lot of people who are listening to this come up. And they're just like every day, you would know your people. If I ever believed that the whole audience was filled with A, just the people who call a show or B, just those people who show up at those remote. I'd have to read. I couldn't do it. I couldn't look at the mirror. The funny pack guy. The funny pack guy in a guy with the eyes and the Ken blocked junior guy and the Gilbert. I mean, I'm not saying that there are some nice people that you offer those appearances. One or two. I mean, some of these people must have under reasonable collections of those dumb picture cards by now. They must be making a telephone book with a machine. Huh? They'd be have a photo album. Give me a break. No more that crap ever again. Our all shipping and handling and our time period of campaign is being donated by Pat Meal Centers for Merck and I-65, both not have ordered the plantation. We should mention again, and we sent them profusely. 24 out of the 560 WQA. The Neil Roger show. Sports radio. 560. A. Yeah. So, again, I'm scared. So, I'm scared to get that. Not so straight feeling. Ross, you know, when we tired about endless procession of fades coming back to your pardon and trying to make sure that it's a club looking for nothing but sex. Well, I have often wondered what it would be like to wake up next to a big, scrapping hearing man that amounts to a plate of, you know, a boy, you too? No, from the makers of OB tampons, it's all a boy's depository. The O-boy's depository? Hold on, help. Use your imagination, Jimmy. It's a self-expanding depository. They'll use it to be a boy you'd surely leave me in your fears. Wow. So, are I ever good? Then, after time. I'll be ready to jump in soon without fear of, exactly. Oh boy, from the makers of OB. It's 1043 at 560WQ. I'm here's a joke that I'm going to have to come up a little bit. All over the one-to-be FCC, I'll bend other shape. Just keep in mind that another word for rooster is cock. Okay? Let me go with just like, okay, keep that in mind too. Because I'm not going to keep repeating and crevinda, get upset. A priest lost his pet rooster and couldn't find it no matter how many times he checked he might as perished. First lady, he decided to bring it up during his Sunday Mass. From the property actually, anyone got up. All the men inside the church stood up. No, I mean, is anyone seen her? I'll be right on the side of the church stood up. No, no, what I really mean is anyone seen my, all the other boys stood up. That's got a cute huh? Nice job there. If I say something myself, sanitizing at the UFCC. Here's a mobile and broken, hello. Any other goings? All right. A little something that shows you about the voters for Bush. They want to change their fetus hugger or their ignorant. I was speaking the one the other day actually arguing the fun. And he was trying to tell me that there's no way the Bush could have abortion legalized. And we like putting two or three more parents promises on this being global and do it. I mean, we're laying that phone, but he kept telling me that there's no way that the president can have it. The president can have that power to do that. And that's my point, either treat it for others or they're just ignorant. He's don't know enough about power, picture, government to know it. We can consider keep saying that over and over again, I'm not going to change it. In fact, it's that the guru is not inspiring the base to your democratic base and I'm afraid a lot of people are going to sit on the last and I'm going to come out. And it's not that Bush is good because he's a moron. It's a democratic way that we're winning a really weak campaign and a weak candidate to attack. We're running a very weak campaign and you need to get some more ads out there and get some more. Well, we're gonna start the election. Two days from tomorrow last time I checked. It's just full things unbelievable. One thing, did you put it down locker? But the psychiatrist thing for me? Okay, thanks. Two. Okay, 500 open lines here today. I don't know what happened. We had a few people on there, most of them, like that. You're people. You're people. Most of them are surely Cuban. My account. That's not. Which of course continues to be the contribution of this program over the last 25 years. I've spent them profusely for you. Five six seven, five six six, five six, five six, five six, five six, the only 18 and 10 Verizon Wireless Line out of town, eight seven seven seven seven eight five. Look at that. Here's a call on the other town line for boating beach. Hello. I know I know. Okay. I'll tell you. I'm in my mid four. I'm in the mid four. In every year it seems like the choices that the kids did get brought up through each one of these parties. They've become like a non choice. If these guys were the founding fathers, we'd still be under British control. For say, couldn't start a country. It just ignores the agency to think that I have to vote for either vote. Yeah. Yeah. I just, I'm part, I pondered and I just can't see any redeeming anything redeeming with either one of them. Mm-hmm. And I don't know about voting for one of these so far again. They just, I feel like it's so on my vote one. Yes. So I don't know. It's just pitiful. Okay. Well, thanks for sharing your frustration with us. 5600, 560, pound 560 on the 18k and realize and borrow us lines. So that's to make you want to blow your brains out of the windows. I'll just need that color. Be pressing. Here's a mobile allegedly in New York City. Hello. All right. Yeah. Like I said, for your easy and dangerous Monday, I didn't believe it. Well, no. So we've already heard it eight million times. Okay. You're surely expecting to find your boyfriend in the middle of the most of them. You're certainly so miserable. Something constructive. 5600, 0560, pound 560 on the 18k. In fact, how come these people are listening to the value of Monday? We're going to be a portrait. Okay. You're supervised if you don't come to clap. Pickle of your guy named Green Stan, your Green card and whatever else you got. And your Guillaume Bill is too. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hey, Neil. This is Danny, a fellow copy fan. Hi. I just got a problem with a fan. Oh, yeah. I got a problem with my work tree. These people came through to my place. To my mouth about six weeks ago. Yeah. My own streets were fine. Now they're all dead. I know they're trying to eradicate these things. I mean, they, this is a bacterial. Well, I'm dead. Let me put it to this way, Danny. Listen to these words of wisdom. Very carefully. Okay. That should be your worst problem. That's my message to all your people including George. I thought about it. I read about the fact that, well, today in Pomod, they gave you a preview. And then they're going to come back with double vengeance. Okay. So what does that say? It's a police state. There's no way they got a lot of work. This should be your worst problem. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18 and key and provides a wireless line. See, I don't have any citrus trees. So I don't care. On that selfish, that's right. I don't care. I have my metal look. I've got a lot of money. I have cut them. They should all be cut down. In fact, that's what the guy they've stayed out of the doing. Instead of cutting down people's guy, they've been sitting with you. They had to be cutting down every now and three. To try to make up for the injustices that they've been placed in the year in polluting and giving you all these guy-bame allergies. That's what they ought to be doing. Here's a lady in Tamorack, hello. Lady in Tamorack. Well, what did she go now with her phone here today? Something bizarre? It was been holding me up. Didn't sound like it. Did you make sound particularly nod? There was a hang-up on that line, but not from Trots in the right eye, tell you, just remember. I was lying six to them, by the way. That's what they've got fixed. A line six is still out of order, but I think case anybody in the building wants to do anything about it. For the eight minute bay and a row of lying six to go work. I just meant to man in passing. In case anybody in engineering wants to get what a phone company in do some of that about that. This year, which is getting close to the end. Here's Hollywood, hello. And now, yes sir. This morning in the Palm Beach post, they got a thing about this high profile scumbag law, Gary. He's going to push for reparations for slavery. He shows the nation he's better off for having to do this issue. Why are you wasting your time? I'm just saying that I know you're worried about personal. So, you've lost? I got a phone, this thing is going to come down or some kind of fruition. Did you return to the new crew in the next month? Yeah, I'm going to ask that guy. Okay, what's up here to the audio system? Did something happen on the weekend that he started to work pectoral up going to the gym this weekend? Because I have a feeling that they are not together today. I have that could be wrong, could be just me. I feel great. I feel pretty good there. I've lost some weight. I've got some personal fitness and energy. And I'm sitting here talking to a bunch of people who didn't really like that. This guy's worried about rough reparations. Maybe that's that confused with the part time. I think we're going to be starting that in a couple of weeks. 560, 050, 50, 050, 050. And I totally, there's nothing wrong with Blacks. Have any parts of the back of the bus that they want? What's wrong with that? Right side, left side. Even on the floor. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, nail. Yes, sir? Yes, sir. I just wanted to say that George Bush reminds me of 20 Gardner in the movie being there. And you can know you was that moved? No, I'm not. Maybe bring up the audience. I think I've got to kick out of this. Okay, bring it up to the audience. Okay. Do you want to bring that up to the audience? Huh? 560, 050, 60. Seriously, and we're going to talk to anybody under the age of 100 today. Oh, no, no, no. On your part, get out of here. Go away. You're burning your terminal. You're much wrong with this goddamn town. I've been telling you that for years. And I'm serious. You're what's wrong with this place. You're cracking in your ear when you're discussing and you're burning and you're terminal. You're repetitive. You're nausea and you smell bad. And you're driving me in bags smells bag. It matters a little flowing. You can smell it. Why do they fall? Go wash it out. Jesus Christ. His West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, how's it going? Real? Okay. I want to talk to you about a push-up list business system. They're saying why you didn't talk about that much. How much money do you want to waste the taxpayers money? Push on what? On having something that doesn't even work. Is what system? The list is real. I mean, you want to bring back. Yeah. I mean, you want to spend doing with all of this. I'll tell you what. I'll tell you what. I'll tell you what. You got a lot of friends at the end of business. That's correct. Now you're catching on, pal. I actually need to clear more time in the extra weeks. No, even the scussie. Do whatever every time somebody mentioned. Push or go. We just. Is that a mark? It's growing. I mean, it's with her. All of a sudden crap. Or whatever. And you're not going to change anybody's mind. This is supposed to be an entertainment show. Is this entertaining? Oh, I can't. It's not. It's painful. It's because every goddamn day that call already the first call today, we're just thinking about the pills. And like I said, all you tried to do is talk himself into it. I'm going to tell you again, punk. And that is that the election went held in five minutes from now. Push is going to win. God damn it. We need to like it or not, which I don't. The fact. The fact. Oh, yeah. But Mr. Zagney said that they said Mr. Puppek said they are right. Uh-huh. What's he going to be saying when the election is all over? Well, maybe Mr. Zagney's big when he should have bang. Maybe that was the problem. That could be it. I'm getting just put into a coma from this. I say, let's go back to the area on. It was the least exciting. So God blessed that lady from wherever she was from, from purport, they loosely providing that stupid letter. They added that they held so Bluetooth and put it in this morning about maybe the or a day he's yearning for a happy meal. Oh, God. And you know something, I think she's got a thumb on it. So on the pulse of America, that's probably the biggest difference is over there. If you can get no happiness, I'm not sure you start over. Maybe if you wish you would have a few Mickey B's over there. That might do it right. Yeah, that might make life a lot more pleasant over there. Sure, you're giving them a lot of shorter lifespan. Let's start praising the people of Cuba. That's the way to gain them with cash to a reposition the people with the Mickey B's. Here's a mother and green acres, along. All right. You say, uh, my opinion on this people, though, want to vote it's great. I always think you should let somebody else decide your life for you. Yeah. And that's good. Okay. Brilliant. Pretty too votes or far, which is the most important issue. Do you have 17 education 12 taxes, a bison right, seven gun control for social security only two? Two, I'm saying, social security appear. And all these fools out there talking about, wow, I like that thing with investing. I can make more than 2% yeah. And this is important things. You know, the people I had on this morning, I'll see and we see if they're right some of these people. You're better off to put your money in CDs, it leaves its care and feed. If the market is so weak, they're only going to be making seven eight percent. Why not take the CDs with more risk? I'll pick seven percent guaranteed. Thank you. Are you saying that about 10 year, you're treasury bonds, which I think is what? 9 percent something like that? I'll take it right now. And suppose to all of you out there money on paper that I'm losing. Make sure, how is that shit fixed to one by the way? I'm still picking a big dump. And that echo stars are just picking a big dump. They're all full of crap. They're all making money, counting to you. Is it no different than touts at the low strike? I keep telling you that because I'm trying to get like George, you thank goodness he forgot about opening up his emirator count over the weekend. That's one good piece of new amount of party. We're having a ratings party and also celebrating the fact that George didn't buy any stock yet, which we're very excited for him about that because he'd be a crazy person to do it, especially now. Although without up on 14, and then as I said, up 32 at the moment, you think it'll be the same before or five this afternoon? No, I doubt it. Here's another one, West Palm. Hello. I don't know. Yes sir. And I must say I've waited about 22 years for finally car. I'm sorry, it took so long. That's okay. But I've been doing it for that long and I'm sure you've been out of here longer, but that's 25. She's 25. You must have good ones. She's 25. 25 years next March, first. Wow. My book on. Okay. Question. Yes sir. It's completely after five six of the years. Please. Can't stand the topic. What's your take on development? Out of the West. Are you doing development? Question. It's kind of stopped now. This minute. I agree. Is there any organizations that are starting to develop a gence development? Or trying to fight development? No. They're just too powerful. You can't stop a man. Wayne is going to build that. He's doing the mistakes and it'll be able to live this year. It's amazing when you're driving from our 27. You don't see anything from your 27. And you look across the way there. And five miles away. You can see there's a natural car rail center. There you go. Great up in the middle. It'll make you up here. Okay. We're good up to the espouse. Thank you. Then have a great life. Give it a good work. Okay. What the hell was that thing? Oh yeah. Wait till you see this. Group lines up for stadium pitch. And guess who the leader of this group in Broward is. His name is Paul Sir Salulol. And he also just happens to be. Broward chairman of George W. President Joe campaign. Yeah. How do you like that? And he's also sucking a rower John Henry. He's got pretty 50 people. A. English who they are. We're getting together to try to work up another. Clowny thing to put over on the public to build a mad guy named baseball. Then we need a new stadium here. Oh no. And let me say it one more time. Absolutely not one penny of anybody's tax dollars in this town. But all the guy named things desperately screaming. Screaming for dollars. That'd be good. That's screaming for dollars. Put that damn readjust right off the map. Yeah. Have these people on the air. See who do the prime of the screen the loudest. Screaming for dollars. Yeah. You went 100,000. That would be excellent. Choose a lot more interesting than a stupid millionaire show. So this time I like reading this. He's a good guy. We talked about the show a couple of times. He's good. But the big nail. They're thinking about the world. We just also have a VNBC this morning. When he's the biggest thing going in America. That tells you how desperate we are. And why Bolshe is going to become president. 557 to 560 QAM. 460 WM. I have you put water down. A measly broadcast group station. WQAM.com. Or the world. Can't beat that get or me. I don't understand. How are you doing at Clearboard? Is she? First up, sir. We will do the real shocking test. What is that? What are you talking about? Are you boys or just a citizen? Go ahead. I will. I will also test is a in-blocks as they say in English. And I will show you these in-blocks. And you tell me the first thing that pops into your mind. There. Come on. Okay. What do you think this is? I'm up. And this? I'm up. Okay. Here. This one? In fact, the station. Oh. It's. It's a body Valentine ride in the baloney pony. You. In the last scene. What? Let's move around, shall we? Let's try some word association. I see word. And you tell me the first thing that pops into your mind. There. No. I'm just going to say that. I can't say that. Here we go. Oh. Great. It's packed. Michael away. The color blue. Where? You don't shine. Let me try waiting. I'm in the forward. You respond, jerk. Mr. Lacka. I don't wish to be a friend. Why you got me on this couch, Doc? You're all? Mark? You're fine, boy. John. I'm a nine man. Yeah. What's your wife's name, Chuck? We'll actually introduce Gladys. Yeah. You're gladys. You're out to jerk. Come on. Hey. Why are you writing? That's running, John. John, are you a wild thing? Do you make my house thing? What are your two sons? I've looked at WPM. We got hankers, the tulis that are between two and five and then it starts baby. I've been $1,000 a pre-game foreplay for the dolphin jets game at Oniclack and I which of course will have. And then after the game we got the dolphins point after. What the hell is that? Is that what they call a post game? Another point after? What's the point? They're giving a lot more spots on it. So from five and a half minutes till two in a morning, we're stuck in it for all we can get out of it. And the dolphins too. So that's a great thing we have a talk about today. Should we could declare a more atrium between an elderly tulis from the mall? What else are you going to talk about? Infectionations? Huh? Why not? Why not? There's more question. It would be, I have no problem discussing it, but there is no discussion. There's a lot of boring people call it and saying the same boring things. Well, what's the point? Repeating the same tire or a sailcrap over and over again. This is like a candidates hired in Orwin's sail and crat. Here's water, hello. Yellow. Yes sir. No, you think it'd be disgruntled with politicians and stock brokers. Yeah. We'll don't you know the answer to that. What is that my engine friend? The answer is that they're basically like children's diapers. They should be okay. Great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 7, 6, 7, 6, 10. What's happening in this program? The show is being destroyed by all these old fights. They want to start taking us back to the days of WSNOS again. So we want to go back to the days of WSNOS all the way out. That's like that pair I took last week when they about to go back to the property. That was just a joke. That was a joke. There is no chance that we're going back to Gesson Card Topic. No matter how many is really slash Palestinian broad, George Drags out of the closet, but I'm not alone. I don't care. That's fine. Who can do whatever he wants. I'm not doing that. Talk about painful. No sir. I'm not just squandered with whatever you said. I'm just squandered with people like you. Don't you understand if you're being your terminal. You make my guy name skin crawl. Get a fucking right. See if he got a post. Man. I spent all those years talking to old people. I was a baby sitter for the dead and the near death. And I'm going to go back to that. I don't think so. Oh, no. Not this week. For any amount of money. Well. Here's a lady, mother, and vocal. Hello. Hi there. Yes, name. I like to talk about social security. No, God. Not with me, though. Oh, well, this is a real problem. I am when I was in the early 80s. You really want to talk about social security? Well, I don't. I don't. See, you see what I mean? I'm not. I don't think I'm a solar catch out of this crap. I've been doing this too long. The day when I talk about social security, the day that I bring that's parts of broad. Debbie, whatever it is, was from our social security. So we have a lot of business news. So when I'm saying we're going back to the business news. And what rhymes with the business news? Loves. Loves. That's what rhymes with the news. Loves. Loves. If you snooze you lose. Absolutely. Ponsor Pivot will not talk about fricking social security on the issue. Today, tomorrow, through which from the circus, any other young tip. I won't be. And it's our turn, Sunny. Don't you understand? No, I don't. 83 votes on our pair, which is most important issue to you. Education 36, Texas 20, a Basian Rife 13, social security. 8, and gun control only 6. Only 6 care about gun control. And the fact that this is the wild west in the slaughterhouse. And the kids are blowing into this brings out. And kids get in the shot and school. And people think gun did a church. Only 6 care about fricking gun control. So don't give me a solid answer about the NRA and all of a sudden. Only because you loved the NRA. You're, you're, you're, I'm Seth Woodburn. You're squeezing them. You're yanking them. Here's for spring, so. Good morning. Yes, sir. Before we start, there are more toon them on the election. We can't even take about this, this is the irony of the whole thing. We got two white American males born in the United States. After depend on the medicine in California and the Cuban and Florida. The United States. No, they don't. Well, no, they don't. Go to go to California by a land. So it's not because of the medicine. Whatever you said. That's a Mexican. Mexican. You're Mexican. I don't hear you. He's just what I just got to talk about. Sir. That's for you. You're burning your terminal. Didn't you say there was kind of interesting. I did you find it interesting. I sure did. And I found it pond with you couldn't even put out it. What we call. One year six. Six. So I'd eat here. It's one for all. Speaks in the W. You could pronounce that. God. Five, six, seven, five, six. You pond five, six. The only 18. And horizon. Let's just talk about how much we hit the Cuban dollar. I got a good idea. I'll do the show Monday, two Thursday and all the people are hate Cuban can call him and then Georgia do the show on Friday and do the hour of anti-Semitism, everybody. All the Jew haters in calling. Get a 90. Share easy, guarantee it. Eight minutes after you're over in the five, 60 W to come see. And maybe Monday, but I'm all right and I'll write you not going to pull a guy. They're more of my eyes today. Are you losers? Are you all creaking out there? Try to drag us back into the snow. Try to see. It's just like what they're doing with this show is like what they like doing in general. Take away our fun. Take away good time. Just make this all as miserable and craggy and nasty as they are. And the answer is, no. No. More through it. How young is too young? No. The app lag. Captain call. All right, Tom Broker. I'm Broker. App lag. Again, Tom. App lag. One more time, Tom. I'm losing a second part. One more hour. Next. My Tyson. My Tyson. Yes, my Tyson. Stop saying what I'm saying. I say what I'm saying. That peoples do. A 1300 years old and twenty tastes like national crap. That's fucking press. But I'm a Drugs stare. It bombs me up the plane, daddy. There's rum on my hood. And Dave's not like any other place. Haha, it sucks However that dumb bastard is begun, right? As a man, just these men are blind, but I'm not sure that fucking ICE is that weird The great Sean Connery, sir. I welcome Sir Walker from all over the country. Sir, just read the line please. Sir, I'm sorry that Dick and Part of the line I own. I'm simply afraid. Yes! Oh, God. I get to get Gilbert God, read over here. All right, give it to Gilbert. I won't. I won't. I won't. Gilbert, pretty much hate you. And I think it's terrible, but you're a close thing we got. You got the job. I'll give you another five sixty. W2M your hope of liberal whiny, a lot of text. What can you see the facts of them? I'm going to let's come over right now. Five sixty, five fifty, five five sixty on the AT&T and graduation. I was fine. We have a big ratings party today. The big summer book is coming out. George is going to be running around saying, see, I did it. I did it. I did it. And then, and Wayne Arnold is coming in. And Hudson, 11 30 just in time for the ambush. Just start coming out. I remember is that I'm here. I don't want to get before our second year. You've heard no one in the security beginning with. And his mother too, you mama. But I'm here. That if the morning show goes down again. This book that's part of Tom. Start tomorrow morning six o'clock. That's what I just heard that. I remember this morning. Where do I remember hallway? Here's from my as well. Any idea I'd do it. Okay. Good to talk here. And this is the one thing that you've always been is a good modulator. I guess of these shows. And when you've been waiting, or ever the guy who can choose. And the one thing that you mentioned about not talking about these president just woke me up because it's got to be over. It's just been too much repetitiveness. I'm 40 years old so I get some pretty young over here in Fort Myers. One way to eliminate the abortion issue for sterilization. I think you're right on the money as opposed to these old people. You see him pretending around the clinic on the abortion clinic. All over the nation and what have you. So I just wanted to let you know that my vote is that we got to go on to do nothing. Okay anything else. Anything else? Anything else, even not alien. You know that's an infractorization sound good. I'll go ahead. Have a great day. Okay. Good luck to us. Here's that message. It says, Tom, we are going to win the election week. So why don't you just end your time away. Bush is up and almost every state now. And you're put almost every state now. And it's going to be a lot worse. Come election day when you see how just how bad go gets to the field. Time to fumigate the White House. Now we will own the House of the presidency and by the way, us NRA, fiber pump and conservative redness will piss all over the liberal green. See you November. How do you like that on time? And the good one. I totally was a good one. Come over. That's the mentality of dealing with black next. Good version of that next. So why don't I not a house and they're taking over. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, on the 18, 2, and Verizon Wireless Live. Here's how he would be, Joe. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. Can you give you a little bit of that though? Are you on how he would be to the biggest elaboration there? Yes sir. Is that it? If he's an aberration there. Okay. If he goes. Yeah, I'm listening. Okay. I heard a little room was on her bad room or I hope it doesn't happen again. You know, I listen to you since I was a couple of people was a great truck shop. You're not going back to that nine 30s yet again. Are you going to, are they going to cut the first team back? So like nine 30 years or so or so? No, I'm not. No, I'm not. Home man. If I'm taking 10 30s, I'm good. I'll think very fast. But one of them 30s sounds pretty good too. Hey, whatever. I'm pretty sure. What do we happen to do while the pop them in truck fire? What do I happen to who? The pop. Who the hell is it? 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. Yes. I've been provides in what I was running out. I'm going to be living with. Crushing it through all the edges like it lumped in it together once I made it really easy. Here's a couple of pines. No. Yes sir. I'm going to start with the first one. Are you sure you're going to be a champion? No. You have a champion? No. You have absolutely no. I think you guys are sure. If you are like a top green fan, you like the spruce that he does, I think you'll appreciate it. What was it on? It's a nine nine clock on Sunday night. On what network? MPV. On MPV. Yeah. It's a bunch of these guys. You probably like watching them. Really? That's the 20s old. And what are they doing? They can take like, thank you people. Oh, I saw about the previous one. I saw about two minutes of it. It's, I don't know. You know like it? I don't have to touch. I don't have to touch. I don't have to touch. I'll try it. Okay. Try it. Whatever habit of time green, other than cut his nuts off, he's kind of like sitting in the middle working. He was mirroring some of my broads and binge oil. Or do they're more, you're on? Yeah, she wouldn't touch him. I've been. What about all those worms in his mouth? Come on. I mean, I like town green, but not huge, but I know that's more of your town. Yeah. But that was what that's almost as bad as Julie Robertson that's, I'll allow you to love it. Oh, God. The book for each time and you know. And how about that? Well, you kid that they had in last night. Oh, God. That product of the area in the breeding as farms that we run. You ever worried about those kinds of people. How much of them for them? How can they can't breed people of God? Great intelligence and also who look very, very good. What can we do that? I don't know what come on we perfected. So I said what happened is that when they, you know, when they just don't turn out to the way that you want, you just go flush and down the third. I'll actually see the feeders have their day on mind because once you're on the room, they don't care about you anymore. They don't care about their days once they're born. They're just digging into the seedless. Here's a moment in my, in my amy, hello. Hi. Yes, yes, I am. How you doing, you know, this is right. I got a change of heart for you and it comes to what we're talking about today. I've got a problem and I don't want to go to a psychiatrist. So you can help me. I've got a problem with masturbation, I think. Yeah. I've been doing it for about 18 years right now. I think it's going to be so pretty. Okay, great. Keep it up. 560, 50560, 3560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Out of town, 877. Here's a call from Tampa, I guess. Hi, I know. Some of the students kind of left out in these debates back into the second debate when they talked about Haiti. And the weaver said he would not have gone into Haiti. Yeah. I, in South Florida, few things you've got in modern fertilization. There you go. But in South Florida, that little piece of that snippet of that debate should be run by the Gore campaign from now on. Because saying we wouldn't go into Haiti, it should be let me answer you something. What do we accomplish in Haiti? What do we accomplish? We've had a blood bath of an election there to it up to be fraudulent and they got the same crap that they had before. Well, I don't know. We can't change there, but we will stop the half million safety stations coming on to South Florida's beaches. Yeah. So I think that's some of the Texas. Well, maybe next time. See you. Okay. Read my lips. More Haitians in Texas. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Out of power, we actually just had a call from Santa. Wasn't too good, but it was a call. 87, 7, 85, 60, 3, 45. Anybody calling to tell me about a mark? Keep play around the Metzby said, let the us and now lighter. No, nothing. They don't have any. They suck. Very weak. Here's close. Boy, here's a little slow today. Here's plantation. Oh, look at that. They touched basically slowly. They touched the San Juan. San Juan, he's so touched. Here's my enemy, how long? Yeah. Yes sir. Yes. Yes. Ravi so man. Yeah. Yeah. And guess what? Okay, let's go to a tamar at the long. I will. Yes sir. I just want to say that it's the my opinion. If God was, I think one of the reasons. Hello. Yes. I think one of the reasons. Because of the reason. Because of the reason. Because of the labor. I don't think America is ready to vote for a Jewish party. I didn't do it. Maybe he wasn't so born and so off an article. I mean, my piece. He's a guy who's not going to need to say anything. I said, I said, okay, guess what sir. Wrong. Nice try. You see if the Jews can't come up with somebody better to offer them a credit card. It can't come up with somebody better like go live in there for Michigan. There's a lot of Jews that will be better candidate. He's not the one. He is unlike what the big boys said. And a big boys, the old back street boys. She's not the one. Big boys, back street boys. Always right. Okay. 5.6705.6. You know, it's almost time for those numbers. The winner's going to come up. We're just trying to say we're sitting for somebody with something to say. We've gone one year. Oh, no. Here's a mother in Miami. Hello. Hey, Niel. Yes sir. Tell your people who meticulously pronounce things like. 8T. 8T. Now I really don't care. Oh, that guy was so annoying. Uh huh. I have a question for you. That's when he was mimicking the way they were saying. But I guess they were no we have it anyway. Oh, it did go wrong side. Okay. Question. What do you think of the new back street boys song? Wait. You are a conservative? The shape of my part? It sounds exactly like the full calm song that he did for the buzzer and moving. If he played those together, you would be like it's like one song. I think it's great. I mean, I like the song. I'm just when you, when you, when you, when you, when you're seeing the So surprised that I said I like it. I mean, did you feel better not can't stand it? I think it's not. I just thought you were off the back street boys and I kind of still like them. But it made him off the back street boys. I think when you're just fine, more than music is very good. But you're more into like 98 to 98 degrees than you know you're talking. Yeah. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'm not forget doing that. I think that's all. I don't like that here. Oh, and I hate jepic as much as I can. Yeah, I don't want me to. That's because we're both jealous. 560, 50, 50, 560 on the AT&T and boys and what? What? What do you like about it? I'm true. I hope she's never seen it. I know she hasn't touched it because she said all enough for me. I've seen what she said celebrate. I celebrate something like that. That was for everyone. She wouldn't know. Okay, that's a balance up 93 in the end. That's 26. Let's just close down. Wall Street right now. Okay, let's call the whole thing off and just bring it to the nice pass. Yeah, that's a goofball to hit on there from Morgan St. Louis this morning. All right, we have to repasse. And I see the next, that's it. I love where work to do on the lower side. Don't you want that expression? It's got a lot more work on the lower side. He sees a 2500 Nzx. You better hope it's not 2500, you crazy bastard because Morgan Stanley and all these other, all you have to book is people that are going to be on a business. If there's an Nzx 2500, you go, you buzz. This is the kind of people I keep waiting around there on CNBC is more on like that. And there's a panting themselves on the back for their fifth anniversary of Squatbox. I got a Squatbox. I'm losing my ass, okay. That's my Squat. Here's broken, huh? Deal. Yes sir. I need to. Okay. Listen, that's called the work team last week. They're getting ready to interview Brian Murray. And I didn't start counting it. I just said that would you please ask Brian Murray questions for me. And they said what? What's the color tape for turning Murray to get fired? Uh-huh. And they should all know you like you would a matured. That's it. What are you really after this guy? Are you going to ask him a question and they said no. Question. Because they're bunch of pussy. They're bunch of ass suckers. They're bunch of panthers. Right. Unbelievable. What's the color tape? Me? We're going to get rid of this. What are you going to take? You already seen it. It's in the working progress. What do you mean? Is it mean? Is it just, huh? Sorry, so how could there be so many stupid people? I think I didn't catch out of the guy. I told him that he'd be making fun of the word the girl that Bush was saying it. And this guy. It's a work in progress. They just got tied by a girl's team last night. Okay. It couldn't score a girl in three regular periods at overtime. It's a work in progress. It's happening. The public isn't subsidizing support. This kind of swirl. L-O-T. Lack of talent. L-O-E. Lack of excitement. And for the people that are being requested to come and bring all their hard or money. L-O-N. Lack of motivation. And Lack of money. God. Take a look at it. You can smell it. I mean, who are supposed to be supporting people in this case? Is it a Peter Rollel? Yeah. Is it, uh, O-E-A-A-A-E-E-O-K-N? And maybe somebody who will be, and then a shwikki who's pay is pretty shwikki if he asked me so far. Yeah. It's always the same old story. The youngsters in the organization, and they're going to do this. And they never do it here. They never develop here. And then sometimes they go someplace else. And they can learn how to do pretty good. But they never develop here. Sounds to me like bad coaching. Twenty-six years after a lot of five, 60 WQM, when you're buying cigars, get you the best of money combined. You get those at mix of guys right down there in Miami. Wish they'll wait and. Now, thank, uh, that asshole, I know. So the public did finally have to be in charge of lies and threatened with death and beating, uh, not necessarily in that order. What I've got part of a box is a guy who's, which he had, uh, absconded with most of them, but they were, it looks like those. They were just, some cigars. I thought those didn't look familiar. So none of it he brought the way, how did he get those? That's convenient. This is the number in the list. Scandal. They got it. I didn't take any of that crap. I saw them smoke that garbage. Maybe if it's the good new echo, I can eat it. That's what I'm telling. I've heard you say that for the lethos of, oh my god, you please, I'm begging you people, talk to Mike and Nick and Mike Jr. and all our friends down the next, Tom Frank is I'm scanning with all these people cigars and a scandal goes on. I think whichever candidate can solve this problem, that's the one that's going to get erected. I'll tell you that. The deal Roger shows sports radio, I'm 60s. You, A, and business acting in the character. No, from Washington, number Glockland route, featuring Elinor clip, Jack Jamal, and sitting in for a pet weekend, New York Giant cheeky barber. No, here's John McLaughlin. He's you, long, George W. Reigns of Walt. I'm on clip. Well, John McLaughlin. Oh, John, John. Well, that's not a new feature. Oh, Gigi barber. I'm gonna have to say the book, Oh, I'm a natural answer. Oh, exercise. That was a new one, a giant. Next issue. Algo. Favorite Broadway show. Bring in the noise, bring in the cons of tax. Oh, Roger, I think it's Waldo. Wow, Jared, I'm happy to say it. Oh, John, Jackie Jackie, big John. That's a very difficult choice. I'm gonna have to say, right. Not a choice, ready to give you barber. You gave it to less than I wasn't a choice. Oh, correct with Tom. Can't. Here you are, Tom. Next issue. The cast of Big Brothers should be murdered. Oh, Elinor. You're in this room, Jack Jamal. Kind of like, wrong, ticky barber. I don't think they should be too long. Excellent, sir. Point by point, honey. Bye, bye. Well, 31, that's your homework, sir. And we gotta find out what kind of thing we're using on PBS. He's probably, I will be sure it. I will speak about it. Yeah, I'll just have a, for sure, then something distracts me. Come here, you gotta make a tape and sing with tape of the show. Because if you saw it once, I guarantee you'd be squishing it. 560, 50560, palm 560 on the AT&T and horizon. What I was wine. Oh, here's a sad fact. I'm not even gonna read it on the air. About those pants, isn't about caring. Let me say it again. It's a working progress. They played six games. They won a game. Won't be much longer than they'll be saying bye-bye. Maybe John McLaughlin called Harry Merente. Bye-bye. Just before it gets on that bus. Here's a mobile and palm beach, hello. How you doing, yeah? Yes, sir. First time corner. You gotta great show. You're on the track. You keep going crazy. I'm gonna be real good like you for breaking me. Yeah. And you know, I'm not going to be real good. I'm not going to be real good, sir. You're from Brian Beach. What is this? You're from Brian Beach. Yeah, Brian Beach. I'm right in New York. I can get out of here with that phony action. Okay. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AP&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Miami, hello. Yeah, sir. Fourth Air Innovation. I hear you say that out there. Are you serious about that? Of course. Who decides you get four-star on the line? I do. You do. You bet. You wouldn't give me a bottle of fags. Uh-huh. That sounds good. Okay, right. Thanks for listening to the new Alive Your Show on 560 WCWW. Your Pringyroll Fag. Sweet answer. A ledge. Probably not. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AP&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Out of town. 877, 785, 6345. He just yell us crazy. These like it in the morning or a protest. And that's the problem. All these straight drives. They're just waiting for the day somebody comes on them. So they can say, oh yeah, I turned them down. Like we story. There's a mobile and nape on. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm a little bit busy. I'm a little busy at the same day. You take a lot of these down. Yeah. So we're in the towel. But I can't give up. That's not really important. That's lots of things. I just came back to me. What's your favorite place in Vegas, again? Well, you're that a curiosity. And Jim. And only because I stayed there in a two-leasure, but you brought him around all over town. If you ever get out of the valley, you're a flamingo. Yeah, sure. Once in a while. Yeah, I like those two places. Anyway, one other question I had for you. And if you get a chance to call, but back on the late 80s, early 90s, you probably get a spotter kill with the guy that he's just saying, I'm dying over here. Yeah. I'm afraid that you never played anymore. We need it. We need it. Yeah. Yeah. If it gets it, you don't have any more. I'm dying over here. There you go. He's so dying. Have a great day, pal. Thanks, bud. Okay. See you at the morage because that's what Vegas is. It's a morage. A lot of fun every now and then. I'm putting out. How's the Hudson's over there? Hudson's got 55,000 pounds of food there for us. From Wayne Arnold, we're the 125th and Rolphore 7th Avenue. Which we love profusely. The needy burgers with a bacon and cheese. The watch is still right hot. It's pumping for some brightened dudes. Come back to New York. Okay. You're not just New Yorkers. You make us all want to puke. Right in New York, that's where they know from White House. They know what happens in New York City. Oh, it wouldn't know if you shoved up their bacon. Yes. Thank you, sir. What is that? What do you remember that thing here? What's the thing from Wayne? Coming more propaganda. Get out of here. Wayne would more propaganda. The water board. You have water in my ass. Mr. Hotchat politics. Just keep cooking the grease of the burgers when you do an great job. Thank you. Hudson, your hell of a guy. You're great American and I go make us some good stuff. Look at that. It's a beautiful thing. For the hot sauce. Hmm. Even a diamond bond. They never saw nothing like this. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Thank you, sir. Here's a coffin. Here's a coffin. Parkland. Hello. You know tonight on HBO kind of clock. I know you're going to see this. Yeah. Hey, that com. Extremists on the internet. Yeah. It's a program hosted by more speech. You know more speech. I know a lot of significant. Victory against hey groups. Right. I know you want to ask people about their rush stuff like that. Well, I know you want to talk about it's fairly good show. I've got a lot of company that paired that place. There's now one person inside is everything that you can see next. Oh, they're seeing it. They just not calling. Have you seen it? What? What? What? Yeah. Sure. That's a bunch of ideas. There you go. Okay. Have a very thin. I need my wide heart. Okay. School. School. While social security, bushings got a plan. We hear a second somebody was obviously. Everybody I talked to. Everybody I wanted was it. How could anybody with a brain bigger than their toenail go for a bush? No, no. Who are these people? The pulling and must be pulling the majority of the majority of the country. I think I could watch a bunch of more on. Those picking red neck Yahoo. Huh? Yeah. That's America. Are you going to do this text for it? Yeah, I need to be a cut all right. Put on the leg. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 1. I just thought I'd mention it again. Is anybody following 2 on it or not? Well, I told them right. A week. Yeah. Man, I'm getting pretty impatient. From last week today. Not that we need all the lines to be working because you can only talk to one person at a time anyway. Right? Is that what they always say? So what's our unit all is other lines for? It just kind of nice. Like a security blanket. Damn lazy, slacker. That's what this place is all about. A bunch of lazy slacker and this show is like leading them around by the nose. That's right. We've led them to the promised land and others will. I think the next book, maybe we ought to do about a point three. Just to teach them a goddamn lesson or to a perjurjama that's Palestinian bitch. Every day. Here's a moment of lost time, hello. Yeah. Hey, that shows all it. Not a clock. I watch it. Every week it's only TV. I have to watch. Is that tell it either the best? Oh, you know, it's all right. The next thing is about that show. It's all in a cliff. He and all of somebody. For someone to try to tell a person is for shrieking. Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. I love that. And they are there always. They said that guy's flood bonds on. Yeah. He's the cold. For little bit of ours. Yeah. Tony Blakey is not the guy's men that they've had. But he's got a trash worse. I mean, I've gone to business and Poland. The guy's just better over there. Yeah. Well, he's a pludgy. He's blowing the mile away. We keep swearing them green. The two coasts like that. I don't know. I don't know. I thought you were sure. I finally found somebody that's got some good taste. Have a great day. Yeah. There's a guy that's actually seen my glaucoma. I understand the parody. I had no minute to say. If you never saw the show, why would he even be funny? It's funny. But if you've seen a little, I think you're a swelter-man. That was a lie. It's just that if you'd know John McGlocker, then there's actually go through that Tim. Bye-bye. They haven't seen it. They're two busy watching God Day in my MTV. And let me say it again. I don't want to start pushing you up again because we're all new people to stay there a lot of there. I go to your polite thing. I want to see if there's a bunch of Americans. But over there, I'll say it for the eight million times. I got a whole bunch of music channels. And they show videos. How do you like that? What a concept. Music. I'm music channels. As opposed to all these other eight million stupid God Day real world, unreal world, all of a sudden a crap. And what ever happened to Tom Green anyway as he shows Philonix's thick-up as nuts off. He's just a lot of one. Now we don't have a titer-wall. See, I'll start out of mine. What's the kick you're nuts off? It's a kind of curtains. 21-12-25-60-2A. This is 560. You way out. Where you flood jacket? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm in quick for you. I'm so motivated to stay alive. I'm so excited. I'm excited for doing what we did. I'm alive. No. There's a world that keeps you alive. No, don't sit there alive. It's a tightness comes down to patience. And it's my place. And you've got to keep it up, the home. Are you in love with this protection? Where you from? Where you from? Where you from? Where you from? You've got to keep it up. You've got to keep it up. Get up, go. We've got six. Three to four. Five to two. I guess I'll party over the premature here. I'm waiting to food anyway. Probably you'll party. We'll just be able to see you springing in an online air. And a good buddy of Huffson. Why are I trying to get the station. It's vanished from the face of the earth. Vanish from the face of the earth. The summer book on this radio station was. It is nester. Huh? person's 12 plus 6 and the midnight wait till you hear this wait till you hear this W mild you all new station went from a two three to two wait this station went from a three two to a two four two four woo in the tank in the toilet when's Bob and Tom start in prison 12 plus 6 to 10 a.m. radio on there all this is a heavy good historical I mean the Hollywood book radio on more is number one a radio on D is number two all were dropping from a seven eight to a five eight of the early on effect wears off hot one will find E.D.R. look at the top first stations in this market 12 plus overall is all ethnic am I was next W.I.O.D.A.M. of your new station three two four point anybody believe that oh no Howard 12 plus one from the third to eight does anybody believe that oh can you believe this what kind of what kind of a waiting book did they have it they must have talked to the same people they're voting for Bush in his Pearls does anybody believe that of course not Jesus got all my midday I hit a hit a look at this George 12 plus midday five nine away three seven George from number two the number 11 oh my god I'm telling this is this is the death now that summer book how about anybody else how did they had there this is 12 plus overall could close all your thoughts W.I.N.D. from the point nine to a one point through stupid talk creeping up from number 27 to a time for 25 they make any big in road no they're not going anywhere where the help of the audience go where the help of everybody go in this book another one of these things and other time work yeah come begin paid off by the guy damn the galopursters yeah that's right it's a freaking right way conspiracy time good for his lunch is great and thanks nothing from back in the right hot hot hot hot from Pearls or me too but every time you have that work maybe two okay well the more numbers calling here they can get much worse than this what was that number we had again here 12 plus I think our policy is in jeopardy let's call up for our change and the birthday name for them what's your name are coming and I was for a week five nine to a three seven 12 plus what you can take all the blame for that just half how they're not came back put me half a lot of no we don't know what we did but they have I just got you to the 12 plus yeah I could be on your first so that's right you I'd like you're that's right okay three to seven I'll see I'd have a happy day here I just think I'd have a happy day and I have to do a cross but we're going to be clear about 12 plus what does that mean 12 possibly means the whole guy they're about to get some trouble hundred and 12 and this time believe me that includes a lot of two six to a two two thanks got a two two huh how do you like that in other words we all went in the tank now where did they go in the afternoon who's been in your power always ethnic rep ethnic ethnic spores and spores baby that's what a whole audience is gone so that's all we just paid we're having a gone to a audience there's the attitude they've all gone to ethnic if you don't use a dark or a speaker they don't know pick it up I ain't race then you have the assignments change in fact there's no Chinese they can't even know that all so what I tell you that now we don't care we still get paid one more the other here's a model and some life along yes sure and I have a lot of time you're real people and everything is really new you know I mean that all gone and great context we want to his life in the paper and things was on Saturday headed right the rest of the world and all that excited about it maybe you are for not if New York so great let me say one more time what you don't hear here's my me like shello is offering my amy has a doctor the world okay good good good son keep it up here's for my as well is this thing along with me or the name gosh what is it for these but past two colors here but the packed food in the election center clock well yeah nice going there and if you is not gonna step around here changes quite a bit there was a poll on ESPN the other day is I don't want to talk about the settlement that we don't care about that right up here out of what is the greatest arena stadium song they had rock and roll part two who met the dog now totally disgusting they had y and pa I said you know what you know what that's about what you know what the point out to the brother yeah that's right yeah yeah yeah yeah that's the point that's all the interesting kind of people in there I'm really proud they always go out to the Panthers score girl so I don't think we're gonna be hearing too much of it I know we don't know maybe it's good I know we don't you know I know it's there for time again there you go I know you're pretty good you're not you know we are not the Panthers we're not the Panthers we're not the one we're gonna pay great yeah you know you know it's exactly a defense like I could be when we say again if he wouldn't have played great we be talking to last here today not a pie with the girls team but I lost with the girls team and heaven helped the Murray boys if we could start losing the girls team I thought I could go yeah right I love it not to make you a few couple of you guys you can forget out it with that crap glory glory gooder five six seven five sixty palm five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless fun so we had a summer break that I wouldn't wish on a tell-up a hon or Hitler or George W. Care fine deadly that goes to sure yeah now for another two minutes I will go late next summer he's really need to be teaching you one piece at a time 12 plus to come at little care about them we want to get to the good stuff we want to get to the younger living and breathing demographics and then see how much of a flat we took here especially George I mean five six seven five sixty palm five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless fun everybody sitting out there saying oh see he's hoping George goes in the crap I'd say the news if George went in the crap for 25-54 men that's cost-in-me money okay that's cost-in-me money then I start getting pissed off here's a mobile and full-on of the home yeah I think we're doing I well first of all I don't know why you worried about your phone and give it to you I mean no I don't mind because I got my and written in brilliant blaze money I make you wait they say no they can't they can make you wait they don't make you wait no listen they don't wait because he's not the pay-less they go the George said he thinks that he's here to death I mean how anybody in their right mind can both of his guy completely I don't know where the polls are coming from but certainly they come in for some other planet and when you're watching you see what bad more contract he called them what contractives for his wreck which is pretty good yeah let me ask you something you don't and most people don't realize this we have huge stores of propane gas in this country in the US that we can use and yet no one has talked about that feel okay most cars these days can run on two fields they can run on gas and they can run on protein we don't have to go up to the last it's the mind the yeah we can we can we don't have to I keep some of those for the stores of the first owners you better get with it sure you better get it good I want to write now cut the crap you gotta do more American you gotta go with the program and you do realize that every minute of every day there are any chance they are buying for the stores with firestone pairs on on I just mentioned that passing all 18 to 34 this should be sweet I bet you we like an as to risk 18 to 34 which is no owner of the demographic anyway all look at that the six day in the midnight 18 to 34 we went from a one nine to a two three last year went up to the overall station 18 to 34 maybe we don't have any work parts they would have all the young people what you think oh I got it I doubted that's just an aboration five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless wine wine nine is open out of pound for the entire world free a charge we paid a bread of your fleet eight seven seven seventy five sixty three forty five here's Cooper City hello how are you yes I'm not the father of my children thank God the Panthers with pathetic is a compliment I tried to watch that game last night I watched it I mean I mean it is this real I split tickets with somebody and I think I want my money back this is the way we're going I think there should be a long line Wednesday night of people the night new phones after a L.A. night crap last night I think you should put your next survey is the watch is how long the Murray boys are going to be around that's what I've been saying so this is I mean it's not like I mean how many games are we going to go before we get our first win this is like seriously pathetic and it's not only how many games before they get their first win but who is it that they're going to play that's so good that's the question I'm going to play the worst in what's going to happen Wednesday when they played jersey well what we're having call out right that's you know is ugly in the first ten minutes uh-huh I mean it just it's just it's said I mean it's that kind of got the other channels on the left I had probably so upset about that game we're home and home I've ever been like be the crap out of his life in total I was on just for you how look into his you I thought he was to be you call this weekend I know what happened anyway but it's pretty pretty bothers I want to three key chains they'll so I appreciate it and I wish I'll have a great day God bless you thank you sir there's a guy's getting the key chains which you can get a course at our website to newroggies.com if you want to make the rest of the station feel better w w w see now there's a mechanism to you that we went from the biggest work in the modern history of the station in the spring to what appears to be going to be a death now book in the summer to them I can't see you I mean what changed from the spring book to the summer book why yeah I mean I'm only on four hours a day you follow what I'm saying oh what about the mornings what about the hamperter yeah yeah yeah what's what to store what that was funny I think we just got screwed and the fact that how are we going to wait on is anybody going to go so obviously the people like got these diaries it sounds to me like what but you're communist thank you sir let's take a look at these bad numbers for the morning 1834 or I thought we just said that we went up oh that was the whole station well I want to hear these goddamn waiting numbers this is going well I got no sports more distance in the hurry of crap about the good shinborr shikara crap look at this 1834 in the morning the worst team are 1.9 stupid talk are 1.6 Rick and Spud how do you like that are you hot what the right in the ass the right in the behind those number up without that morning of the for no one who's hours one nine one five or one six they're converging I mean both number stock the bit room that's morning the next group he brings in all the 1834 midday and I have a feeling and perhaps I do it with my hands and they pretty good it is you're gonna be up five six I guarantee them I know five six 705 60 five six and I'm not assumed that these numbers are what you are why I get a high crystal ball about it I'll bet you the that needy burger right here on this plate that's the number 18 to 34 midday and it will be up it's five six B 2 A S 4 radio 5 50 W 2 A M I have me for one day a measly broadcast group they should have W 2 A M dot com the streets me all in this and I believe we just found out why they say that's a bad book during the summer one name red rough and sore yeah that was good so what I've said that I have my thumb on it again as you who I know these ratings man inside and I can't believe it's coming out of my left oh yes 18 to 34 midday and the 3 p.m. from a 3.6 to a 3.7 I enjoyed baby and it asshole that called member couple of these before I went for a way for the summer while the water line pounders everybody's gonna be turned on over those those types of fuel over the super cup they turn over those in the picture filled oh no they did not are you sure positive it says one from a 1.4 to a 0.9 those are loose wild kind of numbers they point nine yeah how do you like that so who the hell are you people kidnled at their feet for your stupid talk is right how did the hopper do there in the afternoon 18 to 34 that's not as demo look at that two all to a 2.4 ah yeah there you go leave it to Georgia in the Humphor to our whole the trip morning was where the real power one point nine a 1.5 wow so Bob and Tom start from all that's what I'm hearing five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AP and T and provides them what I was lying there are any more white hatching here because he used me like one white hot and all these needy brothers that I don't want to get to the bag and it was great thank you sir only the one I want to one okay let's say the caller to him pretend we're doing a show here's my me late cello yes sir it was about this in the go off the deal yes that five years back on Saturday and live they had a silver skit and it was hilarious yeah the carvey was in the go off the end it was so funny that the cast members couldn't keep a straight face like that it was people he painted it was a funny show I mean you know there's some old far-to-watched for the pilot pick and take it seriously which happened in the beginning but it's funny in the bizarre way well it's certainly more interesting than me the press yes but they just they were lacking the T.C. barbrangle and that's it over the car Bob I've got to get the way my license the ticket is not I'll do the perfect all right go get job bye five six seven oh five six the time we got four hundred open line here I'm asking the audience should we you know there's a fact I should probably change the poor the poor's going we don't like going poor's gonna live boring shows we don't like boring cars do it all we don't boring boring is banned in Florida from this moment forward boring be banned how about Chris born you really can you can still drive on and a horse too close that the sun is you couldn't drive from here to the wall and also without harness racing stuff you'll be out of business this is okay what have we got now seven midnight in the overall number we don't care about that we don't respect steady-cade we care about seven midnight all is anybody care about seven midnight all making money seven midnight all no let's get to the middle of the matter let's give them that 25 to 54 and see if we got that bonus coming I don't want to make the pressure bill I'm George or shoulders in there but everybody's waiting the see if we get that measly being very summer bonus yeah let's change the public here's the final result which is the most important you education seventy taxes fifty nine country twelve thirty five five eight twenty five it's social security only all seven feet only people give a crap about social security the one to collecting it now no I'm not even messing with it so are you idiots out there get sucked into this always got a great plan yeah right I got a plan stay home on watching they are your bush people that's my plan here's the new poerick should be declare a moratorium on discussions of go and bush between now and election yes or no huh I don't know how good about myself I'll just go to the other just make the thing sure up should be declare a moratorium on discussions of motion go on this show until your election yes or no huh I don't want to introduce it should we do it yes or no five six seven five sixty five sixty five sixty on the AP and the and provides work in the set of polls growing they all say the care about education to the care about it all course not it's just it's just a winberg recipe just sounds good it's politically correct persons to all my person twenty five fifty four an hour getting there all six they have to unite double get to land on the first day on the bottom of the second page of a three seven two nine three seven with two nine got it overall the whole station at six a and two nine twenty five fifty four that's a bread and butter baby I'll see I'll be your new station on from a one point six to one point two how about that stupid talk went from a one point two the way eight nine a point nine not the idea that let me say it again stupid talk went from a one point two share in the spring book to a zero point nine in this one how do you like that a nice god people just you ask or you idiot you moron you're settling your session you great rather you little twelve you suck hole how do you like that so I guess next we'll begin like words and look at the uh... no they part break down on twenty five fifty four I should have had morning didn't go on a crap with your jemtones at because that bob and time once people you're bob and time the first time they'll say by and I have that people is a real trophy on a gal to that voice that's what they'll say do you know you will yeah people and the ticket Well, well, it's never been with Sponsor Neil, but it's just your mommy's office tonight at the New York yet. Where will it play in? For a place, baby. I don't know if it's time here that wouldn't be surpasses. He said 8,000 people at the night. I'm telling you, but then again, hey, that's the best of all. Okay. Neil, thank you so much. Here. What are you saying? Where's the game tonight? Question. Where's the game tonight? Did you hear? Did you hear? Yeah. Well, that's what it says, which is Miami at New York. So, where are you going to talk about this, anybody? Oh. Here we go. Drummer or please, let's go. Where is 5 to 54? Morning. 6 to 10 a.m. On how it works on the 7th week or 6th week. We've got about one another three. So, this audio through is where we all started. We've got that we have any diaries with summer books. Are we on the first page? No. The words I say, we, the worst team are they on the second page. Yes, they are. Not bad. 2.8, 2.7. So, holding their own. In fact, even though they dropped a 10 to the point they went from number 17 to number 15, they're moving on up just like they got them. Jefferson, they're moving on up. Let's hear it for the guy that pushed it. All right. That's called boys. Our numbers will be next. So let's do the break now. And then try to make a one for it. 8 minutes after noon at 5. 5. 6. W. If you're on the second page, 6.9. The way 4.1. From number 1, from number 1, in the spring, we've got to number a line. from number one in the spring worth to number three. I'm high for nine. So, six nine to four one. What are you talking about every day? You're a great job. Huh? Pursa Bill? Everybody said you didn't expect that. You know, Jeff, when I came back, how about Friday where I was going last week? Will you go Friday? These really show, they were crawling from it. They love it. They don't like you so much, but they love that show. Maybe that's a problem, maybe they just don't like you. Maybe it's just the entire crew, but that could be it. Because we know that there's no entire tag showing up there. It's not a tag, but you're known as five, 60 WQM. It's a Neil Roger show. Sports radio, line 60. A few. I'm dying all the way out. The film is yellow too. This is a story of a girl who's happy, nothing. It's a WQM. Alcohol, quiet ears, and the sister that hasn't even been clueling her food yet. I'm gonna tell you where the second date is. Now I've decided we can't hide our whole family and we're nothing. Let's do it here. Just explain how we can hold back. Go. Go. Kinda stretch another time Russian Q&A the song, Miguel this came in here saying, we eat in this white hot, he said no bread. I don't even put when you run the heck and you don't put your a wimmy on the wall. But, oh, you just came back. Anyway, look at this 3 to 7 pm, did I already do this or not? 25, 54 for the hobo, let's see. 3 out of 29, about flat. That's a bed. And of course, we don't care about that. I'm going to give it a one that we care about because we're so selfish on the show. And I'm so to talk about why should we be different from the other people on South Florida? It's all about free. We're still fish, we only care about ourselves. That's the way it is. That's why this show fits in this time like a rubber glove. Here's the fact that it says, how are you, Miguel? I'm okay. I've been a fan of a glove and for a long time and I've really been using the funniest thing. On TV, excellent job. Also, a fact from somebody who says he talked to a woman who's so stupid, she said that he's going from Bush, but she always wants to democrates. Yeah. How do you like them apples, huh? And then here's a bunch of bullying the hockey stuff. 5.670560, Pond 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and large pond, hello. I know. Yes, sir. You know, I know Gorsal wouldn't end in, but I don't think there's, but I know. Don't you think there's going to real double standard in this campaign? I mean, everything Gors has said, if it's the tiny spit off, he's a liar. And Bush is making statements that totally contradict what he said within the last year. And you don't say a thing about that, like, you know, abortion. It's like a patient's license, but let him go to the against and then a lot of the past because the Democrats and legislators are at and be so just refused to sign it. Right. And he tried to take credit for that. But I'll talk about how he worked with a Democrats to get a pass. And we can, he was working against him. Right. And you know that thing about Gors and the Internet. Do you know where that actually comes from? When he was a lieutenant, he introduced the bill to create a quote on quote and information to for high exactly. Exactly. So he wasn't lying. Well, he was a pioneer. I mean, they're playing their nitpicking. They play some magical games and everybody says, like the thing with a kid, I see we're all back to this again. And what's the point? Yeah, I know. It's the media again. They're dependent on who's spinning it and the wrong people keep spinning it. But they're not pointing out where Gors lying. And they're not pointing out where the things go a lot of the things he's saying are true. Like, what, you know, about that school. There were lots of kids with no depth. Yeah. Well, that's all I got. Okay. Thank you. He had sounds to me like somebody's doing a very ineffective job of campaigning. Meaning growing his handlers. That's the problem. I'm going to say again, if Bushby comes elected, it's not because Bush is going to win it because Gors is going to lose. economy is good. Things are going along great. Even the dollars of 71 are also the next time 14 credits. But everything's smoking along. The power savings in these railies. One can different over there than there ever has been. There's still shooting about. All they had to guy from the DEA on. I'm very macafody. I figured what's one of the shows over weekend. Did you see that? I saw those photos. They were showing it. And we actually were talking about. We have to be more heavily involved in counseling and in prevention and in therapy and in rehabilitation and those things. As opposed to just their soul whatsoever. Everybody in church and the rest and you'll keep building more prisons. How do you like that? Here's a mobile in the cables. Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good. Can't talk about the hummer. Yeah? Okay. Okay. We'll call him up in the talk about him. 560. 560. 560. 560. On the 18T. I'll tell you what. They hang this me off on Friday. I'm driving home. And we'll just agree on one of the things which is fine. But he was talking about. Who's doing a baseball game? Who's I think you're talking about. And the car work. Thanks always suffered up in the car. The car is. I'm not sure. It's more than I've never shut up. And it's usually wrong. Has to set me up everything as usually wrong. I'm not sure. Disgusting. Can't recover. But anyway, it's kind of a great thing. It's kind of subject to what up my office sports classes. And I do agree that even as well as never big fan of been scully when I'm channel surfing on the bush with a baseball pack and you hear a voice like Ben Scully. It's great because as opposed to all these non-descript voices that you don't know who they are. But when he said that fixed stocking is outstanding. It doesn't excellent job. On everything that he does. I just about throw out the goddamn. I thought that this stock and must have naked pictures of Hank in a belly goes. Because fixed stocking. He's the algorithm sports casting. Tall and boring and wooden with no personality. Fix stockings. Most famous call was net. Each of them will choose the reds with the Vetsucks and the reds. Call and fish on one. A warm spot of ball. If it stays there, home one. That that is exactly with home one. That was his exact he is so boring and so stale. He's the Mike Sunderler of sports casting. Fix stockings. And he lives in Boko down here. So probably there's like some incestuous relationship. See that's a problem. All these sports moods that kind of like hang around together. Shame on you, Hank. Shame on you. It's not going to have to know how it like this. But after he is prosthetic. What a reverse. God. Anyway, here's here. Here we go. Men. All now comes the pressure baby. Then your feel it. He just knows. Yeah, I can smell it. Men 25 to 54. Morning. What is it? I play with a voice. He played with a cell phone. I'll play with a net. 47 to a 5 one. I'm going there at my favorite show. That was him. The best. Can you believe that? Just in all these different demos when we've heard they must know what our target demographic was. Now comes the real. Here that pressure is run, baby. This is what our photos are based on. Georgia hanging out of the cloud of real tight. You've squeezed this. And the counter to. From a 10 square in the spring look to a 7.4 day in the summer. But the big news is. I don't know. They won't. We get the bonus. I'd like that. In other words, they're for sure that it's be our. We're number one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What do you want to happen in public about? You don't ask the food if you are. It's pretty good for a pump like you. No, you don't. 7. 7. 7. 8. What is it? What is it? What are you talking about? All the pants are not the hompergy. Right. Well, we don't know that yet. That's coming out. I thought the razor blade would be rattling back here again in a second. I'm going to put it on a bun. Well, he was very upset that I was eating the white. How would I? Would then throw away the bun. Here's plantation. Hello. Hello. How are you, Nick? Pretty good. Yeah. I'm calling you. It's not the driver show. This is my show. Well, guess what? Thank you, sir. Here we go. Here's what the hopper did in the afternoon. 2554. This would give you a pretty good picture. But if not the eight or not, why? I thought it would be a fire tour. I'm just glad we're cleaning. I'm just glad we're cleaning. I'm just glad we did about an eighth. What's wrong with that? How does that do? What the hell is wrong with an eighth? What's the other one? Mr. Smarty pants? Let's move on to Spickcut. I mean, yeah, I told you was there. Yes. I'm going to go out a few diaries. Hand it, Markables friends. So let's hear it for George. We've not told you. I haven't heard of it. He's probably didn't know. I tell you it was going to come out. Okay. A year of little faith. You saw those 12-plus numbers. That means zero people don't like you. The old Jews they told you well. Because they know you're an anti-semite. Here's called, gave them. So long. Hey, how are you? Okay. I moved out of your body. Well, it's a 10 months ago. I'm so sorry. I apologize for you, silly. I'm so sorry. I apologize for you, silly. I'm so sorry. I apologize for you, silly. I apologize for you, silly. Thank you so much. And then, George, you're sure. Yeah, that's it. Nice going, George. And I cannot get anybody done. George, you're building very, very well for you. I'm just extremely entertaining. And I was a little bit worried since I've enjoyed listening to you so much. Even though the numbers drop like an animal in the ocean during the... bottom line is you cut off that last guy. And I was going to call up because of the lead. Not whole for the lead. You had a guy who called maybe 15-20 minutes ago. And he commented on how good the numbers were. And he brought up hammer. And I said the same thing because every afternoon when this guy comes on, it's the same New York douchebags calling up talking about the Brooklyn Dodgers and going to the games when they were kids. Yeah. And that's where he's always in that great hammer. Well, see people from New York doing understand your relationships. Well, those never find crap about New York. So they're standing. Exactly. And I'm like, you know, we people get over it. Really. You think you're doing it? No. You won't do it. Well, let's say it again. The reason that a lot of New Yorkers are down here is because of the... I've said this for years. And it's true. The people who couldn't make it in New York became here. There you go. Fine. There you go. That's what's all about. Bottom line. Panthers need to get some more American point players on the team. How about some players with some skill? How about some pound? Well, that's true. And players who can put the biscuit in the basket. But they put the biscuit in the basket. Put the lotion in the basket. Yeah. They look plenty of time to wash a pressure for yam. The fact of the matter is these guys are not tough enough to not greedy enough to get to the... It's not me who knows. Ready enough. It's got to be with motivation. There's run through the motions. You can see that. Wait. Put the motion in the basket. You're eating the newly burgers. They need some canned newries on the wings. Yeah. Okay. I can tell you all at him what I want to with Mooney Day. Have a great day, pal. Hang in there. We want to tell him about canned newries. Oh, no. He's breakdown in tears. So what are we going to do about that? Terrain Murray, huh? And about this whole ambiance that surrounds our team. It looks the lotion in the basket. Yeah. They can't put the pocket of basket. They put the lotion in it and somewhere. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 8, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Oh, well, what does that care about the yeast potman? And the fact that he's such a good father. And every time he goes out on the road to prison, thanks for a good yeast rules kid. Do we want to hear about that? Oh. What the crap, we're a quick suck enough to that frog. Nobody gives a crap to be a good father or a bad father. And a mother. And a moron. And got something, bro. Tessley, wrong. Oh, yeah. The penalty is on the head of the internet. Guess what that is? Yeah. Orpel up your eyes and watch the game you dumb frog. Or get out the parents and George are in the fisting now. Wow. That was disgusting. All these punk fisting. 25. Okay. That's not important. So we got the bonus. That's all we care about. We're in. Now George has got something to be too bad for like you're a 4 month. I guess it. Here's a call in the game. Let's head off. Anyhow. Okay. I don't know if you heard about this or talk about it yet. Catch the whole show. But do you know that that's in the next part? In the next part? In the next part? Yeah. Oh, what does that happen? Let me know what time that's going to take for us. I don't want to miss that. Basically, these kids, they were planning to kill them. And while it was cleaning up with room one day, she looked under his bed. And she found the whole blueprint. These kids. That's probably all seeds. They had to follow them. They built everything exactly what they were going to do. Guns, the whole works. They're planning to go over there and shoot them during the night. Bye. Bye. And what's he going to do? He flew the plan and he was... She called the cops up and everything. I hate that much. But I mean, yeah. I mean, it was... I thought it was a joke at first, but I was being... You sure, right? And it was bad, man. Yeah. I know the matter for him. I don't know the question now. The first name. I mean, are they really that bad? They kicked ass. They had a five-year reign. They went up. Really? They could, who's like the main competition in the morning? I mean, what do you... You know... Who's giving competition in like Howard? Right. Oh, like... You know, the power 96, the child-ripping. I've done a big role. Power, cash, no talent. Yeah. I don't want to look at them. They made me sick. Now, they do the power 96, they said, Well, I asked him to pay for a couple little things. He did not come to you for me. I mean, he's got to say, well, a battery boy ticket. I didn't go that anyway. I'm part of our region. They don't care about ourselves, but put them. Yeah. Yeah. I have a great day. I'm sure you heard that bad news about him, Stink. Yeah. I have a client-rated race, E.D. Which is number two album in the world by the way. We're all ready. Producer-forming, all. Yeah. Did you come through a cat with a chain from those set? Power 96. For a baby package, you've got a job. You should be set for me, all. No, it is not. God, Sam. One job, but it's 10 year old life. You're so far over the highway, man. Where did they go? Uh, honey. I don't think you're there. That's the thing. Yeah. I thought you were going to go. Can you go? He's a racer. Oh, that's a... I don't know. Don't be like that. Okay. No. Don't be like that. I don't know. But I think I'm not. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I mean, anybody doesn't appreciate your ability of managed to agree. Is it common to start head that right now? There's no question about it. Anti-Smart Communist Basin. Just as simple as that. And this guy's told me about 98 degree. I mean, instinct. I mean, hey, hey. Those kids. One thing about them, at least they're consistent. They don't look good and they can't sing or other than that. They're great. Twenty-six-five-seven, at five-six-ney-three-way-m. That's five-six-ney. You were here. Five-six-ney-way-m. Night-by-m. All the yellow-holms lay in the room. All the yellow-holms lay in the room. All the yellow-holms lay in the room. And there's no one. But I have no. So don't know how we do today. All the way to the center of the town. There's some big town who's gonna be there. Yeah, yeah. They do get this weird. Even two-two-five-go-porn-a-porn. All the yellow-holms lay in the room. I've got some genders. Did you see Waffen anyone in your ladies' room? No, I said no. Because they're not there. Because they want to rest in... They're all in their whole bookm's out. You can find them. Wait down here, like, about number 45, about a 50 station. Refractions. Ten-y little minutes to refractions. I mean, the question is, how long can they keep hanging on? Huh? Unbelievable. Not that anybody cares, because nobody's worth them. Here's a Georgay Fax. And it says, Georgia's a lame-effing-linked, Lymph-dip-cubin-web-fax. He wants to serve to be audience. And we are celebrating. Well, we're celebrating because we still get the bonus, okay? It's all over the half of the year. You stayed two more months. WTMI would have had a big book, bigger book. Or yes, somebody listens to TMI. Do we care about people listening to TMI? First I hear the change in format anyway. That's what Bob Green was in that. Or was it Bob, you know, one of them. Georgia is a great blazer. And a position at some broadcasting school. A drains dollars out of sad sack ass. Or if you should be serving up. RB sandwiches at the drives you. Georgia's a Cuban housewell with a... Something banana. Can't, if it's a spick, is what it says it to you. There you go. Fins spick. Say believe me, if you want to make a big in this town, I mean really big. Now I'm not talking big like me. I'm talking about really big. Just for the show and best Cuban today, five hours a day, four hours a... 24 hours a day. That's all you need. Just like that's where we took over the weekend. There wasn't a purpose of it, but it then surprised me that the Cuban one of the grand slide, especially after Alien. And why should maybe have said about Alien, another is missing those happy meals? I took pretty pissed off. The Alien, I get no more guy than happy meals. He's going to eat none happy meals. That's right. Growns still. That's what the Alien over there in Cuba. And maybe once a week if they're lucky. But can't in the course, met at their weekend lucky. I'm still pissed off about that guy. They're in the coffee woman. The woman coffee kids. 36 votes on our second portion. We declare a more Tory on discussions of Bush and Gore and Talaque's election. Uh, 15. No. 31. They want to hear about it. Well, you know something I would mind talking about it, depending on how those things turn down. If you had something interesting or new to say, they keep calling and repeating the same or entire crap. It's real. It's terminal. I'm trying to build it. I'll get back up here after a desk with summer. I mean after George's great job during the summer. And you people want to be as brilliant with this old boy stuff. And you notice your old people. That's why when the 12-person numbers came in and the work like I was going to be designed. And then even 18 to 34, we went up 25, 54. We're still number one. The numbers that care that demographics under the Alien of a hundred. We're doing fine. Don't you understand? We don't care about people over the Alien of a hundred. We don't want people over the Alien of a hundred. And the first hour today, that's why I talked to those people over the Alien of a hundred. Well, I think that's a good one. I would just be a little bit more forced for all right. And that's Julie, but then the Anteic Semites are coming out. And then you wonder why? You look at the sum of those people and you wonder why the Anteic Semites are coming out. Here's a lady in Miami, huh? Yeah, yeah. You say, you are in every day. Thanks for being on. Yes, I do. That's what Walter said. He said exactly the same thing. He said, thanks for saving our answer to the minute show. A rally every year. And it's an interesting for the guy that just sent the cost. He even would be a way for the summer that George is never a step back to clap out of the morning's and the homework five good two and a half points. Honey, I like that. Oh, I love sports shows. And here they are sports shows. Men 25, 54. And we still be to clap out of me a little George on there. Yeah, well, you know, if you don't like sports, you wouldn't be George. But I'm pretty damn sure. For all kinds of things, I went down to the end of the dial. Like a seven A.M. They're looking for Steve K. And you know, there's not even a broadcast with no from there. So week. Yeah. It says in the paper, like 1470, well, there is no. Why would you want to hear that? Just because he used to be good 25. He used to be good. When was that? How much did it say? When, when now you and him were an out ready guy. He was never good. Miss Alice, you know, you and his son. When he said again, he was never, but he never had any numbers. You know, I'm W.S. News when the rest of us had gigantic numbers. He had a three-year 12-point. He had nothing. Well, he, he, he, he, he never had weddings on any station. He was about when I first went to IOD, the first book was so. A lot of people came along and he listened to the ringer. He saw me there listening to him and they grew to their numbers. After they listened to like three or four months, they were gone. The next book they were gone. Well, is that why you can't get the station? That's exactly why you can't afford to put the adjuice up. And you're kidding. I don't know. I mean, is that weird? Well, why do you want to hear that? I can't find hear that. It's absolutely nothing to say, but a bunch of right wing cramps. Right wing cramps. Here's become a real fanatical right wing, or yes. And what about the silence? Anilifism. Your Alice is an L.A. So she's so large. She's so long. Have a great day, sweetheart. Okay. Oh. She, what I mean? She, you people are one or the other in the past. I appreciate the most thing a long time. I'm glad you're like to show you like me, whatever. But nobody, most of our audience says, no, for even who the hell those people are for quite Out loud. Just tell the witch who problem. Oh, God. You should kiss the ground that you can't hear that signal, believe me. Turing a bunch of right wing babbling cramps. And then, of course, there's always got always had to have a little suffocate. You remember you used to be Nick, uh, all of the men, the shelter? Lawrence. Nick Lawrence. Always have to have some little suffocate about sucking up in the green. Oh, yeah, you're so like to say, because I know you got that little trippy blind. Yeah, you so like to say, you know, I was just like, I don't know my anything he did. I'm dead. I'm like, I was just like, how is sleeping? I was drunk. He has a wife, you know. Yeah, I know. Yeah. Am I convinced? Oh, no. Who's he? Oh, yeah. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. You know, Paul, me blind. But you're up a, you're up in those voice cuts again. We're a blind. There you go. There's some, so pretty publicity for S.D. He's still alive. He's still on the air. Does it? Oh, and let's find out. Let's see if he shows up in here. Mr. Eagle. Do we know what's in the station? I don't. Men 25, 54 in the morning. Let's see. W O C N is got a 0.3. W L 2 Y's got a point. You'll have to look at it at the bottom. MBM of 0.2. W J and A has got like a blank. Ask the risk. Less than one tenth of a point. W N M A. That's not it. Is this? No. No. No. No. It is? I don't know. How long can we find out? It's blocked now. So we need to call in and I was the name of that 14. 70 station. Then Mr. Eagle that came in the morning. I don't see it. Maybe it's N M A. Which they went from a point five to a. That would be heavy duty. That would be a ball of numbers. Although they did not receive it on I and two. Remember those days when we first came over here. Yeah. When they switched I O D and I and Z. And they put stupid talk on I and Z. 50,000 watts of power. In this man was another doing fractions. In the morning. Fraction point. I said, what's the point? Did anybody call you? Or why not? Somebody who was in the right. Crack. Here's some lines. Okay. No. It's not a limit. I hope that we said about a push. Putting in the total. That's not true. What do you mean it's not true? It is. It was. Yeah. Right. I mean it's so close. I hope we could push yourself back in there. But. Gorgeous stuff. It seemed like going. It's going to be off. That's my opinion. I mean I like this platform. Yeah. I think he's going to have to start getting back into that. You're going to have to roll up his sleeves and do do like last throw. And get a little more offensive. That's correct. Right. And I'll put the ultimate. All right. No pain. Five, six, seven, five, six. He ponds five, six. No. He stepped in and wrote. Okay. Thank you. Like it's very funny. And. So it's not an MMA. And the most Cuban. An MMA is killer. Yeah. Yeah. Must be a pretty craft station. They have a one-share. A few imagine this market being expanded. So I'm with station heaven. A one point. That's really sucking big time. Twenty one meter one at five sixty Q a n. This is five sixty two a s. The real Roger show. Sports radio five sixty. You. A. No. We posted. We're running down that through your closing statements. Governor Bush is first. Thank you, Jim. What I care about is failure. And you know what? It can happen in a matter of what the right ten a leadership. Surely this nation can come together to encourage. Doctors to take the lives of our seniors. Can I comment on that? I would sign a while banning that procedure. If I'm in trucks with a presence, the year or the choices that I will make. I'll cut health care for switching drugs. Education and national defense. Put our budget into deficit. Raise interest rates. I can't put it. I can't let the man continue to. I believe that a governor Bush is a national ass. Correct. But. I can't let that. I'm going to. Wait a minute. Just early folks. I'm going to stand up here and try to act. I'm not going to. I'm not president. And thank you so much. The Bumbling. Jim. Whether. 7241 at five sixty. W to kill. I'm going to share it again. This spot in boys. Make no mistake about it. Here's the fact is his feet can is on W n n. 988 and maybe it's one of those years where he's on it. Because I know it's 14. Every year. It's like in different spots on the day. Hunt. Tech could be it. Remember back in the news when when cheap channel first took stupid talk on. I don't know if they still do that because I never wasn't. Are you the leaders never can part of it or want to run? I just do that thing where they're like every 10 miles you drive and you can, you know, you're doing another station. On our 200 cross. Suddenly and a pub beach and they do that. I have to throw them. Because I'm going to begin there. You run there. I have to throw them out. I have to look at the traffic signal especially in the night show. If you're going to go through it. I'm going to drive more than five miles. Be sure to do it at 13 20. Nice going to a cheap channel. Really, I can just use a few blocks and how those people in the New York doing. How's that contest doing too? Yes. Yes sir. First of all I pick a financial aid on the door. You can go for a cowboy down. That's like only little Joe Costello out of this. He's probably responsible for most of the running. And 14 70 is WWE and and. And how did we narrow you? It's a half. Oh, that's bad. Yeah. He's not in this market. Well, he's in the Palm Beach market. That's true. In fact, I hear it over the weekend. He was in the Sun he's market. I did a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now. He's listen. We shouldn't have best. How about a while when I did a sweaty. He took the six in the morning that asshole. Six with one. Oh, six with six. That's right. Yeah. How did he do? Well, up to 18 to 34. 13 to 7. Of course, that we don't have the team number. That's the main demographic is team's level. 18 to 34 is all I can tell you. How many of you six, my from 18 to nine six. I'm very fresh. Well, Griffin. She might have been doing most free psychic readings. Why 100 is from a six point out to a five four. They dropped all about over half a point. Okay. And that lady WNWX is said. Exactly. And back to you. There was a well said. WNWX we buried it. We had the snooves cruise. We put the tombstone on her goddamn lawn. And now put them. Okay. Some women in the past would Alice Rand tell. And if they're ego and all, and there should be more in my single routine. Anybody ever seen Dick Stockton and Mike Sigurdogethich? Oh, same person. Same non-personality. Oh. Thank Mike's been the him or for the dragon. Funny juice. When he was on your side about Dick Stockton and we'll grade a whatever he does. Oh. Oh. Guys. What a sentie humor. Here's a mobile and coconut clay. Come on. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Furners are having a terrible year. What is this? Our partners are having a terrible year. Well, I'm so like those. Yeah. Hey, listen. I haven't said you've my life. Oh, I hear you. Listen. I have a 50. And if anybody wants to know why there's no more black coaches and managers and sports, just think of a good Michigan state. But anyone. Yeah. Totally coached. Hey, listen. I'm going to the hammer rate if you just because my radio's there. And one of the nauseating things about him is that he. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 6. 7. 6. 6. 9. 8. 6. 7. 8. 8. 7. 6. 8. 7. 6. 7. 4. 6. 7. said that because his mother wasn't the show to get the very very upset. So I don't said that he's going to be we have fed and I'm healthy looking on health and that's the default whatever your name is. Schwartz. Here's for my answer. Hello. Hello. How are you? Okay. I'm very disappointed after last. Now how many shots on gold did I change that level in the whole game? Yeah. Behind. I don't know. Well, you know, it had to be a lot because they had a number of the first quarter. Well, the first one, the first period. What was the, what was the big closed-door meeting before the game? Just to see how many shots they could get? I don't know the head of because, well, I mean obviously it had no impact. Obviously not. And not because they, what are they looking at your jersey and auto-wide belief? Uh huh. Could be a really ugly week, you know? I'm going to go play. See. Okay. Good on your knees. We're going to play for you. Mary, I don't think it's good. Do you want to go across the real interesting thing? Then comes down to liking Washington. If B. I'm going to fire T and even though he's as weathered as shape is on ass. I said the answer probably is yeah, well be too much wrong with they don't still win some games. He's going to realize the jersey and auto-wide coming up. Let's be in chatter to hear it on. If they could wind up going through aching, who's not a win very easily? Because if they keep playing like they've been playing, they're not going to beat anybody. They can't beat them in a solo. They're not beat anybody. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the O.T and T and Verizon Wireless One. And what are I talking about? The pre-susion. Everybody was going on. Oh look at this. They're on the field of the pre-susion to our last game. Spiddle and great. What do I talk about that? Here's a mobile and debut. Hello. There I don't know. Okay. And um, you know, I just wanted to hear you pretty much last bastion of three four and ready of the last. That's right. I know those. Sorry? Ready or blows? Well, you know. I know that. I'm curious. You're the last pick, you know, that's right. I mean, but I remember the 70s who ever get a trillion and bash magic cards. They all do that three four and a trillion. It was probably some of the best radio that they ever won. And then the FCC decided it would be a good idea to let five companies buy it if they got the installation in America and local champions. You know, then the program directors took over. You remember the pick I have? Sure. That you started talking about the batch rap straws on South. First pretty good, yeah. Turf and hard. But you have a great one. No. The best last one was that. I didn't know that. I didn't know that. The best last one on the beach was the famous hands down. No questions asked. Yeah, which picking the strad and the netty became a stop. Listen. I thought I used to work there. I remember they had all the red cables there. The red vinyl. Jail team. Those were the days, pal, but you can't live in the past and have a nice day. Let's talk about the past. What do you say? Oh, let's run in the past. Oh, no. Just the way there's life is for the living in the present and the future. You found a one of the same? I found it? No, I didn't think so. I knew those shows too. All that's thought about what used to be the great places. I don't want to talk about that anymore. About the illustration of the road. Well, let's look to point. You can't go back to those days anymore. South Beach is very grucy. It's plastic, it's still wide ridden and that's it. Most beginning waves, much of bags and that's what South Beach is. Much of Madacone is with a gritty jewelry. 560560, Pant 560 on the AT&T and Verizon, Larissa. I'm very surprised that a lot more people are calling in. Thanks, going George. What? Also the people in this town go out of the way to do or say something. I didn't say go out of their way. All I got was pick up the guy named from and say nice girl and you in Joe Costello. They're like the one guy. He had the ball to say it. They'll soon be clear across the road. Interesting. All the people that were calling up the week that I was leaving saying, oh, it's going to be this actual. Are you people out of your mind? Remember that? I sure remember. Yeah, yeah, forget. I got a good word about time. I'm hearing this. Everybody's got a beautiful smile. Everybody's really good. Well, they do it. No, they were not. They absolutely were not. Because the one thing that people love in this town more than anything else is to watch other people stay out. They love that. It's the mid-year-old's company, Syndo Amaro's again. I'm afraid it's so much easier to fail, too. That's what they're saying. loser. That's the boy. Just looking at me a lot of you people out there. And the word loser is indelibly extra at you on your forehead. Are you seeing it? I'm good. Call somebody in the toilet and have me to take it. Here's a lady, model and book it, hello. I'm your aunt. Yes, thank you. Great quiet. I listen to all. There you go. Oh, here we go. Oh, thank God, George. I just got one thing to say about the election. It was okay. There are a little sick of it. That as a woman, abortion is really hot on my mind. You know, it's hard being a man and keeping pro-choice in everything. Right. And I hope none of these Republicans lives or daughters that forbid get raped or something because they're going to have that baby. Well, but what Republicans don't do that, say? How do I have to go to Germany? Well, they're not going to be happy if it doesn't come out the same color as most of it. Mmm, John for a bid. I really have Gorillam. Okay, both for your four times. Bye. Well, I'm here. Thanks. Bye. So what does he say? Did okay? He said it was clear. Five, six, seven, we got four hundred open lines here. We got an hour and eight minutes to go. I know it's Monday. We started off at a bunch of really bad cars. We first out of the show. We haven't gotten much of a pill from then. But that's a bit close. We don't care. We're getting our bonus for December book. I mean, I am a little upset. I'm, I'm, I'm learning from my happy meal. I wish we could go back to the old days. I think I was saying it was a famous and pick a rose and the turf pub. And the old restaurant on Altman Road. Are we going back to those days? No, no, we're not. Of course, he's forgetting that also when those days that most of the columns have, we've been people over the age of five hundred. Howling around in their walkers and being real up and down columns, that's also when it was a lot of old Jews. Now it's a lot of young spirits. Here's an old woman, Pompano, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Very good. I know you fight on this agreement. But why is it that? I disagree. What is that out to some of your people about? You're having two teams in the world, surely. Think to me that a lot of people are jealous of the, of the, of the, of the, of the, uh, conference friend at the age of the Met, uh, this is the sheer. The Met stock. I know, but I mean, I think that our first ball came. Okay, I mean, he actually, you know, he brought up a lot of very great players. Met, that was what I was saying. They've won eight main series games in the world. But the Met is a joke and they were bad representatives to the national league. They're the prosthetic. But I mean, I know they made an eye try to come back last night and they almost did it. But the prosthetic. So, but why is it that it bothers someone from a, because most people aren't interested in New York, okay? Most people are not obsessed with New York. Only New Yorkers care about that. It's not, it's not a big deal of the rest of us. We don't hear a big deal. What are trying to say, I mean, they're, I mean, the fans in New York are the real fans, they're not at the fan here or in the, they're all the, how about the fans anywhere we are fans compared to here? It's not just New York. What about the fans in the church, Chicago, and Boston, and things like that? They started with too. How about the island of fans? Is that the New York? Yeah? Why? I don't know where that, okay, we'll go find them. Your search, probably another snowman you find them. Yeah, New York, you're the real fan. You're the wanger fan because it's a thing. It's a family thing like a giant. You have to inherit the ticket. It's really, really getting to see what are those games. And of course, you know, I mean, to compare with, where, why would you, why would you insult the York by comparing any, to here? Maybe it's your compared, connected to here. And I was stubborn in self-sulphos connectedly, or you, Vika, or forth-week, or anywhere that crap. Inlet New York, even inlet New York is more about a bunch of activists that we got here. This is Lala Land, and that's another thing I'm getting sick and tired to hear it about it. I'm going to have been doing these shows for 25, freaking years already. I'm sick and tired of that. I'm joking myself. Never do it again. If people want to show up, I want some stupid game. Let them show up. And if that's their business, this town isn't going to change. And this is the same drive. I would have said something like I did to reach you, although there was an FHC and then a hookoons, what I've found you, but only thing matters. And then they try to build up a big deal. Oh, our campers are a lot better than they look on paper. Yeah, right. Right. To try to pretend that they're really some interest if they're playing another godband, grow school or the blind. And like it's going to be a close game. And they win by 150 points. Oh, we're going to have, we got a chance to throw a title now. Yeah, I remember what. Then what? Anybody still be learning anything at U of M? Oh, they will not have something you. They will not. Will there be a real university there? Oh, will the student body be supporting any of those events? No. Anybody below those guy damn basketball games? Oh, what's that you're talking about? It's a big, fat, funny event written town. That's what this town is all about. If there's like a big, I could pick the game as being played at night, projecting the bath and whisky or Ruby one. Then the whole town is like forming at the lava. Hey, what? And they're all like pretending to be emotionally involved. I'm not going to change that. That's the nature of this town and the people who live in it. They don't care. There's no passion. That's not going to be. Okay, 55 to 32. They say no, we should not suspend. So when they're home, they're coming. It's where they're calls. All these people want to talk about grow and grow. And grow a grow when they're running. Okay. Where waitin'? This is 562 AM. 4305-6702 AM by M4 Motherland, a measly broadcast group station. WKOM.com. I think you're not going to get a tiny bit of it. And I wasn't going to let you out in the trash. No, we're doing better with electric piano. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. Now, folks, here's a lot of fun. Get my wife out. You want to clock at five, 60, WQ, I'm hank will be here at the shoulers for the special games that's exciting. And then the fiber clock can see a dolphin. What is with the overhead here? You hear an ass? What the hell is this story? Just out of nowhere. Is this phone on? Where the hell's that coming from? That's a good question. Sounds like a phone done. So that's what we're going from here. But it's not. It sounds like a phone thing. But it's not. But it's not one moment for you. Okay, let's try it now. Still screwed up. How's that? Just this, this is all started out of nowhere. It sounds like it's in the oven. It sounds like you got him speak with his broker something. All like we got some kind of a technical pump. I don't know what we just said here, doing a show. And you people are divided by these things. No, I don't think so. But some of this. This is great. Where is that feedback coming from? Do you have any ideas? Just change, just stop? What did you do? I thought we had no control and you see something to return over there. Well, I'm not sure then something was on because as soon as you were stepped out to do it, stop. Sounds really like somebody here. Just like that call attention to people before that woman and you said it was just a hang up. Somebody is wicked with us and we have a room over there. Somewhere, probably Maddie Bellers have worked downstairs. I don't know. Have I got a sting grenade? How's that play coming to be declare a more Tory amount of excuses going on to show throughout the election, which is two weeks from now or should we do it? 30, if we say yes, 60 say no. And to me, time to get two calls on the board. Pretty weak. Pretty quick, you make for all your people out there that want to use this show as a vehicle to spot your political propaganda, which we've heard 50 million times. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18 and 10 and horizon wireless line. Mobile and confident. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 6 on the right. Huh? That's right, but you know. And you know who that sounds like? That's their same punk again. Who also happened to be the one today that I came on several weeks ago and said, I decided I wasn't going to vote with him and change my mind. Oh, you've sold out. How much did they pay you? You've sold out. And he's the one that's psychotic punk. Nobody else cares. Nobody else cares, but they want to talk about going bush. Here's Western. Hello. I'm George. First of all, first of all, I want to say that everybody at their vote for Nader is a vote for Bush. Yeah, I've already said that 50 million times. As Scalia and Thomas and Redlist, if you look at the undecided to the Nader voters, they're the ones that hold the key to the election. And some of those people are undecided between Nader and Gorsuch. Hopefully, they'll come to their senses and realize that if Bush is, you can't vote for Nader and of course, election, if it was 10 points either way, but for any of you want them to work, but it's not. And the one other thing is, you pointed that this is a vote on the left-to-all of those I don't think a lot of people realize. But if the election is tied, Gorsuch probably can win because Gorsuch has the bigger states and Bush has a lot of his lead in smaller states and in Texas. Well, I think it's like the news here, but the electoral college right now is even seen, I think the last two polls I look at, Bush was one electoral vote ahead. Yeah, I understand that, but what I think is, is all the numbers total all the 50 states and the state for Texas, for instance, where Bush is ahead by the French Institute of the United States, but in California and New York, we're Gorsuch leading by somewhere between seven and 12 points. If you turn up all the votes, Bush has a half a million more votes, but he winds up with 54 or less electoral votes. Because he leads in a lot of small states. You keep saying that, but the fact is that Gorsuch can't even get a lead in the five states that the caucus won. He only won five states in the district, you can come on, we need to say every Democrats going to win this third comment because there's no white people there. But I'm not going to be talking about the caucus only won five states against Daddy Bush and Gorsuch can't get a lead in any of those five states. What does that tell you? No, he's going to, I think it's going to be, it's going to be real close and I think that Gorsuch can't pull it out again, but again, how many of those native voters are going to actually vote for native? They're saying they will now, but when it comes down to it, I don't think they'll all vote for native. No, let's hope not, when we're coming. I agree with no case. Thanks, go back. Did he say a vote for native is a vote for voters? No. Five six seven, five six, we palm five six. The on the 18 key and Elijah, my little one. Out of town, 87 seven seven eight, but five six seven, five six, five, six, the palm five, one. That's still not you under the hand. Although no material, no one to understand that. Don't you get it? They had no material. It's one key scene, monkey do. monkey monkey. Exactly. Here's a mobile in Miami do you tell us? Oh, I was that was real quick, he must have a white day today. It's a very light. Well, if there's anybody I haven't been listening very much this morning, I have a white night. I've been busy. I'm not busy. I'm not busy. I look to see it. I love the show. There's anybody called. I believe it. Does anybody call any that's for all voters at all, does anybody? Of course. Yeah. Yeah. I haven't heard much over the last few days. We've had, well, first of all, we were not the last couple of days as we're the weekend, but we've had. We have a lot more per bush people to look all irritated and worked up to our friends. And the fact that she was just spewing out a lot of hate from the bush people. Sure, they're out there. Oh, okay. Well, I'm not a bush, but I don't take what you say to be necessarily, you know, I respect your opinion and I'm not quite easy about it, but I'm going to vote for him because I don't know, I'm a Republican, I guess. Oh, I wish you a least you're honest. Yeah. I'm not necessarily a Republican to put a chimpanzee up for a, for a, you vote for him. Probably what? There you go. Well, this is thanks for being our first honest colleague. Thank you. See, I'm not happy he's going to publish. So he's a professional Republican. And no matter who the Republican candidate was, he's vote for him. Well, too, for a refreshing breath of honest, and another one, I'd follow up. So there are a lot of other people just like this guy, I'll say it, but they won't say it that way. So they try grasping for all kinds of other readers. Of course, there can't be no other reason. There can't possibly be any other reason. So for anybody who's so man, especially on educated, you're responsible. Not for mention, of course, has a substance abuse problem. Here's Miami, hello. Yeah, yeah, sure. And I want to know if I'm just that his voter, that all the emphasis is wrong right now. Uh-huh. And I still get the question. I want to know. Yeah, okay. I guess the circle just must end with about 105. Heck, you're about two minutes to call himself off. 560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. It must be playing Splendid Yola. Anyway, the plane with George Zedid, Splendid Yola, the final. I don't want to tell you where they put it. That goes after they spin it. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Emil. Yes, sir. First time call or? Uh-huh. Five time close, sir. And go to the regulations on your numbers, first call. Not me, I thought George. No, George. Good job, George. I didn't look for him when George was there, but I'm okay. Marguer, man. Ah, you see you, Mr. Yeah, you're right, I'm Mr. I was on vacation, too. You know, I was calling for that guy while I know what he cared about the world servers in New York. It's not the team. They continued to find the team. Or any of the guys that are the heroes today on that team, if they're getting in here? No. So, I have the most money as a biggest market driver. Oh, wait a minute. Wait a minute. What do you usually wear any of the guys on that team that he was the beginning of the year? I think that was like day justice. Was he on the Yankees to see you getting a good job? What about Brandi? No, not the junior. They're a junior. Yeah, okay. Cheers, then. They had a few times to come up to the finances, so that you could find a few stars on everything. Well, of course. He'd been buying the championship every chance he'd get, just like Wayne bought the championship for one year before we just met all the team and said, don't you stay to know we said now? Yeah, that's what they're supposed to buy today. Yes, you remember. That's how it's money when? School baseball. Exactly. Baseball or a league. That's right. Exactly. Thanks, they're all good. You got a lot of shit. Well said. School baseball. They're a cricket genre in between hockey games. It's brilliant. I know there are a lot of people like LeBent in the past, like you guys talking about the South Beach and Piccolo. That's fine. But to make comparison, like I said on Friday, between this World Series and those great series in the 50s, between Ikey's and the Dodgers, and in 51 the Ikey's and the judge's. Make comparisons without A-Z and 3 Diculous. That's before the expansion, you grew up and down the rosters and even the band teams and he had stars in the opposite position. All right, you're wrong. The other side is great. This is what baseball is really all about. Yeah, drums. Still on it. 10 after one, it's 5 and 60 WQN. Yeah, I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody's very cute when you know. Centuries that you're facing, not Boss 7. You talk to the record man, though. You people start to enjoy them. I think they don't want to apologize to the public You, Khempage tournament I want to point to that. Shut up. You still don't do anything, man. You don't do anything you want to be with Insuating Kingdom. One quarter, theyn istic finished sends a comment claimment of Robin Krabini. Partips in the 50's books, report priest says boys to themselves at him. How do you like that? Okay, a retired Roman Catholic priest accused of sexually abusing several boys to read one victim that the boys to themselves had been hoping for a true according to a tape made by the man's lawyer. Father Maurice granted now 80 living in a facility for Alzheimer's and these patients, allegedly molested numerous boys to getting the truth while serving at parishes in seaside and Oak Ridge and hitting a home for trouble use. On October 9 the church announced a bureau apology on specified cash elements were turning to victim now all adults who have found a lawsuit against Grammar in the arts studies in December. Weeks before filing the lawsuit, one of the victims Joseph Elliott 41 and a tourney David Slater called the priest and taped the conversation. The former the regolian who had the tape and published in count last Tuesday. Grammar sounded lucid on the tape that what kind of his memory seems spotty, how convenient the newspaper said, that proof was in an uniform, moderate functioning residence at the retirement of the women's suburban Portland. I've been thinking about you, you kid that show yourself another people, Grammar said, you know what you want and you show yourself a people to get what you want and there were others of them who did that. They show you, they throw them at you, they want this, they want some kind of excitement so they throw themselves with somebody that's what they do. So why did you pick on me are you asked? Well you picked me, I didn't pick you, you picked me, you were looking for a servant to the answer, no I wasn't earlier said. How like how do you like that? He was looking for it. Elliott Astral Apology, I like Grammar said I'm sorry for what happened in the past, aren't you? Before hanging the phone up the priest said, stay some prayers for me. Okay. How do you like that, ma? Apples. The statute of limitations inspired Grammar will not face criminal charges. When the lawsuit was filed with church said it had confronted Grammar in 1991, when an allegation surface would have been a third priest and I'd wrong doing of course because they wanted it. Okay. One fifteen at five sixty WCWM here's a moment in for a lot of day or home. Hi, well I just wanted to tell you I'm no longer under sighted. I voted last week. I'm going out of town and I tell you it's the greatest way to vote there's no wise no kind of commandals. Right. You work extremely well. You're going showing your card, bacon, walk up. I mean like that. I'm going to be out of town. I'm sure they're advantageous. Okay, next one. Thank you. Five six seven, five sixty. How five sixty will they have to prove that you're going to be out of town after a short amount of time to get? You have to bring the passport, vote for Mommy. No problem, are the doctor? Here's a moment in day, you know. Hey, Neil, how are you doing today? All right. All right, go go. We need to go on a white house. No bush. Yeah. I'm really looking for my car. Why did I want to trip about bacon? Really? Yeah, I got to go out through the three day two-night stay at the Rio all week to see no. No people like that place. I'll say it's okay. There's a lot of backways. No. I want to say three days two nights. You gotta try and get out of here. December 10th. They out there for couple days. No, be sure you went to car. Right. All right. All right. Yeah. I heard that but I went to the strip. Huh? I say I hear a thousand lower end of the strip. It's not understood. It's not understood. No. Was it down here? Is it owned by the Rio or vice versa? Wait, man, you said you were going to Rio sweets. Right. More than that. I heard that. Share is owned by Rio. Do you know anything about that? Well, what does that mean? Everybody keep bringing here. Yeah, right. Well, you're so mean. You were getting through. There's a guy told me there's a shuttle bus going from the Rio down in the drop y'all for here is every hour down. Oh, and the little theft unit place you're going to be going. I guess. Well, I'm going to check and everything out. But I'll be the quickest thing this way because the ship was out letting a car go. A car. Okay. I mean, I've only been there 50 billion times. Trust me. I'm begging you. When a car you'll have a great time. Take a long 10 grand in the habit of the time. Why? Why won't you listen to me? Huh? You've been there. Would you have? Wouldn't you say it makes sense to write a car when you go to Vegas? It feels I never did. But we'll never let the strip. And also didn't stay at the Rio of Swoosh. No, you see, oh, God. You see, if all he's going to be doing is taking the shuttle bus from Rio of the Rio of Swoosh to Harris and then like walking from there wherever else he's not. He's going to be wasted a lot of time. I need the car if he's still not the strip. Right. And the Rio of Swoosh is way way down. Again, I'm as well. One of those damn whatever street that is. But people like it there and I think he gets to be so don't knock it. Here's a mobile and top of the beach. Hello. Yeah, I know. I'm going to get out of this car. I got another of a person's walking in the car. I'll sit you here and you think about Larry Flint. I use on fraud fire. He was talking about he's been investigating. He always works for the past eight months. Yeah. And that he also brought up front of you up the fact that he's involved in some sort of an abortion type thing, which he said he will be coming out. Well, when is it going to come out? Well, I was through it over the mall. I was through it at the best time for him to do it as maybe a week before the election. Yeah. How that's my opinion. He was on cross fire when we were. It was a half week. He was on cross fire. I don't know if I've once had a nervous breakdown. I said Bob know that must have had a nervous breakdown. The matter of fact he did. It's a matter of fact he really called him on America and I was not having no words. But you're right about that. I haven't said. And but he did very said that there's a lot more coming out about about George W. And one more thing. I have a guy. Let's say you have incidentally. Do you or a guy Steve came? Do I know him? I do know of him. Yes. What kind of a talk show host is he? I think he's rejected the word. The word. He's got a sidekick. Why would you listen to it? Why would you. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Well, they're doing it again. They're making a similar mistake. Okay? Three or two once. You decide to tell him at first time. I listen to all. Don't do it again. I'll never do it again. Okay. Thank you. He, you know, he must be putting people up to make any calls because we've already had two people mentioned his name today and at the double as audience. Yeah. I mean, I shall call the callers or WNN or WWN. They don't show up in here anywhere. They don't exist. It's a fan to me show out of fan to radio station. And I don't be grudge. Like I said before, the guy's got to make a livid. He's got a wife and 45 without the kid. He's got to do something. He got to live and put on this story. You a super Mr. Wright waiting a routine of his. Whatever you want to do, I know big grudge. But who the hell wants to talk about him? Five, six, seven, five, six, six, five, six, six, the on the 18, two and two and a glass of water. If I could lie, it's not our show him. It was just some some appeared some guy there in place. Some from a distance. And all you remember is when the Lendor is seen was either one of those places. He shouted he weighed and shouted from across the car hall and said, okay. Poor Latterdale, huh? I'm the officer. I'm like, right, you're something. After watching those debates and I wasn't interested in the debates so much as the see those focused groups were in that's America for you man. That's the middle of America. Well, you saw that. Those mugwoms are in return. The hands of these nums go. I mean, it's ridiculous. Yeah. We talk about young people, 18, 21, who can't make a decision. They can't go. They haven't been out in the working rubble. You see these adults make the kind of points that they make over make up and a pillation that they say. Uh, this is this is it. Why is a car? Why should they be any different from these media experts? They suffer claim punitive sit there and talk about who's looking most comfortable and who's looking most uncomfortable and who's the most challenging. All the other cosmetic real crap. The pond is a joke. It's a real joke. And when I go to value shopping, this is that people say, vote and then they decide, oh, I don't like this, can I? Maybe decisions. Or the suddenly were more themselves from the decision that they made. I can remember back when Nixon ran against the government. As soon as we were gay came out, after the election, you couldn't find a single person vote for Nixon. Yeah. You can find one. He got a mandate and you couldn't find one of voted for ridiculous. Okay. Thank you. You're lucky. Oh, those are the price you pay for not educated in the public. When you got a bunch of more ones walking around 50% of the public is functioning a little bit. You expect them to make an educated decision? Oh, I don't. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, on an 18 and P.A. Verizon Wireless One. I don't think I'm going to be swayed by this poll. Should be to clear more at term. I was discussing the Gore and Bush on the show for our free election. 119, 204, say no, only 45. So yes, it's almost through the one. I still may not do it. Because I'm not hearing anything new. I'm not hearing anything that's interesting. It's similar. It's parlorist. I mean, if there's some stuff that Larry Flint comes out with, something juicy and exciting, please, we pray. Yeah, then we'll talk about it. Yeah, a lot. Like five hours a day. In fact, I wouldn't even be surprised if a lot of it has to do with the murder of Vince Foster. Huh? Would you be surprised? I mean, I just made that up. But if it's good enough for fat ass, limbo, it's good enough for us. All these paranoid mother conspiracy. Like, in fact, maybe Hillary got a note something about it. Here's keep cool. How old? Yeah, how are you doing today, Neil? Okay. Yeah, listen, first of all, that's good. How's your arm, look? My arm is great. Great. It's good. Yeah, I definitely do want to change the 30 black goodness. The beat that's okay. Well, too. So if you could enlighten me, talk a little about your vacation this time. Some of five six seven five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, six, six, six, eight, ten, ten, Verizon Wireless One out of town. Just like that last them. I thought I knew that voice. That's like, oh, my one, been take cool. We're saying one. Eight seven, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, six, three, four, five. Yeah, talk about that vacation that Hawaii took eight, 17 years ago. What's your arm was it good? Was it interesting? God. On areas, Mr. winner's Yankee cap on, there are a few guys who are playing a real team. You might be in trouble. But what do you give me that? That they suck the metro and embarrassment, they're a prophetic team. It might be interesting if they were playing a real team. And I like you, maybe the brains. I mean, they already did their trouble with the team earlier. The shift to Cardinals? Anybody? It hurt Cardinals were so good. You know, the things they're picking up on are not so other words, their five games makes a lifetime or whatever. All of our games are the seven games. Right, there still doesn't make any difference. It still doesn't make a bit of difference. The next suck. I'm not picking anything away from the Yankee. It's the best team on a can buy. We know that. But the next suck, they're an embarrassment. That's only suck. The net and being subtle. We're the net. I'm a big end to your life. Now why do I might be asking any one more team player on? I think they're going to make more team skills. Oh, you know that's stick. Oh, yeah, yeah, there's nobody here. They're not going to get me. I got by Yani, by Yani. Get out of here. I'm not going to know where I can say I'm going to turn. I said you're going to watch it. You said no, I'm not. I'm not watching. I said I watched a little bit of competing with it. I do where you got the amount of the both two games that I watch. You could put in your Yankee cap and have room for a bottle of gin left over. You love it. No, I did not. I hate the Yankee, I didn't love it. What's it all up? I just recliman so to guide in my handle in a bad way. Do you take it that I thought it was a piece of crap? I think he's a piece of TV's a bank art piece. Yeah, I know you started that. That was good. That was great. See, this is this is just like the politics thing. This man is such a blinded Yankee fan that if Roger comes with a tech and with a guy named Shuddy, through it is that I might better know Jay baby. And where about who is it? Yeah, see your social or crap. You just blinded. It's that New York thing. Yes, I got sickness. It's New York is so great. What are you doing here? It has nothing to do with New York. I got this. It's not even an interesting shoe anymore. Thanks to really Julie Annie. That's why he may be a ton of out here. He put the Jew and Julie Annie. That's what Joe Ruberman said. Yeah, to the end. And there's a woman forced to wait. There's no bullet amount. Yeah, yeah, get it all over with the method of targeting. I'm a bearer for them. There's so bad. What's that starting to show us now? What's that was his name? One fork. One. He looks like a pack of garlic. Oh my god. The best guy. He was put our lighter is your best guy. I don't know that guy's picture. The guy last night? No weapons and it's kind of like he kept gagging on it. That's what the old people do. People tell him. Okay. And so the Yankees made him through all those bars. Is that what it was? Yeah, that's right. Yeah. Mm-hmm. Okay, that's your car steller who's saying credit for those great numbers they had in the summer book. Anyway, it was summer night great. He just heard it. There was some of the great confrontational movie that put George over there. And we got their first thing in there. It's a little bit fristing in. 27 after one. It's five 60 WQA. The Neil Roger show's sports radio. Five 60s. Two A-F-F. Gordon did soft Florida a major blow job. Okay, so a time check for myself the partner just came in here and said he's asked me if couldn't could run again. Yeah. And you wonder why we should be calling his election top. I say let's go to a college or whole thing office when I say please. You can't complain about the knowledge you American public because they have a god of me. And Joe just said that he was for a clapping. He was the Yankees. He was going to win a four straight in the sixth anyway. Yeah, that fat type of craft Roger, clapping. Okay, so he pitched a couple of good games and I would say try this but we'll lose that game last night after I went to bed. What about what about the 85 games in the world before that that he got to bomb? What about those? That big fat type of craft. He knitted lowlets could get away with it. Five six, seven, five, sixty, palm five, sixty on the AP and T and Verizon, whatever's lying. How about those pants? Or just talking here about that major earlier and here but how about a perfect season? It was good enough for the offense. Why not good enough for the pants? Here's Miami. Hello. And now you're forgetting the best part about this world series this year. Now my guy who doesn't really watch baseball much anymore. Good. The best part about the world series is just if we don't put up a death-puts Bob Garthas. Yeah, he's not he's not doing the game. So that's it. That's at least makes it a little bit more tolerable to watch the game. Thank God for that. You're bucks were a good. Yeah, I'm not going to let you think about that. But if they were just put a muggle on the car, we're in shut that piece of crap up. He means awful. He just never shuts out. But Joe Bucks okay. I like. Joe Bucks very good. Yeah, I got to pay in there for not mind about it and actually a for not mind gave me. And I thought you would find it funny. It says I don't have a problem with God. It's as thankful that I can't say. Excellent. I love it. That's it. You know, including could you play that crucifixion board game for me? You got it. Thank you. I'll see you in health. Do you ever wish that you're feeling in front of you their final person better? Well, I am the answer to your prayers. From the makers of you think my martyr comes again the whole family can enjoy. crucifixion. crucifixion is not just fun to play, but it forces everyone to know their Bible. And it's easy to play. First, someone picks a word or phrase from the Bible and the rest of the group takes turns trying to spell it. But be careful. If you pick a wrong letter, you little Jesus dowel gets nail. And how took the best? How did you hear it? No. Sorry, Billy. After three nails and one spirit of the chest, everyone loses. But don't worry, in three days, you can play again. So run down to your local crucifixion toy store and grab a pure very own copy of crucifixion. Why not play tonight? Come through the small Jesus dowel nails in a tiny spirit. A blood wooden cross of hammer not included. crucifixion, all product of Trinity brothers. Go on to do these for me. Okay, what police are three or five, sixty WCOM? Yeah, something you look at them and it's so obvious that just it's the right to believe you. But you look at it and it's so ludicrous and ridiculous. And the answer is how could anybody believe this nonsense? You can't even have a bush. You just look at him and listen to the crap and you see how pre-programmed he is with his same three or four cliches. And he asked you, how could any thinking person believe in a tiny particle of a blade both for this man even for like dog catcher? Yes? Oh, again there, that's pretty good. Consider you got a full start. Plant here at her total 33,680 bucks and the credit card orders take two weeks. Well, you'll never notice that getting real panicky. They're just calling the girl a lot because they want to speak to them. You hear them peeping heavy on the other end of the phone hang up. Or credit card orders take two weeks 33,680 bucks. That's pretty good, huh? It's only the 20 turn of October. And we got a very late start as usual lately. What is this? One call on the board here? One call on the board and I took away the more turn for the rest of the day today. So this is it between next 25 minutes. If you want to keep the discussion going about this guide damn election release to boring tomorrow candidate, then you better get with it now because this is your life's hands because I remain unconvinced and spell their stupid pull over here. That's so far as 86 to 53 don't do it. I mean highly unconvinced because I'm not here in a damn thing. 560560, pound 560 on the 18 and two and Verizon Wireless Line is free. More than Boca, hello. Yeah, yeah. A couple things. First of all, technically Clinton can run again. But after two years. No, I was just a joke. He was with a joke to point out you had dumb Todd Drecca in our sales department because he was being serious. Really? Yes. That's exciting. Yes. Secondly, you know, the Navy is held. The Republicans went from well, gee, I hope, I'm sure, Debbie, don't make a full of himself on TV and I'll be all real stupid. If then they're jumping up and up. He didn't look stupid. He didn't want to get 80. I was fighting by the same thing. He looked like a guy. He doesn't have a actual candidate. He didn't look president. He was sweat. He was beaty out of the years. He couldn't have got all of his president of Columbus. I couldn't believe it. He had a nice or suit on and he didn't say anything offensive. But I want my president say something offensive. I want him to jump up and down. Yeah, let's face it. They both suck. Well, they do, but one sex lesson. The other one's the last time we go to force up by the last five elections. I voted against somebody. I didn't want to go. And then I don't want to respond. I think a lot of people voted for bubble last time. Well, they vote for him again in a gap. He's a big enough. I said, somebody has his wife, but at least better than the alternative. He's an anti-Semite. Absolutely. He refused to be though that that amendment in the UN where the Arabs could put a resolution against Israel. That makes an anti-Semite the fact that he personally went over there himself as a good-lane bug president and tried to meet him in the least and put his wife on line. I've been trying to make some of that. So this is what shows me about something you used out there. Just tells me. Is that if somebody isn't completely one-sided with Israel, or if Israel's got anything to do with being Jewish, then right away they're an anti-Semite. So the DNA idea how we did come or said is Christ all mighty. And of course, tell it is anti-Semitic to we knew that. You can notice him true. We knew that somebody made that like what class here. Oh god, and you're talking about the public being stupid, sir. Like I said before, but the AKSmenomets is the same thing with the Israelis and the Palestinians of playgun all of them. That's what I say. All of them. Get out of my face. Get out of my life. Make way for something that means something. Oh no, but you don't understand us. So holy city in the Holy Land here. That's the problem. I do understand it. Twenty two before I think we're going to talk about Cubans, the rest of the next two weeks. Yeah, I certainly get an 90-share. Maybe we'll make sure we'll change the poll. What would you write to talk about? Cubans are the election. Huh? Oh, let me make it one more subtle on that. By Lingulism or the election. Well, you think we'll even be close. You think it's even a goddamn contest? By Lingulism or the goddamn election? Yeah, let's bring what's have Sandy out is what about guests and to go back to get some topics. Let's bring back to a lovely lady Sandy Payton. I would love to come to you. Oh, I'm sorry. How's Anne's body doing honey? Cold. Yeah, just like a female Jeffrey Donner. He's probably got an in there or a freezer somewhere in the box. On ice. What box? Ice box. Twenty two before two at five, sixty, WCOM. That's been a long one, pay Sandy. You stupid bitch. She's the friend of our good buddy, Sherlock. Keep that in mind. Oh, not the baby. Fake. And they all hid it or like poison IOD and Sandy too. Just hands up at UIOD. South board is in probation and sports authority. And welcome back everybody. I can be taken in the air delighted to have a studio this morning. The number one radio broadcaster in the country. Oh, gentlemen, causing statements. New began Senator Lavin. Bernie Algor and I are committed to making America's public schools crumbling classrooms. I have tried the very hard and my credit to back in a way that brings down the institutions of government and each of us individually. And for a while, I was drilling a lot of the dots and the deeper I got that on this up Senator. Thank you, sir. This is secretary George Bush. This is a good man, a non-able man, a man of high taxes. And Governor Bush and I want to inform the social security system so that senior citizens suffer this winter. You'll make a first great president. So, could you do a training? Senator Lavin, thank you. We thank you. 141 at 560 per putting a Zidimah comma. President Clinton, therefore, is one of the year-port after to the Arkansas. President Clinton walks off the plane and down the stairs and makes the onlookers notice that he's carrying two things one under each arm. As he reaches the bottom of the stairs, young Marine standing guard, there's a looseman coming. Beautiful Pidgey had there, sir. Clinton's there's a Marine certainly in response. Well, it means hearing the ordinary one of no Pidgey's, and animals are genuine, Arkansas, razor back hubs, Clinton and Smarter the Pidgey rodents said, I got one for my wife, Hillary and one for my daughter, Chelsea. The Marine's still standing at a pension, so he's going to hit said two excellent trades, that's kind of cute, a little bit older, but that's cute and very accurate too. Well, that's Chelsea. 560, 50560, Pomp 560, on the AT&T, on the Verizon Wireless lines. Here's a mobile and mirror mark, hello. Yes? Yes, sir. Okay, well get a phone at like a real one and a color spot. Put it in can in the swing away and color sound a real phone, maybe or not. Here's a mobile and listen, hello. Yes, sir. Okay. I'm going to talk about the poll. Did he say anybody survived that about the Carians? What? Anybody from bad about the Carians? No. Yeah, I think we're the best. We don't bother anybody. We've got a bother you will make sure you don't never talk again. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. 560, 50560, on the AT&T, on the Verizon Wireless lines. Well, whatever it is, like that kind of. Yeah, green O's. Yeah, let's put green O's on the phone with mirror covered in your face. That's what they were talking about. Here's Margie, hello. Yes, sir. You wanted to speak about bilingualism or the election about speaking about both. One of the greatest growing phenomena. There was a joke. I'm not discussing bilingual. No, not a joke. One of the greatest phenomena in this country. Phenomenon? Yes. Yes. People were speaking in tongues. Phenomenon? It's true. Yeah. People speaking in tongues. I think that sooner or later you're going to see one of the candidates speaking in tongues. They were speaking in tongues. They got a good idea. They got a good idea. They got a good idea. They got a good idea. They got a good idea. They got a good idea. They got a good idea. They got a good idea. They got a good idea. They got a good idea. They got a good idea. They got a good idea. They got a good idea. They got a good idea. They got a good idea. They got a good idea. They got a good idea. They got a good idea. They got a good idea. 145 or 560 or a little bit too much. 560. 560. Nobody came. We've got to hang them up from the steak to the clock. Al Michael's Jim Palmer and Dick Stunken. Here's a mother in Miami, how long? I don't know. Pretty good. Yeah, I don't think you should for quite a while now. I think you have an excellent show. Yes, I do. No, it's my question to you with. Being that you are a kind of person that you are. The kind of you are not a agent. I mean, you have more intelligence than you're a gang or a bush. I think that you and George really should get together and go after and run for the questions. Yeah, okay, great. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I did over 2 million, sir. Here's Papino, hello. Yeah, hi, honey, hi. Okay, okay. My response to the attack and you know where they don't circumcise the attack and so on. Yeah, they can't cut that close to the brain. Okay, I'm out. Okay. Okay, this will be quick and painless. Here's a moment in my room. Yes, yeah. And then a long time with Nure and Baba's 40th time call. But yeah, I was, I did that back in the town and I was in the Bay of the left. You were doing a driving, I guess, a driving comparison to, you know, a patient woman, or whatever. Oh, you, you, you have the old Jews one hand down. Right. Yeah, I'm curious to know why did you put Cubans in that? We did. Yeah, yes, we did. We had, we had, we really did. We had old Jews, old Cubans, and whatever else we had. Haitians? Well, I was actually, I was taking a back that I didn't hear Cubans because it was a back that I not that I haven't even had an engine. Oh, that's obvious, yeah. That same day I was at this yard, I was like, and it's true. I was wondering, I mean, you know the kind that that goes, that don't turn in the intersection. It's sitting so the light changes in this light doesn't change. Is that a, is that like Cubans who do that? Well, I'm not saying I'm saying it, but I'm not saying it. Because I, because I live in the acres, we have no Cuban plantation acres, and their assures will do that all the time by me all the time. All right. Well, I mean, no, I certainly am not, you know, I don't want to come across. No, I understand you. I want to come across as an anti-Cuban, I understand that. Yeah, I actually really do. Well, they were there. But then why do you insist to go on a list? Because I know that it was on the list. Because that day, remember, because that's the day I was going to get my job. Let me say to you one more time. It was on the list. Now you can keep insisting from now until the end of time. Just like insisting they have nothing against Cubans, and we don't believe it on one, do it all. No. So I'm saying the Cuban bashing out. Let's say, what the, I'm going to have Cuban carol invasion Cubans. Staking together. Yeah, that's right. Thank you. Thank you for your will. And we're much more trash. Five, six, seven, five, see you like that. Chmata, yeah. Spent you. Talk about a weather rainy. I'll see you on landing now. Well, a show on a guy named commercial network, sort of like, WAMI! You look sad, Peter though. Here's a mobile and medley. Hello. Hey, Mio. Yes, sir. You're high, you're going. Okay. You're high, you're a show, much trucker. I call you so much time. But not that often, but we know we're at just, we should hear this live. I have a lot of fun, you have a big show. But Mio, all the people I have to do when they go to the park, and they're going to be a good show. Look at Texas. You don't have a good day. Come out. I want to say what's that old saying about? What is it? Something is, what was the first loss of where that goes in? It was worst. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. There's a happy guy. He's trucker, he's life, and he's got a gigland. Somebody's got their finger or their photo, both up in the back. He's having a lot of news, lovin' it. Maybe a feather. Maybe a feather. Maybe a feather. They need a lovely sandy, stuck a little feather in the back. That's what you can't. Mio, Roger show. You'll support radio. Five, sixty. You. A. Two. Five, sixty. One. Two. Two, five. Two. Seven. Seven. Seven. Seven. Seven. Seven. Seven. One. One. One. One. Time life presents Music to Beecher Wife II. Featuring, works for you. I did it. I do. I do. Club you like that. I do. We'll screw you up in the future. Thank you. What's up? We're hungry. When it's time for dishes to come correct, do what the real Hick Wifeseeter do. Listen to Rick. Call time life music today to order your copy of music to Beecher Wife II. Operators are standing by. We know you. I don't forget how to start. That's the 53-56, the WQAN here is a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I'm just calling to find out, what's your belief? What do you believe in? Your Christian Jewish Muslim, what do you believe in? You don't believe in your books. What do you follow on the? How do you find it? What do you follow on the why you? I'll guarantee that I do not follow on to you. Do you believe in God? No, I do not. What do you believe in? It is very God. No. Thank you. Okay, welcome. Well, I was easy. Okay, I was able to help him. I should always do that easy. Right. Here's a mobile in Pompano. How old? Hey Neil. That was an instant conversion yesterday. One time since his day today's business about the third call. Great job. You know, I sort of don't blame people for just going on personality because the issues are so clouded all the time anyway. They don't know what to believe. They are. Like putting fascist justices on the Supreme Court and all the federal judges and about a cloudy issue seems pretty basic. Like black and white to me. What some of you like the tax talks and all that's all lot of double talks. So if that's the case, take the simple ones that are like black and white that are very easy. But there's a tremendous difference of opinion and there's a one to pick. Well, that's true. I don't know if I can follow on to. Or the fact that George Bush is the main contributors. People like the pharmaceutical companies and the tobacco companies and the NRA. I mean, that's your tell you where the people should put them out coming from. If you are in the 50 half of the factors that come in here from the Bush people, they hit your right wing psychotic stick redneck factors, then they understand what pushes all about who the people are behind them. Exactly. No, I agree with you. I agree with you. But the thing that really illustrated to me, I don't know if anybody mentioned that PBS specialists they had on Gore and Bush. No. Well, it was on right around the same time as the last debate. So obviously nobody got the lot. Nobody watches PBS anyway. I'm telling you, we went from childhood on up where you can really see what they're about. And George Bush was just he was just a party animal right. He just a spoon fed bread that's all he is. We need to elect a real estate from now. Okay. Okay. That's why five six seven or five six. There's a couple more for you. Are you both people that get real fat and complication now? I saw over he's a funder to the head and the polls. And when we also said, don't get through by those CNN polls. I told you that last week. I'll say it every day. Don't get sucked in by those right wing Gallop polls and you're nothing. Absolutely nothing. In fact, when there's 150 other polls now, I'll show you within two, three, four points. And when the Gallop polls show him Bush, 10 and 11 points ahead. What is that, Ted? Yeah. Because he's seven's rotten. Oh, in Atlanta. Here's Miramar. Hello. Miramar. Miramar. Okay. Good. Good. Okay. When he who? Here's another West Palm. Hello. Mobile and my job. Yes sir. Yeah. I kind of this way. Yes. I couldn't leave without saying goodbye. 14 years of listening to you. And I'm on my way to a California. Bye. Bye. Bye. Bye. So I think way. And I'll try and catch you on the next. Okay. Good luck, your pal. Thanks a lot. Okay. She had an alas where until she was still hating herself. 560, 50560, 560 on the AP and Verizon Wireless Live. 33,680 for pan-periative so far. Out of best of the LCD's cassette and those NITD key chains. Which you can get on a website at theorg.com. And W2AM.com. And all your specs, yours, and so forth. And the NAPOs and Ford Myers as well. I've got this in using cassette. And to where you're going to be doing some appearances. Here's some other little video. Hello. Hey Neil, are you going to be... He had done some meetings around town. Hello. Okay. Yes. Neil is a proud fan of Compton, my vocal guitar. And I'm converting one of these old videos. Just gotten a listen to your program again. So far. Uh huh. I listen to all these people have their schmet together today. No. I don't know. This is much of a weird Monday. I think it's a full moon out there. But the plomma just left the house and he had a full moon. Anyway, back to this election. You know, if it's really fine, we're running for office. We do have the three switches. Okay. Great. Here's a mobile online house point. Hello. That's how you doing. Okay. I've written for a long time first time caller. I don't like either candidates. But I can take this. I'm a single male. I make 33,000 a year. And there's no tax relief in the go uplands for single male. Making 33,000 a year. I just found this out. That 60 cents a day in a bush plant is going to really help you put you over the top. But I'm a, you know, I'm a registered Democrat. I'm the same one. Let me say again, that 60 cents a day in a bush plant is really going to put you over the top. Sir. I don't know. All right. Okay. I don't know. See, where there's no senses, no feeling. And there's that sound again. There's that thing on the phone again. We have more problems. What's it to do? It's got something to do with this phone. The official night, those callers were starting to attack. Or they don't you don't you remember many, many months ago we're getting the new one.