560 QAF-2V, all 567, all 560, whole free and date and grow. All 560 on your cell phone. These things of the oldest guest and colors. You met necessarily representatives of the B&C broadcast group. All of that. Advertising the agency. Now, here's Neil Roger on 560 QAF. I'm dying on the way. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm going to get my keys. I'm running from the end of the storm to rain. I'm on a diet. There's a pussa for you. It's my job. All right. I'm on a diet. I'm on a diet. I'm on a diet. I'm on a diet. I'm on a diet. I'm on a diet. I'm on a diet. I'm in a diet. I'm in a diet... If more people say don't me, The life life of a woman, Like this is a beauty for you. All the time, all the time. All the time. All the time. All the time. All the time. All the time. So let me ask you one question what do we do now? I don't know. I'm seriously what the hell are we going to do now? I don't know. Come to work this morning. I was up till 2, 20 in the morning. So all of that was so, we're going to send these beef first and then breakfast leads and rather came on about the 10 seconds after what the clearing GW to the winner. At that point he was 48,000 votes ahead in Florida, alleged, allegedly at 2pm in a morning. I get up this morning, I turn on CNN in about the 715 and they're going, uh, I don't know. Yeah, like that. By the beat by the moon, by the moon and all of a sudden instead of a bush with 2701 electoral votes, the bush got to 60 bushes still stuck there at 246, all of a sudden, which is meaningless as two post to call yet. That's meaningless. And it all like I told you yesterday comes down to Florida, the only probable one I told you yesterday, I had no idea. You see, when we had several clubs yesterday, including the one woman that kept repeating it over and over and I got impatient with it. But now it's hard to comprehend unless you see it. And they showed it again this morning and they showed it last night several times, the Palm Beach County ballots. Now let's face it. The old the enters in Century Village there, in Senator E. Village, they were a little bit confused, you know? I don't know. Well, I do. And it's clear as a bell because when you look at the breakdown in the state, first of all, let me say this, Bill Nelson wins the Senate race by five points. Now you can say, okay, some of the Nelson people probably were the native people and by the way, for you native people, nice going. Just like that, for big hits, you did not get anywhere near a five percent nation, why? You do not get your 12 million dollars. You do not pass gold, collect a goddamn dime, but you did screw up the election if it turns out this way. But less than 2 percent inflow to the native people screw up. Yeah, F.U. that's what we saved the native people. For ego, for ego of a craggy old tired man, you screwed up the election maybe. But anyway, I'm looking at the end of the newspaper this morning and I'll be finally got to total results for you, Canon. Now, if you can and statewide got a little less than 0.3 percent, not 3 percent, 0.3 percent. In Brewer County, he got 0.2 percent. In Bay County, he got, well, say I got no or no, he's got less. Look at this, 0.09 percent. That's 9 tenths, no, it's 9 hundredths of 1 percent. Yeah, that's right, 9 hundredths of 1 percent. Not even a tenth of a point. But in Palm Beach County, he gets 8 tenths of a point. He may not sound all that significant, but the fact is he can Palm Beach County gets 3,407 votes. Now, what is that translate to? Well, let me tell you this, you look around the other counties. For example, in the Broward, you can get 79 and provide 570 in Hillsborough 845. And of course, they're in Bay, 561, keeping in mind that you have a lot of right wingers in Bay County, I don't want to say who they are. And number 2, they're county is like half again as biggest Palm Beach. In terms of people who voted, but in Palm Beach County, mysteriously 3,407 votes for Pat and Man in. So when that lady called in hysterical yesterday, we had several other calls about the fact that the ballot. And how can you have a statewide election? A national election and a statewide election, where there's a difference from county to county. I can understand they got a lot of different issues on the ballot. On other pages, maybe they add on other pages. But the idea that they should have the candidates for president on two different pages. So that here's GWV, shine line 1. Here on the opposite page across from it, online 2 is Pat Buchanan and back online 3 with a gap in the middle on the left hand page. Here's Al Gore. Well, just kind of logical. You would assume that line 2 would be Al Gore. And a lot of people punch online 2, not realizing that they were punching opposite Buchanan who was on the page across on the right hand page. Confusing as best unacceptable at worst, an addition of which Al Gore is going to win the national popular vote. There is no question about that. The margin keeps shrinking a little bit every hour, but they're getting close to the end of over 100 million votes cash. And Gore is going to win by about 230,000 votes. Popular vote. More time was it about 10 to late, I think last night that they came out with the thing Florida goes to Gore. Put it up on the map. Then here's Michigan goes to Gore, finally Pennsylvania goes to Gore and people are going like, oh right, the group people like me looks pretty good. Then all of a sudden they showed W there, sitting with his plan, the bush plan in that hotel. And he seemed awfully cool and confident in it on the phone with his connections down here. Oh yeah, well he's confident. They got a big lead in the vote. They're votes coming in from that upper or central part, which of course they weren't coming in from up there. Most of the day in Broward by that point, and he hardly been counted at all, which we had that staggering turnout all over the country and all, let's say why especially in a special day in Broward over 80%. Almost 90% previously the one preaching in dear field beach, 98% of voters in dear field beach. You know who those people are? Oh, that's right. That is correct. So you've already got, now I realize people are going to talk about the 30,000 ballots. And I should point out right away because a lot of people are working in their cars. There's an automatic recount for people are wondering what the hell do we do now? Well, we know this. The Division of Elections in Tallahassee says the law mandate when it's this close when it's this suspicious that the automatic recount has to take place. And it must be completed by the end of business day tomorrow. Not today by the end of business day tomorrow, since I you know, have the apartment over an Amsterdam, I spend a lot of time over there. I do send mail back and forth across the pond. That can take up to two weeks, sometimes more. So the 30,000 absentee ballots, which they say most of my military and Bush will do very well with those and there is no doubt about that. But that could take weeks for those to come in. The real question is how is it that when I went to bed at 220 in the morning and all of that was sort of clearing GW Bush as the president he was allegedly 48,000 votes ahead in Florida. And at that point that was 98% of the police say it's counted. And then I wake up this morning and it comes back and back I have a fact here that says what time was it that it was a at 345 a.m. he was ahead by 244 votes. You know what I'm saying? Okay, hang on, we get you all on the phone people obviously have something to say. I'm going to say that you're 10 at 5.50 QM. No question of the program they do these to be for that. You know, written commission at W2M, BC by TechSlicon Corporation. Now they just showed, they just showed on CNN that ballot again and they left it on there long enough that you really had a talk about the Palm Beach County ballot. And I wish I wish we had TV for just 30 seconds so I could demonstrate to you just how grotesque it is. They have packed you can reform party on the second page here the two pages laying their flat on those little up two prongs. And Bush is on top. You can and it's kind of like just slightly below to the right and then roar is underneath bush. The problem is that there are two little places to punch. And they're both both within the square of where groves name is. Now they do have little tiny arrows, but if you don't have the greatest eyesight, it took me like 30 seconds to notice how you're supposed to tell. So if you punch the one above the bottom one assuming that you're voting for go on assuming, which I'm sure a lot of people wrote that he should be number two on a ballot. Since it's basically a two man race. Then you're really voting for be cannon. This is why Palm Beach County vote was totally bogus. Totally bogus. There's a lady mobile implantation. Hello. Lady members. Well she's waiting for the phone to catch up. She's been on her long time. Hello. And I'm hanging out with this turned on my radio. I'm on the treadmill. You know, leave it so forward. I just screwed things up. Right? Other things are just of thinking that you corn had won his home state. He would be president right now. That was a sudden 270 one. Well that's true. That's true. But he didn't. Okay. Well, listen, your phone's clap it out and go back in the work it on. Here's our poor question for today. Do you believe the results of the election for our honest? Yes, no, or don't know. You believe the results of the election in Florida are honest. Yes, no, don't know. And you really can't blame the people for it because they turned out, I'm not blaming some of those native people. But they turned out in massive numbers, record breaking numbers. Did it help a job? The dark folks showed up. The women showed up. Two of us had read old two men showed up. I mean, every constituency respect. Everybody showed up. They could want. But somewhere along the line, there is a stench of commoners that emanates from this whole thing. Back in fourth and up and down a woman is 48,000 votes and out 224. Just like the thing between a lame blooming play shot. I went to bed. Elaine Bloom was five votes ahead out of about a half a minute. Five votes ahead. And as of this morning, I still don't know what will happen with that. Because the newspaper is a core, you see, that's one of the problems you people are in newspaper business. I understand that like live radio or TV, but you have a deadline. The hell put out an addition. I wonder why didn't get my hell to 730 this morning. Usually they're about five or five o'clock. If it out there first edition, it said Bush win. So that in New York Post couple of other papers. So then I guess they had like, call all those back and say, oh, I don't know if it was. We screwed up and then they came up with the new one that says, Not over yet. I think that they had three different versions and the final one, at least in Broward, my paper says not over yet, Bush lead and Florida dissipates, vanishes in the thin air. And let me say it again. If you missed the numbers, how many officials of the most are in accept for this? And those people are keep talking about absentee ballots. All the absentee ballots that were cash within the state locally. Those have all been counted. The only ones that haven't been counted are really roughly 30,000 overseas absentee ballots. If you remember for years ago, everybody thought that buddy McKay, even as much of a Yahoo as you want. Buddy McKay at one at Cunningham and the Senate at Cunningham actually won because, by later in the week, about four or five days later, sure enough, here come those absentee ballots, Cunningham at Cunningham. And they said, hey buddy, bye-bye. 1785 is the latest difference. Bush ahead of Gore and Florida, 1785 out of six million votes. 1785. And I'll say it again. And I realized that the absentee ballots from overseas may make it a move point. They may put Bush away over the edge if you assume that the other votes from the state were honest, which I don't know so. That's why I'm asking that poll question. Oh, fact, uh, son, I'm not sure yet. But we do know it's gotta be this common sense tells you that at least 2,500 and probably close to 3,000 bogus votes that what are the people trying to vote for Gore who want to voting for Papuaíman in Palm Beach? And whoever came up with that in Bob Ballant in Palm Beach, Cunningham, that person should be in jail. I mean, talk about voter fraud. Talk about ineptitude. Talk about just doing your best to screw up the populace. That's just unbelievable. Tragedy. I don't know. We had to set our pages because there was all the, well, the next year page. You can make as many pages on there as you want. You just keep turning the pages and you punch your whole fucking see that. Here's what waterdale. Hello. Anyhow, you done? No, I don't know. We did it to Elaine Dwarnt to give her a victory speech before the whole thing was done, huh? Well, how do it come out? We have a, uh, for sure. Well, I call that channel 4 and they said that that place I want. By how much? They didn't say they said it might have a weekend on that too. No, it's really funny. We will watch your chat. Yeah. Hey, that's the lady or ladies who ever called you that that thing in Palm Beach. If I touched the long long, uh, match, I would have gotten someone over to me and, uh, problem that I made a mistake. Good. I, but you don't understand. You don't know that you're making a mistake. You have no way of knowing that. Well, how do they know they made a mistake then? Because because now that it's been discussed afterward, you're showing it in addition to what you see, they must have made a mistake because you can. It's got 3,400 votes in Palm Beach County and he's doing like, a couple hundred here and a couple hundred there. Do we have the county in the state? Well, it's not 100% sure that people made a mistake then. You're just, that's okay. Okay, sir. To you. No, it's not 100% sure. It is 110% sure. I mean, if you can't even agree on that, then there's no point in talking to you. You're a jackass. I mean, here, girl, and, and I'm one of those for years, I've said, get rid of the electoral colleges. It's an activism. It's an Islamic. It's a very ridiculous. And it's still a little bit very exciting and a little bit a cliffhanger. And either way, any reasonable person would have been willing to abide by. But, who, in fact, Bush was ahead by 600,000 votes most of the night until, especially the California votes started coming in, which has got, you know, that's your mind just population out there. And that's kept getting closer and closer. And now I'll go up to about a quarter of a million. And he still 200 and 31,000 there in the popular vote. But for God's sake, this electoral college that basically says that if you live in a big state, your vote means more than if you live in Delaware or in New Hampshire or in Maine or in any other little, a bump for a state. Well, what kind of crap is that? It's supposed to date one man or one person, I guess we say now, one person, one vote. With an equal value. Oh, the Florida's got 25 electoral votes and the California's got it. Who the hell cares? Talk about campaign reform. That's got to be the first thing that happened is get rid of the electoral college. Now, say bye-bye to it. Here's a mobile and fort-lovered deal. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil. You, your think came through with all these people vote for Nader. When have been better if God's going, maybe offering some sound as cabinets, so that he could have brought him in a hole and maybe got the votes that he needed? No. How about out? Why would he do that? Well, being in an innovation in which Nader was not in any negotiating mood. He became more and more hostile and more and more adamant and more and more on an ego trip. And the fact is, the overwhelming majority of people around the country, the Nader vote pretty much evaporated in the last few days. But he got here for you. Huh? I said except here. Oh, no, not a week. 87,000 votes. No, he got 97,000. All right. 97,000 votes. And that's the difference in the auction. Well, the difference is 1700, so you figure it out. Yeah, he got 4% in Oregon, which is why it's sold too close to call there. And he then reshrewed it up and was constantly got 4% there. So I'll say it again. Just what I thought. He didn't do one or not to get his 5%. He did not get his $12 million. He's not going to get one penny in federal matching funds. He didn't prove a goddamn thing other than he's a crushing old homogenous. Who doesn't give a crap about anybody else beside himself. And like I tried desperately to tell people, he doesn't even endorse the hurt platform of the green party. It wasn't about the green party. Wasn't about a third party. Or was about before him. It was about half-nader. A pectoral and oral man on an ego trip. But everybody, nothing you can do about that. Those votes are out there. For whatever they are good, better or worse. And you can't really prove who they were going to vote for. Although they have pretty good idea. Most people who voted for native, would not be voting for Al Gore. I mean for George Bush. What's all my shame? I'm so confused. I was up till 2.30 in the morning. Went to bed thinking, Wow, okay. Whatever day it is, there is D.W. We'll survive it. And we'll survive worse. No. Well, I'm supposed to. Here's 10 book times. And how you doing? Okay. I was sleeping right here in temper time. Yeah. And I was flipping between all the networks ABC, B.S. and B.C. and so on. Yeah, I was too. How? I mean, one didn't have to Mexico. Yes, one didn't have to party yet. One didn't have this yet. Right. And then it came up later on and using about 10 book times. About about 10 book times. About about 20. About about 20. And all the problems that they were having. And then now you wake up this morning. And you hear that there's all this room just going on between the motion, the goal party, about the congratulations. And then there was a confrontation at the dimension that nobody commented on. So it just shows you that the whole election is just one big. Pilot. Your friends, you can smell them. In fact, if you open up your window this morning, just put your nose out there. You can smell them. Yeah. Well, thanks, Neil, and God help us all. Good luck to all. Here's the fact that Jason of course, this is just anybody can write this stuff. But it's, it's, it's really that the ballot was designed by Jim Bush's secretary for what it's worth. Oh, oh, oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. They were on the phone with their connections down here. I wonder how many dead people wrote at this time. I guess maybe just enough to make sure that the margin was safe until we get those ballots coming in the mail. And of course, that's the only option to be ballot as well. We don't want to question anybody in, in technically doing so. When I look at this. Look at this. Now it's 249 to 246. They've just taken, I guess, which constant away from going, given it's still on design and the things we're hopping here last night. Well, not now. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. What is that? Now I just, I would ever sit at a tape from last night. I don't know. It must be, uh, instant replay. Now we got it back. Wow. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. I just like to let you know of another screw up with the poultry from in Tamarack. Okay. My wife went down to vote yesterday. Now we just moved back to Fort Lauderdale, roughly about about three months ago. And she submitted her address change to get her new voters registration card for Tamarack. Right. On one to half a go. Well, she, we both submitted at the same time. I got mine. She didn't get her. So she went up there to say, hey, look, I need to catch my vote. You know, what do I need to do? I haven't gotten my, my card. The people on Tamarack go, oh, we have to make a phone call over to voters to the, uh, voter check orders to get permission to allow you to vote. Well, the lady comes back and said, oh, the phone lines are down. You're not, you're not going to be able to vote. The phone lines are down. The phone lines are down. And you're not going to be able to vote and hand it to your account. And she said, you want to come back if, if you want to come back and check, but I, the phone's up and down for hours. And here's King Carol's number. You can call it a mile and figure out which one with your, which one with your address change. Unbelievable. So she wasn't allowed to vote for Gory, extra. Now how many people did that happen to? We'll find out. We had one of those yesterday, way to guy who was like, they were, they were, I've had three people in there waiting with her, waiting for them to get in contact with people. So they were allowed to vote yesterday. Yeah, I think we, I think we had to do it all over again and for the, let's do it again. I agree with you. I totally agree that. I mean, I, that's not going to happen, but let's do it again. Let's do it again. She wasn't allowed to go to West Palm and vote because she's required to vote in the district that she lived in at that time. So she couldn't go to West Palm even though we, we were just living there three months ago. She wasn't allowed to drive to West Palm the cash of vote. I know, you're not allowed to vote there. Yeah. Okay, good luck to West Palm. All right, thanks. Cost your fingers in your legs and your eyes. Yeah, here, thanks, Rich. Rich, who did vote correctly? Facts as me, a copy confused. And Palm Beach County polls. Some Algor supporters may have mistakenly voted for Pat Buchanan because of the ballots, the third hole on the ballot. And here's the picture for anybody. Now hold it up. Look at your speaker. There it is. The two holes, hole number two at hole number two. Can we say that? No. I'll right next to the Algor and that box. Oh my god, only in four of them. Only in a God forsaken half a hat. And what the, oh, how do you like to deal with? I started about one third year morning when they were talking about the fact that, Oh, well, they, they're, they're, they're, they're, they're right in the round try to find the guys who got these boxes of all these ballets in Brewer County. You know, Yeah, they had a send out of search party to find thousands and thousands of ballets in Brewer days of like one third year in the morning. Yeah, You didn't see that cherry sandwich was on there going, but meet them, like that. Come on, get after 10 or 5 60 kilos. I'm going on the way. We have 10, 10 seconds. It's the tower. Hold 10, or that. We're in the middle. All the tolls, the stack stands to the edge about the going next door. The old dry. Or half a mile away. Where? And the two sheets of a week. And the road can't lie. Oh, well, There's no way ever. We've been had in the wrongs in Brewer County. And now and two, Leave the breakfast. And the toss of notes. And the air flow. And down the church, It turns out to terribly well. Pull the mall. And the sidewalks, sales from your hand. And your lap can't sell. So you're free. We're going to booming there. They won't be faulty, I'm still in the house. And you will soon find your true future. I'm still in the house. I'm still in the house. I'm still in the house. And I'm still in the house. I'm still in the house. We never had a doctor, we have an island to leave the prison. We've come on over, and don't look, and help me. I'm the Jersey Jones Act to tell her I owe them all to them. And the sidewalks sales from your head, as you have to nail through your frame. We've all been a boom in your day, those day they won't say it all day. Down south, you head, hanging, said there's a town, a cold town, a wreck, razor-div. All the cold, the sack and a torch about the going next door. We're down south, you're in the red, and hanging, said there's a town, a room, a cold town, a wreck. We're down south, you're in the red, and hanging, said there's a town, a room, a cold town, a room, a cold town, a room, a cold town, a wreck. We have 50-45-60-52M. We need Johnny Motors, let's pick up the old service and onto Johnny Motors' screen. We was wrong, because I think we weren't. I heard the fact that this exit post and Florida show grew up by six points. That's why the networks called the raise early. And I do understand that this state has this ignored the number of absentee balance, which we're heavily in favor of Bush and we had a couple of colors that kept reminding us of that everyday. But when the Bureau of Elections in Tallahassee doesn't know how many absentee balance they send out, something's rotten in Denmark. Absentative balance don't just show up under your door. They don't fall out of a tree somewhere, whether it's a citrus tree or not. You have to acquire an absentee balance. People have to be quite thin. And you think if there's any validity in the ocean at all, the people in Tallahassee have to know that number. The people in each county have to know that number. How many absentee balance have you sent out? Is that rocket science? I don't think so. Pretty basic. And then all of a sudden, I don't know where. Well, originally there was Santa Rosa many as first it was 350,000. Then it was a half a million. And then it about one third in the morning when all those shenanigans who's going on. Well, you know, another thing, maybe as many as possible, a million absentee balance in Florida. That's counting the ones overseas. You think there's a little bit of difference between 350,000 and almost a million on one route think so. In this God-for-sacient state. Here's the fact that just throughout the state the balance did not all look alike. Only in Palm Beach is reported about what's different in the appearance. The widely reported confusion of voters in Palm Beach caused mistaken candidates selection. Why not do the democratic thing to do and avoid the Palm Beach County election result? And repeat the election process in Palm Beach County using the same balance forms of reused in the balance of the state. To which I say, ah, yeah, of course they're not going to do that. I don't know how you do that. I think they just ought to avoid the whole goddamn election and do it all over again nationwide. Just do the whole thing over. And again, there's no provision for doing that. And if they do throw it into the house or into the congress, it's going to wind up with Bushwin in because the old congress and the new one, whichever one you pick whichever one you like to buy is the book Republican. And certainly there's a great proponent to state the voters for Bush as opposed to the number states the girl one. You got it? I don't know. Here's Boko. Hello. Hey, now I'm going. Great. Hey, got a couple things for you. You know regardless of who ends up winning. Yes, the one thing that was clear is that the media remains to look like fools on this old thing. Yeah. Mars calling Florida. Well, it's not the first time to tap and I've seen that before. Well, obviously it ends up being a bunch of Penn State. You know, being the one that we're all waiting for. Yeah. Another thing, you made a comment about the vote camp before you turned in for the night. Uh huh. That Bush been up almost 50,000. 40,000. So don't you think if anybody is going to be concerned, it would be the Republicans as far as, you know, how how did that gap close so quickly in that short of time? That's what I'm saying. Because I have a fact here and it's after a long after I went to bed. The 345 that a morning all of a sudden they took Bush on a, they took Florida on the Bush column because it's readed about the 224 votes. Sure. So any any suspicions? How do you lose over 48,000 votes in an hour and 25 minutes, which is from the time I went to bed and they were showing 98% of the votes counted. How did you lose? In other words, first of all, there couldn't have been much more than that many votes to be counted. And grow what I had to get every one of them, which is ridiculous. Because a lot of more coming in from Daytona, Valuesia County, they were all from data brow. But I was on to percent by that point. Right. So that's anything. I think that cast the little suspicion on the Democrats. On the Democrats? Sure. How do you figure that? Well, it's, you know, how could, you know, Bush has that gap closed. You can still, here's the point that you're missing. And it, can I say it? Sure. And that is this. If you're going to, if you, if you can erase 46,000 votes, why would you erase 48? Why would you come up with 52? Sure. So they have a lead. I mean, that doesn't make any sense. I got you. The logical thing is that he was never head by 48,000 votes in the first place. Okay. And what were those boxes of ballots doing? Spend driven around all over Daytona, Values County until 2015 in the morning last night. So, you know, there's just one comment I did go to Palm Beach County. Yeah. I got a sample ballot ahead of time. Right. So I knew that that two page format for the presidential thing was coming. And when I mark up the sample ballot, I just circle the numbers and then when I get in there, I'm just on your numbers. Right. That's that point. I could see how somebody could have gotten confused. They want to face it. That. And you know, flip the silence into the other one and said. But, you know, again, if you just kind of voted by the numbers and you got a sample ballot, you shouldn't have had any problem. But based on the way, you can't have both came in and Palm Beach County, certainly. 3400 in seven votes. Now, we've got the most he got in the state in any count. The next time it was Pinellas County, a 1,012, most of the counties are in the state. We had 500, 600, the 76561 in date County. 551 in date County. 3400 in Palm Beach County. And we've got in the case of 200,000 less folks showed up to vote. Interesting. Well, depending on how the affancy comes in, I guess what you said before, will be true. I think let's just call the whole thing on. I hear you. Okay. Back now. Let's stick with Bubba. Or do we have a number by the way? nephew. Do we have any kind of a number? We're used to forget about that. R212. Oh, he said that, but since we get the election results, we'll also get the number from specs. How much we got for Pinellas County? Joe Costello on the QMV, will be at the SIPCO gas station at 50 Southeast 8th Avenue in Highly, from noon to 2 today. With the best of your CDs, key change in teachers, free passes to the Bobby La Bante luncheon at the Outback Steakhouse in Kettledamau from noon to PM. Bobby La Bante must be a race car guy, or Joe would be involved. And also, for tickets to the last four days, see you told it at the home set-mini way. noon to 2 today, our good buddy Joe Costello is the SIPCO gas station. 50 Southeast 8th Avenue in Highly, or they voted for that city. Oh, no, nobody knew anything about it. They said, oh yeah, we like it. Just like that, we like that bullet train too. We didn't know where the money's coming from. But yeah, we'll vote for it. The Neil Roger show, the sports radio, 560's, you, hey. All of you said you got Jesse on and you said, in color half of it. Yeah, he said if it doesn't sit your fullishment, something like that. Here's a person who factors this person's balance took four tries to get hooked in properly, so they could just pick it in their right. And there's nothing worse than that happened. Here's one that says the Ed in Palm Beach, other than Palm Beach County, a boat in the precinct in the small golf and country club community filled with your publicans. When I went to cash my balance for Gore, I almost voted for Papi Cannon. I'm 48, have good eyesight. When I started the punch to ballot, I noticed that the whole wasn't quite lined up at the Libriman. That's when I became aware I was about to close the cash vote for the Ed, if you can. When I put my balance in the box, I told the lady who might know that I almost made a mistake because of the way it was laid out. He simply smiled and said there wasn't anything that could be done about it. It didn't surprise me here with a trouble this morning. And in election, this close to this important, they should make sure they get the damn thing right. Something should be done, though, although I know it's a pipe dream, it's a, okay, I'm glad it's happy birthday. It's actually led. Also, here's somebody that stayed up until five this morning or beyond, and said they had some legal experts on there. So-called experts. Who said that since the Florida vote is fishy and Gore won the popular vote, a judge could rule a selection in Gore's favor. So say, I mean, that doesn't make it so because some legal guy said that, but he ended judge. But democratic judge. Hang in judge. A paid off judge. Just like if I did the judge in Missouri, he said, oh yeah, let him say open the 11 o'clock and say, well, if that's where all the sparkers are. I didn't help. And of course, they didn't. You see, that's that was a nice try. See, this is supposed to be a great exercise in democracy and they finally get everybody, even though nobody was supposed to care this time. And there were two really crappy candidates, which I would agree with that. For crappy candidates. And the never-lossed people said, okay, we're going to get fired off and pissed off and go out to even me and do something. Even at damn normal, can't hold it, I bet. We're a good boy. But only one. Yes. We have a boy. Listen, it appears that there are a number of people, like one of your earlier co-workers, that say they pre-registered and showed up in West Proud, precincts like Amarac and the wanted to vote for Al Gore, but we told they could not vote. And they showed up and we told that they were not on the roles when they had registered. Those people that like that last call, should call this number to make their claim. What's going to happen is they're going to have to post their name and numbers so their allegations can be explored and investigated. And the number to call is in the 954 area code. 141, 2000. Certainly, we're looking to call you and say it on the year to you. And to make it a valid claim, they need to call 141, 2000, and they will refer to the right people to explore and investigate the validity of their claims. And then what? Then the day they get a chance to vote, I mean, they can check and see if they voted or not. Well, what we have is a number of people that showed up in West Proud precincts to vote for Al Gore and we told they could it. And individuals are trying to amass and gather these people because if they are going to be a recount and whether there is going to be a recount. And I'll write now. Just going the course of this recount and the individuals who feel they should have been given a right to vote, we're not given a right to vote. Then they're going to possibly explore legal options for those people. So it's not enough to just call on the year. No, I realize it. I think you have the call and give their name and number. Now what about the the Palm Beach situation with the screwed up balancer and between the 3400 most of which will bogus be cannon votes? Well, I'm I'm I'm just listening to a congressman, a rexler on MFNBC and watch the and seen a picture with ballot and it's clear that those ballots are so confused right. And the numbers are so, uh, skewed and absurd and they could be any greater irony than they have a religious district that would have clearly gone for Gore that a lot of those ballots were going for Buchanan in the era. The question is what kind of remedy would have to be fashioned to correct that? And that will be up to some individual entity or organization to file some sort of legal action and ask their court to fashion judicial relief if any is appropriate. I don't know what the remedy would be at this point, but it's clear. And it's ironic in an election that in the state overall is that this point, $1,700 to $2,3,000 votes to be other way clearly with swing at the Gore and clearly in that district it would have been Gore votes. So if it's night the up to a judge ultimately to determine that that ballot was so confusing that it caused people to make an error entirely, but the question is what kind of remedy you can fashion out of that and I just don't know yet. I don't think anybody knows because you're never hanging like this ever. I don't know. There hasn't been anything like it ever, but it's one of the things that could clearly be cured is that there are a number of people who say they should have been allowed or right to vote and were not given or right to vote. And apparently there are many people like that in the West Broward which could have been clearly Gore country. So those people should call $4,000, $1,000 and share that story with those people that are in the phone's there. Okay. Let's see, look at this, a Nader in two may race, Gore and the voted $47,21 for Gore in two may race. They're doing the exit poll on who you would voted for the Nader people. Shut up. But in any rate, so $40,000, in other words, about two thirds, right? So they take two thirds of the 96,000, 97,000 votes. The Nader got here only $1,7% but nevertheless, almost 100,000. It's like $60,000, $60,000 to $35,000. That would be $20,000,000, about advantage for Gore there. That could overcome even the difference in those out of the country, out of this world. I think we got some coming into some outer space. However many it takes that's how many are coming in. And for the guy before, there was given you a son to dance about how it looks real better when the Democrats were able to cut the margin from $48,000. So the Democrats aren't in control of the machinery of this state at the moment. Last time I checked, we had a Republican governor Republican legislature. They're the ones who pull all the strings. I'm not suggesting that any of those sheriffs, because they were driving around, wandering around one through the morning, look, I mean, what kind of a system is that anyway? Kind of like playing at the ingredient trust. Pick up the balance, the boxes full of all our ballots, and trust to make sure that all of them are going to wind up there. You know what I'm saying? And the longer the lay is, it makes you kind of wonder, if they're sitting around, just like some of the mailmen do you know, picking through the mail. Oh, here's a couple of good social security checks, that looks good. I'll take those. I'll take this one. Yeah. Here's somebody who says I'm a darky and eye-voted. I was just watching WEDR and Senator Kerry Meeks said they found ballot boxes and several districts that are in black neighborhoods in a couple of brownies. They found ballot boxes. The numbers, the media are giving out to the public are incorrect. It's not a difference of 1700. It's only 262 votes apart. I smell something very fishy, and it's their dark complexed friend. How do you like that? They found ballot boxes. They'd be under somebody's desk. Yeah, I'm just somebody's desk, there may be in the toilet somewhere. Maybe in the rain, I don't know. They're just hanging around here and there. And thank God that this happened in the state that we can trust a lot. We don't have dead people voting, and we never have a fixed election here and floor. Yeah. If you voted on a poll, you might want to be checking because we made it a change the wording on it because I much of you understand it's about the Florida election. You believe the election is also in Florida, honest. 42 no, probably as five don't know. Five say, I don't know. But there's still a lot to apply for. Can't figure it out. I'm a crack. Seven still undecided under turn and just took those to call for a friend. Okay, here's the call from Miami. Hello. Good morning, New York. Yes, sir. Okay. You know, listen, I was listening to you and MPR radio this morning was reporting missing ballot boxes. And for you know, the people that say that the vote doesn't count, the vote does count. And I spoke to people yesterday that said, you know, I didn't vote for whatever reason. And I mean, that could certainly make a difference as well. Are you to be a Republican? And I voted for our goal work. And I remember it along the Reagan said how you used to be a Democrat and how the Republican party had left him behind. Right. Man, actually the same way. It is amazing. I called the White House at 202, 45614. They said to speak to your local election board. Now that's like leaving the Fox and charge of the chicken. Right. That's why I think called done call you on TV. You can see the state about. With all of the things that we have seen here in Florida and the things that we've seen here locally. And Miami, Miami, Miami, Miami, Miami, Miami. It's just amazing. It's significant. And of course, keep in mind that the ballot, the boxes of ballots, evidently, at least from this one factor, that are kind of expanding now, are from black neighborhoods. Now blacks in Florida voted for, and go 93% to 7%. 93%. So you're talking about botched full of grovels that are out there floating around somewhere. This reflection has been historic. I read today in the Miami-Herald. One that I was able to see that results and turnout has not been seen like this since 1916. A little bit before my time. But nevertheless, the historic proportion. I mean, the people need to make some phone calls and they need to stand up. And they need to be heard and they need to be counted. They really do because it's amazing. And an election like this, you know, is very important. And then, okay, give it a pal. Thank you, Neil. Here's the fact that says we must tell everyone in Palm Beach County to facts. H509223969 and complain about the ballot. It is urgent. Please spread the word now. Now, there are stupid people seeing here. And you know, somebody don't have to be stupid. I realized that the elderly, you know, maybe their eyesight is not that good. Maybe they're a little bit more like a few steps slower. Maybe they are stupid, but there's a lot of stupid younger people too. But if there are people who have voted for be cannon, set of the choice score, help get the word of it is urgent. Facts that number are complain about the ballot in Palm Beach. H509223969. But you know, when all of a sudden done, and even a legal legal legal like norm there, and the alleys that they have, if you get talked to 100 different lawyers now, and they're different experts, they're all going to tell you 100 different things. Because nobody knows the trouble we see. I don't know exactly. You believe the election results in Florida honest. 82 votes in the absence of a change of statement of the go. 62 say no. 13 yes. 7 say. I don't know. McConnell said for years that nobody has ever lost their seat, because of campaign finance reform. I think it's very arguable. I didn't Delaware. Okay. Florida, we count to end Thursday. So I'll say to get a case you missed the beginning, you can drive it around. They automatically buy law when it's this close. Have to have a leak count. And they must finish it by the end of the business day tomorrow. By five o'clock tomorrow. But totally fine. All those missing ballot boxes back in the two sets. And we're, you mean the ones that they burned? Well, you see it's not fashionable to burn black folks anymore. So they were just burning their votes. 14.156. 172.5 by having court letter mail of measly broadcast groups they should have. WKM.com over the world. This is the real one to yourself. This is your brain. Any questions? How about having people sign an affidate? How about they take all those ballots for your cannon? And they contact each and every one of them, huh? And find out, would they would try to vote for Papy Cannon or for whom they want to vote? And send them a form door or go knocking on their door. And they don't have any votes. And have to sign an affidate it. But people of course can't say anything they want. I don't think they know the result. Take a look at these numbers again. Somebody facts me. This I've already got it. I've got seventy. I mean, look at the percentages though. Flowered County. Papy Cannon got 131 percent in the vote. Lee County. Even those young who's over there. He got 1600 percent. And Palm Beach County got almost eight tenths of a point. If you take, Dave, Howard, Martin, Orange and Hillsborough counties all together. That's one, two, three, four, five. Of the biggest counties in the state. They're combined total for Buchanan is 2600, you ever take. Palm Beach was supposed to believe the Papy Cannon got 3,400 and some votes. Is there anybody who believes that? Or are there any of the most partisan bush people who believe it? Oh, it would be cannon people. Oh. No. I mean, you know, I'm not trying to be a bad loser here because I like to bet it to 20 San Hey was exciting and I was up there. It was nail biting and it was whatever, especially when you got two boy candidates. They've never let it was exciting. I like to bet saying, okay, he won. So I was prepared to deal with that. But when you find out about all these shenanigans and about balance, the boxes for a balance missing and people being disenfranchised and told us they can't vote. And all of a sudden we go from 350,000 absentee ballots to over half a million. And now it's almost a million. I'm surprised they don't have 10 million. You know how many we got, whatever it takes. Whatever it takes, that's how many absentee ballots we've got. Well, how many do we need? Oh, probably another 30,000. Okay. Those ones that are coming in from outer space. They're coming in from your back, don't aim us. For Joe Costellas, right? He's a taken in personal. So we just beat up his dog or something man. So I caught it. I don't see it. I'm a psychotic too. I don't have the energy for that. Because I was up so I mean just clicking in the back and forth and, uh, yeah, I'm in a coma. Here's Helen Beach, hello. Dr. Crye and Angie, W. On. No, he did not. You did too. No, he didn't. No, he didn't. So he didn't win. In fact, the moment he's a 14 electoral votes behind, moron. If he or another one goes into GW1, then I'll get your dog over there. Okay. And the molest him or something. Got about face. At the moment, course, that 26 electoral votes. And Bush got 246, the Bush might do. GW. But you want to say about birds of a feather gravitate together? No. No, no, no. As long as your man won, that's not where about how suspicious it is for how many dead people voters from a box is full of ballots. So, as you know, it's just that we win. We win, it's like a football game with this punk. We. It's that we win again. The figure's fine one. Here's Merlemore. Hello. Hey, Nate. Oh, I don't know. Okay. I listen to that. The palm of each thing I say, you know, the federal role input is never any good, you know. But, uh, seriously, though, we need a national poll in Bush. He just standard. We need a national ballot card standard. And we need to make a national holiday for voting gang. You're either human or all this stuff. And I'm a Bush report. I'm more for fair, fair representation of people. And also for electoral cards. I think this is a 48 state independent, uh, make the choice for government. Why? Well, because it's, it's, it's, it's, it doesn't make its own choice for their own state government and for their own representative and I can't risk. I want a national election. Right. It's 51 independent elections. And that's the process. We have always been that in that. But 51 different elections. Yeah. And it's a logic in that. Well, what kind of, uh, a cliche? Because you have 50 states in the district of Columbia. Yeah. The whole individual elections is 10 their electoral colleges to the, uh, uh, the votes to electoral council. Yeah. So, in other words, if you live in Delaware, your vote counts like, uh, one, uh, one, uh, eight keep as much as if you live in California. But about to be a week ago. No, no, no. Yes. The thing is, you want to, you sure, let me say it again. If you live in Delaware, which has three electoral votes, California's got 54. Right. I mean, your vote potentially counts one, eight keep as much as somebody's vote in California. Right. Because you live in a much less popular state. So, it's not. So that is logical to you that you feel a bit as far as you can. Like, and North Dakota, some of your vote on accounts one, eight keep as much as somebody lives in California. Moly, you should just, we did two words. Didn't just cut all of those as one. There you go. Popular vote. How, how, what, what a concept. Funny extra this when we have elections for governor. Do we have electoral votes by county? No, no, that's right. Well, that's okay. That's right. Thank you. I think, I think each county ought to have its own election. Don't, it's code. I think each block. Because these are like a chip or some of our moms would chip off your block. Each block ought to have its own. We can have block parties to pot lock suffers. Yeah. Public comment. Planner strategy. A few pot suffers, baby. How did that come out in the vet? Anybody knows? Or they, they have some of the people that they head on. Or look at a 72% of white people in voted in Florida. 16% of African American to this spectacular job. And how why do we see the Hispanics? Why do we see the Hispanics? That was, I think, 11%. Here, go, Hispanics. 50% for Bush. 48% for going to percent for others. Which is, this about even Stephen. Because his panic is being, not just the old, the two people are Cuban down there. But other Cuban than other Hispanics. Non- Cuban Hispanics. Just about even Stephen. See, if we get it just gotten a few more of those valid boxes in there. I'm talking about those dark folks. If we get it just kept a few more of those. And says they're on out like 80% of them. Something really stinks. And the best part of the whole deal is, here it is. It's passed the 11 o'clock in the morning. Now back in 60 when they had to kind of do nixington, they were so close. 7 o'clock the next morning. They came on and told us that they can't even eat one. Even though they had their states all screwed up for their projections back then. Because back in those days, they only computers they had. What those big univacs computers that took up like all room. So they were like a little bit primitive. But nevertheless, they got it right. And Kennedy did win. Thanks to a few dead people in Illinois. Maybe a few other places. And then once Virginia, a little hanky panky in there. But you would think about it, see? Because it kind of stuff it's going on now. Is it kind of stuff we read about from the 19th century in the history books. And we said, oh, that was back in the days when everything was corrupt. And they didn't have the media to watch over them. And Yadiyada Yadiyada. Yeah, everything was true up back then. But they had it on us now. Our total 150, 6 votes. 119 to them don't take it to on us now. At least in Florida. Once again, we pulled it all. I told you yesterday it's all about you. You guys have told about Florida. And you went out there and record numbers and tried to do. You did your duty to do your best to whatever it is. And they still want to screw you. If there's anybody who really believes that all of these massive irregularities in all the contradictions and the boxes full of ballots missing and driving along in the middle of the night, that this election in Florida was legitimate that it was kosher, even due labormen. Oh, I wouldn't touch it with this tongue and the election leader. Now all the vice president senior advisors getting rest, the contingency of 70 from national went down led by former Chief of Staff Ron Claim to oversee the, the recounts down in Florida. Are there in route to look at that? I hope they're looking over their shoulder and they're sticking their knee up there. That's right. They're going to make sure no more Hanky Panky. You know what I think was in charge of the vote count here? Tommy James and the Shondills. 9 minutes after 11 at 5.50. But if you have only under banana republic baby, only in Miami. I have to say there's a report after night that 24 years ago. I was at the Henrik and Kenny Bunkport main for a DUI. That's an accurate story. I'm going out of that. I often thought said that occasionally drank and I did on that night. But I made a decision. I was at drinking, I loved my girls doing the transit funds I did and that's all been the current contract. Season I made. I'm very, very proud of the people saying that I've run that. Yes, I was. I'm going to drink. Last eight years. So I feel amazing. We've gained a lot of strength. You're working pretty fast. We do a lot of careers. I've been doing my sport's great work outside of athletes and a lot of people have run tired and community vaccination college after a vast nation ofona fishing. It's the year, it's my first week of training. So I started taking my knee off. My foot might become injured with a little cat. Maybe they'll eat out. I'm doing my own helps. I sometimes make attempt contact. Like non😆 really, it's no exception. He's taking the situation. up. Freet passes through the Bobby LaBani lunch at the on-pack steak house in Kittal LaBani, and also Freet takes it through the Linux Playway at the home state mommy's speedway. I think we got pulled by our last 24 hours, the what we did most of us. Here's a very monumental fact that says that there ever was an effing reason to make sure guns remain in the hands of the people. It is the possibility of the federal government overturning the vote of the people. This is a non-partisan statement just having nothing to do with Bush or Gore which side anyone's on in this historic moment. Just think about what is possible in a situation like an election where after the votes are cashed and counted government officials are judges like the one in Missouri who decided to look at the polls. The open next to three hours only in certain neighborhoods can decide all to the results. The people should have the guns to make sure these government effers are dealt with very quickly. I'm putting shelves in the chamber right now as we speak and heading for the election office. The signs and silly one who can't. All right. He's getting pissed off and fired up. All he's good news from the old Kooten Miami Beach. He says, Jesse's coming. He knows the rally night at the Baptist Church in North Miami. For everybody who felt that their vote was Miss Handle or As Handle. I'm seeing him 1045 a.m. I was just a little while ago. I saw Jesse on here. He was going to do it like that. Let him have a Jesse. Perfect for all. Like I said, we like he wants to do well. Not most of the time. Well, once in a while, let him have it. Theresa LePore is the supervisor of elections. The supervisor in Palm Beach County. She's the one. She's a bit, I mean, the lady who was responsible, I guess, for laying out that ballot. Now, the state law allows each county to terminally out for its own ballot. But evidently, Palm Beach County was the only one that it's in her brilliance and eminent wisdom decided to put the presidential candidates on two different pages. Huh? It wouldn't play that song by the birds to my back pages. Bring out all these rally great stuff. The celebrate because don't forget all the sanky panky that only went on in the olden days. Before they had all this oversight and before everything was so hunky boy. And I'm going to say it again. What somebody brought to this a few days ago, excellent point. What about computerized instead of these paper ballots? Huh? How about computerized? All cooked into a central terminal. With all technology we've got today with the internet that I invented and all the southern good stuff. Why don't I? Instead of this arcade crap. And you put your slip your little bell on that thing and you have to make sure it's on those two little prongs there and you have to try to make sure it's all lined up for it just right. And if it's not your screw and your vote is worth a crap. What kind of garbage is that? It's almost you get the thing that the government is doing everything. First of all they don't make it an actual holiday election day like they do most of the world. And number two is they're starting to do everything in their power to keep you away from putting to the screw as you. And then they then they chew us out by saying, oh, these people stay don't care. They're not involved in their system like other countries. Well, I might not make it a little bit harder. And speaking of making it a little bit harder, I think I just came up with a solution for the old deal. I say let's bother saying, yeah. Until we can straighten all those things out if it's another two months extra if it's another six years. Let them hang stay in there. They don't like him personally, but he stood out almost to 65% job approval rating. We line up in Oxford. Wow, what are you talking about? He's got to be the first lady in the New York now. Crazy. Here's Royalton Beach. Hello, Mr. Good to my aunt and after 18 years has been with the three things in Palm Beach County. Yes, sir. And she called us last night and the various said actually crying in the Palm of the West. Because of the valid smile 28 that was used in the in the precinct throughout Palm Beach County through three to the poor. She said that many of the people, older, Jewish people, especially on your will Palm Beach. My aunt and I, on to me, can I change you can and or foster quite different than because of the people who hold we're so close to one another. Right. And some of them got very upset in me in the pre-sync there were it was kind of hostile if you didn't. They're in a day yesterday. And they told them not to be to the media or anything about the situation that they were in there. But I felt that I wanted to call you because I was new for many years. And she's very upset and there's a number she said we can call it's Eric 0 5 6 1 3 5 2 6 5 0 or the website that she gave me to certain people on a call for Palm Beach. It's www.bbc elections.4. And it's very important that so many people who maybe listen to you that the advice made out of them they can come forward and it's something I can do but they did give out numbers there. 3 5 5 26 30. Yes, it's Eric 0 5 6 1 3 5 5 26 50. Okay. And it was just a mess. We did we see the ballot 28 is 100 different ballot in Palm Beach County and it happened to use this one. I don't know why. I guess because it brights the brilliant. Okay, thanks a lot. Yeah, somebody fascinated us now a large copy. Clearers they are bell. On the Palm Beach County ballot. The only thing that's not clear is the little holes. I guess they can't depict the holes around them. Maybe it doesn't pick up on the fact machine. And really it's not as impressive when you don't see where the holes are. But you know a lot of you guys here the two holes real close together. That's always been a good excuse in the past. Didn't know which one I was punching. What kind of a cock-eyed thing is this? Why in the name of uh uh uh did it have to be laid out like this? Confusing is an understanding. And talk about talk about psychosis. Can you imagine being an old Jewishry, Terry and Palm Beach County getting already their line up here to vote for Go and you laborman and you wind up for voting for Pat Buchanan. Oh my god. Talk about an ending insult to injury. Talk about running a salt year room. So let's give those numbers again. Always number that norm gave out. I got number 121. Not what? No that's not right. Absolutely. The one that norm gave out? 954 and 54.491. 2000. Sorry. 491. 2000. If you're one of those people in the must-brow to watch the vote because they need a song to dance about 30 sideways. Huh yeah. And if Palm Beach County if you're afraid, if you're afraid, you're one of those people or you know somebody who's uh probably one of those people. And you want to complain bitterly and the racially hell about the fact that you intended to vote for Al Gore and you want to voting for Buchanan or somebody else. Five six one area code 355 2650 355 2650 or check out their website www.pdc-elections.org or g. PBC-elections.org. Okay and the it's just it's astonishing can we do anything right in this state? Oh nothing. Absolutely nothing. The laughing stock of America and we all are just a coincidence that gw's brother happens to be the governor. That's just a coincidence of course we all believe that. Just a coincidence we certainly don't want to accuse our governor and his very highly esteemed family the Bush might do. I mean just the fact that Neil was involved in the SNL scandals and all the things that have gone on in the wine contracts and all the other lies in mead my lips. But I mean he's a very honorable Bruno's the Bush family the Bush is. What about a smuggler right? And and I even started talking about poor as N'Rogue again what's her husband name? Oh Colamba. Colamba. Yeah. For Colamba. Well she's she needs to be the money to get you out. What about a scaldy son? Yeah. And you want to be a way to paint. If you look like him I'm married. So Yes, I'm Jeff, don't give me a pleasure. One two three is up my knife with the screwdriver. After all, my husband's brother, with to the, your big day, I'd like to have a big idea of anything I need and just want to know how to be just recently, how to do when I get so focused on what I'm looking for. This is even worse, okay? Because now I've got two pieces of evidence from Palm Beach County. First, here's the cover letter that Teresa Lepore, Palm Beach County Supervisor of Elections Center, Dear voter, as Palm Beach County has 100 ballot styles, or ballot variations. We are sending you the sample ballot, which contains only the candidate to make sure what you are allowed to vote. You're ready to become informed of all candidates to introduce on the ballot, so you may make your selection before going to the polls. It is really good for you to mark your choices on the sample ballot, and take it into voting booth, ad you in voting, however, such a mark ballot is for your own use, and must not be openly displayed at the adiati adiati. If you're unsure of the polling location, you're in a prison call, there's a number, et cetera. Now, we go back and look at this full page, very crystal clear, and what did I say before about what you don't see on there? You don't see the holes. Now, how can you stick it in the right place if you don't see the hole? Like, fumbling around in the dark, like outgourds, in the dark room over there, at that adanis joint. Seriously, that's what it's like, it's fumbling in the dark. And you know something this would contribute to confidently punching in that second square area right under the bush one on top. It's got Republican George W. Bush, they're changing, and in the second one democratic, Algor Jolibu, and it's got number five with an arrow to the right. What it doesn't show is that there are two little holes to the right of that. But if you weren't paying any attention on what's on the other page to the right of it, you'd assume that a punch in there is a vote for bear. You don't have to be someone old seen out bastard to do that all over the house. I mean, you know, on acceptable, you crazy crazy piece of crap to reach a lapore, and you pour voters there in Palm Beach County. What a shame that you have to wind up being the triggers in the wood pile, and get all the only a part of it. I mean, least we assume that most of the votes are counted. Are we going to assume anything really? No, in fact, I hope that Governor Jeff Stewart is less than or one of his representatives, one of his cronies out there, and by the way, you're finished, yeah, I mean, for a form of defaction and a citrus canker program, and all the other things you've done to piss off just about every group of people in this state, if it wasn't for those things, now your curse is clipped baby. You are history, Jeff Stewart. You believe the election results in Florida are honest. No, 166, yes, 33, and don't know 18. How do you like that? 76 and a half percent of the people out there in the radio land don't believe in what we are being peddled here as election results in the state of Florida. And what I'm here now is that we had 72 million absentee ballots, and they all voted for Bush. So what are we complaining about? All we're saying, 80 million? 26 after 11 at 560, the WQAM. 26. But the El Roger show sports radio, 560. 26. 8. 8. 9. 9. 8. 8. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 7. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 9. 10. Nobody reads the recipe like emerald ice flakes Jack and Jill, what up the hell? Come make themselves some stew And just like an oven, Jill needed some love and soy pudding is made in their home It's that genius The heart is cooking so un-gable Hey, make a look at it, but one, which is Come on baby, you know you want to grab my peanut That emerald ice flakes, right after I am chef What's your fucking snap ahead? The blindfold, these people would then fold forward Oh man, that's fucking food network I'm pretty want to find 60 WQM, so Michael K who's obviously pissed off Send me a convoluted facts with many errors in it He says the actual number of voice palm is 3500 votes for you cannon 347, I mean you're close Mike, but and then he says the next close is in the entire state of 1000 votes in the analyst He even closer with 1000 intent They goes on to say that asshole later caused gore through other states besides gore up main Before electro-votes later got 37 of what to put gore in the wind column I had to make the rest of your Michael, but we'll go get all four votes Electro-votes in a state of main Then New Hampshire later got 22,000 of what to put gore in the wind column For electro-votes that is correct or gone with five, made it got 54,000 Nobody is one that states so far, but one he's missing is he's his additional electro-votes We'll give gore 273, but he already won name with those four, so he's given him twice So even with those states he's still going to get 266, 266, yeah Yeah, he's still being one short Like that McDonald local access is to check out in the Bud Light commercial, still short Yeah, still short So I tried to Michael, but close to not a match See it's still a matter of how you slice it, a serious gruer won one other state there is We are the more you had, you know, Wisconsin was hanging out in Iowa and Oregon and what else And Arkansas and Washington, and you know, and growing you to win one goes to Florida Now, but if he would have won all the remaining three or four, but ever was he could have won but not Florida, did he do it? No, since he lost Iowa, since he was one Iowa, it put it all right on the bonus red on our anus Right here in Florida And I've told you for years, if you look at the shape of this state on the map, you look at this penis a little barris And that should tell you a lot, I think there's something really something volic there Here's a lady in Miami, hello Hello, yes man You know, look at this wondering, is there a way to trace the balance of those people that voted for you to be can and identify them and kind of find out from them and they and they voted for them? Well, that's what I was saying before, I would think that they could be good, certainly, isolate those, they've got all the balance So there is a way of actually to identify those people that voted for you to put in those people and vote and identify them But then people all have to come forward, the ones who are and of course, the people who are there's no way to prove it And they're all kind of people to come forward and say, oh, I messed up, I really wanted to vote, you know, like some of the native people who come out now and say, I really wanted to vote for you And I saw, let's invalidate my votes, there's my name on this thing, and you just can't do it I think what they'd have to do is have the whole election over again I agree Well, why not? There's nothing else going on I mean, what is the rest of the country take away? Is this our set that's field with one? They're saying, oh, there's more ones in Florida again Yeah Okay Thanks, thanks Bye-bye Yeah, what am I thinking about? They can't track those people, that's why if you wait your name on your balance Because then that guy with his gun, he really had some good cases in the media You're a little knock on your door Oh, I have your balance here, looks like he voted for Mashi, Pupakini election We want to take you to a little ride here You're on a ride around Steve, maybe you can help us find those boxes for those balance that are missing now You know from those dark neighborhoods 560-50560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T And for why is it more or less more? I am incoherent Do you feel be, chillin? I'm yes sir Let's see, there's me or Axel's had any doubt in their mind about what kind of a shrub that they're both sending to Washington A few canals on a little while about giving his rejection speech Yes And he said that George W. Bush's election represents the conviction of Bill Clinton And that he was happy to have played a pod in it Because it's going to be of great benefit to the American people When it comes time to select a Supreme Court Isn't it great? That's what he had to say That's the knock thing One other question I had about the electoral college Well first of the comments They'll never get rid of that It takes the constitutional amendment And it has to be ratified by two thirds of the states Well I think you're wrong When you say they'll never get rid of it I disagree Well I agree Because when you say two thirds of the states Let's face it They overrun the majority of the states Take it like an all-estates, they're virtual on the list Most of those states have got very few They got three, five, six electoral votes They're only a handful of states like Texas, New York, Pennsylvania Michigan, Florida, California They've got enormous numbers of electoral votes Well I don't It still takes the constitutional amendment There's an up here about it It'll happen That's true Now here's my question There was got a comment I mean if there were agreement about it A head of the constitutional amendment to prevent you from To make it a legal word in the American flag I'm sure that this might be just a little bit more important than that Well I'm possible But consider this In the electoral college in the state of Florida Yeah There are 11 electors, two of which are the two state senators Which are both Democrats And then there's a bunch of other electors They still have to cap their bowels They're absolutely correct That's correct So what a state of sight they don't want to do that Because of the situation of Palm Beach County Well they had one of the legal experts on a course They're going to be seeing 60,000 legal experts next to this Early on CNN and he was saying that they can technically go ahead Even though it might be in violation of the law And vote for anybody they want And it could actually put them in jail But nevertheless they can't change their vote So they can still go and vote for anybody they want And vote what would have to count But then they might throw the rest in jail for doing it But they can be in jail but we have our course, brother There you go And then we could say to George W Bye bye If you bring back jail for it to give my pardon There you go Okay Think we just got a saw there We can't show man There's no problem that we can't solve Nothing is too hard for us Before the presidential race in Florida became too close to Carl The Democrats called for a recount in Florida Party officials said voters were complaining of misinformation Possible camporing and other irregularities in the sunshine state And you know something They've told us about the right number That's part of the semi-defects before he he'd be right They stole money in the 1700s It's a 200 How to go from 48,000 to 200 How to go from 21745 And here's somebody here's somebody in Palm Beach We're mentioning the fact he's he says by Gordon or two holes I had to figure out which one said voter Lena Friends that that's what W used to say to him about Monica I asked one of the ladies to help and she didn't know When I left I figured out that I voted wrong Said Lena Francetta another voter Mary Columay Cohen said I don't know if I voted wrong Republicans had only one hole How do you like that? And then of course those worst people can keep getting a true upper-day I wish I'm never gonna find that, am I? Oh yeah, the crime site she's only got on a pair Yeah, so the confusion runs rampant 212 moon to find 60 W to Q and I'll see you tomorrow 17 till noon at 5.6 You can come and go over show it to with the What days it today? Wednesday We got a galley on game night from the hard rock cafe at 6 Can they be in the Panthers at 7 o'clock tonight? I mentioned about Gary Sarnawatt and asshole He is on the thing I mentioned that on the air You know I've been up all night Go to bed at 2.30 I wake up this morning 7 o'clock 7.50 at 9 p.d. And now it's all up in the air again I've been in just in bored on this thing I've voted yesterday morning Right in the middle there was there a quarter to seven First time in years I've voted And I'm thinking to myself this is what everybody Everybody has got to be talking about Now right here in the road say right? Oh, oh I get out of my car and a parking lot down here And here's a ball of my crews are really a bizarre guy And Gary Sarnawatt Through our sales holes here at QAM And as I'm approaching him I think it's a good morning And the first thing out of Gary Sarnawatt's mouth is What do you think about that air extradition? He's going to help us He's going hockey-talk And you know what? I mean I've been there already No, but I'm thinking to myself about Gary Sarnawatt That's one of the things he's in asshole Yeah He's getting me into a discussion about the Panthers And then I come into building And Joe Costello is one of the few of us who's like filming at the Masabotta's text election And he says he was trying to show the sample bell of the Panthers thing There's some of the people out in the hallway Some of the other folks out here They're even only talking about Because it doesn't happen if it was a pro for the BSC The BSC pro the college football pro Then they say oh my god, let's see that We have got to have the most lifeless bunch of group balls in this building I have ever worked with in my life The spurt nerds I mean, yeah, default he's into it, he's in the election Hank heavily into it, he voted four or five times But generally speaking, these punks that we haven't had in this building All they care about is ball games and making you legal best That's basically on ball games That's what opposed down to Wait till you hear this I don't know Tuesday morning, four or Florida highway patrol troops are set up a safety checkpoint Stopping cars, one point four miles from Woodville, Bethes, church and telehassy A polling precinct in an area where a third of the voters are African American By Tuesday afternoon, the U.S. Department of Justice The Florida Attorney General Civil Rights Division And the State Department of Highway Safety and Motor Vehicles had launched investigations After someone complained that the checkpoint was intimidating black voters Who voted 93% around, go I should point out again The complaint forwarded to us by the Department of Justice raised the issue of possible intimidation of black voters at Paul Hancock Deputy Attorney General for South Florida and chief of the International Rights Division We were taking the seriously we jumped on it right away, they jumped on it Major can't house, spoke to the FHP telehassy headquarters It appeared the checkpoint was not conducted according to the Department of Guidelines It didn't have the approval of the district commander and the media was not notified in advance How strange huh? The details were still in complete as of late Tuesday But how said the 90 minute checkpoint yielded citations to two white women in one black woman Of 13 40 equipment notices, three white to black men and two white to black women Two white women and one white men, two per stop, every car house A two person, not required to be called the right to be driver stopped Only those against whom enforcement action is taken The checkpoint was motivated by the FHP's gasoline crunch FHP officials said Two per to be asked to cut back sharply on gasoline consumption Said Major Kevin Gidry FHP acting, two commander in charge of the telehassy office We're trying to be visible to say gas You'd reset it probably never occurred to them when they were They're going to be visible but say gas, just a coincidence So another incident set aside in a round following people And right in the people were speeding or driving or driving or driving or driving or driving Many of the above, they just stopped there and don't waste any more gas And just stopped everybody Only a coincidence that there was only a mile and a half less than a mile and a half From this supporting place where the voters are affecuted American And with evidently as a high concentration of dark folks According to records in the Leon County Supervisor of Elections Office There are 2229 registered white voters of Oda the church There are 915 African Americans, the 20th Spanish and 120 others Martians Here's another fact that says The Gore headquarters is taking calls from people who want to report problems The election is yesterday, you can call 954-927-8331 Gore headquarters, 954-927-8331 If you had any election problems, it would get already just a give you a bunch of crap A turning general body but a worst number of loud, 954-71246 107 is investigating complaints 954-71246 This fact says the preaching that I worked in in Hollywood yesterday Said in all time, record more than 1,300 people vote between 7 and 4 Many of them were rejected for one reason Other than sent back to the office of Supervisor of Elections Few people would bother to find out where it is and where to go I would start to go back and ask the poor employees to call the office and help them out That's what they're there for, but they were slow and very unhelpful I heard this kind of problem every more in-brower And I can imagine what happened in other counties Says we must be united in fact the Bushit conspiracy It's now new to many of us who read books about what they do And we know that Jebys and work in very silently and Florida Remember, Clinton's impeachment See if they can't take over the country one way If they can't drop above out of there with their impeachment Still do it another way, they'll steal a goddamn election That's what it boils down to This mysterious turnaround Back and forth I mean, sure we don't throw out a coastal I think of a lot of close dates I might have heard a few dead people vote in here and there But I'm gonna say it again, how is it possible that George Wetterier is ahead by 48,000 post votes At 2020 and morning when all of that was declared him to the next president I go to bed and then all of a sudden I find up an hour and 20 min later is ahead by 200 and 748,000 And now it's 1700 and nobody stole those what they want to talk about And we still don't know how many people are dressed. Maybe there's still a ride on the line with the box in the balance now, we don't know. Because all we have to go out is to take their word for it. Just like those 420 million ballots, those abs and two ballots. And I hear it's really 52 million coming from overseas. We thought it was only 30,000? Wonderful with pigs. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami? Yes sir. Yes sir. How you doing here? OK. Here there is a way you can track the voters in West Palm Beach simply because when you sign in, you sign in with a special, special, let's pencil. Yeah. And the pencil is relative to the barcode. And the barcode has a number which they write on, which is from the ballot. They write on the, on the pocket you're finding. Yeah. But they have voted for them in the moment. They take care of the part of the ballot off. And it's not a dollar. And yeah, right. But they have no idea what you punched on the right to the ballot that you're sticking at little gray envelope and putting the box. Well, we only take, they don't, but the same number that's on the pocket, they're all, it's on the pocket you put in the box. And it's also on the pocket you sign and get to the lady. Yeah. So that box code can actually coordinate with the other two numbers. So they actually really do know who is a group of groups. It would be the vision of privacy. Right. And that generally does. And I highly illegal, yeah. But I would think it could be done probably in the circumstance where they think there's a wrongdoing where they're trying to do a reelection or something like that. I said, let me call it. I would hope they can do something like that. Considering more of the autonomous day using to do the ballot in the first place. I wonder how late Divier's father was up last night? I don't know. But I'm sure a lot of people are fighting a lot of knuckles just waiting for an answer. Well, you got a way to come on after knowing that the earliest. That's probably true. And then that will be a lie. Hang on tight. Take care. OK. Here's the fact that says on the wife 48-year-old Jewish voter living in Boko, who is cheated by the political system. I thought I had voters who were out of war, but instead of woke up this morning, find out I voted for you, Canon. This is an outrage. Oh, I believe in America. I believe in the American system of democracy. I believe in America. How can you Canon get 347 votes when the next time total is, well, the next time total was a thousand ten? The only fair way to decide is what the Palm Beach County voters do it again. I said, that's a good idea. Let's vote in Palm Beach again. What are you going to say? Woo! Because then we can really focus in. We can zero in on old Palm Beach, underlined the old part. Because I guarantee we can dig up a lot of dead people because they're took and played this game, Jets. We can dig up a lot of dead people and some of them are still walking around like they want some cemetery village. Get a gigantic turnout. 560560, Palm 560, the only AT&T line. Do you believe the election result in Florida, honestly, was the question we asked in the fall on neologgers.com today? 234 people said, oh, that's 76% said no. They don't believe it. 55 said yes, a little under 18% and don't know 20 or 6.5%. Zion America, baby. And of course the markets now, they don't believe the screamer, but Anna, because they don't know who won. That was up 42. And as back as down 78, yeah. Because they haven't got any idea what to do. Here's a lady in Pittsburgh, hello? Hi. Yes, man. Good morning, you're here afternoon. I've been up all night, so I'm here with you. Yeah. I'm calling because in Pennsylvania we stood up for our seniors and we make sure that we voted for Gore who will take the nerve of all of the senior citizens concerned. I hope that the people in Florida will now contact their representatives and Mr. Lecturer who was on CNN this morning talking about all of the compensative and ballots that were mysteriously made to this a cop for people to understand. And I'm sure that was not done unintentionally. I think those ballots were confusing on purpose. And I think that's why Mr. Bush was so confident after being interviewed on QD when he was made aware that there was some problem. He said, oh, no problem. You know, it's taking care of there. And I think that that's a clue. I think that they knew that these ballots were being made to two compensated. So I hope it's a pre-born Florida will become interested and outraged. Oh, they're interested and they're outraged. Except for our sports people, but everybody else here is interested in outraged. Well, I'm picked up as we just didn't put up with it. And we all rallied together. And you notice how the Bush people were trying to also say, everything that didn't come up their way was bogus. Pennsylvania was bogus, the Mexico was bogus, and at the end of the night, whatever it was counted, guess what they lost both of them. Well, I think they're going to see their convicted, certainly side of George W. I don't think he has a right disposition like his father. And I think they have been just so outraged. Well, I've got a goal call and a conceded, made a call him up and a coach evening. And evidently, they called him back the second time and said that well, he was going to wait because he was very sure he took him as well. And that's the personality. That's the person that's talking about what you see is what you get in the great guys and drunk and a real prick. How he loves everybody and how he trusts everyone while we don't trust him. And a particularly in this vote and Florida and people in Florida do not sit back and stand back, get in touch with Mr. Wester, do something about those doubts. Amen. Thank you. We're working on a tweet, hard. Thank you. By the word, Americans needed to make a runoff and photo supervised by the federal government to those facts. Maybe they should get forward what it deserves to rock the floor to let you give the person and say, well, I can't do it because go still got 260. You got to have 270. That's what it says in the Constitution. I think that if all else fails, we should say all Americans for Gore, most of us go on a general strike. I'll have a Cuban gin in my eye as a last resort. That's it that I do. I'm leaving right now. Say, what do you think of that? Yeah, let's go on a protest, yeah. Yeah. There you go. If I had the ability to do it, I'd take you out of the right now and check your goddamn teeth in. I'm going to tell you, music. CNN reports that a ballot box with field ballots in it was found in a precinct pool in place in Miami, unopened in Miami. I wonder what precinct that was in. Huh? And it just keeps getting worse and worse. Yeah, you see, we've now reached the point. I want to my drink. I'm way past the break. We've reached the point here where no matter what they do now, I'm not going to believe it. They have no credibility. I think we don't have a recall campaign. You know, the guy with a citrus that Dr. Marvin, Robert Melvin, wanted to recall his bush. I say now we got about a ball. Let's take a bite of your bush. Took him play this game. The bush family with all their power and all their money and all their son of six, read my lips. You are trying to steal this election and the presidency from the American people. They wanted back. He had it. Now they wanted back. I hook or buy. Cook. Oh. Son of a bitch. Two minutes before noon in five, 60 QM. Four three, 0.56. WDVM Miami, Fort Lutterdale. A measly broadcast group station. W2AM.com or the world. Okay, we just continue to see this. Well, we don't even need God damn Columbo on here. Forget about Columbo or Shao Alacone. Because even a moron, even the most partisan, this doesn't got anything to do with the partisan. It had to do with what kind of a country you want to live in. And what were we hearing about the revelation about the DWI and all those all? So Democrats with their dirty tricks again, dirty tricks. They're all full of dirty tricks. It's all a pile of crap. They just showed on CNN the blood is just flowing to my record at this point. I'm so pissed off. They just showed a ballot box full. 76 A was in a broad a ballot box. In Dave County. And guess where it came from? From an all black church. That's right. That's where they were holding an all black church. Who knows how many hundreds or thousands of ballots there are in that box? Maybe like 1,700? Something like that? Sitting there, it's unopened. It's still wax. Meaning that's the lot box that we're talking about. Yeah. Take all the most to don't go for less than we'll put them in the lot box. I'm going to tell you right now, if there's an all clear who you're for, like I said, I was more than willing. What I want to bet I figured Bush had won. It okay. Life will go on. But no matter who you're for, if this is anybody's idea of how you run an election. And if this is this kind of governor and this kind of corrupting that we have in this state in Dave County from coast to coast in a state, if this is what you're willing to accept, then heaven helped the rest of us who are just set up and tired of it and pissed off. You've got a lot of answering to do their Jeffster. You've fully below any hate-mongering right-wing piece of crap you, because that's exactly what you are and your whole God damn blue-nosed family. I'm starting to think about that trilateral commission in the Bolivarism of CIA. In a good old boy network in Texas that conspiracy book I want to write about the assassination and president Kennedy. Now, if he's here to say, well, I'm off here, did it and the cash flow people did it and the anti-cash flow people, it's easy to make a father's eight million different theories on that. But to think about the Texas oilman, you know, the big business rise in Texas, it's very interesting to see how everything seems to come right back there, doesn't it? It's just like the assassination itself, yeah. LBJ, who was the vice president just happened to be from Texas, George W. Who's in the East from Connecticut some days, I've been to the East from Texas? The whole, the God's in the Spocka, the whole bunch of corrupt bastards. I mean, at least with the calories they had dead people voting, you know, I mean, we're used to that. Speaking of corrupt. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T and the lines and wireless one. Here's the fact that there's a 20 year old American born Julio Republican of course, but the news regarding this election is a horrific black guy to the American process. We should fire up old Spocka one more time and have that election official in charge of the balance in Palm Beach to be the final user of the chair. Yeah. He says, does this mean that there's this mean that Jim Lera is now the president of the United States? He has a lot of credit, Julio Ricardo. He has a lot of credit. For caution, those softballs knows the base. My dog had a bad question. Here's the fact that there's an Palm Beach County resident and wanted to report to follow the information I've uncovered about this extremely suspect situation. I made several calls yesterday to residents in both the West to get out the vote and spoke to a number of seniors at least three dozen who complained that they were confused about the balance and somewhere I rate because they felt they had incorrectly selected the U.C. in instead of Gore. With almost 3,500 votes in Palm Beach alone from Buchananus could easily turn the election in Gore's favor. I've called Tallahassee as you said the local supervisor of election to Palm Beach County determined a lay out of the ballot and the order that the presidential nominees were placed, Bush, Buchanan Gore. I voted this county for 12 years and never seen a ballot that didn't list the top two party candidates first for putting any third candidate on. I think with the population basically elderly and pro-bore the change in nominee order because significant confusion obviously did. So I don't know if you recall the scale from a few weeks ago about the 10,000 whistle voters in Brewer County who thought they had registered successfully. I mean, it's a radio promotion only to find out they were not eligible to vote. At the time it wasn't considered to be that significant at the national level but with Florida not being the only fact to be seen victory in the feet and since most voters from Brewer to who had choose to register this way would be much more likely to support Gore than Bush this seems very significant now. And if you're angry I'll say we'll give you all kinds of numbers to the even call. That numbers up the air. Complaint line this is in Palm Beach, complaint line 561, 055829, 805, 5829, the Florida Attorney General's Office 850, 487963. 850, 487963. In a Florida Division of Adilections, 850, 4887690. 850, 4887690. Here's Cape Coral. Hello. Hey, you're doing okay. I'm pissed off about this thing too because really all the people out there in Texas the Bushes are really just a bunch of starts to share redneck. I mean Bush. But here's some pocket soon. I forget about that. I mean, he made some ultimatum here in Florida. I'm a fireman and of all the labor organization, AFLCIO and the United States. Florida, firefighters will be only one that endorsed Bush for president. And it would be worse. It was a little very tricks I'd drink with the pension votes I had that Bushes signed that soon he got elected. And so it's just dirty tricks back and forth stuff. It's in intimidation, it's exactly what he said before. And in my area here, I must have put out 50 Gore laborman signed, you know, roadside signed. And I was better more than two-thirds of them look like they were hacked up by a lawyer. I mean all the Bush-changing signs are in perfect condition. And all the Gore laborman signed for quite they've been through a shred of. So it just makes me sick. There are many spirited, I kind of feel many spirited back at them. And you know something over the weekend, there were not in goal for that speech. He was a player, a player, a player, a player to be talking about good and evil. And they were saying, oh, is he calling us evil? Yes. Yes. I think he just answered your own question, boys. Yes. 9 minutes after the no limit 5, 60 WQF. From the O'Rotter Show, sports radio, 5, 60s. You, A. And, for just two years, the media, sh**. Yeah. For just two years, the media sh**. Oh, for just two years, the media sh**. So the two years of the media sh**. And, the rich boy will pass, and then go, K. Junkie. But he's going to do all I can't pay for that. He's going to give a front of her people, go one hundred. So go to the museum with the back. Oh, we can't find you, but she is just a bitch. We're looking all over, and it still ain't here. Hey, Junkie, do you wish I was cheap? Oh, I do what's better, though, by now, that you think long-lapse. You are always talented at talking party. And you can't pay for such a lot of good. You can't pay for such a huge, you can't pay for such a big, expensive, expensive, expensive. For just two years of the media sh**. For just two years in the media sh**. So, a question, yeah, can a piece of sh**. So do you... do you wish I was cheap? What's for two years in the media sh**. What's for two years in the media sh**. So, a question, yeah, can a piece of sh**. Oh, but what's two years in the media sh**? So do you wish I was cheap? So do you wish I was cheap? I'm a<|en|>, a- Four fifty-four five fifty wkwm. Says you the four, it says an is French called Bob Gray, That's a good idea. How do you do these? Got so many apartments in the state. Look for a walk. Bob Graham's number to Washington is 202-224-304-1 and the band that he gives excited demand hearings, that are about this election crap. And he did all that alien junk. Thank you, Palm Beach County resident. Right on, baby. Well said. Let's see if he's in Dignan and our rage and running around the middle of the street and carrying on like a picture on child about this as he was about poor little alien. And the fact that Bob are allegedly broke his promise to him. Bonnie Graham, Washington office. That's your senator, 202-224-304-1. You know, it's interesting. I'm looking somebody facts me the law. The way the ballots have to be in the state. Minor political party candidates and candidates with no party affiliations shall have their names appear on the general election balance. Following the names of recognized political parties in the same order as they were certified. They see that their response to that it will be, oh wait, let me go back and take a look. Yeah, they're responsibly that it will is following because it's on the next page. I'm sitting on the line. There shouldn't have been any next page. It should have been on a separate page. It should have been a thing. Please let turn whatever. Not next to it. Also, you know what number we need. We need the jet series number in telehancy. That's what we need. We need the phone number for Jet Bush's office. All over the state here in South Florida. His office up there in telehancy. His goddamn email. His tax machines. We want all those numbers before we talk today. Because I got news for you. He's going by by. And you know, something payback is always a bitch. Anybody out there remember penis gay? And a $70 million that a bunch of loom ticks like Bill McCollough. I don't know, you know, the photos set of very good message. Glad to see. Bill McCollough, they said bye bye. And a Jim Rogaine out there in telehancy. Bye bye. The worst of the henchmen who were up for real I should last night, who are the spearheaders. The spearheaders and the spear chuckers of all that penis gay crap that witch hunt. They all got kicked out. All got their asses passed. But I can't say people I have good long memories. And payback's going to be a bitch yet. It's going to be a real bitch for you and your whole god damn corrupt family. Who sent to the god some kind of god given rights. Just like the candidates to run the country for as long as they want. Here's Wonton Beach, show them. I do a nail. Okay. Okay. A couple of things here. Okay. Number one. The head of the Palm Beach County. I love Palm Beach County. The head of the Palm Beach County that lady missed a look forward whatever her name is. She's a democrat. Yeah. She's the one who designed that. Okay. So it's not a republican conspiracy. He's a democrat. That's factual. Look it up. Okay. Oh, so there's stupid democrats. Okay. I'm just saying that's what. And technically legally speaking. The people who did push you cannon. Yeah. Instead of pushing that. Regary. They still made them mistake. Because it was there in black and white with the arrow with my name. The fact that you're saying it wasn't. The fact that you're saying it doesn't make it so. Are you. Are you a constitutional lawyer? No. But if you look at whatever the what are you basing it on. I'm basing it on the fact that if you think they would overturn the Palm Beach County. The voters election. What took place in Palm Beach County because of that. I don't think that would happen because technically they still made them mistake. It's confusing as it was. I don't know what they're going to do about it. No, I'm just saying. But they're admitting that it was misleading. They're admitting that. But they don't change a vote because it's something that's leading. Yeah. They've been. They've been. They've been. They've been. They've been. They've been. They've been. They've been. They've been. Bybork DB know. Who's? Before. We're talking about the they they've been. You know. Oh, kids. You know, your entire lobby is Republican as you want and as much as you want that's fine But they'll call us show every day with the same speech How do we have any idea how many votes were that and how many other boxes are missing with ballots in them? Got to call it there's another one in Koran Oh, there you go sir. Maybe you haven't answered for that my friend who can maximize anything away So let's say that Bush gets 23 out of 30 thousand absentee ballots because I hate to break the news here There are a lot of wealthy Jews who go overseas too liberal Democrats Who travel all over the world that you've had since he ballots Who aren't gonna be voting for WB so let's say gets 23 out of the 30 thousand that gives him 16 thousand How do we know how many thousands and thousands of other votes? Not just here, but all around the state Well, they talked about the county and then brought a perine perine and the Miami-Jade County It was in Broward County last night that there were peeing in their pants and waiting for everyone in a day While somebody from the BS or allegedly was driving around trying to find the place where they count to vote right like they don't know So there is nothing that any human being on a face of the earth that could say to you that would convince you that there's a problem here The people were still fed the absentee ballots will come in we'll get our way That's the end of that's the way it is that's the way we wanted that's my comment to you sir a big fat What about your ass you making sick the second I hear his voice I know exactly where we're going every goddamn day through this election thing I hope that you and a whole bush family want and hell so how do you like that don't take it personal unless you want to Yeah, there's another great fact. I already got it before Chuckie, but I'm glad you fact it again How the hell did that bullet train thing pass? I voted no anybody with a brain who'd who read about anything would have heard no on that I mean it sounds wonderful, but there's no funding for it It's pie in the sky and Then of course the baseball city in highly before somebody called in yesterday I thought they was joking, but he was not Before that call nobody ever heard that there was something on a ballot in the high-alía to build to approve of building a baseball city Again, where's the money coming from nobody knows and it passed Supposedly all the good news is didn't want to play there Yeah, oh, and you know bebris can be choosing You only lost a billion and half of the commodities market beggars can be choosing There's this whole thing smells so bad it's like a goddamn this state today is an outdoor septic tank That's what it is. I used to call it outdoor funeral parlor. It's still left But it's an outdoor toilet is what it is right now You can smell a big oozing pile of steamy excrement from coast to coast from the panhandle to the keys and every place in between As the stench of the bushes you know just like Jesse says that green line is sad of the bushes sad of the bushes That's right stay away from the bushes If you know what's good for you I'm speaking of baseball in a Marlin, you know that I told us before, but I took telling again The first year that we had Marlin baseball and we were at I OG and I kept those wonderful bob green demons Founders seats Right there behind first base well, who do you think who do you think in fact he was actually there one night? I was there and one of his one of his buddies who was sitting next to one of his asshole buddies This was his brother's hair on that side by very turned around to give me a look like I'm out there Isn't that never yet not friendly this is of course as before he was the governor And the group hit all that section that's my luck that section was filled with all of his comrades his partners and clients all of his cronies from telehancy and whatever else all the bush people Red next who he owes all had one thing in common hate for right wing of not just pigs Thanks, Alex Their South Alco and the solar water the official water of the new laundry show What what are you laughing about And not in value when they bring this to you water? Well, no, no, what year number one non-values number two and I buddy with a purple pair of out there So the rest of the guys for the gray monster Thanks, Alex. Thanks. Go vote again by the way. My help Now what's up? I just talking about What's like this soon? I have I'm just lost my I'm so beat anyway Floor does not torture no, no, just be for that. What the hell is I just rambling about about the guy damn bushes? Oh, but about those people who have a ballpark oh Bigoted red neck including your piez-on Yeah, you old Julio. Yeah, there was some immortal at old homophobic. I mean doing a string I've ever gone a one game and a bunch of the one guy's got a t-shirt something about durable Save the durable there's something like that Show the fact now I'm never that's what it meant and I'm sitting down in my see before the game I'm on my own business and you're interested. I get up and look at these what is like you know holding a t-shirt out like a So you can take your t-shirt and your durable and your governor and the whole bush family and sick them all up your back Okay Right Watch a blue nose bigoted near my miscrap about compassionate conservative from how do you kid and baby? Your whole family or a bunch of crooks Make the Kennedy's work like a bunch of guy damn Sunday school kids And by the way for the guy to call me yesterday about you Ted Kennedy, remember that guy that punk One last night with about 75% of the vote Massachusetts again Oh She did a mine to drop up there and so yeah, you know kill that bitch. It'll care about that. It's my favorite small potatoes Like Frankie Pantangela 26 past no in the final 60 WQ Oh me values Good And they say, we don't want to. She's a bit busy, just a bit busy, And she's really busy, in her young life, Nothing has gone wrong, so why does it why is in this song? She has a statement of her son, And will young and she can't help the guy's son in singing. But if we're real, unhappy and the moon is happy, Take our money, take happy them with the same thing. They don't, she is nice, they're young, If we're in her team, And they say, we don't want to. But I've been a start to why I need to. But hey, they say, The females, the two reals, those that love, That fight, they're winding in this song. Property to a 560 WCU on this show up on it. So here's Governor Bush, Jeff Stier, Local Office 305, 348-6870. Those would like to express their dismay over the way the pistol is handled. And they say, the Florida, and over the obvious, And before I read any more numbers, We're getting calls from all over the place, What's specifics? And it's interesting how they're finding these boxes full of ballots. On open, but still padlocked, Pairine, all black neighborhood, church, all black. So the fact that goal was getting 92% of the black vote in this state made it very convenient to just knock out a whole bunch of adult folks. So like I said before, they're not going to be burning any dark people this week In Florida, but maybe they can burn their votes or hide them. Or just conveniently leave them around somewhere, or open. This is somebody's idea of how you run an election. Is that the way it works in Florida? Governor Bush's local office in day 305-348-6870. Jeb Bush's personal email, Jebatmyfloorthe.com. Jebatmyfloorthe.com. And here's another number for the Jeb's case. 850-488-2272. 850-482272. Even scrap proven is pissed off about this. What is that on top of it? That's not donut, isn't it? That's not being any donut. It's going to be really sarcastic. That's donuts. What is that? Is it donuts? That's my chicken. Oh, look, I get a box of it. Why is he just saying it's not donuts for Christ? They don't need donuts in here, although it sounds good. 850-488-2272. I guess we're going to have to get Eric Busby. I put him some of these numbers on that thing with the way to on. He'll do it on our website, neowardjes.com. How's that pearl coming? Do you believe the election result in Florida are honest? 236-8. Oh, thanks God. You're not here. 236-77%. 72-6-16. I'm sure one of those probably go to 14 times is that kind of car before they give us a solid advance every single day, with a 25 million absentee battle that are coming in a second. And don't know 28-6.4%. To make a lot. Hello. Hi, Donna. Hi. This is Donna from Democratic Party, Hemp 40. Yes. We understand that you can give in numbers for the Democratic Party, but not the correct number. Okay, we'll straighten you out. All right. Well, if there are too many of them, I will be back to here all this. But I'll give you a two or three of them right now. Okay. We are in Eric Busby 6-1. And you can call 26-5-17. Or 26-5-3-2-6. And 26-5-2-8-4-6. Okay. And I will be facting the list to you if you want to, getting everything out. Now, are you aware of these evocations of ballots that they're fighting in their churches in various other places? Not that one, even open much less counter-blessness? Yes. We've been getting those calls. How many? I don't know. I don't know. We have three seats a few calls and there are people in the office who are working on this. Excellent. Anything we can do down there? Thank you for accepting their seats numbers. Okay. Bye bye. Okay. Bye bye. Democratic Party, if you want to call in the US, including you were allowed to vote or whatever your beef is, 5-6-1, 26-5-17-48, 26-5-32-26, or 26-5-28-46. Thanks, Donna. So, we now lost it. So, you're bothering me all the time. I didn't know what to do about it. So, anyway, I would say we're doing the worst of the people. Well, it's not like each voter. It's not like that. It's not like that. And all the way. And then you immediately. We just need to know what to do. What to do with this? What to do? But can I do? You know? Call. We're on the stairs. We'll see. We'll see. What did you answer? Sorry. You were in ten to vote for who's your candidate? You may not be the name. Yeah, no more. Yeah, go. And so, what was the ballot? You felt that you were unable to be able to cast your ballot or cast your vote. It was confusing for us to do it. I could cast my vote. But there was no, it was not in one. But it's not like that. There you go. See, she knows what it's all about. He's acting, you know, playing dumb. Typical CNN approach. He's playing dumb. I forgot he's a lawyer. So the word is that what's his name? Not Casper Weinberger. He still did. One Christopher. Jan Arrino said a word Christopher down here from the Justice Department to Investigate. And then he goes to who's the facts about the growers on market it. It should have been this. Now, you know, that's all hindsight. And I agree. He went in a pretty marginal campaign. But the fact is that people voted they came out and big numbers. And the vote is nothing else. All the votes should be counted. I mean, I don't think we have to argue about that to it all. Everybody who was registered to vote, who was legally registered to vote, should have been able to vote that number one. And number two, had their vote counted. Is that very complicated? No. Even I'd actually like to call before for the 85th time this week. Even he would have to agree with that. Well, maybe not. I've got numbers here. They haven't been invented yet. Numbers of political assholes who haven't been born yet. I've got them all here. Okay, 22 before one at five, 60 W to Q and I'm in a fog. I'm in the twilight zone. Maybe a little bit of that lunch from Atlantic City. And by the way, Scott, thank you very much for working with me. I have to show like D4Ls every Saturday. We got a good importance to that. Just a joke. He's a good guy. Scott, come at those rooms. I've got a lose about 50, 80 grand or something like that. 200 grand. The Neil Roger shows, sports radio, 560. A favor, a favor, a favor, a favor, a favor, a favor, a favor. Shut up, just see 18, before one at five, 60 QM. So you tell me that Connie Mac that asshole at outgoing Connie Mac, was being replaced by Bill Nelson, by the way. Oh, his was on one of the talking head news shows. And he got the audacity to be draining the people in Palm Beach for being irresponsible. I got news for him. That was, thanks I got to be full from that Palm Beach. That's Boker, right? Who wasn't irresponsible? And he wasn't old. And he wasn't a dodging old price. You have to turn it around and try to blame it on the public. Connie. Thank God we checked it by the Connie Mac. And if he didn't have that name, and everybody else is family and have the same name, he couldn't get elected dog catcher. Don't forget Joe Costello and the QM van, as we speak there with the Citroes gas station at 50 Southeast eighth Aberton High all year from now on too. They got your best in the OCD, they got those nifty key chains, they got t-shirts, three passes to the Bobby Bumade lunch at the Outback Steakhouse in Kettel, among them too. Also, if we pick it up, one is poorly. At the home said, Miami Speedway, fraud you poor jockies out there. Here's Kendall, hello. Yes sir, Dr. Fale, much more. Okay. Well, what is that sound coming from? Not as loud. Back there, no. Sound like it. God spoke. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I just want to tell you, I've never seen the most gross test the most disgusting coverage from CNN, NBC, all the media coverage were at first. They said when Florida went, I've got a short, I was jumping for Joe, and after that they said, bush took him, and that was about, I puked after that, you know. Right. And I just want to know, what was your take on that? What was my take on that? The media, what? I mean, they jumped a gun on that, and of course, look at this part of the, there were still a lot of people in line to vote because they had lines blocked long and lot of places including down here who hadn't voted at that point. And of course, people probably were spreading the word, oh, it's all over. And people that didn't bother voting, whether they're the other as you know, there's part of the panhandle of there. There is not heavily populated, but they're in essential times zone. Yeah. And all behind. Yeah. They had a lot of nerve going on here. There was no urgency for them to project anything, but they were in a big pitching conference now, but they're all going to want to be heard as soon as you can beat the other one. But what I was really angry at when, when Fox News was the first people who said that George Bush was elected, and I felt for the scuffer and the knife said that can't be. Yeah. It can be possible. And another thing. I've never knew we got it got me four and a half hours sleep though. Anyone. Yeah. But who's responsible for counting the votes? Who will pick these people to count the votes? Well, they're a lot of members in that Bush family, and I think they have the family out. You think so? I'm all the ones who were in that hotel room. They have to have the Washington and Daddy pop a Bush in it. But all the young ones here are their counten votes. But never. I see it's called Ted's right now. Well, don't worry, Jan, and we know in that bunch, they're all coming down here, baby. So look out. Okay. Okay. There you go. I'm going to tell you about hanging there and get a pass for please. 560, 5060, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. They did that. Piss off, baby. I'm telling you right now, Jeff. They're their piss. They're forming at the mouth. 478 votes. You believe the election result in Florida honest. No. 366, 360, 60, 76. 76.5%. Yes, 80. 16.7%. Don't know. You can see 2.6%. A lot of 60 is in here. Here's a mobile info on the home. Neo, hi, John. Okay. I don't know whether to be a better sell or a mad at power luck. It's just an all of you know. How could people vote in that bullet train? What are they thinking? They don't even have a plan for it. They don't know how much to defend that. This is another people down here on the pitch. But we've got money to do this. We've got money to do this. We've got money to do that. And then it goes through thing it. Unbelievable. It gets you as large as you can drive from Palm Beach County. That's a rush. Oh, isn't that great? Isn't that super? Yeah. Yeah, I want to speak to the vote. In fact, he was probably that interesting that he happens to be here just a coincidence. Yeah, just a coincidence. He's probably got to. He's probably got seven or eight big ballot boxes that he's got hidden under his Anshammer. Oh, and even if he's Spartan and Quack, he said, And all those don't conspiracy here. And you know what? He's still complaining about Clinton. I just heard about during the break here. And he still complained about Clinton 92. Yeah. Did he only have 30% of the vote? And if the country wasn't split then, So why is it now? And oh, I don't want to know. All right, Neil. Don't do it again. It's a bad period of digestion. We'll probably for it. Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Palm 5 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Yeah, rush. Not that I thought I thought I thought I thought I never met a fan. He didn't like. Not he's some kind of thing. Not he's some about bitch. Keep mongering asshole. But other than that, he's not a bad guy. He didn't call her. Can't send it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, well, here's a possible birthday present for him. Possible election fraud in Miami. My wife is an inspector, which is a person who takes the name. Yeah. And preaching 752. And the clerk there is a responsible for determining whether a voter is eligible to vote. Well, people were kind of going to ensure their driver's license, but they weren't in the book. The clerk told all the inspectors just to write their name in the back of the book and get mongallet. Instead of calling downtown and verifying whether they were registered. Can you tell me that? Now, what do you think was going to do in Republican area? Uh-huh. How do you like that? Yeah, see, just the opposite was, what they were doing in Broward, where they were turning people away because they couldn't find it. Right. So the Democrats were getting turned away, and the Republicans were coming in just for the drivers license. Right. And you figure with the networks they have when they got this free thing. They probably called all around to the buddies and said, hey, here's a free thing. Come on in. Uh-huh. Excellent. Thanks for the good news. And I did call the NC there were of it, so hopefully it'll get investigated. I called the accounting elections. There's those calming back where I'm coming back. Well, don't forget accounting taxes. All you people were irresponsible. Yeah. Well, the irresponsible people are speaking of. Good. I had cross your fingers, pal. And happy birthday. Like I said. Thanks a lot. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the 18th, 10th, rise and rise and rise and rise and rise and rise and rise. Come back. We expect to have and we'll have a statement from the Bush Chaining Campaign that will be right with us when we return. So be sure and stay with us. Okay. If you wouldn't get that on, I'll tell you that. We're going to have a statement from the Bush Chaining Campaign. You know what they're going to say? Ehh! Yeah. What's he going to say? Thanks a lot, brother. Something like that. Here's Orlando. Hello. Yeah. I was sitting in the Alpombie, Chaining is just a tip of the iceberg. Up here in Orlando on the TV channels. The name is the Bolusia Supervisor of Elections Office. And shut down. Everybody's been kicked out. It's been paid off by the Sheriff's Department. The, um, apparently the computers are there. The, uh, the malfunctioned largely and the votes for Gore 1000 to votes for Gore were not counted. Oh my god. What a coin did it, bro? You know, the South Florida's got nothing on earth. And they got this happened about the time when Jeb made the call. And they're, you know, and your and nobody was sitting there looking so calm cool and confident, right? And go and, uh, Jeb said, they just give us some of the night water clock. We'll get a straight now. Yeah. Haha. So really, where we need to do now is not send down a fossil name, because you're for water. We need to use justice to probably be coming to this state. We need to have the selection over again in Florida. Or even more in Christopher. I, uh, something I think, uh, when they do the recount. I think that might do it. Well, we'll say, once they start counting thousands and thousands of votes that, uh, like you said, disappeared. Yeah, well, thousands for Gore, you know, essentially Florida. Or did so well, but that's where they call the state for Florida before southeast Florida even come in. Right. So, we're going to have a shuttle. We don't forget these ballot boxes fully got down here, baby. They're all coming from, uh, strictly black areas. And then all of a sudden, we lost thousands of votes in Central Florida. Mm-hmm. Okay. Just a coincidence. I was like, thanks for the good news in the mail. Okay. Woo. There. One 50 over to them. About 100 60 over to Vanets pretty weak, but then again, they decided to go over there in Highland. You're the same South East, eight, Avenue, or anything. I, uh, I'm couldn't go. That's what it's all about. Well, that's what it's saying. I understand it. Never the last six, just eight, Avenue, and Highway. Get me eight, Avenue, and Highway. I mean, he handed this to me. He stuck it right in my hand. Somebody did, who gave me this to Joe? Joe Mala? About a book. Okay. Butterbing. Here's the Joe Castell always is the, uh, sick, go gas station with a QM van. 50, eight, Avenue, and Highway. It's from now to through the best of the stuff and free passes the other stuff. I told you about which I'm not going to do again. Because they decided to go to Highland. Now, now you know exactly what they're going to say when they come on here, bush in the Chaining, what they're going to say? I'm going to do it though. Yeah, that's what it's going to be. But I'll carry it. What can we do here from CNN? It's coming on tomorrow, right after their commercial break in, like, 30 seconds. So let me just vamp here for, because here's a fact that says CNN is reporting everything and calls are pouring in. The race is going to go or that's what they're, I mean, that's just somebody who's going to say, and from here's the mouth to, uh, Oh God, ears. Hey, Grobert, come up to the staff at home. He might actually have something to say about this. Because he's somebody that can actually discuss something to say, I'm stupid, ball game. Unlike some of our salespeople down here and some of the little children's running on this building. Then we got Yelde Young, Gain, that is, or here we go. Now, in next minute, it lex in 2000, it all comes down to the market. We know where the officials are, we're counting ballots. We're waiting alive, news conference from the state governor, Jack Bush. We'll bring that to you live when it all goes. Also, we expect to hear from the candidate George Stubby Bush about where things stand, we'll bring that to you with us. We're going to start a lot of work. We'll have a story and our extensive election coverage right after the governor says. Okay, let's get back to Roger and we'll come on. Note that back on, it would have stayed in for the boy Cheney too. We'll have a get by one, or it's no fun and a lot of material. And they want to leave for public and trying to sound epic for the long-term, the candidate has to live in the state. We've so limited in the state. Can't you say it desperately is nowhere. Come on, let's follow it as different news to come. Dave, New York, an American still wonder who will be there 43rd president. Our scrutiny has centered on two states, Florida and Missouri. We want to give you a chance to comment before we, on our last subject. We're talking about it in the issue of getting into the air, the vote, and keeping polls open there. All right, that was very situation, right? So interesting. Example, what you do when you got a problem. The elected officials had made some mistakes and didn't get people's names on the roles. Of course, in the go down town and late blind and then come back. The judge found that these people were not going to be able to vote unless they have to pose up no longer, which is what they did. When in doubt, you let people get a chance to vote. The Republicans were in the state's position, saying shut down the polls so these people cannot vote. I think that the judge did. It wasn't reasonable thing to do under those circumstances. If they can't vote, that night, they're probably no way to fix it. Mark, if there are some sort of irregularities, if that same Missouri didn't properly plan for the turnout or whatever, any problems, maybe a live registration or whatever, and any of the devil check unnamed, if there are these problems in Americans who want to vote, what is the problem is keeping an open and hour tuned? Just like a lecture about how that would make sense if you kept both Republicans and Democratic areas open. But unfortunately, this was sort of quite a good way to change that, especially, shortly. When we get it, you'll hear it. If we get it. Here's a mobile and pop in on, hello. Yes, sir. Jesus Christ, man. This is a joke. Speaking. I got a question for you. I'm not familiar with all those things. I mean, let's just see. I thought she had the same rhyme. I'm not familiar with all the ins and outs and the numbers. And I don't want to go into all the crap because I think that a lot of this is a voter for a group, or I think the fact that he stopped campaigning in Ohio as a joke. Yeah. That's the whole state of the joke. But the bottom line is he's got to get Florida in which all the numbers that you're hearing, what should gut feeling? You think he can do this or are you talking about? I haven't got any idea. I do, because they don't know what the remedies are going to be. We have no idea how many ballots are in those boxes even though we know that the overwhelming majority of the girl could have been blacked in this race, but I have no idea. I don't get it. I mean, it's that church made a good point. He said that very much was elected by about five percentage points. Right. There is the other way that Bill Nelson would have won and Bush went to presidency. Well, I look, I can see that maybe maybe a half a one percent of the people of a voter for Bill Nelson are maybe even one percent voted for a nater. Okay. But even even giving that that leaves four percent margin there for Gore. Right. Not to mention, of course, all these ballots that conveniently have been counted, which means probably the billman Nelson won by a hell of a lot more than five percent. And at this point, the only thing question is far right. Everything else is locked up. Oh, I don't think they still have a good, but it's a new point. It doesn't make any difference. There are guns all the way. But I mean, I mean, as far as the situation where the voting is so close that they would have to recount, so far, Florida is the only state. No, Oregon. Okay. And Florida. And just coincidentally, this brother is up in the governor's office. And just just another one of those strange coincidences right. If it be to some of the bitches, murder scratches don't wind up out of it. Yeah. I think we ought to do, I think let's say, let's put the bushing in a lot, Bob. I mean, what do you say to that? Let's do it. What do you say? How are they going to have this speech on her or what? Another edition of Bernie Prohair all done their finish. Roger and Greta. Bye, bye. Which says, circums right here. The circumsides to the Holy Oster, the impeachment of Jeff Bush, or mono delante Christ G. W. Bush. Yep. Linear mono mono, no, ECMO. 560, 5050, 5060, on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. 77% of the people in this club don't have any faith. They don't believe the Florida election results from last night. They're dubious at best. It's 560, UAS, 430, 550, W. W. W. M. Miami, Port Lunderedale, a measly broadcast group station, W2am.com or the world. It's the largest hell out of it. I need another portion and I need it. I'll steal like a baby's hanging out of my cat. I'm hobbling in half and trouble lifting my teeth. And it's with the fake it lines down the street. It's the abortion shop all over the neighborhood. It's the abortion shop all over the neighborhood. It's the gotty and trouble. We're out on the double. That may end the surps that defeated not a buffet. It's from the youth who said I wasn't smart. The black-saving milk all over my shirt. I'm walking like a gift and saying, I've never heard of some of the gay spread and threat to the abortion shop all over the neighborhood. I have a book and a book and a hanger on the double. I have a book and a spot to want a car. I have a book and a set of kids out of my head. I have a book and a set of kids out of my head. I have a book because it's here that the ballots will be reported. The new count will be made. But this is how it occurs and that building is going on right now. We have live pictures from Broward County where the recount has begun. The pre-saints will recount the ballots. They go to the counties. The county recounts. They have those counts. They move them upstairs here to the 184 of this state-capital skyscraper here. And tell us how it is before it is. There's a lot of money left. Yes from the aballiparkin. It's probably the one that counts out in power. Give them. It won't be a one total of all the 67 counties. It will be released. The county will be released. So you will be able to get your money. You'll be able to get your money. You'll be able to get your money. The law will be also there. The division of elections website. And this is all due to happen over the next two days. Although most of it should be done by later today. The counties haven't fell around seven o'clock tomorrow to get this process. Then Clay Roberts who's head of the division of elections here says he wants to make sure it's done absolutely right. It's going to be very clear. Plus, we didn't want to press the supervisors to finish up today. We managed to have a lot of people who say the Florida deserve a quick resolution. If they achieve a more certainly deserve a methodical, a diligent and an actor resolution. Okay, here's a fact that somebody sent to a Florida Secretary of State Division of Elections. Diane in the Palm Beach County. She says many Palm Beach voters myself include a believe that it's challenging and opportunity for second voters in order to be used under confusing manner, which the presidential candidate names and punch through whole appeared on the county's ballot form. And for you Republicans, you want to keep back to me stupid taxes and making a personal attack against me. Maybe you can recall a people in Palm Beach stupid. How do you explain all those goddamn boxes and boxes and boxes full of ballots that we've ever counted from black preaching, huh? Not connection to the roadblock by the state group is up there in town of Hassy. All these just all these isolated incidents and a lot there in Valuesia County. We're evidently a chaos and the corruption will run in rampant late last night. And it's funny coincidence that Valuesia County along with Dayton Broward was one of those last few places where for some strange reasons they couldn't get those votes counted there. We related like 230 in a morning. Anyway, she goes on to say, soft�es will determine the outcome of the presidential race in several thousand Palm Beach County votes are now questioned through the aforementioned problem. Effective immediately, my neighbors and I will begin a petition requested challenge to the presidential results in our county. The contact vote of our community volunteers signed a petition or call 561-963-3298 or 561-96381-12 or 561-54386 or send an email to the state. And then email to jumpdubterataul.com or be be be be next be be any SC at awell.com or for com at awell.com if you are COMM for com at awell.com for the newest petition representative. At a time when it literally early Florida vote counts, it must be sure that this confusing ballot doesn't ruin you for the term of the next president. If we're able to have integrity of government must have a voting process. We did determine from your office how many signatures will be required to challenge the public's county presidential result and the deadline for submission of our petition to your office. And goes on. Also, Florida State Representative Chris Smith, a four-laterals who could be anyone who voted yesterday in Broward or Palm Beach and had problems with the polls in whatever way. To write down their stories and as much detail as possible and facts them to him as soon as possible. He's heading a bipartisan effort to file lawsuits in Broward and Palm Beach challenging the results of the election. He asked it and he included your name address telephone number and precinct or your registered. State Representative Chris Smith, that's what you want to be writing to. State Representative Chris Smith and his facts number is 954-762-3745. That's area code 954-Bourds. 762-3745. State Representative Chris Smith. Here's a lady in Bokeh, hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi, I think he'd be checked over the boxes are because so many are just sitting there. Like, I know this is, they have to be a scandal. Yeah, I know this is a few over here and a few down over there. And they just all happen coincidentally to be in a areas where I'm almost everybody who voted was blind. And last night, when they prematurely get to go to the Skiffgolfs, Florida, they should be a bus and you would sit in their all-crums. Yeah, very confident. Yeah, they knew that the fix was in. Hopefully we're going to unfix it. All right. Okay, sweetheart. Hang in there. 560-560-560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Yeah, maybe you can say, okay, those people out there and pon meets their old, they're stupid, whatever they can't blame it to anybody else. They're irresponsible, whatever they're at that asshole, honey, max shit. But that's only 3,400 votes. What about all the other thousands of votes? What about all the other boxes that we don't know about? Boxes full of ballots. They're never waver open. Thousands and thousands, we don't know how many. They're stupid, too. All that's right, they're stupid, too. Never got it. Oh, is this one of the who's the parent? To be credible? We want Americans to feel confident about that result. We want to respect the process, stand to assist in the process. And they told me, and they knew that we will continue to follow that process. Yeah, you won't do that anyway, that we possibly can. Again, what Democrats want is what all Americans do. Democrats, I'm not gonna say that he's a good guy. I mean, not that I'm part of my partisan, but I don't think you'll bet you're sweet ass. I am. All right, maybe I wasn't looking when they had the Bush Tating statement on there. Because they're never credit crashes. We'll go, all this is that Joe Andrew D. and T. Chairman. I thought I saw him on the talking head to his people, kind of a win. And I'm in a sector one at 5. 60 WQM. Had it called from our good buddy Nick Diner in Nick's cigar is your digital logo. And you know what he said? That Frank Gye and our sales department Frank out there, either man. That's what he said. He said he doesn't serve as the account. He keeps trying to push him to advertise that other schlox stuff on his state. He doesn't want any part of trying to keep separating him from his money. Those that he isn't delivering any of the cigars or stuff that he sent to us. And Nick, if you're listening right now, and I hope you are. So, every of that man another cigar another don't even give him a light. Unless you light his echo, that's it. Which could be any part of his body. Don't give him any of this. And it's directly to us because that Frank mayor is a jerk. Amen. A big fat jerk. Okay, what did he say? He said he had five 60 QM. Here's a fact. William from Miami says, changed the name of the sunshine state of the dumb state. When some asshole leaves a ballot box behind a church, that tells me the mentality of the schlox and date county. When I went to work, the woman behind the desk couldn't even speak English. There ought to be a law, though, if you work for the state county or government, you must speak English, but not in dumb cities as William from Miami. Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. William says, we have a very high name. William says, we have a very high name. We have a very big fat, high name, see. When some of the places where they come, they're the same name. William says, we have a very high name. William says, we have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high name. We have a very high names. We have a very high name. We have a very higher name. We do not forget to pick your name as well. We will have one of this name. And so there would be another kind of names. We will have a lot of names, right. There was a kind of names. Well. And it was particularly rare, We think it was because there was a somewhat dangerous name. We should be glad. That was because there was aaby. And it was one of my circles. Yeah, I'm 24 years old, I was a registered Republican and I've seen the light and now I'm a I re-registered as an independent. I wanted to vote for Gore, my grandmother who voted in the last election for Clinton went down the road, I should say yesterday, and the children that they didn't have her on the list and I know that she did register because when my mother went down the register she had brought her down So they turned her away, that was another rule for Gore Also, I'm disgusted with this state of Florida at this point in time I don't understand why none of this is on national news When the children Gonzalez thing was going on every time, and before I was in there, round the clock Or later, it'll pick their nose, it was on the news, but now this is the most corrupt election that I've ever I've heard the rule that the reason that there's all those boxes of ballots has appeared is that laser was going to drive them around Trying to find where to deliver them Yesterday on the news they had a big set of e-ballet boxes from Pembro Pines Right, we're missing an action for three hours Where were they for those three hours? And now they're finding one today, after supposedly they got 100% of the ballots counter, which obviously they don't They're finding one today in churches in Liberty City, down there in Perine, which is almost all black All these just the coincidence that they've all these black appreciates that they can't find these boxes full of ballots Well, I want to know why this is all CNN, why is this on CNN? That's been on there, of course they're too busy talking all these talking, but it's been on there for like 30 seconds You know That's the last two we've had it 30 seconds for the most corrupt election that's going on Well, if they found alien in one of the boxes, they'd probably spend their 30 days on it That's a good luck to watch Pell hanging there Thank you, dear Bye bye, bye, bye, 5.670, 5.60, okay, what's out there? I'll go out as to what would happen in that bitch version Or if a vessel is in order That's ancient figure, fuck the young guy says here right now How come they're not talking in great detail about these guys? Always tanky, tanky down here And Pell is talking about the liberal media CNN has been so God damn skewed to the Bruce people You have to wonder if Ted turned needs a money Maybe he'd lost a few billion somewhere Maybe give a few billion to many of the other charities Maybe too many of those bad rogue games Maybe he had to give a Jane to mention the divorce settlement Who the hell knows? They suck In fact, you know something why am I watching them? Things are there on that silly day in Austin, Dean We don't want to see Jeanine Missouri or the federal reserve What number is here at us? Okay, so come on, come on, let's get this thing all the way to Sky Day Memorial 3506, let's get on the 6th there We've got to figure out an easier way to decide this Well that's right, I think what the war campaign is going to happen to Is following the suit of the K-A will resume us in BC News They're going to have to say, are we taking this enough That there were nature problems in various areas of Florida We wanted to keep this going They had to very least have to wait for the results of the recount Which we're expecting sometimes tomorrow after News No later than they say, no later than 7pm tomorrow And the counties were going to hear about various counties Results coming in as they're completed But at that point, when they get those results That's when the campaign is going to have to say, okay, do we keep going here? Do we really believe there was either some sort of fraud Some sort of intimidation, balance that happened to count it All of those history is that's when they're going to have to make that In the meantime, you've got lawyers tripping over each other there And probably it sounds like more lawyers on the way Oh there's no question, this capital is going to be filled with lawyers Both sides are going to have representatives who are present at the counting The recount, but that's again why I say it's almost the least interesting Of the various elements that are occurring right now Because there are all the other possibilities about different ways That this vote could be challenged but again the question is going to be how far do they want to take it? Okay, I put a lid on a day and okay, this keeps saying the same stupid thing over and over again Don't take it as far as it's necessary to take it So that we actually have the real one of the election comes out, that's how you do it Especially considering the fact that grow one the popular vote by 248,000 now Quarter-per-mated votes, two wins the popular vote And we're going to give the election to the other guy based on a dubious outcome Here in this corrupt state of Florida I don't think so Dan and ain't going to be quite that easy Could you not just go ahead and over on a planner? 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T, Verizon Wireless Line Here's plantation, huh? Thank you Yeah, yeah, yes sir I thought of a possible upside for this yet another disgrace for self-law to the eyes of the nation I thought that maybe after we we can't vote under the scrutiny of by-product of words and warrant Christopher and the US Attorney's Office Yeah, I find out that 10,000 big Cubans registered for a vacant lot in High Ali of order for voter for Bush And they overturned the election based on that and they're making ballots that were hidden And they give the state and the upward election to go out they might find out see all the crap it were in here in South Florida And such change of immigration policy and such ending back Okay great, say all the Cubans back, that's what he said Here somebody says in a 35 year old white collar professional with a post graduate degree in your perfect eyesight Even I had to remove my ballot to double check it to make sure I punched number five for Gore And not number four for Buchanan when I voted yesterday How do you like that? It says don't you any wrong up here in Palm Beach County? We certainly have more than our fair share of redneck fanges wax jobs We'll be in a voter for became with a population of about a million how could Palm Beach County of shown 3,000 votes to be canon compared to just a few hundred votes in dates Where the populations of a two million Besides Ralphnay, there was supposed to be a spoiler, not you can Something is very wrong and I hope Jeff Bush is working just to start a figuring that out As he is making sure his big rub is elected president But I don't think it's careless about the former Says the Eric in Palm Beach but I'd like to look Eric play for us put your hand together so we'd art and Please real hard Here's a calling candle hello A.M. Yes, sir. Channel four reported about noon that the ballot boxes are counting all over the place do not contain empty ballots or a punch of ballots What the habits if materials such as telephone or forms whatever left over from Everybody working yesterday. That's not what we'll be in any ventilator. Now we'll see an incident I just heard a lot of channel avoid a verified if somebody work in there. Yeah, and That's what they said Maybe the ballot's wound up in the dumpster Okay, yeah, five by by put it away and the key chain two five six seven five six The pound five six the only 18 T and Verizon wireless line Here's cool spring. Hello Hey, you know, yeah back to the National News last night I actually called the S.C.N. and Fox News asking them the same news because it was Talked about yesterday afternoon all day long on local radio if they knew that the Palm Beach County ballot problem. They also they knew that it for once again They never never heard about it. It was not one report all night until five in the morning That the Palm Beach ballot problem which was unbelievable for me. I mean we had calls and even though I was Doobius because I didn't understand because I had team I owned ballot and borrowed and wasn't like that I mean, I mean it calls on the L.A.S. and how come if they're supposed to be like doing a service to the Public when the polls were still open to seven o'clock and people were lying to like eight o'clock How can they run on and while they are alluding people then exactly a couple questions I've been sadically because the talking has been and the St. Mike's is the Republican party was saying that That course should you see it anyway just like Nixon did even though that the lecture was so close It seems like they were saying that even of course Considered that would super seed this recount is that true. We're not true. I'm assuming I can't what are going on anyway Of course not I mean I mean I said would you know I don't think so. I mean there's always not just like he did last night Is that a change my mind right that's what I'm thinking Cloth question. I mean unless they actually officially me. I made it official and said we're running about that I've got my own challenge it. Yeah, at that point and I don't know what you're talking about Nixon Nixon never I want what election is that you're talking about? So in 1960 they were saying that Nixon Nixon conceded even though it's a hundred thousand vote Differentials. Yeah, but he said that wasn't the point the popular vote It was the Electoral Volcano. He got over 300 elective votes Correct, but Nixon was taking a challenging the Illinois vote because you're watching Well, yeah, but it's hard to challenge dead people Well, last question when the president appoint or nominate the Supreme Court justice how many votes are needed to confirm two thirds? Or just a full majority two thirds So you know that at least to that reason at least even a push gets in at least We know the worry about Supreme Court justice is because this is going to be a complete deadlock until two years from now when the Congress Definitely goes Democrat. I'm not positive if it's two thirds or not more. I think about I don't know You really thought that I definitely think that in two years the Congress is going to go Democrat Which started last night, but they didn't take credit pick up enough. So you think that close but not enough. Okay. Thank you I don't think we're going to be having another election two years early. Oh, I think this was the last one I Could be wrong about that King George. Oh, that's what we already had a King George. You talk with the list One twenty six at five sixty a say I now started to do a WQAM The Neil Roger show sports radio five six years from you Hey, anybody have a heart or a liver No, tonight and he goes undercover to reveal a brightening aspect of who could be the next president of the United States George Bush is the anti-Christ Okay, that's what he wanted five sixty. I think that's what he wanted I think that's what he wanted to do. I think that's what he wanted to do. Of course, of care about all the issues facing American and who might be responsible for the issue of law like all ten and eight The new one I like the previous administration. I bring dignity back to the old office. Yes, escalate with that You're still not on your ball Join Sam Neil your host for tonight. Danny George Bush, the anti-Christ Okay, it's what thirty what is five sixty. I think the cheaper cover is more likely Twenty nine before two. I go over to be long and two a clock Here's a facts from that was sent to a Jane Carol Supervisor of elections in Brown County from Mike he says I'm discouraged in so much suspicious in light of issues surrounding the 2000 presidential election Firstly my wife Ann Emoria was recently naturalized as U.S. There's no long with countless of thousands of new citizens in the Roulock Convention Center in September We promptly obtained and completed the voters registration form. We carefully filled out the form together They sure to complete it. We were returned to letter resident of voters registration card stating that the form was either damaged or incomplete. The letter further stated that she would not be able to vote in the election She registered as a Democrat Secondly, it's interesting that a misalignment of balance in our county seems to have caused many growholders The one-knowingly cancer ballots were be cannon strange indeed how many thousands of new democratic registrations were damaged during the police And Yadiya to eat looking for an explanation. I'd go on Mike Good luck to you and good luck to us 5.670560 house the poor comments give a leave the election results in Florida were honest yesterday 469 say oh 78 percent are behind it 95 say yes this 15.7 percent. I'm sure that one guy voted a hundred times and still we got 95 And don't know 38.6 percent out of 610 votes already There's skeptical there do be a setback and in rage and furious at words I didn't like that governor Here's Miami hello Hello, yes sir I know I am okay. Okay, I'm the topic of the mis and our mark almost is the press ballot Okay, I Happened to notice yesterday at a particular location in date County Okay, there was one ballot Box yesterday that wasn't actually even picked up after trying to contact this people a number of times Yeah, okay, they never found up the collectives under the morning Okay, I want about this guy's channel four claims that there was nothing in these boxes We started the election materials and you know no actual or valid balance Okay, and so the best of my knowledge there were in excess of an under it Okay, ballots and they're all for for Okay, they did not connect us until sometimes this morning and at the time that they came channel seven was even presence Okay, and I've been following up on news in this morning I haven't heard anything about it I don't know if you have but I have only from you More research people look at an dumpsters and find the models valid Okay, good one. I'm sure they're probably like the dumpsters all over the city There's loaded balance especially from the dark boats they didn't like those early returns man ninety-three prop points to sick They didn't like that Here's like words hello. I know yes sir. I want I voted in Palm Beach You have today when I left the building I actually had a small doubt whether I didn't get my ballot for war or not And if I had that problem people who are older and have trouble you know seeing they could have definitely had a problem And I just wanted to answer you do you know whether or not it was both parties in the box ability to actually okay the ballot the way we set up before And whether whether we're not no, you supervise your election does it in the course that guy that called before which we have no credibility But she says he said she's a Democrat which regardless of that but the fact is that it's unacceptable It is long and clear. Okay, thanks Here's the email address for governor a gexter jabboosh ad jab.org That's one of many way jabboosh one more jabbb us a jabboosh ad jab.org as an orgy Here's a call from western hello Good afternoon. How are you? I'm doing okay Quick quick good little statement there my boss is telling me that he just moved To bulk up about a couple weeks ago and they called him that you know firms that we registered You won't be able to elect you know cackas out in this election And then his wife will go for go for go or should that that's two more go try there But he's not pretty sad that you can register up until the week of the election Well, that's long Why why do you have to be that well, I'm not saying it has to be but that's just the way it is I mean I can't you know you're calling me here is another change a lot of things In fact, there are a lot of states where you can register on election day It's just another example of how the government is living in their power to discourage people from voting And then they like to bitch and ring their hands and say, well, nobody knows country wants to vote in the vote of killable turn out And yati yati on it There are places where you actually can vote and they're all kinds of different things Like an orgy on all the other there is no or a polling on election day It all comes in by mail which is probably why it's taken so long to get the orgy on vote They still haven't declared a winner in Oregon With their 7 electoral votes, not so that it's going to make a difference but that because they do it all by mail And I guess the mailman probably like to do with those social security checks they stopped you know taking a little coffee break Well, let's say that here's what's like one of those ballots, what's your hold it up to the light there Just kind of with it open and see if I agree with it or not And then we will just kind of shmit can it Here's a lady in point and beach hello I mail me I'm doing okay Before I say for me it happens to me I move from my run by to point beach Oh, and it's no better and when I went to change my driver's license they did a voter registration And they asked you the questions and they gave you the card to sign this is for the voter registration I did it I signed it along with my husband When I came front to vote in the primary for you know the primary election and the last one was on my neck I couldn't expect to find my name we have a have me and my husband independent I've never been arrested in the country Oh, the Democratic I don't know if I'm a Hungarian delirious they couldn't give a blue or holler Um, quote up the voters the vote of registration this report couldn't give a blue or holler So really if people don't want it Over you can't go for the president, but if you're in a chemical extended or you know down to the blind Yeah, go You can't go Well, good luck to you sweet. I'll make sure they straighten it out I'll definitely have another election I'll see you. Yeah, I'll probably want my dial up to in the public service Okay, good luck straight into that in the lineman They should have given them a front end line that they're on those battles. That was the problem Here's a question on the fact that says if ballot boxes are sealed, I make sure they haven't been tampered with how could they use them to store office supplies Good question And because the one they showed on channel on CNN earlier Was locked it had a had a padlock on it They'd be put their toll phones to the little slot there and had a lock zone and they said, oh, now let's do whatever's due Leave them in boxes don't look at that and had a lock zone It's you open it up inside you'll find a bagel from the cream cheese and the chives too 22 before it's 2 at 5.6.0.0. Get the best of Neil Rogers 2000 Go to his next music store near your country to a end.com The best of me who 2000 with great hits. I need another portion and I need it. I'll steal my database and I'll buy it Hello, except suspended right off of the track. That's the real one Yoshi's 5000-? 4806 CD-J-Y-N. klar to sort the We are the key to Israel's perfect life. We are the key to Israel's perfect life. We are the key to Israel's perfect life. We are the key to Israel's perfect life. Life is of Israel's base with electricity. Go express life with James and David G. Bear it. I thought like it could send them hold in my headphones, try it. One, twenty-five, this all blows, you can say that again. Fate again. Thank you. Here's a fact from somebody who says, what did them again? Why? I keep talking to him and he runs out. So, I look up, he runs out. There he goes. He wouldn't know where the other was. All the QMVanets at the Citroes gang station at the 58th Avenue in Highland, and from that old two, another fifteen minutes, how they doing over there. We do have a castella, but oh. Well, no, we can go there, I guess. Anyway, here's the fact that this is I'm so certain that the bushes and the Republican gang party made sure they had a dirty plan and went to your bush of a crazy adiata. It says, if you want some interesting reading regarding Reagan, Bush, that's pop-abortion, Cheney, and they're too agendiferous country in the reason why it's so important to them that they win a selection plus them really enlightening information about how co-op they really are by thisbook at amazon.com, Transformation of America, PRA and CE, Transformation of America. It's fifteen bucks by Kathy O'Brien and Mark Phillips. Thank you, M. Marhoe, whoever you are and like even names are on there. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, Neil, I'm just wondering if you could find out and what's on beach on the road about it because you can't look on the other side of the road. Who is we outside of Bush and if that's not an effect too, I have an early question. Otherwise there wasn't anybody on the other side of Bush. Okay, that's what I was wondering, I thought maybe you know, they might have some, another one on the other side and it's for it to clear that up. No? All right, thanks sir. Okay. Nobody on the other side of Bush. Let me get said if I got in here. We only got sixty thousand pages of crap plus I'm totally into a hint from six and about three hours. But that's okay. That's okay. We're here to do our duty to do our best even though my afternoon, my level of optimism on a scale of zero is minus zero minus infinity. No, there's nothing opposite Bush. It's kind of a hefty really see it. In fact, you can see it by going to, I'm glad you called because it reminds me I forgot to mention this Rick Packed Faction in this. If you want to see the Palm Beach Ballard and see why it's so confusing, go to this website, www.sundescentenal.com slash elections slash Palm Beach Ballard.htm. Oh, you could go to our website. Oh, we got that on there? Yes. Oh, great. Nice going there, Eric. Sweetheart. Go to newrogyz.com, like I said. But thanks anyway, Rich, and we go to my Paul Harvey Jr. Oh, in fact, it was a guy that was a guy at the Game Last Week at the hockey game, sitting in front of me with who he would totally encode Bond out of his skull. It was wife or girlfriend or whatever. Santa front of me didn't belong there. The furs came and kicked them out and they came back again. Turned around and said, oh, it's not a decent in front of him. I'm a friend of Paul Harvey Jr. I sure hope he's not there tonight. Here's Miami, hello. Miami. You know, sir, you're saying something to think about. I'm a long time Republican. But I am so picked off at Bush. First of all, they started cutting down these citrus trees. Oh, wait, one sentence. I want to assure them that should the election go the way that we think it will. That I will work hard to earn their confidence. Mark has a long tradition of uniting once elections are over. Secretary Cheney and I would be everything in our power. Chey and I too nation to call upon the best. Yeah, to bring people together after one of the most exciting elections in our nation's history. Yeah, a stick to it. That's all I had to say. Blue blue blue blue like that. Go ahead. Okay. First of all, Bush is starting to cutting in. You can get out of citrus trees here and here and south Florida. Yeah, but people are making $100 tree. Somebody's becoming millionaires. That's right. Go to the about citrus trees. Yeah, like think about this. What are coincidences? A week or so before the elections, they stopped cutting down the trees. Well, that's why I said when a release came out that they put a hideous on it until November the 8th. And I said, that's cool. You know, because the February has happened to be the day after election day. Exactly. How to cite out of mind? Exactly. All right. I'll give him a little bit. I sent emails to Bush and I haven't heard anything yet. Yeah. And so ticked off with them. It makes me sick. I think I really believe that this got to be a recall campaign against you. But she's got to go. This is the corruption in this state and the flossing of the world of public. I mean, this man is crooked as it is long. So I just wanted to bring that out to everybody so they can think about it. We don't have a real government anymore. Can we have a wall family now, the Bush is. to be the candidates but now we have the bushes. Yeah. Yeah. Let's send some emails out. Let's see if we can stop them. Okay. Thank you. Good luck to us. 560-505-60 on the AT&TL. So what was it that he just said? George W. Yeah. He said I'm going to win. He said the fixes in. I got to win. Something like that. He said he said when he was on TV last night from the room, he said he said a subliminal message who all his supporters down here in Florida. But Neil Roger shows. Sports radio. 560-2A. And he's got a big hard on it. I've had the time to pass the bag. I think it took a while. I wish I had my morning bath. And I'll do much for that. And I'll do much for that. So what I can tell is that it's worth. I'm going to go crazy selling mall. I'll get to you with me for the time. And now we're getting wrong. You're shopping at the right thing. Oh, it's not. Oh, it's not. It's not. It's not. Top 3 doesn't have jeans with coats. Or they seem filled with rope, but they don't really have this. They way improved even with hard and ready. So now coming down from Illinois on 1,1 or 2 years. And eventually I got to play behind. Mority Area for Lucas. And I'll post the name here. Do you want me to post it free with the exclusive logo? Yes, this is this video. That right thing for Nagasehkaolap. 5655050. If you think it ain't those numbers, if you're looking for some help, if you try to vote in Palm Beach yesterday, and you thought that you've all got wasted and want to point for the wrong candidate, or if you tried to vote anywhere, and you weren't allowed to vote, or you had any other kind of a problem or irregularity. Not that kind, but a photo irregularity. Just check on neoogs.com, which is a lot easier than giving you 85,000 websites, and the air flow has as much of it as we can. It'll be there. Here's the mobile and broken. Hello. Is it a female? Chances like you. Okay, I never called before. It looks like every day, but today I kind of felt compelled to. I don't know if anybody presented this scenario, if you're yet to, I feel like I got full yesterday, like I left a game before it was over. I was in line and Western with my girlfriend, so somebody had a mobile TV, and then asked that for her one slow. Right, this is just what I said before, saying, I went, I went home. I worked for a lot of the day. I'm tired. Nice going. Nice going. You're an actual net, where she was a bunch of grave robbers. I'm going to read it. These people know you're not the unit, the people in the media are the idiots. And I went to sleep when I got home. I woke up today, and I got, I actually want someone on tell you this story. I am pissed off. Yeah. I started, waste time. No, no, you're not wasting my time. I've never had a job. I've never had a job. Maybe you imagine how many other people probably did the same thing. Yeah, we, when it happened, it was like, it, it was like it was, it came when you go home. It was, I was, I was, people all around me doing it. I didn't leave alone. Okay, cool. I was going to make me do again. Thanks a lot. All right, good luck. Thank you. How do you like that? Just what we said earlier in a show. And it's not only a Democrat, same for the Bush people up there in the, the Panhandle, who are in a different time zone. I've been Penns-to-Colour for example, over in central time. You people of the networks, I've said it. I've said it for years now. You're irresponsible. You're a bunch of great robbers. All you care about is who gets it on first. You've got no credibility whatsoever.