Oh, great. It's David Brown. Or, I'm six feet on your cell. All you think is of these oldest gets in colors. You've got to necessarily represent those of them. We've got guests to adapt advertising to agency. Now, here's Neil Roger on 560 QAF. That's Bush. Right now, for a while. Now, take you inside the governor's mention and tell aancy for there. Where governor, Jeff Bush, is seeing how things are progressing in the Bush County World. 76, 77, 47. Good morning, everyone. Good morning governor. Good morning governor. Good morning, all the days in the day. I'm in debt. 801 of the college of college. 804. I hear it's going to be not five. 86, 1918, 171 degree. 1927, 1928, 1929, 1930, 1930. On my white seventh birthday there, but. I'm going to be 2162, 4017, 2004, 1918, 2000, 4019. I think I'll be. Oh, my name is Jeff. Check it in. 41. I don't want to be involved. 42. Hey, I want to send you a birthday card for. Are you still at 4,000 by the old maple lanes? 4,013, 4,000. 4,000. 6,000. 4,000. 5,000. 4,000. I've got hand job done along, john. I've taken over a while. Hey, what did I tell you before I left? Didn't I say that when I got back, he was going to still be going on. I would pick up regular, or give us a hop on. I said, all of those things. You bet you screwed inside. And I got news for it. It's getting a little bit on me upon the rest of it. All this crap, yeah. Really ponders. It's just exactly what I told you. They're trying to spin the rear end. And they're just about, they got, they got, it's kind of like when I go to the Algo seems to pardon you now and answer them. I got the key. It won't fit in the lock and it won't open the door. But you got the key out and you get my right to stick it in. And there are the door of the transition building, which is, nobody wants to let him in. But they're able to key in there right about to stick it in somewhere. In fact, I'm almost feeling, you're almost smelling. And I notice the ratings trend that came out. What did this come out? I don't want to bug you where you got them off for the yesterdays crappy food. I didn't want to get this trend came out. This abortion came out. Late Wednesday. Late Wednesday. And this is a very good reflection of what happened to these four years. I'm used to this. Not only didn't you take a big hit in September because the whole audience, allegedly, disappeared in one of those Albertron months. But also in October. Because the Bush people were all went, bye-bye. I believe that crap. No, we don't. Bye-bye. Because all of a sudden, Rush has been on a year off for about a hundred years in this market. Never did a guy named thing here, except from old people, old and not even into it. But all of a sudden between 10 and 3, especially between noon and 3, you can depend on that. They all want to hear it, which is fine. People like the year somebody's faced up the day agree with. So a lot of people have banned it. Us for a while will be back eventually. But they're tailed between a race. Just like all your two-in-friends. With George tells me they're excited news that now he's the Antiquest. He's like, this may be like Chupacabra Jr. But now he's the official Antiquest because now the Spanish language radio stations have labeled in his part of the New Rogers homosexualization. There are a lot of it that he is. He's the uh, underwhelming for under something. As if they don't have enough important things to worry about. And how come it is that this kid that is being held over there in Chupa, that's uh, no, what is it? The mother that's over there with a kid and the father is over here and wants to some back over here. Are they making a big deal about that? Oh, no, they're too busy down there in my any day. Yellow, where are you? Where are you? I said, it's not that you don't go understand. It's not a mob. Because we haven't know there is no mob. Is there such a thing as a mob? No, there is no mob. But let us in. George is clearly yesterday. What should our group do? Kind of like our Latino and the godfather. What should I do? What should I do? Step up this side of the face. Maybe wake him up already. You see, one thing about these two candidates, they aren't any better now than they will be for the election just like I told you, they both suck. And the only reason I voted for Go on, the only reason that I've been praying like crazy. Playing do as well. And his way in there is just to keep for shot. Not because Go is any good. Because they both suck. All from the suck. And what a surprise that Cheney had another hundred times. I met you when it was just like me. I thought I wasn't having a bit Cheney last week. That's going to be the new name anybody at the internet. I have a little bit of heartburn. Real bad gas. But what's in the heart attack? We just just pain. No, this is a pain. Yeah, that's just me. And your doctor's going on nothing just last two or just a second. Not our journey, but George is done with W. Because he'd be smart. He's not like Fred or he's smart. Can't you tell? So anyway, Sunday night we get home from the approaches at the time. The turn on and there's Bush mechanism. Hey, I am the president. We once page. And even Chris Matthews that way, weighing a group all in, I said, We see that Nazi that Chubby, Nazi, and drag. I think he's going to roll up with Russia's. But I'm here. Even he comes on there and headward myth. That it was the most pale ghostly performance in this. He looked like the deer in the headlights again there. He was trying to read it off the teleprompter. And he looked like he was scared to met the steam of the woods out of his mouth. But who I think we got in? I think we got in. And you also must keep in mind, isn't it fascinating what a genius Jeb Bush must be. That he was able to tell his brother that he won at two 30 in the morning on the election night. Out of six million plus votes in the state, we now have a difference allegedly a 537 in favor of W. And Jeb move all along. Don't sweat it. We the fixes in. We got it. What did you receive must be? And of course he's put on his bag act like all of his recurs himself. But if you read between the lines and we need some of the international newspapers, a lot of the articles that probably weren't read about here is that Jeb has been working real hard in the behind the scenes. To do everything is part of make sure that brother gets in. And of course we know that you know what we ought to do for a poor the day. We ought to find out who's got the best eyelashes. We really can't let Harrison maybe care more than Palm Beach. Huh? We'll save that poor for one day later on or we'll give a good to scrap over the way. To earn this poor yesterday, what should our world do? Take it from the river. 500 and 2. Of course, keep in mind that all of our bush people pretty much are gone. Bye bye. They're all waiting for. They got their videos on Dr. O'Rourne. I'm waiting for it to warm up for a big bad rush. So they can hear him repeat the same tired or fascist crap that he's been spewing for years. All the same wise, all the same BS. All the same pure unadulrelated crap. I'm tickled to that. He finally needs that on here for 100 years. I've finally got a number because they're all old. But that's okay. That's only a trend and they'll be gone after the election is over forever. I've got an airfactor. Finally, little inwards in his market. 500% gross should take up to 11 62.1%. 3006 that he should throw in the towel. 37.8% of 800-8 boats. Pretty heavy duty to help consider which supposedly have no audience. Anybody believe we have no audience? No, no. It's just that the British people are being the honest people. You don't understand that. Just like Bush said, all he worries in people, although they do perform machines to hand counts because machines are more accurate. Are they more accurate? No. I mean, you talk about a line to the teeth. Everything is a line. I got an article from the International Hill Tribune, which is being printed to the New York Times Service from this past Saturday in November, 25, which I'm going to read in a couple of minutes. To show you how full of crab genes they could raise other fascist stars about the recounts and about civil ballots and all of a sudden crap. Right there in Texas they had a recap. Not we're not talking about 100 years ago. We're talking about in this past election. In the state of Texas. A hand recount. It was a hand job. That's right. They had a hand job in the state of Texas. And all the little ballots, every one of them, by the way, which you're here in the article, every one of the little ballots was counted. How do you like that? The respect to Texas. All these things that they keep making jokes about about simple ballots and pregnant chairs and all those other crap. It's a constitution. And if the fascist and James Baker were just under, they have a new legal team now. I think they're bringing in Johnny Coffring. I think they're bringing him in. And again, the legal team to take on the debris. It's just, you got to laugh at it. And when you people get no good cup and no good friends. I guess it's, I'm beyond that point. And I was over there for 10 days and a half to the end. But of course, when you got your satellite dish, you see an M, C, N, B, S, C, all of a sudden, if you can't get away from it. If a minute they had the TV turn on it. They were even in a lot of things music videos now. I was saying, hey, Bush got another vote. Yeah, well, nobody, you can't get away from it. It's party or party. Everybody will look. There's a poor for today. Who should rightfully be the next person? Bush or Gore? Did you rent that question while it was gone? No. Okay, well, I think it's, you know, this is just your opinion. Based on the election, the shenanigans, the, all of it, all these things. Who should rightfully be the next president? Bush or Gore? Pretty simple. And I brought back something really good beside the doors from Amsterdam or these are drugs, actually. These are for curds, these are cough capsules. Not that I had a cough, although I just think I was having a, a big change last week. Or at least part of that. But anyway, that's not it. Just got that refox. Let's talk about the, the Australia's news. That's more exciting than it's not really the, refox. This suffogitis. Yes, they had that ultrasound of a heart. Did you ever have that done? No, that's the need of saying ever. It's in full color. And you sit there on the screen and you watch the blood flowing in and out of the, the red, it's flowing in, I guess, in the blue and back and forth. And then they've done that stuff. And they've done computer stuff or whatever whatever. Whatever they're there. It's great. And then they've done sheet punches up a key on the keyboard on the computer. And now you see you see the, uh, heart waves. And you actually hear the, the heart of the, and the board going up. But that, the giant sucking sound. But I did bring back retard capsules, which I told you, very appropriate, not only for the men's material, but also for the, of orders out there, who can't seem to get it, or take it away. Anyway, I want to read your article on a second. 10 out of 10, 10 out of 5, 60, WC away. No question of the third, I know the doofa-difficult. That'd be expensive. It can be expensive. No, no. You two are doing this. You've got to have broken correctly. Please, it's not fucking. And I got an entertainment tonight. George W, the election's over. Uh, what? George? George? The school coach. He got it. He got it. John? Absolutely. Absolutely. You two are. Good. You know, tonight, on entertainment tonight. Yes, I come to money. I'm free tonight. All right. That's 15 to 5, 60, WCM happy Tuesday, too. As the big goes on, even we can look this for like another month or so. All right. Smooth Texas rally dimples and all. The headline in this article from the International Hill Tribune this past Saturday, November 25th. It says state law and common sense that account is trouble free recount. On Monday morning this morning last Monday, county officials gathered on the second progress with county office building in Tyler Texas for a hand recount requested by Bill Hollewall, I Republican, who had apparently lost this bid to once seen an incumbent they representative. Sheriff deputies were posted outside the door. Eighth Democrats and eight Republicans broken before groups of tables set up around the large room and began to go through the 11,121 computer cards one by one. By mid afternoon, they were finished. Ten ballots on which voters had depressed but not punched out the paper squares or Chad had been added to the count three from Mr. Hollewall and seven for his Democratic opponent Bob Glaze. There were no disagreements, no partisan decree over the dimple of Chad. Mr. Hollewall's defeat was confirmed. It's very obvious when you see how they have invented it said door is donkey, the deputy clerk and charge of elections in Smith County. Common sense just tells you that's the intent of a murder. While four election officials have dragged through the courts of the disputes of a what kind of dimples count in which kind do not count, the legislature and classes have made it much easier to handle such recounts. A Texas law enacted in 1993 says that local election officials can count dimple ballots, provided we be nearly in 10 of the voter. When we started this recount, the Secretary of State's office told us we'd have to use our own judgment about what the voter meant. It's an early craig of the public, a county judge who worked with Bill Martin and fellow Republican on the recount of votes in Mr. Hollewall's race. Nationwide, the kind of guidance that is drawn from Texas law is rare amid the patchwork of tradition, regulation and common law that governs the counting of votes. In California, a card that hasn't been fully punched can be recorded as a vote only if the Chad hangs by a single corner. In Ohio, where state counts of courts have thrown out dimple ballots, the Secretary of State has directed the Chad hanging by either one or two corners, the counted as votes. The state of Washington let each county make its own rules and some different options. But Texas largely follows the rationale of some of the state courts that have spoken on issue such as those in Massachusetts and Illinois. In its decision Tuesday, the Florida Supreme Court did not establish any clear guidelines for judging bill ballots, although it cited approvingly in 1990 Illinois Supreme Court ruling that said the intention to the voter should be given effect even if pieces of Chad were not completely dislodged. In Florida, a Palm Beach County Circuit Court ordered the county's election board to consider up to 2000 intended valid ruling that the canvassing board could reject bill ballots only after seeking to determine the voters intent. In Miami Bay County, county officials had separated out thousands of bill ballots when they stopped the recount Wednesday. Texas officials contended their law adopted in 1993 before George W. became governor set the tough standard for dimple Chad. It's a fairly high threshold, so Jeff Hugh Banker's assistant to the Republican Secretary of State, Elton Bormour, Bush appointee, it has to be an ascertainable or measurable intent of voter. Smith County officials had no trouble with that standard, Mr. Hollwell, who pre-almusted raised by 2000 votes, the matter to recount. Mr. Hollwell also exercised his statutory rights to specify whether he wanted it by hand or by machine. The right given the candidates in the 1997 reform signed by Mr. Bush. The renewed disagreements on any of them, Judge Cakes, said of the dimple ballots. In fact, there were no dripper ballots that were not counted. There were lots of folks there, Judge Cakes, said on everyone it was really easy to say, this was the voters intent. Judge Cakes said that even if there was no proof of race, the dimple would leave a gap in the pre-punched Chad, that would allow a tiny bit of right to. The main ones we changed were once you could see the right to, he said. Mr. Hollwell gained a handful of votes across the three counties that make up the district in the vertical. How do you like that? And like I said before, I wrote from vacation. The idea that this country with all of our technologies going to have elections with punch cards, with all of the technology that we've got, what we had these touch screens in some states or at least in parts of some states in some counties, touch screens. And then after you make your selection, just like when you go to the bank of the late TM, is this what you really wanted? Yes, then you go to the next screen. Instead of this cock and any crap with butterfly, balance and dimples, Chad, and all of this shuttaker. And the main thing I ever wanted is arguing about this, like this makes sense. Does it make sense? No, of course not. This is supposed to be sure God damn importantly, sexual Kalki Tellmers. This is so important. And the meantime, and they also keep by the eakin about the fact that half or more people usually don't bother voting, even a presidential election. And if there's anybody out there, I asked a question before I left a vacation and I could always my time asking me to get again. But if there's anybody out there who really believes that we'll ever re-know the two outcome of this election, you're wish one up your back on air. Okay, you're wish one in the dark. I mean, I think I got a pretty good idea. And I think the bush people got a pretty good idea too. And the group people got a pretty good idea. I think they all know the girl run. He won the popular vote by over 300,000 votes, and he's got a way he should have won the elected college by letting Florida. Otherwise, what would be the hysteria? Why do they keep stalling and stalling in the lay of the hand counts? If there would have been stalling in the clearing in the hand counts, there could have been done days ago. And if bush there would have been a hit, fine. You're in here's the keys. Have a nice time. That's right, too much. Especially by your driving. And let me say it again, there are one sentence from your article I just read. Thousands of ballots in Miami, Dave County. Bimper ballots. Not ballots just with no vote. Under vote over vote, no. We're talking about ballots that were dimpled. There were set aside. But never were counted because among other things, David lay he is a spymeless coward in the national. Make no mistake about that. At least. That's the biggest thing I can say about him. And of course, we had a couple under votes in Palm Beach County. But they couldn't finish quite in time. One of the reasons they didn't finish in time is because they kept the one counted in the Wutters. Oh, we're starting. We're stopping. We're thinking about it. Maybe we should go ahead. Maybe we shouldn't. Maybe we have to wait for somebody to pass on ahead and say, okay, it's going to be all right. If they jumped with all started and kept going right on to this would have been over the time ago. And that's what we do. We have to be talking about that alien junior, whatever that kid name is. And of course, there's a part of the spym game that they're loving now, and that's a while talking about the Republican do. Like you see these pairs, the public said, getting impatient and a course they're getting impatient for quite an hour because it's the fifth and 28th of November. The election was three weeks ago today. And we're going to show the attention span and let's face it. This is no joke. We had an insatiable appetite for that. We couldn't get enough of that. That could be good. That could be good. I'm not. But for stuff like this, especially when you're dealing with two of the most boring people in the history of politics. Excuse me, four of the most boring people in this year, politics. The public can't get reverted excited about it. The election passed through because this is supposed to be very, very important. All sorts of things are hitting on this. And I'll say it again when you've got all this amazing technology. And when there's flush and money down the toilet, like it's coming out of a faucet, I'm talking about our tax dollars to think that they couldn't afford a few billion dollars to make sure that every state had to be our technology so that your vote really does count. Instead of all those rhetoric about it, we're supposed to be counting. Then I'd be impressed. But this is a joke. And of course, they just like another article I read right after the election. They love doing this. They love the paper balance because this is the greatest way for anarchy, frankly. This makes it possible to fix the Russians. All these action-feed ballots, all these phantom ballots. How about up there in what's there on that county, how do you handle even the hood and a NASCAR county? I don't even know we had a NASCAR county in Florida. They did the manual recount and they came up with the 51 extra votes for granted. So now we don't like that number. We like the machine count better so that's where that one is. Who I find up there, the secretary of Bush. How do you like that? Just out of the trail. I mean, we know that we got 51 more votes for the goal here. So we're going to go back and stick with the machine count. Yeah, I wouldn't think. And this is the these are the people who trust people, the Bush people. They trust people, but in this case because it's not convenient for them. Because they just make it up as big or wrong anyway. Whatever they're speaking for them on a given day, then they like machines better. Even though it's proven that there's a 2 to 5% error by the machine count. And if you're going to declare a president based on a 1,000th of a percent of the vote in this state, then it seems to me that accuracy is what we should be looking for. It's never looking for a goal of excuse me. I'm sorry. Here's a call that I haven't heard. Hello. Hello. Yes, you. Yeah, I can give the proper time for. You know, I think to me that the the the feeling I'm going to is what that's going to be. Because all the human society that is called president, president, the the the the kid that was father. They're having an ice like, okay. Here's again. I want to talk about area on again. Two, I mean, about you people, both of you people shouldn't be allowed to vote the first place. How smart you have to be to punch a guy, being card. I mean, that's another issue here. Oh, yeah, the ballot was illegal. And yeah, there are a lot of dumb people who don't have to be a genius sexishized you right to vote. But how stupid is it possible to be? I mean, if you want to come up with reasons, how about we off later? There's 98,000 votes in Florida. How about two elements who blew up in the gross face all over the South? And who knows, and of course, right here in Florida, how many thousand votes did you rule them and cost is the post of the one that he gained? And what about all those thousands of absentee ballots from Israel? They share up. I don't think so. No. So, I'll tell you a song in a dance about it. We've just seen that. No, I'm glad to hear this now. Now we got somebody who really that this town specialized that because what it really boils down to is David Leahy and big county. That's and I also said that on election day before the first vote was even while I guess I'd already vote. But he promised to be voted. I say, here's one time when you're vote's going to make a difference because South Florida is going to decide the solution. And a lot of people probably thought I was nuts. I was right on to head my thumb on it. And they carry as usual can screw up or let through anything. I mean, you name it and they can't even do it. And here's a guy and Evan Ture wants to start screaming with a Cuban begin. So I'm not going to participate. Call up one of the Spanish language radio stations and go, fuck that, fuck that, fuck that, fuck that, don't know. They'll tell them what you're talking about. Yeah, start making God a little sound because I'm nauseated with that crap. How about the illiterate people out there? I don't want to get into an ethnic thing here on the side you have him to. But how about those illiterate people out there? They can't read. Well, all of a sudden turn out in these great numbers, but couldn't cast their vote because they took that damn stupid. How about the elderly and the infirm who didn't have to have fun punched this thing all the way to. So forget about the ones who are confused by the duke and take. Who thought they were votein for James, you can't forget about them. I mean, we're talking about a lot of stupid goddamn people out there if you ask me. It isn't rocket science. But it's a cubic. In fact, we need any shaper. It works. Kevin. Kevin. And you know something, I saw on CNN that the big scene that Marba had in big county, all those people. And now you can see any of them that look there. They're all screaming in English to me. Let us in. Let us in. None of them look cute in the name. And believe me, I can tell. Oh, yeah. That game you know that first game thing. Of course, I was watching over their names. You didn't even just outside the window. Floridian. Don't have dirt. Say it against we'd art. Come on. Floridian. Don't have dirt. 1031 or 560WQM. So let me tell this for a minute. Total for a pan pyramid. 60,800, 80 bucks. So you get pretty good. All right. We got all of these. Send it to go yet. And a couple more days in November. You can go to your spectres. All of us on for it. Including over there. There's close Naples and Fort Myers. Spectacles. It's like up the best of them. You'll see these in cassette. Let's do 100 key change. The main. I should point that out. Really? That's what it says here. Let's do 100 key change. The main. And the only way you're going to get those is on our van hits when going to go goes out in the QM van or two. I website, you'll watch.com or WQM.com. If you can go to that one which I doubt, but I mean, you know, they like get a couple extra hits on there. But do it. Let's get up over 100 grand. We're going to be pretty glad to be in terms of office over here. Five six are any or any ones working there or not. Because I know line five is still out of operation which I see is what's that. But about six months. Yeah. Whatever work these guys don't come back and start pitching. You got a nice check for a being a way. Pretend days again. Five six seven or five six. Com five sixty on the AP and T and realize the one or the one. Here's my name. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. I'm a healthy class. My one. Oh, man. I need to go on that line to my money. The office just came and the office lost because they took up flying and they didn't play high enough. And I want to reach out. I want to. Who will be caught and make the judge. Okay. Great. Your real genius. Call up for our show. Okay. Call up on your Spanish language radio stations. Everything is reduced to a ball game with people like this. Just like his assholes on there. Even James Baker and his other ladies. Well, you know, they want to change the rules of the ball game after the game is over. And actually what it is is that though the bush people want to declare the game is over in the seven pudding or that can the top of the ninth. That's what we both found through. So you're in television. You're in genuity just just astonishment. It helps me realize where I am that my feet are back on floor to soil. Thank you. Promoting the where I am. Thank you so much. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty. I think you can't see it. I think you can't see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think you can see it. I think I got Jesse down here. I got the Jams Baker here. I think we got every old John provocative that I was born. The hotbed of incompetence of crap. That's what they say specializes in. Whether it's Ali on while you name it. We got it. We have an un and never ending your supply. Just open up the window. Just take one quick sniff in your smell. Yeah. And you'll over your arm. 21 before 11 in 5 60 WQW. 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 20 16 20 20 20 20 40 20 20 20 20 with T-stroke I do love this election but you okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay okay They just don't understand. The fix was in before any votes were counted. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Mobile and West Palm. Oh, they must be still trying to find which holder stick it in. Here's a lady mobile and Cooper city, hello. There. Yes, ma'am. I had something to say about this election. Yes. There's what it's been counted in West Palm Beach and Miami Bay. 99 Cent aторов and half Four, six owners. circulation, Get the money what you have to do when your house is loaded. To give you somebody a любой line of no poking or taking your base is an risk tragedy to keep your home free and take them. everything in his power to make sure that people's voice is perfect. And I'm sticking to these poems. Nobody's called me. And ask me what I think the election's over or not. Okay. Good luck to all of you. I've got to ask you about a George W. Bush. Sarah the state of Florida. He's still in the middle of the year. He's running towards the state of the election team. And because he's inevitable it's going to happen. He's both for the big county. And he's going to be stopping his track. Okay. Well, cross your fingers and your legs. That's a good idea. At least the last part. 560, 560, pound 560 of the 1810 Verizon Wireless One. Our poll, 84 votes, who should likely be the next president of your opinion based on all the events all of these things? Will it 60, 2 Bush 22, 70 or 4% of the 26%. How do you like that? First that's our heavy-go audience. And then of course we have some emotional cripples out there. Some mutlings who are craving and saying, why don't a Bush wanted to give a payment to all over. Okay. I mean, if you feel like strongly about them, why did you bother voting in the first place? And if you read that ignorant and that stupid and that easily swayed by the spin-backers of the far right, the spin machine. Even your, even your goddamn washing machine, don't spit it this hard. If these were public enough, I've been spitting your business. As they try to pure what and spin their way into the White House. So I'm surprised. Forget about the key to that goddamn the transition team office. Forget about that. I'm surprised that I tried to knock down the doors of the White House. Here's a call from Sanford, huh? Yeah, Neil. Don't give them any ideas. They will be knocking them down. The machine camp, that was all I would with the Bush folks because they were behind a couple hundred votes. Han camps would be the next post-blank since twice. They would have said, what do we have hand counts in Texas and it works just great. And why don't you like those? Like I said, whatever is expedient for them to end the thing is quickly as possible for one is the right head. And to avoid counting votes that they're pretty sure are going to go the other way. Then that's good. That's great. Right. And there were six Republican counties in Florida that were hand count. That was correct. And that was good too. That was fine. But anyway, the seminal county was also fine in ASL County when they did the hand count. They had 51 extra votes for Bernie. They said, I would not think so. We'll go back to the media machine count. That was fine too. Actually, that was the check on, that was the automatic machine recount that gave Gorifetit to one votes. And they said, forget it. We went that original count from election. He liked the first member. That was better. The seminal county case with the, with the 4,700 illegal ASL T-Boward, I guess you all heard has been moved to Leon County. That's supposed to be heard, I guess today. And then the Andre Padallol, student Palm Beach County for the river, is also going to be heard by the Florida Supreme Court. So that would be surprising that the Florida Supreme Court does show river. But you know something? I said it during before the show. I've been talking to other people about this. The worst people may really want to be impacted probably thinking about it right now. Maybe they should have been quite so harsh in their comments about the Florida Supreme Court about how they rewrote the law and changed the rules in the middle of the game. And they all, they all, they've done things because they just tracked the Florida Supreme Court. And these great states rights people. And now all of a sudden that the issue of the report is in the pump in the Florida Supreme Court. They may want to get in the air. Well, it's only up to only up to Washington and the Florida, and the Florida. The Florida. Okay. The Florida pump. Yeah, damn God. Yeah, yeah. Okay, sorry. 560, 5056, the Palm 560, on the 18T and Verizon River. I was like, where did I have a plague of locusts that get lower to so pissed off? Even though he's a loving God, we're going to have a plague of locusts because he's so pissed off about all these things. You're right. You marked my words, man, because I would have to borrow them and hard of time. You know the food, that's right. I thought I was having to dig teaming myself. There was a squirrel right across the screen on the outside of the time. The outside, thank God. My pet is my dog's right out there. We're screaming in the oven. I think that was the sign. No, nobody laughing about. There was a guy named Squirrel. In my dogs, we're out there trying to grab his nuts. And that's a sign from God that this is just the beginning. You ain't seen nothing yet. Wait until you wrap up your goddamn window on a nice floor. They're like this. They're going to air the house up. And all of a sudden, a plague of locusts, men and women come flying in there. Because this Lord above that you crazy people out there keep talking about this, this Kaka, this nonsense. This wrathful, a hateful, his wrath is waxing hot. Just like my heartburn. Oh God. What if you're better now? Well that's a good piece of advice. When you have that little argy that you know, in your body just steal from my cash. First thing I don't really remember, this is the right answer I had that like bored my heart feeling and it wasn't really my heart. And later in bed, and I'm just, I said to myself, I'm getting everybody gas. And it's very, very. I'm not in the soul body and I got up to it the more next morning. I felt great. When in bed, it out. I'm telling you right now. Because God also invented that. Here's a lady in Bokha, hello. Hello, get me. And he invented that aroma because with the yes man. Good morning. I would like you to tell your listening to that tomorrow. If you're going to become a sick 30 at the. That way. Or a little bit. Is this some rally you're having? Yeah, I think. Okay. I'm not. I'm not playing again. We don't want no pot looks. I'm not participating anymore rallies in most of the suburbids. So, be the. I'm I'm sick of that. I'm tired of it. You know, and next thing they'll be bushing in people with growing legal men. First we had to lose women. Placards and I will be growing women. A ritual once again. There are bussing in their agitators. They're in the corporate crap already. Well, yeah. Or what's the point? Every damn court in this state is busy right now. The judges don't have time to go pick a crack. They're so busy. It's in the courts. We're able to be resolved. For right or wrong or whatever. But that's what's going to happen. All new rallies and all you're patching around and all your scream is isn't going to do a better good. Not going to do a single better good. Keep your officers true, I guess. But you think where the holidays come up. You have better things to be doing right now. Let's get that economy going. God damn it. I see the NASDAQ and another night. Which see my philosophy now is fine. Let it go down to 2000. That's when you move in like a vulture and you gobble it all up. And then you want to go down about 1200. And that asshole out there. All these experts. Everybody's an expert. And I was talking about shit. And I was up to like it was actually up to 31 one day. That's about 28. It's hanging in there. But I think it's making a little bit of a comeback. If it ever gets close to 40, you just wait and see how fast I saw like crap. I mean that the good 4.0. You've got it about 750. 350. 300. Hey that matured man. Do you know what? Yeah. He on the crap. Yeah. He has nothing. He hasn't got a clue on anything. Then of course there's always remember what I do. I said I hit it some oil bar and it's just bought up 30 billion shares of zero ox. I'm gagging on it just negative about it. You know something I think we have a sick building here. I'm gagging. I mean I have a really big one. Huh? This is not a question you're building. No. Still. You need to get less of that air somewhere. At least your incense. No. That's not me in here. We just bad. You almost see the haze. More than North Miami. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Nobody talking about the real public here. Who's the blame for all this massive we're in right now. Yeah. Who's that? The man hasn't got in and we wouldn't have to be all the economy. No less people. Okay great. 560. 560. 560. On the AP. I think they got a club before the first guy in heaven tour was right about the Cubans. I think you had a good point. Here's cross-praying. Yes. Hi Neil. Yes sir. Welcome back from the Netherlands. Huh huh. George. Did a great job. Yes he did. Youngens work. He did youngens work. Huh huh. Listen. Did you see the article on the Wall Street Journal yesterday about how we the Wall Street Journal to right wing rang. Well, okay well they came out with the story that said it's the people that were there in Miami riding inside the building when they called off the count were brought there by Tom Delay with funds paid for by the Bush Kim. Right they were bussmen and they had all the fact that they were all the fact that I was there with a week and right they were a professional or genre of aquatron way. Well I think it's against the way they disrupt an election crisis. Well don't confuse people with the fact they still have fair and squirre. Don't you understand that sir when you go out you say they got caught though. They still have fair and squirre man. Well I think you're watching them in the process of being caught. Yeah. I mean a quality of conceited on you know election night they probably could have claimed they stole it fair. Well they gave it their best shot and that's why W. said hey my brother Tom may I won for it. I'll come here not conceiting. I can be changing your mind. I'd rather Tom may I want. Yeah. Thanks that are some on it. Well as Algor said your brother isn't the final decision maker. No sir. Well let's hope that the quits to the right thing. Okay. All right. You'll cross your fingers sir. I'm my wife. Sayable. Okay. He's on his knees. 5.6. 5.5. 6.5. 5.6. The rain left for a list of options. People are asking them for their. The registration of the. The other drivers license. Forms. Some of the nation. Yeah. He's talking this is the other issue. This is the shfartes were intimidated and kept from voting on election day. Because the bush people who damn well who those shfartes were going to be voting for their home. Well, go on. Dark folks. Really problem. This has to be stand over your shoulder and teach out a retail. You can punch through that thing next time. And just one of them please. This one hole. 1056 at 5.60 WQM. What we hear in our storage from Africa and I am the punching of the whole. I'm sorry. It's what I'm here. And paying a wicked price for it. But anyway. Another story for another day. And another show. I bet you'll already ask what we're talking about that. Oh no. Are you professional right wingers out there? The white males. That's where the problem is. Of course that's what they're audience. But that's okay. So by the way, when we did it, I get paid regardless. Right males. And that's where this whole big, lush, and baffing. All of a sudden I don't know where. This year they're here. Oh. He wrote it on his big fat goddamn pet pig. Yeah. For a radio five six week. WQM by having more blood or dead. A measly broadcast group station. WQM.com. Or the war. Only in the banana republics. Only in Miami. WQM. For a few years. This is a two year. This is a two year. This is a two year. For a few years. This is a two year. This is a two year. This is a two year. This is a two year. The rich spoiled person. This is a good chance. Just be happy. But be fun and do what all I can't pay for that. He's so good. We're going to grab the first people to go one up. We're going to go for the conclusion with the fact. We can't pay to that. He just disappeared. We look good all over. And it still aches. Hey, Trudgy. Junior, where'd you last? He's so high. You want to pay the full five down. That you can't fall for. You will enrich college. And a broken party. And you can't pinch. But that you're not drunk. But I'll wish it's like you. You can't fall for a judge. You can't delay. Just let the end of this. That's fun. For for Junior, the he's a sh**. For for Junior is a p**. For for Junior is a p**. For Junior is a p**. For for for Junior is a p**. For for Junior is a p**. For for Junior is a p**. For for Junior is a p**. For Junior is a p**. All right, Robert O. Kuele five six. The WQM. And like I said before, you're dealing with a raffle media. For you wish I think it's perfect for this country. I think it just fits like a rubber glove. And of course, if it don't fit, then it must be Polish men. This is exactly what we deserve. What you got there. I mean, these two suned actors, voice declaring. He and Cheney of the Berlin. In a ghostly performance that like I said in the first hour, even Chris Matthews can believe how GANSPLY and Rome test key look. Perify. Dere and the headlights will be in the south of the Dere of America. And then here's Grew as night. And it's mostly important five minutes of his life. To try to win his PR campaign. To try to stop that spin from moving out of control. And the other direction. And while I didn't see the whole thing, I mean, the two and the two men are going to clip that they showed on the news this morning. He was an, it would be an insult to cigar still Indians to make a comparison. It would be. He was more wooden than the skydden counter. I'm sitting in front of this piece of crap. And this is what they give us to choose from. And we supposed to get all looked up and I didn't. And then we're supposed to go and conduct what's called an election. And what's supposed to be the freest and most democratic country in the world. The bunch of paperer toy ballots with little swing and chads and pieces of crap floating out all over the place. And people holding it up to the right, people most of them are over the edge of 100. And it couldn't see if you stuck it right in front of the face in the ballot. So excuse me, if I hate if I fail to get as agitated in psychotic about it as most of you evidently are or at least a lot of you. because it's all said again. And I've been consistent all the way through. They're both crap. Bush is a bigger, more dangerous piece of crap, but they're all for them, pure on a daughter-ready crap. Where is Jesse if we can just hang on for four, three can years, for Jesse going to or the come riding in on his goddamn horse? Can't you just see that? Wading across the near, frozen tunnel of northern Minnesota. Of course, it's kind of hard to get across those great lakes, but maybe they'll freeze up just in time. Maybe it'll be an act of God at the Great Lakes. Oh God! Let's freeze over. And Jesse will ride it on his chariot. Right down there to Washington, D.C. and he has to leave the G.A., you don't understand that. No, Walt Washington. This is W. Talk. You got to talk, like good old guys out there, Washington, D.C. like you actually kind of a little little, like you are a little bit, which he is. Is he a little bit? He's dumb. Here's the need of springs, so. You need a spring, was that a hang up, or was that the, he just dropped it? I think he just dropped it in the phone too. Here's for waterdale, huh? Oh, well, yes sir. Oh, well, you know, anybody waking a limiter's guy down down. There's waterdale, speak to me sir. No, I'm sorry, my mind was floating. Okay, my apologies. How is your vacation for? Wait, sensational. Good, good. Now I'll back here with the same picking up where will we let the arm? I hope you don't mind if I get off the surface of politics, sir. Yeah, but I'm interested actually in your opinion about something. If you don't mind. And what is then? Well, first of all, I'll give you a little back. I'm 22 years old. Okay. I've been living in four-hawed, I'm now for about three months. I was born here. I was raised there, I guess. And I moved to Knoxville to see, well, and I probably found that with the show. I'm being serious. I'll send this to the side. Yeah. And she says me. I guess, come a lot of things, so I won't get into it. Well, let me teach you to say it to you. She said you from one. Um, my self-prodited and it did work. And she made me healthier. You know, I mean, I do a lot better without her one. Would you like to add to something? She's shaving you a bath? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. She didn't do that. I actually she was a dominator, so occasionally she did. But anyway, so about an hour, I'm getting back on the grain help. So I don't have too much money. Yeah. And I was kind of like a blighters-wise. I'm here to there. She's like a real. And I'm going to go. I'm going to go to back to see her. She doesn't know I'm coming. She has no idea that she was just down here two weeks ago and we could write about the same time together. And you know, all of you are saying, you know, all of us are passing the side. What do you think? No one's thinking, oh, one. What do you think I should go? You're calling, I have no idea who you are. I have no idea if there's salad matrix, what would they all choose all about? And you're calling some, some balls along a radio show to ask me about your wife. Well, you're not a boss. But if I'm talking to you, I'm going to have a course girlfriend, man. Get out of here. Okay. While a journey is still good. Okay. And then you'll feel, you're a good guy. You're almost a angel. I'm not better. I'm just trying to get a life. How does that time, pal? All right. Okay. Should I be a machine? Do you have any idea what he was talking about? No. No. Oh, no. Look, everybody can be a big shot like you. Ha ha ha. At least one good thing we won't have to be answered about those bonus checks anymore. Who won't? Not as the numbers keep on like those. Let's go to the summer. I got the summer. We've only the money yet to know a vendor for Christ. She just better calm down. You better know your place, Mr. Five, six, seven. So this guy's seriously. Get on the bus and go. What do you ask me for? Just do it. Christ on my head. Even not so kind of silver. It's pretty good compared to this joint. Just do a few more of these calls. If I haven't commenced you yet, you must do a few of these calls. You'll be flying on a bus. You'll be driving it. Here's a mobile and home order deal. Hey, I don't know. I'm doing great. I got a problem. You can take the next. I'm not sure if you can take the next. I'll be there. I have to kick him. Change the bigger. I would better him. Yeah. Yeah. What do they really flavor? They are all these people talking about how American public is moving his patients for this thing. It's good because the Republicans really didn't care about our patients when they want to not be dragged to some impeachment for a year. And no problem whatsoever with the American patient. That is correct. We're supposed to sit back and I'll ever long and take some of it in the O'clock. That's correct. Exactly. The other thing about time is that they're talking about December 12th. December 12th is a drop dead date. I don't really think that's true because, you know, according to Florida laws, if the election is over time, the judge will simply put it in order of ouster and they will remove whoever will be elected. And in this case it happens to be the electors. And so it's up to really not a winner. Yeah. So, more times than theory, I don't think any jury is going to do it. Well, I mean, that's what the law says. You know, the final thing I want to bring up is how are they going to deal with the latent problems of the fact that, yeah, I'll go or it entitled to the manual recount, you know, when they did the pre thinks it's repressing, they've sounded different. The law says they shall manually recount. So, how do you know, e-rect, how do you know, I can't say. I can't tell you who are the problem lies. Who's responsible for that? Those seven bozos on a fortest Supreme Court. What was the big rush? Why can they have given them two weeks? Why did they say that deadline? Especially over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend, weekend when they knew that it was virtually impossible for them to complete counting over 600,000 ballots in the day of counting by hand. Why didn't they give them like two weeks to do it? And we still had plenty of leeway before the December 12 deadline. Well, well, it's a pretty grim view. So, notice a clean court blurred big time, baby. Right. And James Baker said this morning that the Democrats asked for an extension. That's completely untrue. David Boyz not only did not ask for an extension, he suggested that the judge lift the restraining order on the certification, allow the certification to go through immediately and rather just prevent them from appointing electors. So, to say that the Democrats asked for an extension as a complete mischaracterization of what they were asked for, your right to supreme court to get upon themselves to make that extension. It was terrible in hindsight. Absolutely, the worst. I nailed it. Good luck to that. Yeah, it made it worse. It's said I'm making it better or made it worse because it's okay. So you can go ahead and we can't say that they have to do it in a half an hour. I mean, that's really what it boils down to. They gave them an unreasonable amount of time and we're saying, no, they couldn't get it done. So, rather than it was a catch-22. Or you say, 22, or brought Bush, they've got 22 more hoats. Yeah. Any number you say? You say a number in a state of four. You say it out loud. Yeah. He just got nine more hoats. That's a new floor to F and law, man. 10 passed 11 at five, she agreed. You know when you might need them as a buffer, you might need a cushion. I know that for God, you can love senior Rogers. Hey, hey, I don't know what I want faster. Shut higher and make that blind see again. Why? You want to move like a wind. So like an ego and raise people from bad dead. Oh, yeah. And that is only one feelin' nothing. And he's got a new air, he's just a genius. He's a genius. And so, when a pair of one will do the origami, it's a miracle. Come on, join, we'll get the day in the boldy power. Your pursued low focus and her Domps have carried you into her feet next year. Yeah, he's brilliant, while it's flyin' from where? 10 passed. And group your hand and head down like she had just left her face familiar. Fine, have fun. Come on. Beep beep. See the spirits raise, who flies in with so holdin' baskets. And ten continuators, who can dare it. Is filled with invites. Carefully rated by this team. And so every part of your four days or a week, what will I give no Lancels everywhere now with their sum up? So I'm not always possible for anyone in jail with it turned to one. Come and come and see. Look at the only air Jesus cost to it. Air Jesus. I'm still making you feel like you're holding your head. What was happening to five sixty WCM? Stump by the pack me, located at the nine sixty five not-her-world plantation for all your shipping needs and this holiday season mentioned, the allogers will give you 10 percent off. And we think them profusely for the great job they're doing, handing out of our shipping for our fundraiser. The sheer best of all time, parent of sixty thousand eight hundred eighty bucks so far it's okay. To it's really pretty good. Funding considering that it's just radio station. If it was on my radio station, we would have over 100 man already. But if John QAM, so we're doing the best of we can. So stop by specs and pick up our stuff over the new rangers.com please. And hey, Grover, get flying with it. We got Hank with Robert Jones at five, boot shop at six to seven fifteen. Who are cool basketball? I know I'd know Carolina Charlotte's at fifteen, but it came after the backsuit building. How come we haven't had no calls on week walks or stuff like that? So far. I'm here for the sale. Huh? So it's a lot more interesting to talk about this stupid guy down election. Certainly, if you had like bad the industry, which he would tell me just before. No. So the right thing is to look bad in the industry, and keep lying pie with a bar that's a lot. I don't know. Bad and a bad girl, Boyle glitch and getting the schmits. And it's bad. In this hands, there was real life. Not some bunch of bulls those up there that the one has to think is very important. Are they important? Oh, no, they're not important. They're about to answer the bunch of grave robbers. Reflex your self agitis. Just everything. Oh yeah. And it just then it gets up into your upper chest like on a side you know. And then you take it to heart thing. And then you get all panicking. And then you have that stabbing thing in the middle of your chest. And you think for sure you have a big chamey. Oh, wow. This is it. And then you go to your doctor. Yeah, you know my doctor is a cardiologist. You found out something you know something about yesterday about the heart. Now something at the hour of this time that you're sick. And his little friend Gary, how you doing? Gary. I was going to be your part. I went for my plan to answer them at my A. I'm sitting there in the, uh, I was in the lounge for one and I go down by the gate leading the board of the plane. My name is my own business. And here come two guys over to listeners and their friends have Gary from Dr. Dick's office. They're probably listening right now. And the whole conversation which went on much, much too long. And even when they got on a plane, I'm sitting there up in business class. And the shoppers that they are, they're passing me going back. And they're seeing me. I hate going to read my said Gary's balls. They're what? Gary, that's all he talked about. It's how they bust your eyebrows. They're going to knock on his door to the morning and waking up. Yeah. Well, what are you doing for a living? Well, I've got my scary balls. Yeah, I mean, what's your claim to say? I've got Gary's balls. But anyway, Dr. Dick knows his heart stuff. That's a great thing that the machine, I mean, I don't want to get to anybody himself upset. But at yours, hell, I mean, the heart test was good. That was important. But this is much more graphic. It's much more. And you are also there with a little bit of couchification. You know, that's your up and heart test. But much more beyond that. For a color no less. Can you never have that done? Yeah. Yeah. Just for the fun of, you know, that's not going on. Very soon, I'm sure. Although watching the heart is not a very pretty thing to see. It's a gross thing. I'm going to have a squishy in it. Yeah. But it really makes my life so true. So it's just to, well, let's go test. And it's like, comes through. And it's dark. And it said I have like a little bit of leakage in the order, which is not all the Not a big deal. I guess I've had that for a long time. I said, I said, it's definitely like a little leak. I've always said that. But anyway, it's okay. And I just got a lot of bad. Yeah. So if you hear some signs, if you are sitting around and listening to you radio and then, hopefully in the dark room, and you're snows something, you go in and out, you got to let it out. Crazy, great relief. Also, it's a lot of things here, like lose any excess weight, getting a paid of instructions, things not to weak. Faddy foods like those core cuts, they'll be no fatty food. Oh, sorry Scott. And no chocolate, can I? Now, I shouldn't be in chocolate in the first way. But no citrus. Or it's no citrus. No, no citrus. Like I can't cook. And the core was, man, I drank that so over there by the gallon, by the leader. I'll take me to your leader. I mean, just drank tons of it. And it was just, telling me, that core, even our camping free, but the core of thing, what is it in core about, is the killer? I don't know. More stuff in here. Huh? Can you have some more? I can have a couple of things up at the core of the real bad. Also, tomato products, like it's very hassyric, especially with Jeff Combrings, because it's a Jewish Italian for the real hot syric. By the way, sticking to the hot sydom, oh, correct enough in Israel again. I think it's the best thing this. Because over there, of course, we get CNN international, and then with all this stuff, they keep breaking and then, you're hooking up with the US food. But every newscast, the least story, Middle East, Middle East, in the middle. And then there's something I don't want to hear about the Middle East. I'm sick and tired of hearing. I don't hear about flying crap about the Middle East. They're all crazy. Whatever they get through the desert, all of them, every single one of them, they're crazy people. Oh, yeah, but we got a shooting camera, Star Wars TV and kid. Just so, what's it in the field better? Sure, Ron. I think it's just a real thing. If there was just a couple of us see you in the new area, he would be so hostile. So he can't see the guy that pictures on there. He would get him to cable up for the new area while he's sitting at peace of crap. That's that you. Oh, you shouldn't be saying these things. You're going to first there was a bush people in the chase away. That's going to be the old Jews. But you know how to cut to bed. We're at a vote. Yeah, have somebody put you for it in a ballot too. You silly old Jews and Palm Beach. Serve you right to vote. You know, some bits. Now that I look at it, I think it serves a microphone. You can't at all a misery that they've voiced it on the rest of us. All these old Jews down here. Serve you right. voted for a Nazi, huh? And James Baker by the way, said they're going to track down those Jews. The voter group we can't even walk a free-tac to for Hanukkah. That's what you said. No, no serious, not kosher. Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. I made it for sunrise already. All right. You're hitting the right direction too. You're in Bologna. You got out of Palm Beach, Hollywood. They can't play. Pull one and one together up there. It's a game. They're in here. I know it's a long time. This is the judge report. So whatever his name is. Why? Why? Why? I would just go through the radio. Somebody talked. And he says, you know, he's winding that the Democrats. So you know, it's kind of steel the election. And to prove the point, he says that popular neo-Rage and San Jose I applaud. It told everybody to vote 100 or 200 times. And then he went away on vacation. Can you bring this? Yeah. Can you bring what he said? You're not seeing any desperate from a serial. Yeah. You said you're a neighbor. Did you tell people about 100 times? I was so sure. It's over the list of the means that it wouldn't be in this. That's right. Now. That's slow. Okay. Good luck to us. That's right. What is really desperate? That's all I've met. Just tell the name out. I can use all the publicity I can get. 560, 5050, 60. Here's the Schneiderliner again. Hocken and trying to base from disappearing. Yeah. Disappeared police. And they'll come back. Of course, this has been a tremendous banana. CNN, MSNBC. CNBC. Even at awful white wing Fox News channel. The little swastika in the bottom of the corridor of the screen. The banana for them. The ratings have been in the crapper. These are most of ours right now. For a long time, the life's clipping the headroom is alien. And then we went through months of despair of desperation. And we're watching that nobody really seemed to care about. And all of a sudden we get, we get a goddamn gold mine man. Like Diana said, we struck the mother load. Do you think these people have any idea what I'm talking about? No. No. Okay, I'm enjoying it. Here's Pablo B. Chilow. Hey, you're all right. Okay. One of your conservatives looks in the mirror. Get one of the few. One of the two that has, of course it's not known yet. So I don't know, I guess you'll be hanging over the room. I found out the work that I'm listening to. I'm listening to Rush. I tried to listen to both sides. I want to do one. I want to comment on what happened in Miami. And if you don't hang up on me, talk about the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, What happened in Miami is, you know, the way I see it. You might disagree with me. If you see people are, we're counting votes, decided to count most. And then turn day at the side of the building and take the 10,000 votes and move behind closed doors. And count. That's when the quote on quote, liar broke out. So I'm, in other words, they should have just like all those hundreds and hundreds of people who were brushed in those professional advocates, they should have just let them in there and had chaos. And then I'd be, what would you expect, you know, from your point of view, if you had three Republicans, it wouldn't take votes that had not been counted yet. And then we're going to go behind calls for doors and comma, what you know, three bounces. You're going to tell me that the work of the any observers watching this procedure. Absolutely not. Newly, the first one, the final off. You said, you said, you just want to send here. The first one, you use week was screaming a lot of an impact. Well, I, I wasn't here. So I can't really comment on that. And I don't have a reason to doubt you. But if that's the case, it just proves to me that David Leigh, he has even done that already said he was. Well, you know, I didn't just go to say, I mean, I really can't fall somebody for one to make sure they could at least see how the vote was counted. It's my same as one of those. That's why I wanted to be seen how their vote was counted. What makes you think that any of those people who were there vote? Well, I would, I mean, it's very good. So the people that brushed in, some of them weren't even from Florida. They were brushed in from my goto-leo's who were. Well, they were of how they were. They were part of the president of Florida. They were going to the president of the state. But the first one to vote. Well, that doesn't matter if they're voting was for their care. They have a right to watch the process. You know, you don't have a right now in. If that's the case, then what's the truth? There's 250 billion people. I don't have to come in. And so you're talking crap. Okay. I'm going to get ahead of you if I was not much more. I'd like to, you know, show you what a great guy in and how fair I am by letting the, the speed more, but I can't listen to it. I had to just crying from that. Well, when is it saying the constitution that we all have a right to, to witness to, to be in the room, to watch our votes counted as it's said, oh, was the public allowed in in the room and pombies when it was so. I mean, if there were not observers there from both parties and I, and now after saying that, I really have the way of knowing one way or another, because I wasn't here. But I would agree with them on that. But the idea that people were brought in and got them buses by the bus law, the time delay right wing professional, agitated lunatics that these people are the way to be near your crazy, so you know that. And what is it that you are afraid of? Why are you so afraid to have those 10,000 ballots counted? That's what I'd like to know. And you want to know the answer is easy, because you know that if those ballots get counted, and if they wound up in a certified total, if the court rules that they must be part of the certified total, that goes in a money election. You know that. I know it's a bush people know that. Everybody even a more on those that. So at least if you didn't admit that, I'd have much more respect for it, so here's an honest guy, an honest fashion. 26 past 11 and 5, 60 WQAM. A Neo Roger show, sports radio, 560. A, and how young is too young? Can I call the election up? Can I call the election up? Can I call the election up? Everybody is up a new school, man. It's not getting too much. You got your name on the ballot. And you know the answer is easy. You got your name on the ballot. Go anywhere for that check. With this politics. And the fans are in your hand. Thanks to you, the right to win. Go in your election, fair and fair. And now the last two right, greener, hot to win. Go in your election, fair and fair. So all the votes, all the guys, try the 65 for there. And you'll later out, say it on the ballot. You'll now vote election up. You'll now vote election up. Come by yourself, I know. And drop the deck into the front. And you'll now vote. Try to vote against the state. Go dry. Go for the election. Anybody after what I do in the Ralph Meter fan? Don't club. It's 11.33. It's 6.5. I tell you, this is the best thing. I've been in the long time. I forgot. The small thing, you noticed a couple people came running in your break and Searing about me because the road was, I guess it's pretty Wanted to be a building that I had my heart checked. I said, because I had a little bit of a, I did it over there last week. And one of my salesmen, I see the bad part, it's going to come back. If I don't talk about this, thanks enough. One of our salesmen, usually when I've seen four times in the three years I've been in this building. By the way, congratulations to Ken Marvin, the employee of the month of QAN. That's been all one place, Ken. Take the pin, you'll never get it again. Like I said, take the money. But anyway, I'm always going to say, well, about our sales manager, it came in here. I've seen this man three times in the last three years. And I actually was sitting here just a minute ago during that commercial break and I can't think of his name. My Alzheimer's is who kept an end. I can figure everybody else's name. I can think I could tell you names of horse racers from 40 years ago. My memory is just fine. I can't think of his name and I'm thinking, yeah. What my mind is doing so, let's go, in other words, it's climbing itself. Yeah, it's so out of the trash. And because I've seen this man so clearly, because he had so little to do it, but he was so concerned, obviously. To make sure to actually see the design to wives that I was still here and breathing and touch you and the, no, not touch and feel. Give me a clue, is to what his name goes in air-porting temperate points. Lay period. See that was bad. That was too easy. Not just I forgot this man's name and it was sensational. Nothing is a bad guy. He just, what's the mood I'm looking for? Useless? Yeah, useless. We have a lot of people in this place who form a category useless. Some of them are nice people, some of them are not. But useless is the Bible here at QA. Speak out radio stations. Tom Jikaroites, had you a famous or a user? No, also sports kind of things, even the talk about it. Sports station sells time to religion show. Oh, a sports station W-A-F-N, the fan, 17 million on a radio dial, a sticking salvation. So Tom Jikaro, straight precaution having lost the dolphins coaching show because checks bounced. W-A-F-N will begin selling blocks of time between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. on a weekdays to religious broadcast. They're starting December 4th. Oh, wow! One consequence will be an inability to continue building itself as mine is only 24-hour sports station. This is a jab at competitor WQM having four hours of the aradishone roots to the plan up. W-A-F-N will continue to program the mixture of local reproduced and fox sports radio programs from 6 a.m. and around a clock on weekends. W-A-F-N, a general manager, Tony, and Kada Kawali, two lovers in his. said the impusion of cash from religious broadcasts will keep the station solvent. I like that. Since, in a very period with ravadish, who see, since signing on August 19, in 2009, W-A-F-N is still to draw a measurable audience in the aradishone ratings. W-A-F-N is possible to mine's will fan. I plan with your time. W-A-F-N, but program featuring dolphins offensive coordinators, Chan Gary and Jim Bates, and after their coaches check failed the clear, Kawat Peugeot said the check-bounce because the station switch bank account. W-A-F-N, you must pick that up from my watch and end the B-Lays over there. I scorn their Tony. That's the thing they learned from the Fick and B-Lays. W-A-F-N, how is their what's your name doing? W-A-F-N, it's right next to the buzz. How's it, Xi'an? Yeah, I'm sorry, naturally. What's your name? I got a job over the sort of political frame. Xi'an, you know the bank account? W-A-F-N, yeah. Yeah. So are you admitting that you've been listening to me? I'm a little bit scared. You got it? You're here, Randy. Xi'an got us. Thanks, let me start turning when you're here. If you start doing that, I mean, he's going to turn on you. Hey, stupid. 5-6-7-0-5-C, I talked my way all the way to the next break. When we had about a 45-minute break there, because we had two-pumped-up-up-parks spots back to back because Troy's Red, we can't seem to get us asked together down there. You know, Troy, who's this year's war, who's a king front. Today, that's the day we have to have some sparks or extra dolphin players, whose name has got the letters, or our or our or our. But we have a roboconroy, and we have a conroy, and we got a conroy on it. Yeah, anybody that's got a war. In your name? Or as roboconroy. What's he doing to conroy? It's one who's got a war. And the name he can work here. And maybe he can do his useless things there, or what do you mean? Twenty-two before noon, if I, I'm sure if I forgot his name, you could have paid me a million dollars cash. I forgot his name. Out of sight, out of mind. Oh, oh. This is 5-60. You way out. If I had to do it, I'd take you out of the right now. Keep your dad damn teeth in. If that catches the carburetor. If that 확인 move, do I head a chick and potato? We're Daisy-two-way.ars, we go all the way about what he did do. We go all the way to the right home. We have censorship. They're words of nonsense but do you tell me the how l knowledge? There are black hays. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey,Hey, hey , were you two when I go one and oh tied up to the all-lona tree the yellow line I try? you can have a two day tour. It's only three weeks after you go. What's the big rush? Five six, five six, five six, five six, five six, five six, five six, the only 18 and 10 Verizon Wireless Line. Out of town 87 seven seven eight five six, three, 45. Pretty quiet over there in the worst coast. You get all the calls from four miles? Yeah, couple. This will try to figure out what the rush we're talking about. Here's a mobile on how on Dale. Hello. Yes, sir. Welcome back. Thanks. I'm on winning them. Get off this. No, they're sorry. Yeah, you came back with a bird. No, what? What do you have? It's not a good. Remember we had those spots for a while. That's good. No. That's how you did Ray Perisamos pass? Gesture, a top of the year, we've watched this order. Oh, does that want to see? That's not my good. Everything's got a name. Yeah, it's pretty pretty gross. Yeah. I know. That would take all of your hand. Yeah, that's what my doctor said yesterday. I said, I said, I don't know too much to that for you, sir. Because my heart looked great. You're, well, what? You had an unparalleled like more than twice a week? More than twice a week? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. That's exactly what you would be diagnosed with this girl, which is what you're talking about. What if you'd be put Chinese education? Yeah. What do you put? I have no idea. Something to begin with the P. I have no idea. I hope it's a final step. That was it. Fantastic. Is that good stuff? Are you peddling that? That's the best up in the world. That actually that's the only, you know, the corner post on pump. It never has been out for about 12 years or so. And what does that mean? Basically shut down all the answer production and you're stomach. So that you don't, you know, there's just no answer to the producing produce or enough of any way that's to overre�box up back into your pitaigabacher lower, soft and geolphs thinker. No, you're not mentioning about my signature or my back though. No. What happens is the, we have the just been nighters throughout the day or both. And see that. Yeah. What happens is you're, well, if you have a spinker, it's the bottom of your softest, the right way you're stomach. Yeah. That's funny. I never knew that you had a spinker than the needer, but I, and it just relaxes and allows that answer to shoot back up through your throat. And that's what you've learned from it. I've learned from it. Yeah. Thank you. And then you achieve it. It's got all kinds of instructions and the one instruction that I find really amusing is lose any excess weight. Yeah. Yeah. It's, they try to use it. You would like them out of the patient initially, but I'm glad he puts you right on the TTI because a lot of the conditions are, you know, they better, maybe they do that because they've paid it. It's, it's a little too strong. I'm not right off the bat. Oh, no, my, my doctor never met a pill. He didn't like. He's, uh, he's digging the pill. He doesn't know if he's digging the pill. Not like the bad to get these a doctor if you're doing that because a lot of them will try to put you on the same attack or the tag and the other some crap like that. And he was going to eat two or he's over the same. Now he goes right to the bottom of the time. Well, my, my, uh, I just, you're right. I just so happen to, uh, to, uh, to work for the pharmaceutical company. Right. You're a pay for sure. That's okay. Anybody's got to have some functioning. Why? And I've got to like one by the way. What is it? I've voted for more by the way. Yeah. But anyway, um, which is probably not just for my industry, but that's okay. It's the humanitarian vote. Mm-hmm. Um, anyway, I mean, this area is so I told George some kind of, I can maybe slide by the office there and have him sign out. Did you give you some sample? Not not that many. I could choose a lot more. Very expensive. Yeah. About $100. I don't get big bucks. But too much for me. I can't afford it. It always helps. Uh, I, I've George. I think I could talk to George up the year. Okay. Thanks in advance. Hang on. Thanks. Okay. Talk to him and find out. There's some pre-drugs. I mean, he's got some good stuff for you too. Uh, huh. One day, it's all about free folks. Don't ever forget that. And especially free drugs. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 6, 6, 6. 6, 6 , 6, 6, 7, 6, 6, 6, 6, 5...56, 6, 6, 6, 6, 10, 10, 10, 5 , 55..... 59... 59, 56, 6, 6, 7, 88 6. 58. 83....not even 50. Can you imagine this sounds good? Yes, ma'am. No, it's caffeine that's in coal that's battery. But I hate guys in caffeine free. Well, I don't know what to tell you, but that's what it is. No, it's not what it is because I think we're in caffeine free. Caffeine free. No caffeine. And it still just turns your stomach at turns it like a coal run. Then I don't know what else is in coal run. We got those, what it is. God knows how I ask them. I just wanted to add to warning to those phony Democrats. Yeah. That's Teresa Report and that Judge Bergman West Palm Beach. Because in my opinion, these were the people that they wanted to tell me. Yeah, they were the very main judge burdens on the Democratic Republican. No, he is a Democrat. No. He's the longer Republican under the tree of them. They're two Democrats. He's a care Gordon and a traditional pro. He's a Republican. Oh, because I thought I read that he was a Democrat. No. Okay, well, that's one down. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Bye. 185 votes are far. Who should rightfully be the next president in your humble and probably not too well informed opinion? Grow 1029, 69.7%, bush 56.32%, but keep in mind that the bush people, they're not listed in water. Say, he's like, post now and too bad. Okay. Do we care? No. No. For more interest in our GRD, what it was, it could be good. Good. Turn up some kind of a skin name in. Turn up like somebody maybe like Jesse Ventures bodyguard. Oh, I would like you to make good. He's my bodyguard. My bodyguard. Yeah. 5, 6, 70, 50. Can we just do the election over and have better choices? Just give it all for those and start over with almost anybody. Just give it a rose for her. Here's your view of the job. The votes have been counted. They've been recounted and they've been counted again. How do you get the certificate in these pumps say that? Yeah. I mean, it's just a moment. I've got a high point in a low point of this whole sort of a sad assume this while you were gone. I didn't miss any of them. Oh, you didn't? I think when the Broward County had a campus can't have a service almost threw out of a public in the attorney at the deputies come over and they were standing like I was trying to see that. Oh, it was a beautiful party. Yeah. Yeah. I did see that. Yeah. I saw it. He got a very adamant with them. And this was a game judge you talking about. He really bushed up. I didn't know he was a kid judge. Yeah. He was out of the closet and not outing him or anything. He's a kid judge. He's eventually goes with his mother. He's one of the heroes of this whole affair. He did a good job. He became a very big handful in there. But he came out to announce the final result. He kept talking about how he wasn't used to talking in the media. He got into a Broward. That's not, that's not. That's not. He was a loving. He had a regular. Now the world points. And I'm surprised that you were out of the country to possibly miss this. Yeah. I'm about to... Suzanne Malvo was doing her usual good stand-up in West Palm Beach. Yeah. And who walks into the picture with a bushed trainee bumper sticker paced it on his back? The fisherman. Oh, no. I swear to you, she's not there. Oh, no. There's nothing you want to do to get in front of a camera. Is there? I mean, I think that I'd be here even if there wasn't a camera. Yeah. Sure. That actually happened. I almost lost my lunch. It was nothing. There's something. I'm still my reflexes there. I swear to start in the slip. One last question, Neil. Do you think we have any chance in that lawsuit up in Seminole County? What do you mean do we have any chance? Of course. You think because it's 4,000 votes there. Right. 4700. 4, 4700. Vogueers are the quality pre-signed absentee ballots. So you think we have a shot of shot? Not convention is 51 votes in the National County. Right. Right. So now we got up to 5,000. I swear by a 12-year-old bush all you can see. And they don't fulfill a silver body. Okay. Bye-bye. They're hiding your be-bye. Well, I saw that over there. What we can go to Sunday, I know they have it. You still haven't seen the drop in the company. Oh, my God. Or I've been distracted by a... Bye-bye. Where's Jackie Jackie big-jermon? Will we need him? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18, please. And Verizon Wireless One. And the best part of it is Port Eleanor Clerk. They have two liberal sitting on one side of Jama Glocken's real fascist. Four more Catholic priests. And two were arriving this on the other side. And Port Eleanor. They're always trying to get three guys in one of their broad. And she's always getting a step-line. Let me finish. Let me finish. Now we've had it through that's great. And maybe some of those... What was it? I have no idea that that's the best part of it. We've been waiting for all that time. Got on and screamed out some guy damn thing. I have no idea what he said. Is anybody here? No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18, please. And Verizon Wireless One. Don't forget our best video series in cassette. The best ones ever, though, see. They're great. They're really good crap on there. You can go to your spec stores. They're making great gift for the holidays. For Christmas, for Hanukkah, for 18 years days, whatever day's we're celebrating this year. Specs all over the deadbird and Palm Beach and even in 8% for a month. Even though those people are nothing to say to us over there, which we're starting to really despise the mic. Frozen. They're just in different. And it was that 100 key change. The best video key change, you may. Including the one I have in my head right now, because... Can you ask? Like that. And also good. And about to have the good stuff. And get those from the newrodgers.com. Or next time, it goes on somewhere. And my anime in the vein, just next time, it just goes out of the building. Here's a mother in Bokke, hello. Good afternoon Neil. Yes sir, good afternoon. Good, almost. Cock you, will we go Fisherman Line. Yeah, that's your turn. That's your turn. That's your turn. I'm true. Yeah. I have a question for you Neil. Almost took me back to the airport to get on a train and get out of here. That's your pass for it. In regards to all the lawyers that are involved in all these lawsuits going back in fuel and between a debit. Who pays for all these lawyers? The Democratic Party, Republican. The Republicans from the country, the country. Sure. Okay, that's what the lawyers have in a fuel. They're loving it. Brought sure. That's somewhat of a relief. I'm not even a doubt in Dushu, it's always just due to me. But when he said that the country in the US was a cook and a total partisan, that was one of the great days of my life when I heard that. I don't, yes indeed. And I saw an Allen Dushu with one last comment. You're that guy in the morning. D-Bo was an asshole. Yeah. Oh, we're working on him, but there's no hope, you know. He's a man to pay a taximits, I've never seen him. Too many losing tickets. Oh, yeah. Yeah, the worst thing. Yeah, too many tickets. Okay, have a great day, sir. There's this guy picking on my buddy, D-Bo again. Come on. He's got 1422 different checks in this pocket from 14 every employee, two different jobs. He's got a script to get relevant. And when he loses much of the track as he does, and punch your guts out of gambling and everything as he likes. He does. You got to run, he could out. Okay, when about, he could out. He's okay. Never stole a free train. This is five, six feet. You a-L. Fort radio five, six feet. W-A-M-I-M-E-Port-L-L. A-B-E-L-E-L. A-B-E-L-E-L. W-A-M-M-D-L-L-L. I'm a-B-E-L-E-L. Hey, would you like to become a sports cover commentator on blind time television? Then why not in-Roll and not dinner-shillers? School of broadcasting. Okay, play the third player one. It's not a foul. It's a game. It's not a play field. It's a gridiron. It never ever calls. And a crowd when you can refer to them. It's a teaming multitude of kinetic and fizzier. So, okay, at the dinner-shillers school, the broadcasting learn how to fill time between plays with spontaneous down-to-worth batter to which the working neck and easily relate. Okay, clap. The fade out to me. Here we go. I have a scene-plot in like that since the cap over a sequence that's first of a nation. The party hasn't seen one in like that. At the dinner-shillers school, the broadcasting, dinner-shillers himself will teach you how to construct entire sentences using nothing but made up word. Oh, man, I'll put enough to face just now a prison of uncellated nine and six. So, if you were a fan of such legendary sportscasters as John Maddew, Terry, Bradshaw, and John Meredith, then you should attend the dinner-shillers school to broadcasting and become nothing like that. I felt that it's none of my new, this class is just a bit slick. Well, have you on the air making references to the house of playing cat in it? Just a bit slick. But dinner-shillers school to broadcasting, and will today, the board-genesis of ceremony is required at the end of the scene. And should be, like, before the end of the season, 12-2560, WQM-560, 5050, 560, you are a Supreme Court based on Bush appeal to a 4-PM. I mean, there's really nothing going on under the school. I'm a majority of Americans believe that, yeah, that part, that part, that part, that part, that part. You see, the fact is that, what a majority of Americans believe doesn't mean anything at this point. Except for the fight that it gives me, talking to you, head something to talk about. I can't stand people, I'll take all these tools except the good ones we take every day. Well, seriously, why don't we have to keep pulling on what's the American out? How I'm breathing at patients? Just forget about that patient. That's get it right. Is there something wrong with getting it right? Oh, I'm sorry. Here's a candle, huh? Yeah, sure. Glad to hear you back in the radio. Who I am. I want to do a comment on show-reaberman, you know, and it's effect on the ticket. No, I'm just kidding. Yeah, well, I want to put a candle on the screen. Well, I want to put a picture of my friend, but I think what am I best friends with the guy named Eddie? He's got a loyal listener of yours for years, and I keep turning me onto your show. And by the time he told me about a week ago, he's like, you know, well, I'm not going to listen to Neil anymore, because he's become a show for the Democrats, but things he can't stand supposedly. And I'm like, whatever, dude, if this guy ends up voting for Bush, and I'm sitting around at a party when they were hanging out, and I want to find out why he ends up voting for a right-wing asshole who's back better than we're just nuts to the kids. They have to be. You know, they came down to after a hour. You're like, yeah, he goes, I can't stand to having a Jew or a few weeks in the president. Yeah, I'm at another friend of mine, also. Dude, they don't have to worry about Cheney. He's not a hot B-wave in the president, because there's a B-nany more. That's not very often. I know, but you know, it's amazing about this. We're initially picked for you, and I was really worried, you know, but didn't know, lectures that were playing out. I was like, maybe it's not that big of a deal. But now that I think about it, you know, people aren't going to come out and say, that's not the reason they voted for Bush. No, that is a hidden factor that your poor was never going to show. Absolutely. And I think that's a factor is real. And you're like, say, is real? Are you here or are you clothing? Yes. I'm fine. Okay, see. Wow, he had a run up to the goddamn foreigner and his little thing, too. It was real thing, right up to the phone. Bye, bye, bye, bye. Five, six, seven, five. Bush, they'll get run, five, six, zero. Ready, okay? Come on, stop, stop it. Get off your ass. Get off your lazy ass. Thanks for getting my check by the way. You know what I'm trying to play dumb. Anytime you ask for money around here. Money? No, it was a real, you really? Yeah. Even though I wasn't here, but the last time I checked, I stood with a paid letter, regular pay on vacations. And you'll also notice that almost never anymore comes like willingly. Like, I used to be in New Orleans before she got sick again in the mirror. Yeah, remember her name? And I haven't seen her in a crew in Zayn. But we'll use to bring the check number safely on payday. But since everyone's too here very much anymore, it's always like, can you check around and see if Pat's got my check to be sitting on it down there if he's hiding under his window? Maybe we're a period, what's his name? What's your period, then again? Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound, five, 60. I feel so much better. Thanks for that pile of seconds. Thank you so much. My drug guy to Card before. Thank you. My my let's go get some feed drugs up here. Post there's you got to care about my health and about my greed. And that's just about this stupid crap all over. All bush moves the head with transition. Does anybody care? No. Like I told you, they're spinning their way in. We're moving ahead. We don't care what they believe in and us or not. We want to clear who believe it's from over and on. And when if we all let us in there, the regular place or on the move on our own, guide the entire house with somewhere. Everwhere's five billion bucks, we've built onto a rich, fair cat. No corporations, by the way, only from individuals. Here's a lady in Hollywood, hello. I know. Yes, man. Yes, great afternoon. What's going on in Miami? The Cuba, Mathia, and their money. But we create a bit more to and now it's the borrowing on. Okay. Thank you. It's eating us, okay. Do you need me over here? It's the voing us. Underworld the death. Five, six, seven, a Cuban mafia. And then in Miami. I try to raise no mafia, okay. It's just the course of no strength. First our thing. You have your thing and I got my thing. And I don't want to see it lady. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, I didn't know it was on the air. You were near the time just like you. Yeah, well, I was listening to a lot of this dollar bill. It gets this fisherman. Isn't that amazing? Yeah, but this is very up-alcohol. Because there's something fishy about what happened in this direction down here. And I can just say this. Well, gore and bush. Gore and bush. Yeah. And it was a bull and bush. Gore and bush. There's really a couple of four in the woods. Gore and bush. You know, and gore, gore has no one to blame but himself. That he, you know, I agree with you. When a crappy campaign picked a wrong guy for VP, picked a wippy, uh, fanatical Jew instead of just like you do. He was going to pick a Jew. But I kept saying this over and over again. Nobody would listen to me. Not a dumb damn orthodox fanatical word on your sleeve. A holy, a roller Jew. And then, all he needed was the pace and the guy didn't deadlock. And then, make sure that he wouldn't win. He told Clinton who was the best campaigner for the office. Yeah, it was a big hell win. That's the other way. If they were, you know, something, if they were to block Clinton out in Tennessee and Arkansas and really ran him all around those two states. Gore, what a one is, homestay. He only lost both of those states by three points of peace. How many electro votes is there in Arkansas? Enough. Yeah, because he had 261. So all of our tennis season wasn't? Yes, so I would have given him 272 to go. But he had 262. Okay, so I would have put him over the top. Right. But he didn't want Clinton to want it to be his role. He wanted to keep him in the closet. And of course, I guess what, he ain't no joke. We're the one with our deployed jobs. He ain't no joke. And trust me what I tell you. The Clinton's got more personality in his penis than the NL gross got in his whole body. Make no much think about that. That's what Jennifer Flowers said, and Monica Lewinsky, and Kathleen Willie. Yeah, here's Willie. Willie's just thinking about that bitch. All these slut, all these whores, all these carpet, I was going to say carpet munchers, but that's in general news office. What was it that Monica said she had who meet in NEPA? Yeah. She had a presidential NEPA, and then all of a sudden, she's a poor abuse one. That by the way, saved the dress. That's her posterity. And I'm sure that all of you women out there that go out and hang out in the courthouse about the guy's court court who have bad aim. I'm sure you say the evidence. Just for posterity, just for your collection. Yeah. It's called the Monica's Eurection Collection. Scored court, but just slut. And then there are the abuse ones. And then you see this is the typical right wing thing. It's what they always do. Gotcha, gotcha gotcha gotcha. It's always catching somebody with her pants down. We gotcha. We gotcha. We tried to agree with her. She wanted to work anymore, because then come to find out. We got all the bomb. Living's been in all these other assholes. With all their own skeletons in their own closet. I have about that cancer and heres. Can you imagine her closet? I just can't stand that for that. Yeah. She looks like a cheap booker that bitch. She got more makeup on than to lose her tracks. That's freaking bitch. Why shouldn't you have to go to the court? Keep in mind for next week. She's got the best Irishers who are a curled woman from beach. Maybe we can have a Irish off. Can't be fair. Yeah, thank you. Something like can we do like New Mexico? They said that if they had the best Iran New Mexico because of what's so close. At what point the bush was at my foot and go to head by whatever's 400. But if they have an exact eye, it's settled by. And then they decided to move themselves. Either a gamer chance or a poker or they can flip a coin or they can have like a doer. Something like that. Ooh, it's too old. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah. Let's get what the horses name that was in doer are way peri. No horses name, Dennis Louder. Was that who it was in there? Dennis Louder. Well, see now I can't get a repair out of my mind, which is a fighting gun. I'm not going to die because I'm sure I won't even get for those six months. I'm hoping. Listen, sir. Ray, you're in for sure. Not full of anybody. Ten, what is it? Ten past 0 to 5 60 Q and 2. The Neil Roger show. Sports radio, 5 60. Come see. Hey. How the guy is fucking born. And now the Newly elected party elected supervisor for the down. Thank you. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. I am the coal. If I may not do it now, then I can't do it. But I'm not sure. No, that's the question. Why is this the island? One, two, three. And now we're lovin' in doer. And we're in doer. And we're in doer. And now we're in doer. We're in doer. We're out of here. We're in doer. All of the. O.A. First you come. So, you're not there, but we're out of touch. But I don't know if I can keep this run outside. I think the finger is not your hands and your hands and your hands. Just like me. But you're going to find me. I only have all. Whoop. Sorry. And for the retox. One, two, three, four. Two, three, four. Perfection. If I'm 50 WQA, I'm stock exchange dollars down 7.5. How's that Nasdaq doing, huh? Flip that thing. You idiot, you both those. I know that time it is. Just flip the dancing on an Azdaq on CNN. Oh, god of this flow. And that will back to the Dalgan. Don't fix it on half. You know, making change the channel because they suck. They suck on CNN. They should only die a wicked 84. They don't want to show us. Nasdaq's down 84. You know what? The matrices I would say. And I think the worst is over. This is the end of it. Yeah. And this is the end of your money. How's that the ship extreme? Here's the call in the Fort Myers, huh? Fort Myers? Yes, sir. All right. You know, it would be nice to see a very poorly lecture out in Florida. But you've got to understand one thing. Well, you're not a lot of pulling out in Florida. Go ahead. That's the Republicans are not going to let them know. I mean, the Ficca is already in the legislature. And I'm to let you've got it. People out in Congress. And they're going to not affect the even if the overturners are going to say the court overstepped their bounds. And they were not going to accept the United States slogan by hookah by coke. Right. And they don't accept it. They don't accept it. They don't accept it. They don't accept it. They don't accept it. But they wouldn't do it. But they don't. They don't use raw power. They try the impeachment route with the penis gay know that stuff. They tried that and then work with a class and wasted $70 million of tax per money. And now this is the only other way they can do it. They have a fixed election. And what a coincidence that the governor's brother just happened to be governor of our state. And that's a coincidence. The governor and Harris will be she should have accused herself. Oh, yeah. She was, I mean, I mean, everybody knows that. Just on Allen, do she would get a cook and a total partisan? And the class, it just really does not get it. You know, does not do a good job. And they're exposing. Now that you think of a million more few, you know, they're doing a green apple quick stop. All they want to do is grab up their ratings and make sure that they keep people blue. And look at for as much as they can get. I mean, the worst of time when a time delivery would not get away with the kind of. I mean, the fact that he has done that they can make people be showy. Well, the FBI files. Yeah. We're going to leave that here when it's all over. He's a little bit with James Baker. That's what I heard. So have a great day, pal. All right. Okay. Baton down the hatches. Start with the one. 5.6705. 6.560 on the U.T. And he was on the air so they weren't snatched. But they're all pan-pufficating. And all the other flying, the like this governor from Montana. What's this guy saying? Marlton, Oscar. Oh, those shows. That's a crap. Maybe everybody. Oh, who the hell is this guy at all? Come out of a bunch of a bum-fort place like that. He's a great pan-pufficator. Yeah. He's a quick and bush. Every time he won, he can keep. There he is. Look and bush. Mr. Stuff, White just missed you. Invign to Mr. Aholyer then now. Keep your nose out of it. This is the media's fault again. Because they got to fill up all these hours. So they bring all these totally non-credible partisan assholes in there. Christ. A hibbing-axe is under that I think. What after the fishermen? 5.6705. 6.560. 5.660. It's a fisherman. That is good news. I'm under. That's going to be a Pokemon. Who do you rather run into in the upper shopping mall? It's the Hawaii season. The fishermen are very peri. Huh? It's a toss-up or a mat-matter bell. How much a mat-y bell recited about those trends, huh? Can you imagine the gnashing of peace? I'm an amateur kind of a sick provisive way. I'm delighted. I'm delirious. They don't say the same, but they don't say the same. They don't say the same. They don't say the same. Yeah. And the block is running around. The other thing is, I do the extrapolations and those four shows in the trouble. Do you some of those fill like what? Or guess what? Not everybody in their mind. The time like this. Most people are interested in hearing about the stupid goddamn BSC poor and about it. It's not like a half or a two-high of a spread on the game. That was the last thing I heard as I drove out of here. That was the big provocation. I'm also in the hand. Can you talk about the election? I mean, he did his damnedest to try to mix and sense. And because he knew this is what most living and building people want to hear and talk about. And what's the first call on here after Hank here? This is Dieter of Buffy, the election thing. Some jackets. Oh, let's talk about important things, I quote. Oh, gee, in 12 and a half an awful high number on this game. Boo-hoo-hoo. The gambling station. We shouldn't hear talking about the fact that their checks are bouncing down the guy to end dial there. About there. At least they got a player, which we don't. Would I religious program? I mean, if we haven't got a player here at 2 a.m. No. And when does this play get in so already? Yeah. I've went to the old church. Now I've sold on that time. I went inside. Even I prayed a few times. There's a little police. Tell us to anybody. Especially somebody wants to buy me a. Here's a moment in my interview. Anyhow, you don't. Great. That news that news for you on the collar, early on who's playing the legal fee for all of these losses. Don't tell me the taxpayers. The today's paper, the Florida legislature, our Republican leadership, our $60,000 of state of Florida money to intervene as they spend the court in the federal losses. Don't be so stupid. I'll find a the court on who's side. On the Republican five saying the Florida Supreme Court overstep their bow. How do you like that? So, the fact that W. brothers are governor and that the brothers, the governor's brothers are secondary of Bush. Now we're spent in taxpayer money. They're intervene on their side. Not only that, the Republican leadership said there was no reason for them to need to stop. Any Democrats about the money they were going to spend because they control the Florida legislature. There you go. That's right. Thanks for the good news. You're welcome. Have a good one. And back to you. How do you like that, George? I don't. I said time for tax revolution. I said time for God damn. Keep a scale tea party or something like that. Huh? A Palm Beach Tea Party. Bring green tea is law for the four. I hear the black tea is very good for it. I never had black tea to do. No, I don't think I'll ever even see it. I read the black tea is very good for it. Of course, nobody wants to eat anything that's very good for it. Like that sheep that I got to tell me all things I can't eat with my grudy attack. Gourds can't eat. That can't eat. That can't eat. Fatty can't eat chocolate. Can't have any like tomato sauce tomato juice. Which is supposed to be very good for your prostate. Can't eat anything. So I'm just going on. Every day is going to be your own kipper in my house. I'm just not eating anymore. So after the show and of course once we start finding your place that can make us a good omelet. Besides the diners, although they do have pretty good stuff over there. The diner only we have to pay for it. No, no, it's good. Look, I mean it's not a question you have in the pay for it. It's a question of like a like giving in. Like throwing in the towel. But I just can't eat all I mean. Now with all the respect to people that brought us the free food. And we have the spicy tomatoes up and you wonder why it's both of us are running like a mad day. When we come after those meal, yeah. Now you know the answer. We're having a good attack. But some places can make like a nice cheese and bacon omelet. But without the potatoes, no, it's crap that the potatoes are just the omelet. Please. But last night at the track, I had a nice steak. So who brings me with that breakfast in the morning whenever you steal? They don't like us. Well, I mean I don't know, but it's not one of our people. That's my point. They have bigger high. They go high. Well, they probably really believe that before it's Jewish, they probably believe that crap. That's probably what it brings in. Or maybe it's for Jolby. Now they do have good omelets. Maybe the memory of bringing in an omelet and good omelet. You can't eat the bacon but I can't eat the bacon. But I can't eat the bacon. But I sure recognize I'm with. From big or how. And if we give them a plugged in, I'd actually do some business as opposed to the morning show on this station which has no audience. Listen to keep in mind. Here's a plantation, hello. Hey, they're great. Once in a while you've got to have another couple of things. And if you think about this, what those are good when he came out left to the night and were first did when he came out. They're saying that they court, you've served the power. You don't go to power acting, talk with men like no green like that. That's right. And then they might want to stop you right back in the past. There are still challenges. The butterfly, the seminal and the Palm Beach retail with symbols within men and men. That's the weakest. Well, not for the only 50 to those. But when you mean only 52 votes, it's 10 percent of the difference right there. Okay, well, let's just tell them saying that we have it. That's the weakest one obviously. But Palm Beach symbols and Palm Beach butterfly. They've been a big, big, weak counter, etc. Even if the, even if it's a clean court, or you know, today, it's the, the recount, manual recounts are unconstitutional, which would be ridiculous. But if they say that, it's, you still have the butterfly and the 4700 seminal. So what do you 700 seminals can't be wrong? Well, how, that's the thing. If we go through a public argument or a law of law, this is what the legislature says, each of those arguments, you know, certainly, certainly Trump, though, will war in the Democrats, they won't even. So, you know, that's the bottom line is they should not have come to the court. They think going to wind up in the Florida Supreme Court. Right. They're going to have the final flight. Now what Palm Delay does, if he does what he, you know, and get the half to say, you know, this is unconstitutional. Well, the Senate's got a war war phone, who is up at the signing vote. So if you're just, that is provided that what's your name in Washington, they're doing the recount on that last year, by 1900 votes. Oh, she won't. They already face the quarter. No, no, but they're recounting it now. Although we're half candidates. All right. Well, I'm not, but the, but the good news is only machine recount. It's not a hand recount. Let's just read the food that she gets in at 50. Right. I think people, not emotional people because everybody listens to the windbox at the agenda. When about the judge today, it's 60 40 publics against it, how many Democrats crack. And all they want is all the hurt. And the advice part of the spam like I said before, what's the racism? Make it's just the question is who we need one and the movie really had the right count. Now what kind of some of our public opinion that that's like saying before the election, most of the poll show that Bush was anywhere from two to five or six points ahead gets what did he win by two or five points? No, we did not. Well, most of the poll show that's well, it's good to five and a swallow and what happened. Right. It turned out to be right. Well, we're writing 49 to fake except for it. Yeah. It's with the only, they couldn't count all the 40 action to balance. So, I mean, if you know, or anybody, anybody is cutting it's going to go to the screen court and pushing Bush and Baker already laser ground was there. They already did. You know, all the age you got the two, you got to show off and quench your block and you got parental and I'm here. I'm here rumors that they got to James W. Baker the Dark Board, they've been using the Justice Department a bit. Oh, you got to have it for a second. Yeah. So one of these things, you know, that's why gross go fight. People just don't think they could bring up. Well, anybody that's since you ought to give up is a quarter. Of course. Okay. How do they take you? I don't want to care. 26, I mean, I care, but I don't care. 26 past no in the five 60 WQM. Here's a guy who cares. Yeah, come on. I've got to get pizza law. Boy, what do you, what he told us last time. I'm just in, say, shh. I bought him an outgoal thing. I heard the two of me were put, which is right in here for now. When we were an MCM, I won't phone call. Nothing. I heard the two of them were doing stuff. Got a sucks. Here they come. Do the phone. Oh, oh, in their mercilaries, walkers and came to cast their boats. It's too hard to see. That's what some are complaining. There's too many holes, should I come to do or not? Look at this ballot. It's all in the cops. It's all in the cops. It's all in the confusion. And it's all in the cops. They're using. And God, everybody's a truck driver. Oh, oh. They told us that, can't they die with control? The ballots are lost, and they can't find a hole. Where did the cops go? Nobody knows. It's why the boat is in illusion. It's why the boat is in illusion. The boat are closed. Let's go home. To watch network TV for returns on the final results. They say it's going. Wait, not anymore. Now, they say it's for us. We've been up all night and Florida still don't seem right. Because some ballots were stuck inside somebody's trunk. Thank everybody in Florida, who voted for Governor Jazz. They should be very clear. What happened down here? You want George to win, but they're down again? And that's how it's done. In Florida still. In that division band, don't mention corrupt. Now, everybody around the world knows that Florida's voting with all the wrong holes in America's flag is the land of the Wapus band. If Florida voted for the Fusion, if Florida voted, if not whole Michigan, or are out of order to do, how to meet the Florida's vote. Yeah, somebody's going to vote. Talk to the way to citizen. Probably 3 at 5.60 WCW. I am so sandy. If he'll make a leaf, and sends me a fax here. Lindrases, it's Maple Leafs. Rarely. Erkland was cleared by his doctor. The reason that he's just too hot was the only place he wants to play. Bobby Clark asked me to find a deal. I think things are warming up. He told the Cradar reporters after non-ice work out. The morning was former Maple Leafs, Nick Kiprios. Let's hear it. I'm the Leafs, huh? You just have to be proud for first place in Houston conference with 28 points. Also speaking of hockey, if I can't predict a few seconds, because I'm so, really nauseated with this other stuff. To show you what a great town is here. I'll come back here. I'll make a roof, so you've set the turret over there to some tunnel. That's got a top 10 teams that he picked every week in a league. And this week leaves the Leafs out all together. Has Tampa Bay in there, because they want a couple of games. Oh, god! First place. But here's Tampa, Jane Neale. There you're, expert charter from the Harold, who allegedly writes about hockey. And he writes a thing hockey must be family-oriented and what would be more people else. And I'm reading the article on Piggin' Yeah. This is great. Death not in, not death in house production and crank the music down and give us a chance to think and on and on. And then he says, stay at 7pm studying time, which I'm thinking that's what I did. I did it again in the previous, especially in the week night and get people out of there earlier. And then he says, exception granted for hockey night and Canada games, which would still start at 8 o'clock on Saturday night. So I guess what? They don't start at 8 o'clock. David, they started 7 o'clock and half of two seasons now. They have a double hit on Saturday night. David, they started at 7 o'clock on hockey night and Canada. You're better or you. And this is the man who's writing what's supposed to be a real newspaper. This is the kind of information you get, not just about hockey, not just about sports, about anything here. God, I read that and I just hit myself, consider the source. 560, 560, palm 560 on the 18p and the lies and lies and lies was lying. Here's one climb. The plane called in the Harris case, the board of standards, the standard. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes sir. That's a pleasure to have that. What do the new Christmas field show? We have a lot of work to do, man. Because all those bush people, they went over to the Lada Islander. So we got to build a whole audience again. We got stuck from scratch. Sir. Please do that movement. It's a waste because we got there in the waste. We are debating back for the vacation. I'm fresh. They don't come to offer. That's what my mother says. They're not fresh in the next. Good luck, pal. And you know, what is real of the process? Is this bush? So this is really. It's like, this is what is in the wedding while we're blind. The real president's going to be bush, but it's pop a bush. You got it. Okay pal. Stay out of the bushes. Or spit it at my mother. Now, no, you're going to love this. You can't miss a second. I'm going to wait till you get that car on hold. This is the all time best. So I got to come back and I was supposed to come back to work yesterday, but I went to the doctor to get this sort of thing checked. I would my guru to learn what this is with my thinking. I was having a big chain. And I'm talking about mother on the phone because of course, I've had a call on the alerter to reason why George is on one. She thinks I'm supposed to be back on here. Right away, it's like, oh, he's got something to convince about. So I called her and told her about my, I should be fluxing about my IBS, my unit of the ball. Are you head a reliable bow for years? She says, you can you know how you can tell? I said no. By the big splash it makes when you hit the toilet. Now, this is a woman who's at least as deaf as my guru and retriever, which is very deaf. But somehow when I go to the house and believe me, I avoid under unless I'm really desperate by the time I get there on one stage of monies. I try to avoid that function and her toilet. But somehow she's in the kitchen, I'm in the bathroom and she can tell her sound of my fitting the water. That's kind of like a shmit hitting the fan. It's my shmit hitting the water. And she can tell by the splooosh that I have IBS. Are you sure she's not listening to the door? She might be a coward. You're listening by the to door. I'm hanging around with them. We're going to stop bringing in the key chain making some loud. A lot of effects, ladies, for her impeachment and enjoyment. There you go. Another one. Yeah, she can tell I have irritable bowel because of the loud noise, the big splash that my makes in the toilet. She wanted to think an anguished animal in my school level toilet or make those splash. Because you can't splash on ceramic whatever that's up is. I'm porcelain. Now, it's got to sit there on the ledge and think about it before ghost sliding on down to whoever it goes. Probably the canals. Oh yeah, you have a chain of canals around, I'm brown. I'm brown as well. Five, six, seven, that's my mother. That is my mother. She in fact, this is the same mother. She told me that it's criminal that had my little dog. She's so constipated. Why would I please you and suddenly have a dog for because even a dog shouldn't have to be that or constipated? See, this in case you don't know. That's what it's all about getting old. That becomes the most important thing in your life is bar movements, ball clock. 21-21 at 5.60 WQAM. I'm a real Roger show. Sports radio, 5.60. A half. Look at him. Sticky. I have to have a soul. My legs just didn't grow. I don't know where my team is. I have a team to nine toes. A pistol to my nose. Among the men in Jerry's eyes. Do that to reach my hole. When I'm on the chair with all students. If I'm not found, I'm lying to them. And finally, that's their side because I prefer to lose footing close. I just think I'll point in trying cause. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I don't believe in me. the feeds door the five coal-frying lubricants. Because I believe from the chase, the good of our men have been quiet, but it's nice on their garden. I always remember my crotch, all the day. How 45 at 5'6' is? That was one of my highlights in my 10 days in Amsterdam. Being here runs from fat out. Well, that was a... Oh, wait, a real surprise. Did I mention about Kim Alden? I guess it was just briefly. Here's the memo. I'm very honored to announce the QAN MVP for October 10, and right-squared grade. Can, as you always want to, our esteemed reporters, very reliable, puts in long hours a solid professional who you know we can always count on. Can, as one of those unheeled and QAM sportsguards, that makes this station work, I for what a new all should be proud of work of such an experience in solid broadcasts, as can, Alden from the Galler and Lottchermin. Can we receive a two-hour bonus or a WQA impen, or a legitimate? Please do I make congratulating, Ken Martin is the QAM October employee of the month, Simon Greg, with the 85-squared goals after the name. I asked a hand-writing expert about that. He said that me is a sign of a deep-suited inferiority complex. Yeah, which is why about those capsules back? Those retard capsules from Amsterdam. You think they'll help? No. 560, 560, PAN, how's their repair? Here's a mobile implantation, huh? Show cut cello for employees and months. Yeah, next month. What happens if the Gore campaign wins the legal challenges? And the recount shows that he's ahead, but the Secretary of State, the Bush Coat Chairman of Florida, Catherine Harris, refuses to certify the election. The sooner the state Supreme Court will rule on that. Can the state Supreme Court force certify it? Of course. Okay. Well, the Senate problem is then the legislature. I mean, the possibility to our analysts and listeners. The legislature can screw it up by appointing different electors. The Congress can screw it up. I mean, there are no ends inside of this. But what is the legal special session of the legislature? Being in two thirds of the legislature to go along with this. And right now they're two vote-short in both houses. Yeah. So how can that happen? Let's cross that bridge when we get to it. Okay. Good yourself. 567, that's our motto for the arrest of this whole soap opera. Good yourself. 567, 560, pound 560. On the attic we just got to sign off from movie 3. I mean, there wasn't a lot of that, anyway. See, this is where you get a really good unbiased year with it. Yeah, I'm a lot of that show. Mr. Perinoe. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Okay. Welcome back, friend. Thank you. You know, I keep hearing how these Republicans are saying left and right. All the Democrats want to rewrite the law. The Democrats want to rewrite the law. But I think the one who's actually rewrite the law is when they stop to recount every term. Every corner we go around, they stop to recalps. And they're just doing everything they can to impede the truth. Yeah. Coming out. And this is ridiculous. It's just, and then they got it by so brainwashed. Nobody really steps back to see what the truth is. And you got these national syndicated shows like Rush Limbaugh. And you got this G Gitty Libby. Not their stoutin' out of scrap out. And everybody listen to them because they're syndicated shows. People we have, who do the Democrats have? Hello, my name's David. Everybody listen to them. Who listen to them in this market? There's four of this last couple of months now. The color selection business. Rush Limbaugh couldn't buy ratings in this market. He's been on here for at least 10-12 years. Never could buy ratings in the day. And now all of a sudden, in the last month, the way we get this trend that just came out of a few years ago. And now he's gone to the roof because all the bush people wanted to know somebody's going to be enforced all of a subparnaught writhing bullcrack. So they're wanting here. Oh, just to show you the people just want to believe what they want to believe. Right. Most faculty of the truth. All right. Now a lot of good day. And at least one thing, should I have been supporting growing fashion and how I want to bush. But I told the retry in the beginning, they all followed them suck. I've both pick it. I'm not going to see you here, pretend. I mean, I'm a bad guy, Gore. They're performing last night. They showed that I'm just seeing anything now that we're going to call a show again. They're going to show. No, next time they're the same thing here at 12-30 a week. We'll get a larger burden of proof. And they'll show you the beginning of a clip from that. It wouldn't speak to those last night. I mean, who's doing his makeup? They make them up. It's that's what when you get on the tram and answer them. And you get close to the damn square. There's a place called, it's a madam two shows. But it's not called black and green. It's called, or something rather. There's a madam two shows. I swear, that's where they get in the makeup from. They're making them up before they put them on a year. He looks like a wax dummy. He looks like a wooden superstar Indian. He's got the push, not even a goddamn pencil. I'm going to eraser. So who now I made a great case for him? He was the buffer. He was the one I was supposed to keep. Did dangerous one out of there? That's all. And it looks like he's still in a bullet. He still couldn't do it. But all of this stuff he had going for him. But they years of great past spirit. But all these economic grooms times. Well, I'm from it. All of this stuff going on. This still looks like he's got a family of two or three fingers. And what's that great? That Kennedy asked performance of his show on the football. I remember that a couple of weeks ago. He's only public appearance to several of these. They're playing more of those family football games. All of the Kennedy's there. Who the hell is he? Kid. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6. I'm just saying you're thinking how ridiculous it is to compare him to a Kennedy. I mean no matter how much bang and we're playing in the Kennedy and drick and whatever they were doing. John Kennedy had more charisma and his fingernails. But now he's got his or her body. And they're doing a Kennedy family football game out there. So are you people kidding? Here's a mobile and parkland. Hey, Neha. Welcome back, buddy. Thanks. Hey George is great, but you are the main. I'm the main, yeah. Hey, listen. I'll talk to the customers about a bunch of all the day. He was telling me about a little local publication. They have a bunch of all. Yeah. And it says our other neighbors, they have a problem with the election. Goers not the president, Bush is not the president. So what's the problem? Yeah. What are you saying? That's it. Okay, great. Thanks. Come to Rick's more Pepsi. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, and pound 5, 6, on the 18, t and Verizon, whatever was lying. Montreal sucks. Maybe the suit doesn't just the people here. Here's your finding B. Chal. Hey, hey. And they're hockey team, yes, sir. All right. I think you got good also, huh? Yeah. Hey, set a why. What are you doing about it? Policy. Oh, no. I'm on top today. See, twice, three times a day. So I cheap run it works. No way. No, what kind of a conversation is this? You say, what are you doing about it? And I tell you, first of all, cheaper, my doctor gave me samples yesterday. So what's free, which is what I like the best. That's good because I could afford to play. I would think as I got to damn expenses. Right. What how long you have to take it forever? I can't even pay them straight. That's what I'm doing right now. But also I've cut out tomatoes and chocolate. No, it isn't. It's not a bitch. The tomatoes and chocolate. And the truth is, a while we're on to do so. Hey, that's where I got to cut out. If I don't want to get sick, and let me tell you, it was like once a month. And even when I had my heart attack last year, I'm only in my 40s. You had a heart attack? Yeah, I called you a wealthy one. Back when I was on my list of doctors. Yeah. Yeah. I had a heart attack last year. Now it's having this good. This is a good BS, you know? So, hey. So another reject that's in a way you get a heart attack. So I can't cause one. Well, I can't say for certain of that cause or not. I had called a doctor. So, you know? Not at hand called a doctor. Why I called a doctor? I was still getting sick even after. I still do, you know. But ever since I started taking the Pepsi-DAC and I do use roll ages as well. How about tons? No, no, I'd come. Why not? I just, I mean, I tried tons, but I mean, it's actually the same as any of us. Yeah, tons worked for me. And that took a couple of times. It was great. It was like a miracle. Well, tons of patients that are really safe by chomp. Well, hey, you gotta have a chance for that story thing, you know. But, uh, cut off the tomatoes, which is a fact cause the doctor even told me that cuts tomatoes and cuts the chocolate and cuts the citrus. And cuts out of the... I was saying a lot of citrus. Even after I'm a heart attack, I was still getting sick. And I didn't know why until I went to the doctor and they probably told me, this is why. That's why doctor told me, get rid of your citrus. But you're not exactly here. And I don't know what that is. I don't know what that is. You were, you were, you were, you were, you were, you were, you were, you were. Yeah, this is it. Anyways, that's what you need to do. Okay, I'll do it. Hey, they say good luck. Thanks. And back to you. See, I want to tell our good sufferers we got to sit there. And this guy had a hundred times. See, then? Cause I'm wondering if that pressure that all of us put on in there had probably not good. Cause pressure on your organs. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. And of course, when you're overweight, you're organs are oversized to begin with, you know. And even even a little trickle does give me a touch about laying down in certain positions. Because when you're overweight and when you carry all that fat around and you lay down like in all of like organs kind of like squished together. Not good. Here's the mobile and foot, my answer. Good afternoon. Yes, I have the guy. Listen, at 30, I have my gall bladder removed. Oh, I don't mind now. I'm 43 year old male. It is diet. No, my doing to ontoologist if I said that right, combing three things cause it. If the alcohol, caffeine and nicotine. Okay, I don't know. Okay, don't trick it. I don't do anything with caffeine. So yeah. Yeah, I got the last thing you go to me was I probably never be able to eat like a jerk. I've been having the rest of my life. It just fires me up. I couldn't eat two or no without getting a heartburn down. And then it's really going to be really not eat your peppermint patties. I just want to make our comment. Why do you regard drugs? You get an excellent guy. The phones were smoking and drugs too, Neil. And one more comment. That's happening here. But I should've got her face turning that whole side. Okay. If we're 1995, but not bad. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, On the 1810, Verizon Wireless Line out of town. Is 877, 775, 660. Are we still on the ear for a virus? I forgot to answer it. You're five million. There's power. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. This is the out there. We're not. Yeah, so we're not. One little bit over here, a little bit over there. It's to be as well. It wouldn't have a radio if you're stuck on up there. Right. The beesleys. Although I hope they like that. Who's that? What's that? Oh, yeah. Oh, I've trampled. I want to get you nervous, I think because you need the job. But we got some of them. Maybe it can put on a scope cap. And you can play for a cut to cover the spread. Oh, yeah. You can't make a religious sports show. Now we're hot out. No, we need another touchdown. Cover the spread. Something like that. If it's good enough for laughing, it's good enough for us. Yeah, they're checking me. You're bouncing over there. But at least they get him. So you can't have everything. Property 65, 16, double. You can. That's what you're just taking. They can maybe they're not the cash. But at least at least it looks promising when you get it. You're hand in the check too. At least this company doesn't make up crap. Like we changed bank accounts. So we put the wrong zip code on the side X. Right. No, the beesleys would never come up with a cock and any lie like that. Oh, oh, oh. Fort radio 5-50-7-2AF-9-1-1-1-1-1-1. A measly broadcast group station. W-2-A-M-D-O-N-O-O-O. Oh, boy. It's the one-to-two hours. Oh, oh. I have to find a satellite on things thinking to the world. Why would I have my money on? I don't do much good standing food. No. Don't try to tell the desert way. No breathing, no exhaust. But the team is in foil line. And our dead and raw. The back is in right there. Oh, the camera. Oh, the camera. That's the right thing. Oh, the camera. Oh, the back. Oh, the back. Oh, the back. If we don't get going terrible. We could stop this property, please. Fire up the gen fire. And those old cow will get away. I ain't gonna die, can't I? Oh, the camera. Oh, the camera. Oh, the camera. Oh, the camera. Oh, the camera. Oh, the camera. Oh, the camera. Oh, the camera. The camera. The camera. Oh, the camera Delish. Oh, the camera. 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 10. Oh, the camera. Well, the better. Thisие, your camera. That's my camera. Good走了. It's my camera. One or two bucks six. At five, sixty, seventy? Two, five, six. Who did it? Five, fifty. Five, fifty. Five, ah... Fifty. One,que. Right, that's why I said before I'm on. Right, you want to hear it from get it off before they get the next player off. Right, that's exactly what pushes you on because he's got a transition team. And he's going on like he's already one of the things. And I can't see how he can justify that. Well, because they're trying to go through the motions of, what they're doing is playing a psychological game with the public. And it's working. And that is by posthering and saying, we won. And it's all over the world. And the whole world was certified. And now we're going to raise money to go to our own building, do our transition thing. And they're going to the motions of taking over and again and over yet. Absolutely ridiculous. And I look like we're going to have a scum tag for president for the next four years. Well, what do you do the first time? Well, I'll pay. All right, thanks, Bill. Good luck to us. Five, six, seven, five, six, eight, pound, five, six. Now, what's going to happen like six months after he gets in? And then the story about that abortion comes out. It's a very fulfilling over the women, which we had the name all of us. I'll give you a discussion. Should not be made an issue. I know. I know that I got a lot of it. And I feel like you know, especially if you are flabble, right. And especially cocaine stuff like that. There's lady in plantation. Hello. Hi, Neil. Good afternoon. I just, and welcome back. Thank you. You're a kid, you're an excellent job, all you were gone. I just wanted to comment that the Florida legislature, there's closed watching, based on age, you want to have some panic committee. Apparently, a sticker for the purpose of seating their own 25th electorate to be electoral college. The Republicans want to guarantee that George W. Bush gets the Florida electorate. That's amazing. It's outrageous. No, I mean, like I said, this is his brother's state. And the picture is going to be anywhere. This was going to be in. Unbelievable. That they did their close watching. And it's never ending. Saga changing. Time. I think I think this election is responsible for my good. Well, he wouldn't get that. OK. Thanks. I'm finally in lawsuit. It's going to be a good suit against the damn Bush people. They turn my Christmas out. It's like against both of them. And all you old Jews up there in Palm Beach, kind of a voter for James, you can. And shame on you, man. Shame on you. Come and write in votes to a period. 5, 6, 7, oh, yeah. Let's get our sunshine. You're up there to Palm Beach County and start playing on those ham hocks in the air. Shame on you. Shame on you for being so goddamn dumb. Me. Here's what I'll do, huh? Hey, you know how you going? OK. I just cornered up my whole sect. Great to stop, never make. You just, I'm a big fat club. And I went in with the same thing. And they went through my hard hard time. You first fired me at a fire sector. And I think it's like a million dollars to throw those stuff. Now, let me answer this question. I don't want to be a rude, this is a worthy audience, but we have to come in to really with each other. And when you have this stuff, you have it like in the upwards chest like on the side to the heart, like, you know, absolutely. It was pressure all from my chest. It wasn't like my pain, but it was enough pressure. Right. This comfort that I thought it was a painless or hard. Right, exactly. Now we're talking. OK. And the power of sect, I'm telling you, it takes probably 15 minutes. It's the start of working if you're taking a regularly. And it's a dream. I mean, I went through a whole thing for 30 days. And I'm back to drink and beer and he's in check and Wayne's been a bit out of the problem again. All right. The other thing. OK. Thanks for the food. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. OK. All right. Thanks. Today's a guy that knows what I'm talking about. We've got a conversation with each other. It's the doctor's show, which is a lot. I can't say before I have to do it without real lives. As opposed to all this other stuff, which is good for killing a lot of time. Get everybody whipped up at the referendum. Whether it's alien or O.J. or the election, but the board of the solution, whether it can't be candidates. The wooden and truck and then the orthodox candidates. Or he is just, I mean, the most simple ring, whispering, pathetic embarrassing, humiliating, you're a crocodile. He is just pathetic. Well, can I thank you, you ride. And let me say this, you know, not that I had this respect for people in the military, but what makes their votes so much more important than somebody else who's overseas. How about people? How about veterans? Who's votes got screwed up like in Palm Beach? Maybe some of those old you lock up your thought in the war. Huh? Do you ever think about that? No. I didn't think so. Into the James Baker. But all of a sudden, if you're in the military, then you're voted so much more important. And we have to make all kinds of exceptions and stand on our head to make sure that your vote gets counted. And these are the things that people are talking about how votes are going to be more important than other people's votes. Yeah, if they weak count to votes, it's going to be illegal because it makes you a vote more important than mine. Well, how about if you're in the military, you get some special exemptions, but if you're some swad that's really more than like an answer to them, then I'll drag that like out groups and you send an F&B ballot, then you know, it's not going to count if you don't have a thing on their personal mark. Or you're just squalled and they can't really, because you're stoned out of your mind, calling you out on the ground in a groovy hole there. Five, six, I can just envision him in a dark room at the, a bonus. I can just see it now. Oh, man. Here's, in fact, you know why I started getting this good when he brought him those new pictures of him in schromaggaz. Here's another one for me, or so. Hey, how's he going? I'm going to go to the right. Hey, um, so let's see if we could all know over here, stop for Mars and for Mars, you can get five 60 on the radio. Right, probably better than a piece of crap, seven, seven. Yeah, and then for Mars, it's a little strategy, but you can listen, you know, it works all right. This is closing, Georgia, you get job, but he didn't do anything to show the amount of eating that. Well, that's next, next vacation, 10 parts years. Five, six, seven or a pack, he's going to be talking about eating Cuban ass. Yeah, he's going to be talking about that. But a little bit of a little bit of a different flavor to it. Yeah, I have a real reason that Al hangs out, why don't you want to go into it on the ear, but crystal on these, or got his eyes sit on your wife and endotter and go out waiting to get about as much chance to get eaten close to you to one of them. I think he's really got a sight to it on Jeff Cohen, like I said before. I think so. No, sir, I see a lot of similarities there. I think those two would make a lovely couple. He's in the back here. Using to the back, huh? Nine minutes, I think we're going to say back side. Nine minutes, actually, one at five, 60WQ. What was that? All right, we join us out. On the play again. What did it say? Well, I was busy listening to judicial watches. This year, we examining the balance and public county, Larry Clinton, and he's going from the bottom to the wheel of the world. Two thousand. Oh, I'm just kidding. There. There we are, too. So what the hell we're doing here, it's a girl standing in a spectacular truly unseen in some kind like between a rock and a hard place. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. This is what's so small. Sivivivium, I don't do it. Talk show host, hemorrhoids suffer. Folks, if over three other pounds, I know the agony of this kind of dilemma. Ladies and gentlemen, I'm here to tell you there's a help. With new preparation rush and my rush to excellent repositories. Now you can end the pain and it's a hemorrhoid or tissue. Just for my picture on the box of repositories and the applicator tube, another fine product from OIB. The obesity and broadcasting network. Okay, thanks, Fedans. It's one for a cleanest five, 60 of any QM. Groist in the expected shortly. You've said it about that. So, judicial watch, limited-potsking run and they got perforational report who are just before they're going to give it a final equal injection. She has to be up there to supervise, while these people have come in. And now they're examining ballots. They want to do the same thing. And all 67 counties all over the state. So, let's just, let's just throw my whole bunch of different groups. And we'll say, well, we'll watch as a civic activist. And we want to come in and take a peek and through the ballots too. Here's coconut creek. Wimes with peake hello. Coconut creek. Long gone. Probably expired up there. Here's Marge, close by. Hello. Yeah, good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. I want to talk about this to Lisa LePore. Yeah, bitch. Yeah, first of all, she claims to be a Democrat. But she was the one that designed that butterfly, a ballot. At the P.S. and that's for us. Yeah. And then, low in the hold, they decide. She's on the board that decides to take off the Thanksgiving to stop the counting. And then, for two hours short of being able to cancel the ballot. That ain't bad. Yeah, how come it is that in brown county? Well, it went away. How come in brown county to be able to work on Thanksgiving? Get people to volunteer. Since they thought it was more important than eating a little bit extra to it. You could, because the same bitch that designed the ballot also said was one of the three that set on the board that made that decision. I just can't have banned that for last year. Yeah. So, you know, I don't know how smart people are out there. But it doesn't seem that they're able to connect these dots. You know, it's really very frustrating. I called up a couple of people who claim to be friendly with this LePore and they're Democrats. And they're always a wonderful person. She's a hard worker. She really has a hot and a right place. But man, something really stinks there. I've never been on the answer this earlier. She deserves a lot of blame, but how about the Democrats and Republicans who approved that from the ballot? She was there? No, no, she, she designed it. No, she approved? No, she couldn't approve it. It has to be approved by members of both political parties in Tallahassee. It was approved at the state level by Democratic and Republican representatives as well. Me, I was disappointed. I'll cut you something. Sir, you're not listening to me. I'm just telling you that those people are going to be dumber than dirt as well. Either, I'm going to cut you. You do it. I'm too much credit. No, not really because I don't trust anybody. Okay, have a great day. See, this is, this is the problem. I'm going to get too much information and you start like manufacturing things out of it in your mind. And you just, you're just discarding whatever he doesn't like and making up periods. You know, conspiracy theories. As in five, six, seven, five. I wouldn't be surprised if Hillary didn't have something to do with all this. That's what Rush will be talking about tomorrow, probably. All the Bush people I'll be used to have over there now. Listening to all these hysterical paranoid conspiracy theories. So, let everybody else who's got conspiracy theories. Call off Rush. We're the one in here. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six on the A, K, and K. And provides them one of those lines. Look at that book. It blind looks the same as you did before I left. Or, at least he did, that's stupid. We're getting worse. Like, what's your, Katherine, here is all you need to dial issues. Okay, we got six, seven hundred open lines here right now. See all I needed to do was say that, our gurus gonna be making a statement momentarily. Right away, we have to line this up here. They're all running to CNN. We'll have it on here for you to relax. Here's sweet water. Hello. Yeah, woo. Yes sir. I can't figure this out with the Cuban people. Okay, good. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the A, K, and T. And provides them one of those lines. We want to talk about humans. Go up, rush. I figured out my Cuban thing. Here's South Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay. Listen, Neil, because I get your anger, because I'm not gonna suck up about George. Would you be doing that to play a country version sometimes I feel? And also, for George George, he's a one of the person that he's a pseudo-induletual kin head. And I'd rather listen to, you know, do a McCoy do, or do you pursue on Friday, but you should do. Yeah. Yeah. And other than that, I call him, Esteban King. Have a great day. One. Esteban King. What is that? Steak King and Spick Shot Out Want. Oh, I heard he's a general teacher. Talks to a teacher. Well, I'm just gonna talk about that. Forget about it. This considered the source. All those rightful people. I'm getting a non-cancer cell telephone number. We can call him up and issue them about all the times I'm in rightful. If it's notwithstanding the bus team is moving first thing ahead with the pilot. Yeah, we got your steam right over here. I can smell him. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let's get the chill on the road and you're okay. Let's get going. If you like what George did, like I've always told him to be for a fine. Listen and do it. If you don't like it, fine. And go somewhere else. I'm not interested. One way or the other. I take the check regardless. Oh, Marshall. He didn't serve him, Marshall. He'd never done that. Don't afraid. Oh, they're the crazy. I don't even know how that one. I've been a young woman. Yeah. I remember. I see I would be, yes. So he's really nervous. Yeah, he's an old, talk show groupie. Next we'll be talking about bear smith. This guy's probably got a set of silver in blow up the owl. Yeah. Probably a showy spell of our home phone number. Get out of here. You jackass. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, I can do it. Doing good. I want to get your opinion on the telephone conference with Gordon, Dashall and that part. Yes, that part was a joke. I mean, can I get you in my opinion? Yeah. That's my opinion. Yeah, I think that's part of a problem with course. I think this can't communicate. He hasn't gotten. He hasn't gotten. He does not have it. And he just thinks that's so insecure to try to pop out of the people. It's a regular humanliness. He has a reading. He has all the warmth of an Arctic ice cap. He just doesn't have it. Yeah. Well, the longtime little second time caller who put up the love of your show. Thanks, pal. We'll share a little share of that. That's all I can tell you. I mean, the one guy's a moron. He comes on air. Look at the deer in the headlights. Oh, we won. We won. We're getting ready. We're moving in. Yeah. And then we got the other guy that said, like a statue. Like I said, like somebody out of a madam two shows seen a ram I think they're called by the name that damn square. You can't say that damn square on the red. Just find a god damn square and Amsterdam. Okay. Man. Oh, and you'll be pleased to know you'd be very, very happy about this since you like that crap music. Like you're trying to live your teenage years again at Lint Biscuit Crack. I don't listen to kitty games. Link, biscuit. But anyway, you'll be pleased to know that in Amsterdam they don't believe about. Since all of his record, I have come down a repetition of one word which we never hear anyway because it's always, yeah. For the names of the hand they don't believe about the F. But this repeated over and over again. Actually, you see, because they really understand what freedom is about as opposed to this constipated god damn country where you maybe can still pick a crap or you sure as I can't say it. And even if you don't pick a crap, make sure it doesn't hit the water to a lot of cause mom's tired of listening to the door. That, you know, I just want you to stop and think about that story. Forget about the election. Forget about my greed. Forget about all the stuff. Just think about my mother. Make it a comment about how wild my, hit the water. And this is a woman who is always talking to how deaf she's getting. Who puts on the act she can't hear what you're saying. But somehow, miraculously, in her kitchen, which is many feet away from her toilet, where occasionally I have an experience when it's best at time. She can hear the, she's probably got a Richter scale in there. She's probably got a rigged up in there, a Richter scale. On her head, did it at Van Watt? You're a crazy person. Here's a mother in Kepler-Wade, hello. Yeah, I don't nail. Yes, sir. I just moved on a block over for the election. I'm so sorry. What I understand is the lady that was calling on you about the, about a five dollar. Yeah. Does this in the sea to floor up for a baby? Butter five dollars? Well, it doesn't prohibit it per se. And those words, but it prohibits the, it says that they're has to be, the names have to be on one page, it says that you have to vote to the right of the, the her Muskie's a bit of a name. Right. And the butterfly dollar, there was an right answer to that. Right. So that's like, I believe, you're, you're preaching the choir. Get in there with the parents to mew some legally about it. Exactly, I'm here to rep undead those approvals. Right. That is a electrons election. What is it? Am I not. Am I hard one for that? I believe it. Good luck to us, thank. Okay, I Maj. Who should reasonably do your next present so they've been sent to you a humble opinion out there and we on every one to humble part? We're 220 dozen, 60 seven a half percent bush 103, 30-1 half percent train and 60 boats so far on our survey today. Keep in mind that now there's 1,20,5 and a afternoon that most of the Bush people over there would slot that up that off preparation rush. That's the most non-geetting. See, it's the same thing all the time. We're over time. They want to hear their own stupid cock-eyed views reinforced. And here's somebody that they couldn't give a crap a lesson about 99% of the year. For all the years it has been on. But now all of a sudden they're all rallying around like they've had to. They're going to have to put up to the mobilization that day to get gas on the filming go there. And here's a guy, one of my listeners, young guy in his early 20s, 30s, got his pickup truck there, gas. And nobody's got the radio on. So, well, if you can hear those 10-toy impaired, right wing, got phones coming out of the radio. And as I'm walking in the go, I'll get my sort of, what have I'm getting? My Ben and Jerry's. Oh, sorry, Neil. I'm listening to Rush. And I thought to myself, you're not half the starry as I answer. Even the development of a back of this pickup was like trying to cover with years, looncing. Here's my enemy, hello. So, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. With the last week on either a scene and an RMSMBC, they reported that shepherd's myth of the Fox news report. Yeah, but Smith makes me want a puke, yes, sir. He ran over some guy for taking a parking space from him. Really? I learned it from Rick Sanchez back in the channel seven days. Maybe they went for the same driving for. Could be. I think I think just to serve him right, this coming weekend, we ought to have Ted Kennedy drive him both home. Well, I was going to recommend that we take the three of them, the next time the keybings of protests in and laying down in the street walking. Yeah, there you go. And hey, go off the rear. I'm picking up your liquored up. I'm doing the rear of them. Okay, right. And let them drive on the same street where they're laying in traffic. Excellent idea. That's it. Welcome back and George, to the great trouble. Thank you. You know that talk show grippy that called before, say George is a pinhead in the suit of intellectual. You write about a little bit back. You are worried about the suit of intellectual property. And I mean, pinhead, come on. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60,<|th|>5, 60 on the 18 tree and horizon. So if it's just a goes with the territory, you're a McCraight. I mean, who even remember who the hell I did? I hit a better chance this morning remembering way peri then go in the crate. And I have got any idea who way peri is. Even now, even though it was in here. God. Any away man, has you ever met? You can possibly have strategy or focus on simply carrying the boat. Now, you're going to go. That's what I'm saying. Get out of here. You make me want a buff. Everybody's got like a little circle you want. Just for a head, or you're just to make sure we know that everything is so this kosher. Packs up quite a few labormen. You're constantly a Russian. You've far button. He said, all of that broker's got his a Yama. Good. That's right, God for that. Because he didn't really upset. The Neil Roger Show sports radio. 5, 60. 6, 8, and. Show your back. 2, and. The light thing still. The life-winged soldier election from May, the Malat Chancellor, the United States of North, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Palman, the Pal Balman, who is that Santa Chamberer and his son? He is a Vladimir Lyvel said, who? Who is the Pain Model Regressives? The Attorney General? Why would we know the name for the Pope? Of course, the Sadduqell culture clearly represents historical kenntations and cities that are swimming around the square over the ground, holiness and I just noticed. No! Just give me that one. That is you? I can't believe it. But what do you mean you can't believe it? How much you think it's going to cost you taxpayers to pay all these people? I mean there were some volunteers, but there were a lot of other people. Alright. Well said. You said something about weight clock. What does that say for a Supreme Court taking drugs or taking briefs? There were enduifs? You know, it would not be great to get up there for the Supreme Court. Boxes or bleaks. Then of course, what about the women's here on there? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, keep. 5, 6, be on the 8, keep. See, you people are taking us out too serious. I don't know what's wrong with you people. Why not for a little bit? Especially your charges out there. Why not several shades? God. Walk in my book and I'll give you that. Here's Oakland Park, hello. Just wanted to tell you, I think it's very unfair that they're criticizing the Bush family. They want the election they paid for and they should have it. Okay, they're still a firm square, okay. For a original. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, be on the 8, keep. And Verizon will respond to the sun party. Robert people who are calling to show all of them like this last one, they've voted. These people are actually voted. Somebody actually drove in there, yank them on the car, stuff them in front of God, didn't thing, punched the hood, so they didn't know voted. They cast it. Now, his representative Jim Miranda, the credit of the. About that, he was losing this fine jazz because of these kinds of irregularities. He would be fighting just as hard to see that justice was served. As an A baby. Also, I talk to you next hour when we come back about the, a large undercount in Palm Beach County, which they're upset about because they think those are the votes that the goal that are out there. And also the confusion over the ballot, which resulted in a large over vote. I said, I said, I said, another cat on that under vote. A large over vote also that is multiple come on and over hang over bite is what is every strength in everybody. Yeah, something that a big over by probably that Carol Roberts. He got a big over bite in huge eyelash. She makes that pattern here. The secretary of Bush, pillar of the winch significance. I'm sure he said, like, line the truth about just having like draw line in the floor there at the accomplished joint. And had them like rub my eyes and to get in seems far off first. And then say in whoever wins that set, like a flip the flip the point the allowed rest rest hold in all of us. I think it's back for my good. Here's how you're here. Hello. Hey, you know, I'm doing okay. I'm using that call, because I wanted to point out something about this guy, Rob Scho from Montana. Yes. One of the reasons he's been on so much on the MSNBC and then whatever, because he's one of Bush's candidates for attorney general. He's shocking. And second. And interesting that the secretary of Bush here too, wants to be an ambassador, should all of these people who are just looking for a nice, nice, push job and appointment in the Bush administration just happening running around being as wacky as now. What are the co-incidence? Well, I had my way. I'd send it to you with schlobby as ambassador. But I don't. There was a second point I want to point out. I was watching channel 23 last year, you know, Spanish news. See. And they had one of their Republican analysts on there. You know, they're, you know, they're, of course, speaking Spanish. And this guy made a comment that if you're, if you're schlobby, you, you know, you've got to be up in arms about it. But since it's been Spanish, and most of them don't understand it. You know, they allow this stuff on TV. You basically said, what do you want over college or, you know, the other word that, that, that's, that's pretty straight out racist. You know, he said that and I just couldn't believe they galabized this sort of stuff. Do you want all the colors one? I don't understand the world with the world. You know, he was making a comment about the post-Hop. No, no. No. No, he was making a comment about the, you know, you know, you can change the other way, the Democrats are crying after all. All the colors or niggers went out and voted for them. Yeah. You know, and that's just, well, I, the best Spanish language you're on media in this town. They can say whatever they want. But I mean, these are the people who, I mean, if I say, cool, and I'm just joking about it, right away, people give up, and other things. You know, you're just, it's just that this is something, and this is something. This is something, and this is something, and the people who are going to be in the White House. Yeah. It's just disturbing. Well, maybe someday he won't do one up real close. And get a lot of work. Okay. Thanks for the good news. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, and pound 5, 50. Can I get a, what, what, oh, oh. Now, goes, going to speak any second. We're just like new waters to many George Bush. Yeah. Too much Bush. I've been trying for years. Too much Bush is a bad thing. Just like Jesse says, they had it a Bush. Now, he's pop-a-bootlessly, that she wouldn't watch the television, and for a while, she wouldn't let me watch the television. We had to debate the one of the last primary debates, Mr. True Story. She said, where are you going? I said, I'm going in to watch our son, too. So I don't want to listen to that. So I went in. Oh, man. It's pop-a-boosh. The fact next thing, the governor is just going to disappear in the background, so I'm going to be pop-a-boosh and dick. Yeah. And then the governor used to disappear. Good broadening to play your video games. Quite a kick along that. Probably while before, 2 or 5, 60 WWE can impact the, he actually said though that now that they think that they won, he will go to Washington, you see if somebody will show more leaders on a math. Funny, nail you into the bear net. So we're not happy to die. So we have a play, all of this. You don't want no more foulness, they tell you. That's good, yeah. So go to the court, thank you. I don't do. Well, that's easy to laugh. Go to the court. Look at the soccer ball. Woo! We're going to check the sheet with the edge of the, the guard there on the top. You see the guard in the blue. There's three things to laugh. We're not happy that everyone will like. And the fans will say, if you have a five to top after, if you don't want nothing at the end of the year. Top, that's it. Yeah, that was no mom. There was just about your angry Republicans. It's a 145, it's 560 WCOM. Five six seven. Here's no one can't. Whoever doesn't like that guy that lightbulb fan. And this is the district and first you didn't want to be back on the year again. And since we all of this stuff, I'm unit if I'm either way down the air. The answer to them is, oh, good back in the G. You're client, so you'd whether that murderer or whatever you cut the crap. Five six seven. Those are all here's a call. Yeah, right. They call from Israel. Hello. I would like, why wouldn't I call you up after 12 years or not speaking to you? I don't know. I think it might affect the video. No. You have no idea what this is. Yes, I do. What's the iconic from my N.J.? What are we used to call you? Cronic from my N.Z. Right. No, no, that was me. Sorry, you must take. No, no, the chronic color that we used to have an N.J. or not. What's the other we used to call you? I'm not going to say that again. It's not, but that's who the surgeon is. Yes, it is. How are you? I'm fine. How about you? How about you? I'm fine, everything's fine. Now you've a member of the most side yet, or what are you doing over there? I'm a private investigator. Yeah, like I said, I knew what I like that. I've got a call to check up on Julie Brumman. If I were no, we're waiting there to see maybe Barack is a resigning when I was giving a speech. Could be going home. Yeah, I see on CNN his a saying that they're voting and the solving the cabinet. I don't know. He's resigning. He's resigning. Well, that's good. Maybe. That's what I'm sure. That could be good. It could be bad, you know. Oh, sorry. This is all because they keep all those refibration out. No, no, that's okay. Whatever. Whoever is here, nothing's going forward. That's okay. That's what you're right about that. We've stuck in the middle. As long as you got a low schmotha had run in the wound. I'm burning the. I'm burning the. I'm burning the. They're growing a number. I think the one thing about the herbs is their circumstances. I was anywhere. That's good. How do you know? That's what that's the rumor. Oh, did you just going by real mess? I was just over there. I was just an empty room. I checked them all on. Okay. Well, when you come into Israel. I'm not. You're not coming to Israel. When God releases the eggs, Pagan the look is that's what I'm coming to Israel. Oh, we already had that last week. Okay. Is that a big of a. Okay. Let me hear you. Good hear from you. Okay. How do you like that? He's so well. I like it. I don't know. He used to be a car. What kind of a beast to car him? I mean, maniac just out of control. And then he would over there. He became like a real person. Yeah, you heard him. He's real. Where we going? Here's a mobile in Palm Beach County, hello. Palm Beach County. Yeah. Yes sir. No. I can George do it. We do no kid, though. The George did a good job. Are you gone? George did a tremendous job. He's out doing the crazy. But he's okay. Yeah. He was a little hard on this hair. He's no dancing the count. Well, I think Jeff was pretty high. I was the baby for it. So she used to it. Yeah. I got a question. Thank you. It's hard on his give's middle name. But anyway. Mr. Gore, holding such a high profile position as five president of our country last eight years. Why do you feel he could not capture a larger percentage of the popular vote excluding Florida? Well, what do you mean he won the popular vote by 200,000 and some odd? And how many voted in the country? 50 percent. 101 million. 112 million. 101 million. Right. And that's a relatively small percentage of people that are low. That's almost a point. What is it? What is it? What is the point? Well, the point is a guy that has a high profile position. Yeah. The zone would have a larger percentage of the AP votes. And by the way, the AP votes. What are the AP votes? The popular vote. The popular vote. It's okay. Well, how did we live? We call it again sometime. When you want to speak with some crap, whatever you're saying. You're associated with those. The AP, you associate it with press popular vote. And they keep saying, Gore is going to speak in and lead. And it doesn't look like Gore. It looks like we'll go to the street on there to me. You don't look like anybody that even looks like you out Gore. In fact, that is great if on substance, if on brown junior, what are they going to get with it here? When we got 85, that's right. 85,000 most special reports. If CNN would stop promoting all of stuff that they're going to do, and just do it. It's never meant to be Reagan said. No, just do it or something like that. Or like Nike said, just say, no, because he's been cheap sneakers. Or now they're going to respond. I think they're like that. We're better do it break because what's his name? Maybe he's speaking name in a free period. 10 before 2 at 5. So if you're welcome, he's doing more that AP vote by the way. Want to check on that during the break. The deal Roger shows in your sports radio. 5, 60. A, M. That's that. Two set of rules. You don't remember that. Every now and then, you talk about his decision 2000. And now, here's your chance. He won't let these a history with his musicals. They do, our goal. Sing, widely, goal. It's not hard. Now, he cannot to call one. He can't to call one. We can't to call one. And we, who's if you thought you would be. And if it's done, he's a Georgian singer. Roger, sir. Roger, sir. That's also three parts. One of rules for a minute. That's what I got told. Spore. That's what they did. All his proof. Oh, oh, oh, oh. From shot state sucks. And I'm not given a hint. But that's what group teaching is that. Beautiful. Yes, it's Albert. She can't afford a weekly goal. It's right. It's a variable that will report renew you. A double y'all. I won't do all. Albert is. He's a good sport. Number one with two boys. One fifty five and five fifty W two. Who goes with a big any second? No. That's what they can say. All I see is a regus on here. I see what colors my time. You're walking away. Yeah. Okay, where we going here is a lady mobile and park land. Hello. Yes, man. I just have to say about that. I'm a parent. He is a wash guy. Fish land. Yeah. I was going to write that. Mark was a house. He is a cop. He is. He is. Right. I have a good one. Thanks. He's subhuman. She's a scumbag. And like Alan Doucher would said, the course of he said it. A cook in a piece of crap. I think that's never said. Cooked piece of crap. And of course, you know what happens when you have a cook in piece of crap. He picks the water with a tremendous force. That's what mom says. But we're kind of a family. We're going to be talking pretty soon. What angles are coming out of that? Oh, that was like a 45 degree angle. That was like a right push in a half. Even Mark's fits couldn't do that. A little bit of a good marks on what's hard to do. Hey, from now on. In fact, you know what I'm going to do? I'm going to create a new. It's like a rural on. It's just skid on. Yeah. He has like band view. It just looks like a rural on your world. I don't know. I got to him. Big brown skid marks. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, New York. Oh, yeah. Here we go. There are back. Here's Boca. Hello. Boca. Oh, oh, oh, this is me. That sounds like me. Hey. So how you do that. Okay. Do you remember that a little phone call of alien or alien? What are you talking about here? The controls guys. Yeah. What about them? Okay. Remember how many lawyers came out to. Yeah. Kendall, coffee and all the other ones. Chmata. Yeah.