560, W2AM, Miami Port Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. OK. On to Neil, called 560, 056, the toll free for David Rower, or pound by 60 on yourself. All the opinions of Neil is guest co-workers. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of W2AM, easily read acquisitions or the feasly rod-casper. Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio, 560, QA, and... I wouldn't believe a word Neil said if the film was not known. So, I'm happy with the film. Oh, thank you. For very many of those bad jokes that I said, I asked that turned all red. I'm on the road with me, again, accept this time I'm dead. Please don't say over me. But I want to tell you, thanks. For very many that cheesy old man smell, that the Lord has to wear. And those loud details that I did at the FAST Blue Hotel with Anita Xper. And I want a girl who... Oh, hey. Wow, is this overhead, I guess it's OK. It's night-years being plugged up, man. I feel like crap. That is all point will correct you for a little head call. Nothing bad, little head call. But I'll survive because it's very, very urgent. It's extremely important that I'm here to hear. Well, if you don't hear that guy damn a cape of the pulp in the Cubans again, God, I'll marry. Would it be great if we had more than one cape? I think after three or three years, trust we'd have more than one best of thick. And we got more than one best of thick? Oh, no. Same thing over and over again. So Bob hope is dead and now Steve Allen. I still got him with like my hero, a childhood hero. He was the funniest man who was ever on TV. Unfortunately, and nobody really wants to save us. Because you're not supposed to say bad things about bad people, but I will anyway. Unfortunately, in his last two years, he became like a little, like that. With those big four-page ads that he was taking out and newspapers all over the country with his own money, at least he was spreading the money around, putting it in the economy. Because here's the man who was always a champion of great liberal causes who decried that what he called the dumbing down of America. Right in line with my second. But also who was in favor of censorship, because he became an authority daughter. Here's a guy that started in the kind of cutting edge of comedy in television. Cutting edge. While wacky, irrefent. Help to let when he boost. Now, see, I don't understand that. How could a guy put when he boosts on the air and be for censorship? I don't understand any of that. But I guess he's a little bit older and will retain the starts dribbling down which in sometimes, you know. But anyway, Steve Allen's dead, very, very sad. And what he can say is that Larry last night, you know Larry, who snap at his suspenders, had a panel of older, people on there. I mean, real old. He had Ed McBan, Carl Winer. Much Douglas, who looks like he's been in bomb for 20 years. And turn it to go around, so he's on there. And they all, when he got up to think of the newspaper ads, and just by coincidence, there was a full page ad, we've all seen him, Steve Allen with a censorship thing, and write the sponsors, Mr. Morris, so we're, you know. And naturally, they all agree with that. It was a great cause, they agreed with him. And of course, all these men over the age of 100. Now, Carl Winer, I'm really shocked and dismayed that, because Carl Winer being the great liberal. And his son Rob Winer, we had, well, the great champions of every liberal cause that comes down the pike. And here what they're really doing, because they don't want to say anything negative about Steve, nothing he's dead. Steve Lawrence was also one there. Remember Steve Lawrence? You don't know who Steve Lawrence is? From the left part of the name, and I probably, Steve Lawrence, he didn't go away. Did he put the two of them together like that? Does that ring a bell? Steve, he needs a bell. Huh? Not too heavy, though. Anybody in the shot, he's still who Steve Lawrence is. Oh, he's brought it by the way. Used to be, I'm not sure he must not be any more. A hand-cooked norm, his brother, when the elevator, the press elevator, because Steve Park for years in years, I don't know if he's that thinking died, pretty sure he died. Or maybe not. I don't know. I think he died. But he was the elevator operator. And when you go up to the press box, when you have a little press, PNG go up to the press box, he's, he's, oh, hey, now how are you, Mr. Wider? I'm a Steve Lawrence, he's said, mother. Yeah, he was, I was, he was a nice guy. I always make a product on you, he was Steve Lawrence's brother. Oh, what's wrong with that? Not everybody can be Steve Lawrence's brother. Running the press elevator, the press team park. Hey, listen, some people just don't like to square the ground. That's where it goes Steve. Well, let's see, we got good news and bad news on the solution cannot. First let's take a look at our poll yesterday. Here's some real good news. Are you going to hurt next Tuesday? 813 people responded. 641 said, are they going to vote next Tuesday? Yeah, 718 percent in this crowd. They're voting crowd. See, the nine voting crowd, most of them are going to be like, because if they're talking about this, they're saying crap for weeks on end now. And you know something to apologize for it? Oh, no, I'm not talking about it. I'm pleased this punch, as you would have pretty much accepted these days too. He would say that though. Please do punch to be talking about this. They can a lot of sense. 86 people said, no, no, 10 and a half percent. They're like this, but they're not voting. And people not registered also 86 10 and a half percent. The next pretty good though, almost 80 percent, less private, you figure this saying, probably under 50 percent nationwide, but we'll be voting again. And turn out is the key. That's good at this idea election. It says, tight as a witch's spectrum, armpit. I mean, it's tight. Now the latest NSNBC, voters, Zadby, state tracking polls, are very promising for growth. An national poll was promising for Bush. Because as of right now, this moment of really latest NSNBC poll shows Bush 46, grow 41, neither for you can and one. And the five ground one. The independent of the libertarian, five jury ground. 46, 41, so grows actually an inching away popular vote nationwide. But you've got to keep in mind, he's ahead in a billion states, Wyoming, North Dakota, and Oklahoma, are all these grotesque places that Rocky Mountain, you know, that's thin, that's not of Yahoo places. Idaho, Montana. What else is up to there? That's about it. That's, well, Arizona. Arizona, wherever you're right, we're in crack with all the right when cracks that they kick out of Orange County, California, they all go to Arizona. Just as you on the cane, Hurt area. But the statewide polls are coined and this is a good of the brilliantists. I know there's a one L.A. Times poll on a British suspect that shows Bush 44.J. and Florida, but nobody believes it. Grow is up 12.51 39 in the very latest MSNBC tracking poll. Illinois, grow up six. Pennsylvania is up four points now, after trading by three. Michigan, grow up two, but that one is, I mean, it's a razor type. Wisconsin up 12, which must mean that some of the major people are coming back home. In Tennessee, Bush is a leader's down but only two points after being up 11. And the goal is going to be this coming weekend. In the summer state, they try to cut a nail down those Yahoo's in Tennessee. Get him out of Andy Jackson's cave and say, come out coming to the real world and stop being about to need a thought. And I'm looking at the electoral hopes just to those three five states that I just mentioned, forgetting about Tennessee. Just the Florida Illinois Pennsylvania Michigan, Wisconsin, forgetting about Minnesota and Iowa Arkansas, Washington, Oregon, forgetting about them. If grow one, those five Florida Illinois Pennsylvania Michigan, Wisconsin, he wins the election. That gives him 200 and 80, one of our cohorts. I love them more than he would need. So there's definitely a possibility that the, see, I think I had it the wrong way. It looks to me now if we do have a, a disparity between the popular vote and the electoral vote. It looks like Bush could be the popular vote and grow who when they election would be the electoral votes. What do you think about that? Here's a poor question for the, Eric, is your re-bement and asset or liability or allegor and you have three choices asset? That means like a positive okay for you, idiots out there is you an asset, a liability or he makes no difference. Joe Leigh-Berman. Mr. Neely now. Mr. I'm busy sucking up to everybody I can and they're all over my street. You're all my neighbors in Connecticut. Nine minutes after, it's headed five, 60 WQM, your flu station for the line. It's divided by the panther team. They all they excuse dollars before the game. Then I had the flu, private, he sniffed a little bit. That's a flu. Panning iron, there's a gross team, but we got the flu, so it would be my mouth. But come on out, we had a lot of room for it. And at $0.550, it's $0.550, wow. Woo! Had it been bare, now that thing about Hank, and I said that I knew this and he was about that year, it was that a secret. I don't know, I'll find out. Okay, but I don't know. It's worth it. Well, we'll just, I'll even call Hank and tell him to turn off the radio, if I said, that's something good. No question of the program, maybe we could do to that the express written permission of WQM, based in broadcasts, who've incorporated. Get the reward, up and on, I just love to see the ducks at the park, but lately, I've been suffering from hemorrhital itchy. I bought some cream, but the directions work clear. What a pleasure. Ah, fact. I know. I've been suffering from the same problem, and even though the tube has an applicator, I wasn't sure whether to apply it to my front side or my backside. Ah, fact. Well, well, I guess I'll just have to call and bother my pharmacist again. Ah, fact. The next time you're suffering from hemorrhital flare up, listen to the duck. Who would know more about their backside? Gonna do it. Because after all, if you ever seen a duck with him right? Ah, fact. Ten-four-teen at five, six, you're going to do it to K-way. And so Hank won, what a word is it? If a lifetime achievement were from the bruises, air rewards. But what is their name? Lifetime air reward achievement, but there's a name. This is not the woman in broadcast thing. There's a lot of folks on it. And if you're related until we have the information up here, found it's way right now. Well, what do we have five little related? Now, we've got almost four hours. It'll do here. If you like some kind of an emergency, I'm sure Hank is already well aware but he isn't Hank aware. 31? I do not know that. Well, he's not aware. He's not aware. Let's hear from a humper, baby. I can't hear. Right, Palatee, but if I think anybody that survived his many years on EOS E and I both had been here, it should get some kind of recognition, some kind of a special chalky symptom. I'll go and Hank. We'll have all of you at info. What did I just have here, but I think I actually missed him? Oh, this, now this fact is very interesting. Because it says, contrary to what our group's team said yesterday, and the fact that we did not get that anticipated in much hope for a call from Laurie Flint, whoever that he was not out of his temporary coma yet. It says, people who are following the news know that Larry Flint no matter what you think of him as a perfect record, what it comes to exposing the sexual horrible of typical officers, he's never been wrong yet. That's what this is. This is off. Again, it's off the internet, so who knows? That I just got off the fact machine. But that thing, the case, evidently, if there is something to that story, they just weren't able to get to hurt us for the being. But we got plenty of stuff. I got the Boston Globe story, which worked today, and got away in front of me for a little bit later. Questions are made on Bush and Surveillance, as a guard pilot, not just the imagination of Pablo Gallo or anybody else. But these are legitimate questions. And so many people are talking about character and honesty and integrity all of this other crap. Well, I guess, what this man, and then of course we've got the great article by Molly Ivins, my very favorite in the A Hero About That Page this morning. About Bush and the hate crime bill, and then we'll also be dead before we're done. Lots of people do it in my bad church today. And about the real reason that they didn't want the Republican and Bush in particular refused to sign the hate crime bill in Texas, was because it includes gayism, those beams. So very facts out there, all you will know, can't be Republican, you better put your wrong way next Tuesday, for least they're wrong enough to punch the infing for war. Because the vote for Bush is a vote for yourself, this traction. I'm telling you that right now, but we want to believe you're not. Here's already my me, Buh, hello. Yes, man. Good. I'm here to show you that bad hope is dead too. Because you tried, thanks to the memory, which is bad hope. Yeah. Instead of this is to be the start of something. You really didn't have even sleeping for while, Bob Hope died, some time ago. Where, how long ago? How many weeks ago was that, how many weeks ago? How many weeks ago did Bob Hope die? Oh, I have no idea. A couple months? Oh, no, go. I just know that. I just took it into a while, but I thought that newspaper I was really happy about that. You saw any pictures of it in the last year or two that he was living, I'm sure would agree with me. Well, I think you were a good one. I think I didn't know he actually said to me. He and C-Valena are going to continue to get a note. Oh, I had a check and fly down. There you can, and a big team of school in the sky. Yeah, okay. And like C-Valena's nature's, it's long was, you know, this could be the start of something that I wrote it. But yes, you did. Anyway, thank you for the information. I hope you like a couple of years of a country. I'm serious. I'm not going to get you to see Lawrence and you need to go to me. I know, I'm good. I don't know the person. I don't mean personally, but you know who they are. I absolutely thank God for you. Have a great day. Okay, thank you. See, you got to be old like us, you know, since my birthday is coming on Sunday, I'm going to be 58. Oh, oh, oh, oh, I'm approaching the big 6L. Don't worry, I'm getting there. Oh, yeah. I'm working on the phone. The march of, oh, the march of times, the march of freaking times. I don't understand. How come we still have a march of diamonds? Do we still have polyones? No, not very much. There's not what the march of diamonds is for. I thought it was for like muscular district here. No, of course not. That's, that's, uh, Jerry's kids. No, of course. No, there's no. Anyway, the march of diamonds that explore the tunnels are pleased to announce that, hey, bro, hey, stupid. Is it a recipe that this year's excellence in radio and lord? Mr. Gold, we'll be recognized for his honor. This honor, if he 2000, south Florida, two-minute radio words, they held up the shirt near for hotel in Gina. December 5, 2000. Previously recipients of this honor include Bob Gainer of my media public school. Anybody over here? Oh, I heard a glory again. Rick Shaw. Ha ha ha. Good old Rick Shaw. That's you, listen right now. The July, I am not a lot of great. I've got a magic FM, of course, formerly of Laxi, way in many, many, many, many, many, many, many years ago about 70, 80 years ago. And like I said, Rick, watch that cap, please, it's starting to walk around on its own. Jerry Russian of WDER, he'd be the best. Robert, Robert, Robert Walker of Walker of its given and David Ross of Clear Channel, Brock can't. I see, we were going wrong, okay, till we got to David Ross. And I'm sure Hank is probably embarrassed to be lumped into the group that includes David. Ross of the Chief Channel, Brock can. The era of words sponsored by the Ford Motor Company. Will I drive a fluid? No, no, no, no, no. Associated Press, Abitron, Metro Network, Shadow Broadcasting, Westwood Run is a broadcast competition that seeks to recognize excellent local radio, which is the medium created with establishing the name. What is it? The name of the marches' dines. I don't understand that. In the late 1930s, Eddie Kader, remember Eddie Kader, Koshidon, George got no idea who that is. Eddie Kader, radio announcer in the Fender Press, and it was about made appeals on National Radio for Merckon to send their dines in the White House to help find a cure for polio. See, I told this Marty pants. In just nine days, millions of dimes poured in. Compton Kader to call the virtual march of dines. In addition to honoring Mr. Grober, Kader goes for 2000 include Best Morning Music Show, Best Student Talent, Best Station Event, Best Commercial Spot by an agency, Best News Castler, or that's got to go to World War II name, really more past. Yeah, Best News Castler, and Best Sports coverage, Best Public Service, and I'm not gonna need more. I think we're funding a first producer went to like a pat for the morning show. That should go well, because that's about that. Yeah, it was fun, because we're getting back from vacation this morning. First thing you encounter is in the hall, because I heard him screaming out that, it's a fight, grab it with the fight. Because Pat, the morning producer and Joe Rose, who hate each other like, Persian, or screaming and carrying on almost the day of, were on the verge of blows in the hallway, if I can say, can I say that? No, almost at the verge of fist-acoust, which wouldn't be a very free fight in 10 years off. Joe Rose is 7-4-5, and Pat's about coming up to his knee, and checking him, they pat. So I guess in addition, you're great this day and for, I don't wanna say it. She'll get upset. Carlos. By the way, speaking of Carlos, I understand she would dress up for Halloween last night, but I don't know what it could tell. But anyway, in addition to Joe Castello's tremendous this day and for poor Carlos, who's on an awful morning show on Paul and I mean, that great morning show on Paul and I mean, that great morning show on Paul and I say, I guess he also is a stepping developer, and I'm like, great this day and for Joe Rose too. See how you're pretty tight with Pat. Dude, that's one of those years where you can't be neutral. They have to be on one side of the other. I can be neutral. But I don't mind a little about, he's fine. They don't have either a race guy tonight. That's your new resume, Sam. And then, my little child's home, I'm about to interview one. No, it was okay. Was it okay? Joe Rose is like very young. How he was doing with the ladies, the answer? How you doing with the lounge? I don't think it's the question about his new so much as the way he says it. How you doing with the ladies? Oh, just, oh. He asked me, I came in this morning. He and before we sit on the rest of the 20 minute commercial breaks in there, he asked me that. How you doing with the ladies? And it just made my skin crawl. So anyway, March of Dimes, I don't have no idea what they're still around. I talked to him a lot. I haven't had the polar vaccine. I've been pretty much eliminating the polar on himself. But you know, they got to do something I guess, so they give it out radio awards. And let's hear it for Big Fat Hank. Okay? Hi, I'm here in Humber. I'm sure he's probably doing course of his career, not almost there. I was going to say probably he had a roads of a mercy, and you know what I'm saying? And because finished lower encounter things that are more meaningful than the March of Bands, Air Awards, the hot air awards. But hey, it's something. Something to put on your resume. Here's a mobile on Hollywood, hello. Oh, hang on. Hank? Just didn't know. Listen, I don't like a- I want to talk to you. You're supposed to congratulate me on my award then. Oh, congratulations for your award. Thank you so much. I want to say a factual statement. The other women listeners out there, yes, that they ought to understand what is happening in the selection. The reason why George Bush is avoiding the abortion issue and all talk, because it is not a normal platform. Yes. It is part of their platform and make them think about it women. If you vote for George Bush, you are now competing to men that you can no longer decide what is best for yourself, that men are now going to have to make a decision for you, because you are decided that you cannot make those decisions for yourself. It's too important. You're turning your body over the bush. That's right. It is a vote for saying men are superior minded than you. That is what you are saying when and understand that. When I can fight for it and a ball for later, you are the ball for a position of both of Bush and a ball for stupidity. And I'm saying that. Well said to you. Nice girl. He's a little worked up. Not hope to still alive. We're totally there. I call the Eric and have him do a research project on the net. I hope it still alive. I would swear they died. I thought so too. Bob hope is still alive. Come on. Eric's going to fax these information in the moment. Did I just dream it? I remember him being very good. Right. Right on the edge. And I remember that book about that bit that I played a big name in the show today. Just wanted to look like it was like a big hit. Come on. He's dead. I'm trying to get out of my head. He's alive. He's a hundred and seventy four years old. He looks like he's the bed for the last twenty years. He's got a new ear growing or his nose used to be. That's a huge thing. He's gotten the ear there now. Probably eight to much about genetically grown corn. That's the problem. Yeah. That's what's going to start happening. When you people start having babies out there, and you're going to wind up for the ear growing out there. Four-head and extra fingers growing out there. Right. Correct them as. That's because they've probably been, you know, you were fed that you're nearly grown corn. Yeah. It didn't make me super taw or anything like shack. I'm hurt for spill along. No wonder she was so shocked that nice lady the call before. Well, maybe I mean, still not on that yesterday. Maybe the memory I'm not a person because I do have great psychic abilities. No offense, but if you'd ask tomorrow, if I have all the like a blame for the fact that he's 195 now, that's not the reason it's because we'll set it. It's always me who's called. No matter what it is, somebody's got a bad bomb movement. It's my fault. Here's my enemy, hello. Hello, no. Yes, sir. Are you going? All right. Okay, you have one of you. There's a very black listener. Yes, sir. Okay, I'm working a retirement resident. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, a lot of our residents get a lot of absolutely balanced. Uh-huh. And most of them can't see it. Right. So what do you think I should do because I think you should give them London to help them hand? I think you should punch that girl who. You think that girl? You have a choice. You can touch the girl who or the asshole. Well, I'm going to throw them at a collars to be back. Go ahead. Your friend, your richly corn soup. Okay, get out of here. Go punch winning that punch enough. Turkey. Five, six, seven, five, six, eight pound. But Bob Hop is still alive. I was so one he was dead. Some guy just said he he just had a foot and they did. We all them out and he went get out of here. He went. He was right on the very edge. You don't you remember? The man is 105 years old or something. 105. And he's still alive. That he's better than a bank holiday. Yeah, we hit him with five shots and he's still alive. And Bob Hop. Still or I can't I just un-shocked. I'm in total shock. No, because I played the bit and I'm taking them out of self-acquisition. I are how easy I'm influenced. 27.5 or 10.5. 60 WQ. And don't be a rich wivre with that dolphin broadcast this weekend. That's 31.5. 60 WQ and our poor so far is still real women in the ass. That all I ability to elbow her. He's still in town. By the way, he's still real women's listening. Even as well. Yeah, he makes me sick. Do you live women? And I'm a lot more Jewish than you are. I guarantee I've eaten a lot more kishki at any delivery. Mr. Without walking around with that would have a nice sleeve. There's nothing worse than a guy walking around with kishki, honestly. Anyway, 54 votes 21 say he's a liability 21 say he makes no difference and the only 12 say he's an ass set. I guess I'm going to put a hat or I guess that would have won. But we already did that one before. That would have been a way to do it. As said or asshole. But we'll just keep it the way it is. Let's try to keep it on the afternoon and make a look at it where we're as respectable here. He wants to talk about this show. We don't with any words from anybody because this is not a respectable show and Steve I will not have liked this show. Who bad? He's dead. Now Bob Hope? I don't know if he likes me showing. I'd probably maybe if somebody told him what I'm saying. Now somebody told you he's 89. He's got to be more than 89. He's 89. He's the worst look in 89. I've ever seen my life. He could pass easy for Mithuzawa. He's got to be over 100. Well someone called him Saturday night, but Eric posted up a Saturday morning, 1905, which would make him 95. Yeah, that's more like it. I knew he's close to 100. Now George Burns is dead. He's still dead. But he was around 100. Wasn't he then he makes his 100? I believe 101, maybe. Yeah. And even at 101 he low-classed 25 or six years difference. But Bob Hope of course, you mean he made all those long trips, you know, and these are the trips that I must have been worth doing it. Here's a moment in my hand, he'll be home. Yeah, yes sir. Yeah, I want to know who you're going to have to have for you. 560, 50560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T and provides a wireless line. Go back in the box earlier, go back to the cockfight, get out of our face. Here's a moment in Cooper City, hello. Okay, hi here. And what is it sir? Speak. Yeah, did he hear me? I'm sitting out. Okay. Oh, that one. He's over now. He was actually born in 1903. He's getting over by the minute. He found the information new passion. So now he's 97. By a lot of the cockies that are be 100 and 30. And by noon, he may be all along on the trip. I don't want to get a mercenary as they say. Here's Carl Spreings, hello. Yeah, I was going to say he was in the 97 and 98. Yeah, he just had a birthday in Tom Springs and they had a big party. Yeah, come on, you people, this is like liking from the back of the front. You people are like, yeah, a big party in which he sort of attended. They wield him out in his wheelchair. Yeah, his life was gathering drool from him. And he kind of looked out at the crowd. You could see like they had no idea where he was or anything like that. He couldn't speak. He's just he's come a geriatric envelope. But he's got a lot of money and they can keep him alive. Marks, great. Some of somebody's paying for it. By the way, you know, it looks like Broward and Palm Beach County. I'm going to tilt this state for a gore. Let me say again, grow us up by 12 points in Florida and the latest MSNBC Zag Bay pull. He's up by 1251 to 59 points. And I would say to all of the push supporters out there, what does it tell you when his own brother is lukewarm for him? You know, Chemdeny can't pay for his brother. His own brother is more lukewarm than Palm Hope. God, yeah. Okay, have a very good thing. Or in somebody's facts, I mean, the complete push-ups, which I wish you would most out of my thanks paper, but I guess you've been doing it anyway, because I've already got all these. I've got more guide than Bush's and they'll you shake your damn thing at. 13 pages, he's facts me of this direct. Anyway, getting to something important, questions remain on Bush's service as God pilot. This is in the Boston Globe today. For a five-president Al Gore, the character issue was like chewing gum stuck to the soul of the issue, hardly a day passes, without Republican challenging worse character, especially his story tendency to embellish facts. But Democrats are trying to find foul saying that Bush's overstated his own record with foul us political consequence. You literally, the calling attention, misleadly claims Bush's this campaign to make about his Vietnam era of service as a fighter pilot with the Texas Air National Guard and documents that contradict Bush's insistence that he attended required Roosevelt Abandoned Texas in 1973. Five months after the road personally quoted those discrepancy Bush's biography on his presidential campaign, but the side remains unchanged stating that he served as pilot in the Texas Guard from 1963. In fact, Bush only flew with a hundred or eleven fighter interceptors squadron, Elington Field of Houston, from June 1970 until April of 1972, that monkey ceased to line altogether two years before his military commended, and unusual step that has left some veteran fighter pilots puzzled. In Alabama, a group of Vietnam veterans recently offered a thousand dollar reward for anyone who can verify Bush's claim that he performed service at a Montgomery Air Guard unit in 1972 when Bush was temporarily in Alabama working on a political campaign. So far, nobody has come forward to be word is now up to $3,500, still nobody has come forward. What's more, Bush campaign spokesman acknowledged last week that he knows of no witnesses who can attest the Bush's attendance at drills after he returned to Houston, late 1970, and before his early release from the guard in September 1973? I could read the whole thing, but it's too long. But some of the important points, the evidence is strong that political influence got Bush into the guard when the alternative was the draft or an enlistment. The mystery is whether political crowd accounts for Bush's abbreviated careers at guard pilots. The official record that chronologically, Bush's service includes no evidence of service between May of 1972 and October of 1973, the official date of his discharge. He was kind of wandering around on a drunk in whatever he was doing. And this is the man who's talking about character and honesty and integrity, who's also got him. Substance of these problems, which we really know part of, and the rest of the accused is going to be questioned. That's character and integrity and honesty. No, I don't think so. And then we'll get to a Molly Ivins article too about more lives. About the hate crimes bill and taxes, which in the first debate, first he said that he did that they did pass it with his help. And all what we do have a lot, turns that a lot they do have is a watered down vehicle law that they were barely able to get to the legislation they're about governor and Richard within. While before he became governor, we'll get to that for this good upstanding Pozo. Play to before 11 or 5, 62 WQM. Tonight on Fox, lock up the bagels and cream cheese and prepare for a wild ride and Fox event when you attack. Fox or by the committee to like George W Bush and I KFC, when you can get the new GOP bucket, the GOP bucket is all right right, wing the only 2995. Wing the tank. 1032 so we just double check Bob Hope still is alive in George's nose and asshole. We've got a big hard on where I have to be sad to point. So what we're getting for lunch today? I shouldn't have said that, but wait, after that was bad, bad timing. All right, what we doing for lunch? I'm ready, whatever you want. I am too. I gotta have something to do. See, eat now. How does it go? Stive a food or a feed of cold? Is that how it goes? Feed of cold stuff a fever. I don't know that. Well, if not, I like it that way. Or if I had a fever or I'd say feed of fever. Huh? Yeah, feed of cold stuff. If you never heard that to you, if you don't know who's the fever or I'd say, I'd never heard feed of cold stuff a fever. No, I've heard that. There's a ton of those, though. You're supposed to sweat out a cold, you're supposed to do all that crap. I'm not talking about it. I'm not going to tell you about it in terms of food. In terms of rationalizing why we're eating. Because feeding is good. No, you're hungry. I've got a cold in my mouth. Stuff that. And if you eat, it opens up all the pants out of your, like your, your vegetables, as you may as a passengers. They call it chef. Yeah, call up ponytail. See if he or he knows about nature passes you. No, he knows about that too. Now he takes too long, didn't he? Not if he's got his motorcycle. Okay, call it. He's not right in the vest box. Oh, George, you know what George will think about that? He's got only nearly corn, why do you have vest box? 56050505050 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. I'm a little uncle here today with a set called the Reptile Noir to Head Baby. 90 votes in our poll is 0,000, and an asset or a liability at Al Gore. 39 say liability. 29, no difference. 22 say asset. Means we've got 22 old Jews out there. Oh, that must be what that is. There's nobody with a brain in their head would say is an asset. I'll say it again. You know, so keep changing. He's in the lock box somewhere. They got him shut up as tight as a drum. You don't see hide their hearing. But leave them in air. In fact, he was on last night after the big tribute to Steve Allen on the King by ship. Here we go. Would you leave them in again? Again. Oh, I love you Larry. I love you and your family and happy your surface and I always protect. Here's not my enemy. Hello. Good. Yes, sir. I'm the out of couple things. What's got you out of the company? You're the top school of this country. He got a jail. He got a general one out of business. He did not lock out from any relative that yesterday. So you really propaganda again. Here we go. He graduated from the year of one of the top schools in the country. He got a gentleman's seat. They ease them to just like they ease them to the military in the van for a year. Just like they ease them in the ownership of the Texas Rangers after we failed in the world business. Just keep reinventing the truth. You're just keep the reality hand over things with the with grow and bad ability dropped out to to go into Congress to run for Congress. You don't know what you're talking about. But just keep reading from those propaganda sheets that they keep sending out in the mail. That's why these call it a tomac we have an echo on the phone. And you're how can you didn't tell us about grow wanting to be peeled a second memory right right? It's to them sure you have that literature as well. Here's a mobile and plantation. Hello. Yeah, Neil. My Lord and Savior, are you in case you're good. Listen, I'm leading this condense for a better one tomorrow. Yes. My name is National from War 5. Flying into Rome. See that for 17 days. You can probably do more on for it. So hopefully, I'll put forth. Just want to let you know too. We are actually the current vote in Florida is one miller. I call that to Ann. Let's end those and we have a town and they allowed me to vote fairly. So, what is that one? Nothing. All right. So there you go. Let me ask you, if you ever done the math with the pope on Wednesday? No, I don't do any. We need the pope. Well, I think you know, it's kind of you see an old guy in a dress. So I like to say. You have to go to Vatican. You see a guy in a dress in Rome. You'll see if you get you out of the pond and it all over on that day. All right. I will miss you but not much else. I don't like to fuck around for shameless requests but I could use a duck job before I leave. Okay, bonus set up. Later. Okay. Yes. You want that knee passing? Some Jeff. Sure. Whatever he wants to bring. What happened to his glove button? Good read. What is it? A money for later now. Yeah. The hell you are. Rock, rock, you're in the building next Tuesday and they'll let his ass out here. I don't trust him. He's too wishing to wash you. You know him. What do we got to give away there's in the tickets for what? For what? Oh, for the pants again that I had any interest. No, no, no, look at my way. On the glass. Sure. That's great. Why, buddy? Let those panties are they hotter one. Oh, they're in first place maybe vision. That's all we care about. They're in first place. They got a win. They got one win. They're in the grooves division. Okay. So yesterday there's going to be an Astralist next to everything in that division. What? What is that? Are you taking them? No, he does. I can't have them. So they're adding so hang. Well, you can get out first of all. You don't want to sit in the front row. They're the worst seats in the house. I mean, they are. You can't see anything. You want to put us a whiplash. And you can get tickets anytime you want. All you gotta do is call up our good friends, feed the end of your field or my cancer. But they take care of you. I've never used that option. Call out already told you that time. They will take care of your believe me. Just give them the code. In fact, I'm going to go there and get both of the tickets tonight. Give them my code. That may have your rid of it. Oh, seriously. You can get in there. We got a pair of tickets right up against the glass. What sections of one we're going to get? One, thirty three, one, thirty three, whatever it is. Right on the glass. And then you don't have to worry about you. Have plenty of elbow. I'll go one. First said, I'm going to really go in the course of the guys. All right, we're our sick. Thomas got a code. He'll be playing. Oh, they'll be playing a one and a lie. He could have a broken rig and he's going to be playing because for ten billion dollars a year, a way to even take a no-for answer. That is, I've lost how they too much just screw in around sweetheart. Too much run and make it on the beach with a ray of wit me. And I sure if that rumor don't come up with any foul line with your nut broadcast. Here's core gables. Hello. Yeah, hello. Yes, sir. Regarding the judge bond. I'm afraid he didn't make it to a hundred. Oh, no. Yeah, he passed away two weeks before it's hundred birthday. Oh, and hey, what does happen? You remember that he was supposed to have a party in England at the podium? Didn't have it. And I got a tell you, the reason he passed away was he didn't get flu shot. Are you serious? I'm serious. Oh, and speaking of flu shots, there were show on over, I guess I saw it on CNN over the weekend in the airport. They raised the price wave because there's a shortage of flu vaccine so they jacked the price wave up this year. Isn't that nice? That's helped here in America for you. Yeah, well, I was over at one of the markets and they had a time there saying they were going to have to raise the price. Yeah, so something's what you said. One more thing. You know, it's the unthinkable happens. And Mr. Bush does get a letter. Oh, yeah. You mentioned yesterday eight years. I would venture to guess we're talking more like 16 because if George Bush gets in 10, Prince Jeff before behind Can you be in his behind? I don't think you could get like a bulkhead to anymore. I think I think you are people around him Anyway, that's a I'm out of a jerk. Okay, thank you sir. Whatever you said. So George burns the make it to 100 wrong on that. Let's get the buzzer Bob Hope didn't die yet That what else Well run a streak here today wrong wrong wrong. I'm a big man. I can handle it Like I said, I don't know if you'll cripple I can't stand it 567 how about those hockey tickets any interest at all the islanders must have some the Yorkers out there. Hey, they don't have any fans in the York hockey industry. I don't even hear They don't drive flies. They're on wrong on Here's the lady in Kendall. Hello. Hello, I found an article about why you and I and a lot of people were confused about Bob Hope's death. Yes, it reads here. It's sure it's sure. No, this is no lady. No, no, no. Well it says on here lady you can't do cash that I'll credit you a lady. I come down here and punches like that If I were you when we don't want to call. Oh, sure. Okay, anyway, this is it and I associate it Pensadical being referred in the event of a death of Bob Hope was inadvertently displayed of a new service website Friday on June 5 1998 Oh, that's why now I remember this. Yeah, it goes talking at congressmencher rolling three announced his death The floor about how some majority leader sick army side copy of the eight pinch in that story Handed it to representative Bob stuff of Arizona and as since John Ops hope does under high floor Lincoln down Yep, something else meant Bob chat slide on see span became the basis for urban user organizations Reporting that what that died when it was announced a few minutes later that the 95 years So now we know how old he is now Hope was alive and in fact was having breakfast at his home in California army and stump apologized with hope Stratomony the AP removed the article from its website after that person notices However, so it's not already made his announcement This is kind of funny how the name is ironic right? Yeah, sure is Then it says AP like other news organizations because the victories of the liberty So copy can be more quickly when they die APs on time Mario Correspondent Bob promise to us You know for decades call the family to apologize on behalf of the AP for the your own interest court Bob Carter Linda said it has happened before And they were you To it Not a good laugh about anything out of good. Oh, you know something now that you're telling me this I remember reading about this in the tabloids they showed him lying there on the grill you like Would be a good guy Great last night. Yeah, I think something I thought he would that too So I thought it was that like 20 years ago to be honest Not a string you are now about out here in the train Joe castell-a-law It's a call. Yeah, I think thank you Lady in candle what is will you made just you off your food? I think you better eat over but extra today He sounded quite seven did not sound no had not sound feminine He did not sound like a lady I should have said how he's doing with the ladies. He didn't sound feminine now you're making it even worse Then some feminine or I see it's a who you're saying He's a who you're so what's wrong with that? That doesn't mean he's feminine 5 6 7 5 6 8 Are they ever gonna loosen the banana drop his back here? Maybe he'll do something all the way down it But now that he's back all the way to the screen in this morning Well, it's fine. It's a fight get off you stuff. Yeah So we're somebody engineering get lying five fixed on here. I mean we're we're smoking on his phone here lately because we got the election in the only six days away You silly person I forgot to show that the pictures of the rude devassal in the men's during the rally Actually, but then I just thought on the I don't have to show them the pictures because he's already been there He already seen his places From the outside Here's a mobile and highly a fellow well, yeah, sir. Where would me on the phone here? Yeah, right? How are you doing there? You started by as much like way wouldn't you as I do? I Check in for I Yeah Who else would you like to be this you have a bomb hope? Oh, yeah, would you like to be Bob hope? No, okay 28 5 6 7 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and two and drive some oil. I guess what power we're winning is a friend of mine I know they wouldn't even know we would me okay God That's really something about as much like a really with me as is 20 more test sounds like they would me So where we're going today that no, but that don't leave me. I'm not wrong on L For a little guy where we need to get a big ball of divorce. He must have he must be hung like a moose. I mean, rooster I must have the balls of an elephant a great phabic But is that is now that you're a stereotype that guys with real deep voices have big balls and that is very type of a true I don't know where we don't have anybody in this building. It's got a big deep booming voice That great 30 covered an IOD and you all days over there it's cocky if I can say that he Probably does not that I would care but I'm just I'm just assuming Huh, where does that stereotype come from? Are you that's the big ball of divorce you see right? Thanks a lot, wait Is leaving in Miami, hello. Yeah, I mean, yes, man. Yeah, you know that guy when you come on here Behind me for boys the first I just think it was a deep voice keeping woman Yeah, and then the more you talk the more you found the guy the more it will maybe the word he was like sitting in a bad position in the beginning Yeah The naysality he might have been resting on his low-roars or something but anyway I do think that George Burns was a couple days after his first day. I remember reading about that And he laughed it just like a few days Afterwards He kicked off well, I guess we all all this to see Val and for dying yesterday So we can debate you know the I'm confused and get he was really I think he was a genius he wasn't genius. He was the funniest man We've ever on television but I'm not gonna mention because like I said before and he's closing a couple years He would want off the deep end. He lost it. Well, you know, he was real card And he's up to better thought how the she's changed Yeah, but he was a great remote while he was an innovator. He was cutting edge and and one of the quotes And they are thinking about him here. It is he says Even as early as 1980 Mr Alan complained that TV comedies were too far too dirty for his pace Now that's that's that old buddy buddy attitude attacking But don't you think that the oxen eating and how he's said you know you re-do a blue material when you're out of good material? No, I for example last night one of the people they had on the phone was done Rickles who was very funny as usual I'm Lurek came when they had this Paneless tool and and he and I noticed that he didn't mention that he didn't bring up This topic so after he spoke to Don Rickles because if he would have mentioned the thing about this campaign that it cleaned up But TV Rickles were probably told very the f-off or something like that, you know Well, anyway, it doesn't matter because he was great. He was the best Yeah, he was the best and And it's funny that they said you know he paid the way for Johnny Carson and all of them and nobody mentioned on TV That Jeff or was right up there I mentioned they didn't see him last night. What did I do? Yeah, I don't know he was like that Oh, because I haven't heard his name. Oh, yeah, Jeff power was a lot of Johnny Carson never said anything funny in his life I never knew what that was all about Jeff power was great right Johnny Carson was a good TV politician that's why he This long as he did he meant to really Choose the right people yeah, he must have a lot of bulls for red McMahon Exactly, I had a great day sweetheart. Okay. Bye bye bye bye bye. Bye bye, Steve And they showed some of the cuts the sports cancer skip a door here where he when he cracked up It would be on the floor just thinking your pants because he was legitimately cracking up. There wasn't fake I mean, there's nothing worse than somebody laughing in his fake like Yeah, or even better one Yeah, those are What How you doing Karen? I had one in my mouth one That's if he said in the five 60 QM 4 3 0 5 6 2 WK may have my amy more blood or nail a measly blood gas group stay chance UAM dot com Anybody have on hard or a liver? We go to the closing statements. That's what's work. It's one of my top priorities Jim to give everything will child in the United States Handguns there's so widely available The kids are finding way to get a hair of them. I'm a grand father now. I want to be able to throw my grand son We will file and unpredictable and I'll do whatever is necessary if I'm proud to make sure that it's Day of that way and I ask for your support. I'm gonna push Have a new commander and chief who will lend money to To corrupt officials and and so to make sure our society is as hopeful as it possibly can be Every single child in the mouth. I must be put to death. I mean every child We can we can close club of schools And a hard hurry person and I don't care about children. You feel that is a fair We're a country administration. I do I do it's a level of one of five sixty w two and so I'm going to marry Ivan's rights and I don't want to hear any more your crap all you redneck girl with your craft Well, Molly Ivan. She's great Governor Bush and hate crime bills. This is in the on the op-ed page and held us morning A dramatic new political ad reminding viewers of the dragging death of Jim through junior in the in Jasper two years ago Has the Bush campaign in the world snipped he not to be at his utterly disgusting For it's hitting his death attracted the nation's media to East Texas the case in reaction to a little much exam And as was the later case of Matthew Shepherd the young gay man who was last to offensive my only At the beginning of the 1990s on session of the state legislature the black brown and gay community He's with the madding a hate crimes bill an issue had to be addressed by Governor George W. Bush He said he opposed the bill because all crimes are hate crimes The house sponsor Representative son of Phonia Thompson in one of the finest speeches of her career made a direct new bottle Is cashy a bad check a hate crime is insurance for out of hate crime The house after an impressive debate past the James were Julian Moore or hate crimes bill 82 to 61 and a look as though something good will actually come out of the racist murder Who are sending we consider to bill at the Senate pass it and then he said to work to keep a bottle up in the committee in the Senate Because the media followed the bill closely there was no doubt about what happened As Senate sponsored Rodney L. O'Cee at the bill was stuck in the criminal justice committee because committee Republicans could not accept Gaze and was being in the special category This was not the let's not embarrassed the governor session and Bush's political problem was simple He was about to run for the nomination of a party in which the Christian white voters make up about a third of the Republican primary vote He could not afford to be associated with the bill that could be interpreted as giving special rights to Gaze The bill was desperately needed to reassure minority communities that the court cares about what happened to them During intense lobbying on the bill winning mollins the words daughter traveled from Hawaii or her husband is stationed in a military base Detestify before they later They legislate you and meet with the governor nice type of The Senate judiciary heard her but the governor refused to meet with her Molyb's called US Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison the only Republican state official to attend Birds funeral to ask for help Hutchison and Thompson persuaded Bush to meet mollins that according to several sources present It was a most uncomfortable meeting Bush in the special uncomfortable that began with all and asking why he opposed the bill and he said he hadn't read it Mollins give him a copy and he chewed on his desk at the end mollins ask will you help us? Bush said no According to Diane Hardigan, see a lobbyist for the lesbian and gay political caucus Mollins was crying and he didn't try to control or even offer her a clean ex He was curled and I see to her this is confirmed by Thompson others were in the meeting This doubtlessly accounts for mollins is voiced in knock controversial ads saying that when Bush refused to help pass the bill It was like reliving my father's murder all over again to put it mildly Bush did not steal mollins pain When the Republicans finally voted to kill the bill after a caucus meeting with Bush's staffer Then a class walked out they held a play in at the capital or tunda and shut down the Senate during 10 hours and negotiations on the bill More than 200 bills were killed during the standoff and he remarkable level of personal animosity was achieved It was an incredibly bitter fight and Bush's subsequent effort to claim that he had decided to With moderate Republicans on the bill and various his own supporters this is the background of the ad When Bush doesn't generously claim during the third debate that the Senate Texas had the hate crimes bill He was deliberately ignoring his this entire history and referring to the week essentially meaningless law That was all that could be passed under governor and Richards It's hard for me to tell whether Bush actually believed the things he keeps claiming about Texas rights molly Hi, this is Thank you Don't confuse them with the fact fell Tverett. Hello Oh hey. No? Sir on the phone here Is that sounds there comments Velo La masala fall how cool didn't honey, too nice feeling good Here's my wish the Rockers shine. He's still better I guess I'm going to check on it. Pretty sure he did. Yes sir. It's been the OST-RUN to need to go there. Yes. Did you know that Neil Sedaka and Neil or May were first cousins? How do you like that? Just an FYI. Nothing else to talk about. Well that's great. You know, when I was out in Vegas, losing my answer a couple weeks ago, Neil Sedaka was playing at one of those joint out there. Actually, last year I saw him in concert up there at Kyu. Yeah. And he was actually in front of two hours, not stopping you really good. I like Neil Sedaka. I actually knew that. Yeah, I threw him in a classical one that was a little bit. And he said, I'm sure you all know my first cousin. You got to go with him. And that's ED woman. How do you like that? And there's Turkish descent. And don't think about Neil Sedaka. Yeah, the wife, you know. That's correct. Yeah, Bruce. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, let's reminisce. Let's be real old. Okay. Let's see. Which one you? Can. Man. Yeah. This will be a six second. What's the cost? It costs any Whineau. It's just, for one guy. boys, those kind of see what you will lose your election. Yes. So what do you like it or not? American are not going to play at you in the White House. Uh-huh. You would do, obviously, think that that's going to happen. You think boys are going to win next to you. Well, let me answer you. That's the case. I'm going to show close. Well, people are just both going to come down to it. When people got a put their little pin in the hole. Yeah. And they see, leave them in there, they're not going to do it. Well, that's good. We'll see. Yeah. Redneck is right. Take a look at the state where Bush is ahead. Redneck state. Every single one of them. These are the running-a-go-state of Catta is something. They don't know. It's not a question that they hate. And there were ten of these. They've got a Republican government now. Two Republican senators. It's a very Republican state. They've got to be. I mean, that's our final goal. That's who it is. It's not going to happen. Well, we'll see. Okay. Thanks for your optimism. Not that there's no anti-Semoison in the Florida. Let's see it again. Probably the most MSNBC orders are the poor. 51% per go through the 9% per bush. And when you take it, when you consider the or tubans and the redneck, you know, it's only 39%. Got a lot of old Jews out there, baby. A lot of smart Jews. How to pay it. We will vote for go. How do you like that? Every single one of them. And so are the Republican several times. Yeah. I don't want you to anybody. No, there's so much of a vote in like four or five six times. And I checked this morning to find out what the goal and the way it is for a dark vote in this election. It's not bad. Not by too much cracked rate box. I guess, but hey, it's better enough. And it's not. Yeah. I'm going to check a lot of the five six. Okay. I'm so full of it. Tina. My daughter dear. You talk too much. Your job must be hurt. There's the nothing to hear. If I was there, that much is certain. So big deal. I made some calls. We wanted to elect J.F.K. And how did I do this? I did it the my way. You know I've had a few. My junior is one. I have two mentions. And now, Tina makes it to. She still got these. Now, the election. I go. I'm Kim, son of. Next is all he'd win. All he likes is today. And how. I do this. I did it the my way. Before you got a problem with that. I didn't think so. And if anybody has anything else to say, you'll be meeting me. I got sooner. God be. 14. Five, six. You're going to be a few. She's still dead. Oh man. You got to double check in every one of you. Just want to think you got him out of the way. And then they can come back. I can hope. I still. I don't know. I'm torn on that one. Although I do remember in the. The caboids, reading a thing about how he would. So, I'm used. As the preliminary. That's a lot. I mean every second of every day. Here's the fact from Rob. This is I believe you were wrong about the. I'm not going to fly. That's what all crap draws. Well, yes. Rob. And that's the so bad. Even the flies won't touch it. Honey like that. Here's the call from Tampa. Hello. Eddie. Yeah. I think one of the reasons it. Goris pulling out of Florida is because the folks and all of those in South Florida who've been conquered by the jubber. Yeah. This is their one chance to really hurt. Yeah. The cancels people are so about it. Let's go in there. Both for Gore and make that little boy cry. Okay. Yeah. They got a whole week now that everybody's laying off. On the cancels business on the chop and down. You treat. Sipers cutting stuff for one week. And they claim that they're pulling in the cruise to both of the program and to do this and educating. They're doing a crazy get in their asses with every day. And there's a penalty over. And because the public is really interesting. They're cutting it off for a week. A week from today will be November the eighth of day after erection day. So maybe the judge there isn't want to piss too many people off right around the election day and the baby for her. So figure it out. Put the guy down on your stop or boots back on again. A week from today after the erection day. I'll over again. Keep that in mind. Here's a moment on Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing today? I'm doing okay. Good. I just want to know. Did you happen to see there was an article on Al Frankenwald the New Rally Stone about his push really dumb. Didn't see that one. You have to read that article. If you're interested in it, it's the one which I could do on the cover. Okay. It's a very good article. Is that a newer one and a moment go on the cover because that's one I got. No. I don't know that much. I just thought it was last week. It's pretty new. But I also want to ask you any questions. Can you get the fuck to take it? Sure. No problem. I forgot all about him. I wrote you a hand in the bed. Okay. Hang on. All right. Why don't you take care of that fine gentleman. Give us some wooden film. We see it something to say. Can I get to take it? I didn't know. He didn't do that. I got to take it. I got to take it. I got to take it. And I got to take it. Everybody else. That's why we got so many thousands of them on so-called men's game. I tell you, look and try to grim. And I'm not going to change that as the public. I understand the prices keep getting higher and higher in the of. Concestions keep getting higher and higher. I would like to see a good crowded. And I'm going to go there even a sick as I am. I'll be there. Freezing my answer. So that made me check it on. The other last last. That would be a nice shot. There at the end. Actually stuck right in the net. Right after the whistle went. Almost headed up. But they're not playing our record. But in the meantime, they're 65. They're at least one six screens they believe. As opposed to our Panthers, you've got a grand total of one game. A grand total of one game. A man who would be teams that they'd played by the way, like the Minnesota Vile. I'm exactly what you call the cream of the crop. Yeah. So let's hope that inspired the flu and all these other excuses that they pull it up on our children and get out there and kick some island or ask. Or. We might be saying some of those moor boys very soon. You know, I don't want to stay playing Bridge bar here. But yeah. Yeah. Start to come to a lot of people's minds. Here's Holly Wood. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. It's me. Good at best, Neil. The long voice of reason and self water. Yeah. Before you come on in the morning, I kind of have to keep pushing. Yeah. Tell me. Pardon me. I said yes. Tell me. Yes you are. Before you come on the morning, I keep trying to find the decent radio to listen to the station to listen to. And I happened to switch to a public radio. Oh, boy. And we, there was a quote from our wonderful George W. Blumberbuff. And he says, We're going to the Democrats. They want to tell you that the. They're cutting taxes does not resonate loudly with the American people. What I tell you that is does resonate. They're not. You know, you murdered people. He's a moor. What do you expect? What would you expect when it was connected to me because Leonardo made with me? Neil, you're the best and that guy that comes called a couple, Isa can I see? Young K Jones. occasion person. Mister. I that club is the nation. OK so black like. How are you doing gentlemen? I don't have to embarrassing him, OK. Making a big sun events to seeing me try to make some Members. I'm so nervous, Mary. Thank you. My dad always said put Army there. Between 10 or 14 to live officers He said because it's professional. 670560, 560, 560, and I'm not gonna talk about that. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't pay any attention to me. I'm okay. Your job is safe. Because I also found some real inside story, too. So your job is safe as long as I'm right. Don't go through there. But a beer, and a horse on a dance. That's bad. Yeah. Nice owner. Oh, here's where you can look at some pictures here. Some places that you're fed. Our group scene was hanging out. So we have five places you're better. I was hanging out. Yeah, he's always with a girl. That's why he's put those ads in the paper. Beered wanted. Give her two those ads. Beered wanted. 560560, 560, 560, and I'm the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Here's my DB, Chelo. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Chelo, they can't get a piece or a calling. What is this? Chelo, they can't get a piece or a call. Oh, shit. All right. Now, probably the only person in Ka-pa who knows who shall the internet user have decided here. You've decided to see your theory, yeah. Yes. I just want to call on my wife. You're still asleep in a backseat of the car. I believe here. OK, good. Is that a one-him-to-see what's going on? Right. I just want to verify that George Barnes was attacked over 100. It is our cops. He placed them open in Canada rings and they're one in fact over 100. Yeah. Ka-pa is just as alive as while breaking and they're both now living tribute to the modern Dissolves wax museum. I don't even have an affair over this stop. Presidential election. Yes, sir. On the same side as you, Neil, but I just want you to know that the following elections for, you know, 20, 30 years now, no matter who gets elected, we're public in Donacrat, abortion, still legal. You can still get a gun and a word. Capital punishment is still legal. How are you doing there? The same thing's happened. Unless we do something different for a change, nothing will ever change. So, Harry Brown for president. Oh, God. You were doing so well. Well, I tried. I just gave you all understood it's the way I'm. I'm an all-understander from way back when we were going to the events for a great guy. Daniel days. Oh, German Daniels. So, I had a Tim Horton calling. I'll see you later. Oh, 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I can't look at what it can relate those balls up there on the plate. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami. I guess. Yeah. Speak later. Oh, yeah. We've heard too late, speak. I guess. Hey, hey, yeah. I don't know about on the election day, but I'm not going to help with push. But I'm going to heat some push. Yeah. Yeah. I thought I'd have to say it. But. Okay. That makes sure it's not the burning bush. Okay, sure. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Other articulate squarts out there in radio land. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Now, while in the air, yes sir. I just wanted to wait it on this, can't hate it, you hear. Go ahead and head to the waiting days of the campaign. I think maybe we should, we're out of the gift, our pal, her Hernandez out. So, we can help with the election and we can all vote five or six. Yeah, he can find a few stores for us. Maybe in fact, we get your George Burns down here to vote. He's a good little guy, right? That's right. That's right. Anyhow. Go go. I've got a material. Okay, thank you so much. Brilliant call. 560, 560, 153 votes in our poll so far is your little man in asset or liability outgoer. Why ability 66 makes no difference, 53 and 34 series in asset. He needs to got 34. Oh, really? I'm a poll today so far. Jeff Cohen vote next Tuesday. Notting is said. Are you registered, Ralph? Indie voting? Four. There you go. So, Castellum, good. He's been a registered vote right without a doubt. And you're voting for her? What do you think? Okay, and I'm going to be able to vote for the first time in years. I'm voting for growth. It's four for four. How do you like that? Yeah, but he has values of job I guess. You know, as we've said, it's better done. Make sure somebody's following them there. Here's a moment of baby, hello. Hi, Neil. I want you. Okay. Good. Kind of understired on new to vote for. It's not Chuck, is it? Sorry? I said, how you doing? I'm doing good. Good. Kind of understired on new to vote for both of them are pretty much. New to occur. Exactly. Either way, I'm going to vote at least five or six times. My question is, is it a solution I vote for? Well, let's get thought off. Who's on TV right now? That younger workers want to just draft those to go. Okay, there you go. How goes on TV right now? There's you answer. Okay, you got to think. Bye, bye, bye. Message from Dale God. There you go. Ask him you shall receive. 24 passed 11 at 560 WQM. The rare of exploding ball. I'm doing good. That's right. Just about everything and night. Because with me, young and tight, can you see the shadows? I waited in the street. She finally gave it to me now. Just like in her songs, I sent you her most. I've been dating since the work force. It ain't no lie, I had it. I was the first to go through that door. It's come by, bye, bye. This is outside of everybody knew. Between it's like punishment for you or two. I hate to dare you for virginity. I've come by, bye, bye. She just carries us a young and tight. I think about it every day that I am with him saying. I hate to dare you have virginity. I've come by, bye, bye. Okay, see your tanner. What do you mean, chair was all school? What do you mean by that, Joe? You would not your type. You're listening. I'm beginning to wonder if there are any straight people around. I just, I don't find any. I'm listening to comments that Jeff Cornel just make a note here. And then of course we know that he hangs out with our group. And after him, we're out, I had to say here yesterday. And she can be pictures that he left here. I don't think you're in our any straight guys down here. I know him. Yeah. Don't say George. I was using him. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Several upper lines here, we're right now, yes? This is because lunch is here. I didn't have you to crap out. Six days of the election time. Do we see it tremendous? And here I am, I'll let off my six that. I'll just put grow on here to help you. The work guard done much rice and deserve a secure retirement. I'm running for residence to fight for you. And that's something worth fighting for. I need your help on Tuesday. Let's win this election. Oh, what? Wind Guard. And then let's win the future of the United States of America. God bless you. And thank you. I'm a senior in the United States of America. And I'll go to him. He needs to help. Steve Allen was the only guy with enough hits for the Pelletti Broussant heavy. That's what I said. That's exactly correct. He had the ball for the very Broussant heavy. He was cutting edge would be an understatement. Sensitive and banned by just everybody under the sun. And then all of a sudden Steve Allen must have had like a getting the bad dog that grow bull of bricks. Must have done it. Giving the rich mits. And for last three years, if you're one of those after full page aired and sent to this and sent to that and like to what if he just he lost it. And we just double check. He's still dead. He's still dead. No, see now. I'm so paranoid by announcing names on here. People like that were dead. And there's still a lot. That 200 year old by very nice baby that caught from the beach right off the bat this morning. And she was in shock when I told her that Bob Hulk was dead. I'm the find out. I'm wrong. And she's right. I'm like, I'm there on. I'm kind of a schmuck right? Yeah. Here's what I wanted to do. Hello. Hey now. Yeah. Pretty good. You all really have been really just with me after that this time. And especially about this show. And if you don't mind me say no in personal opinion. This is you off about this show. Yeah, no. I'm talking about the people that call this show. All the advocates are you called you up. Yeah. And talk almost this crap. And then go ahead and do the complete opposite. Why can't people just get on the radio and show what they feel? Yeah. Why use that? That's not that's the different burning. You say you will have burning questions about everything. Well, that's my burning question. Why can't people just be real on the radio? Because they're suckups. Most people call them. I've always said that. They're ever loving the joy to people who call radio talk show. Do so to appreciate themselves with the host and suck up. Even if they totally disagree, they still want to suck up. I don't agree about everything that you do. I think you're very funny. And I just like to be exactly why it's you. And I'm entertained by you. Very good. I cannot get on the radio. And we're saying it's him and I'm not here to solve all the problems of the way. My actual answer. That's right. I like to say just a soft word. I don't know you don't speak your mind. If you have an opinion, be strong with it. Don't give me a very weak or narrow. You're God. You're straight with me. Just to get three tickets or some kind of class. I just just want to make me like. Make me happy. Make me happy. So that doesn't be a man or something. That's right. Don't make me nauseous. It won't time at least. Okay. Thank you. We're working on the pal. Thanks very much. There's a guy that's totally dislike it as I'm with him. Speak the guy damn truth. I'm not sure for blow. Of course it's a for bush that can't be. I would say that we've had about what? 70 to 30 over the last, or at least you've been in a city video this week. Much more bush people than group people. Because they know that I at first of all, I don't like the suck around. I agree with everything you say. There's not there are a few things more boring. You're looking at more irritating what I've to buy is thank you for taking my call. I hear that on our sports shows a lot. Thank you for taking my call. What if stupid thing matters to say on a talk show? When we keep giving the numbers out, will we invite you to call? What a whole guy damn show. About talk and they do falls out there in radio land. Thank you for taking my call. And that is in line with what the sky just said. That's the first step in the integration process. They're stuck in our ready. Even before hello. Thanks for taking my call. That's just the way of sucking. You just don't have a child, can't on a go. There's nothing wrong with little sucking, but let's not go too far. Right here in the middle of the show. Did you see the way that Jeff was trying? See, I can't do that. Try to be a bearish and be great. He's a nice kid. You know? He wasn't bearish. He was a bearish. He's a biblock. He's going to put that plastic bib around my neck. I may come and get serious. Yes. He's going to look some kind of a dirty old man. But, I'm just because Jeff congedy your old man. I don't have to be a follower who has got them footstep. I can say shog the head, you've been. Had a dump him over there, now go or sleep. That is. He started hanging around with that pro. Okay, will you next time during the next. I'll do it during the break. Get that picture of our gold team and that's something that sets on there. That's airbrushed on there. Get out of here. He only wishes. It has dreams. He only wishes. That he had anything even. Even the same shape as that thing. That's that. That cock and bull story. If you're part of that expression, then to give me yesterday about. But I asked him to go up to a beautiful blonde hooker who's going to like a half a block away from his apartment Amsterdam. Well, that's only 15 minutes. When I was in Thailand. I ate it right. When you were in Thailand, but those little boys, what were you doing over there? I'll come on. You still the beans, sweetheart. How are you, kid? Here's a mother and four-laterdale. How are you? Good morning. How's everything? Everything's good. There was always food. Listen, I've heard you say, go ahead and write in them. Oh, but I'm like Bobby Brown, who played with that broken ankle in this sandwich I thought I'd do him, buddy. No, well, I wish I had a broken ankle. I got a broken head with this election. You got to know one thing, or you know, real trouble with this two-leavement. He gives Jewish people bad men. That is absolutely correct. He's an embarrass me. He's a walking-adflanty senator. You know what would be nice if we could have an election for the vice president and a election for the president, and we could get the two vice presidents, what's opposite each other then they have to work with one another. Whatever the guy is. Yeah. And so what my point is, Neil, if there is such a word around here, even if this corgits in, you're still going to get stuck with that censored idiot who wants the censored Hollywood and people like you or the right to preach. Oh, and then another thing that he was doing last time, so ready brought up to you, we're going to give him. Every time he says anything now, oh, well, Bill Bennett and I, Bill's done that in my first of our bill Bennett is one of the most right-wing of Nazis, hateful sons of bitches that ever stepped foot on a face of those earth. And the fact that he used to be good buddies now, of course Bennett, he's been out for all. And it's the Nazis and every chance he gets now, the leader of it doesn't have the hook for the separate himself. And if he thinks that he's appealing to the Democratic base of anybody with a brain by always, always in bokeh in the name of Bill Bennett, it's not for making a cute, just blood drop. You know, I see the rewriting on a magic carpet ride. Whatever the theme of the day is, he's an, I think that's what's killing the campaign. I think he's an embarrassment to help with that. The guy isn't leading us at an antler because this daddy's boy Bush, who's trying to follow on his father's footsteps, I'm afraid he's going to be on the cell phone trying to get advice from his father. And when he gets all time is like Reagan, well, I'll untubble. Okay. And so the lawyer will be left with Bill. Bye, bye, bye. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, Bill Bennett and I did this and William Bennett and I did that. And this man says it with a straight face and you old Jews out there are running the plundering the scourge, please vote three for a time because you think that it's a benefit that this guy is Jewish. He's an embarrassment to the Jews and everything that most Jews stand for. Now he's eating, you can do it, that's God damn boy, two labormen. So him too. How's old you doing, by the way? Everybody down there and kind of got an old Jewish court on the return. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you want to old you people and you think you'd be voting? Because forums are not all that right, he's not a phone. Should be about asmoders, or asmoders are all the vote on. Yeah, somebody I'd go and take old you by hand and read him the ballot next Tuesday. See if he can catch his big one. Probably two before me in the 5, 6, you'd be the QFM index. Eminem shows how bad a white scourge in Janksterlarker can be. But we're approaching the suspect, apparently he wasn't happy with his order and he's backing up the entire drive through line. Yeah, what the f*** you call it, that happy meal you f*** is, it's fine to call G. What the f*** is the pickle doing on you? Ches, Eminem gets arrested for vandalizing the Donald's playgrounds walk. All that and more on the next cup tonight on Fox. I think you'll know at 5, 6, you'll be sure my six runs fox. So first put that network on my report about, because started pushing the mind to America. That's when everything started to go to the past. Anybody believe in that? No. That's what Steve Allen said. He's dead. We find any more information about Bob Hope? Is he gasping for oxygen at this moment? It tells you, on this fact, that you read the article politically incorrect by Bob Norman, the latest version of the Broward New Times. Oh, no, he did not. But if he didn't come to the camera, I'd probably have to have a canvas on the camera. So, oh, it's an article about Jim Novel, a mayor for waterdale, how is he endorsing abortion? Now he's endorsing Bill McCollum, that up much is right wing rabbit asshole, who's behind Bill Nelson by Penn Coates and dropping farther behind every minute. You're not for on anybody, how are you doing? You got two chaps, none and much less than none. You got two chaps. Five, six, seven, or five, sixty. I'm in Coherent. I got a bad head cold. My ear's not got open up a little bit, and that's it. Do in the best I can. We got about 40 grand for a plant parenthood with our best at ELCDs and cassette and key chains of course. You can get the CDs and cassette that specs all over town. And of course, you're napples in four miles spec too. You know, the OIGRs.com, or the Emochimersia WQM.com, or you can call the lovely Miguel Carma Gels Extension at 205-6501-3640 years as well. And the campaign of course continues to be in beer. It's part of whatever town dick I'm not right next time. Here's a mobile in Naples, along. Hello. Yes sir. Can we light things up for just a minute? Can we light things up while we're too heavy for you today? I don't want to talk about our George Mushroom. We've been talking about dead people and we can't get much light in the night. Dead, hot, you can't talk about it. I don't want to talk about big tickets. Good. We don't have any tickets. And you ever did do something during the day and started singing a song in your head? I want time. And just you stopped your song and you say, wow, I'm singing that song. I haven't even known it. Right? I was telling my long-time. I like this passing you down. Yeah. Yeah, I used to sing sometimes. But anyway, I was cutting my long-time Saturday. Very nice. Something, something. I'm going to sing. Yeah. Exactly. You're easy. If I had a minute, guys, like you, I'd be at about 90s here. What do you want? And I'm telling my long- And the song goes through my head. And I know you're not going to believe this. I'm not going to believe this. I'm going to believe this. Oh, right. Do you believe it? Yeah, that was the one. No. I feel like it's going to be that way. I'm going to believe it. Yeah, that was the one. How about this? I don't know. It wasn't that one? No. How about this? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're saying it's weird. Oh, yeah. Yeah. No, it wasn't even that song. It was going to my head. Oh. Yeah. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Wasn't it working on, baby? No. I was blowing it and the grass, too. You were smoking it and the grass, too. Exactly. In my head the flower goes in my head. I don't know why. From bump, bump, bump, brick, valley, sky. My creature. Oh, oh. I want to fight in his face. Oh, the letters. I've got to, the valley stole my briefcase. I like the part in his face. I like the part in his face. And you know, that's why we jake what's just in the right. Oh, I think his wife won a fight at our fair night. One bomb on Bradley stole my briefcase. Oh, that one just went straight to the human race. Oh, and you gave a hug. And they press a hug. That we will be also included. Oh, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. You know. You're an asshole. Did I do it for you? I was like a gift that needed to be spread. Okay. Bye. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. He said let's light it up a little bit. And we did. I'm so proud of these deadly serious people. I got called before said. He said, you know, next Tuesday no matter who gets elected. You're still going to come knocking on the door three at a morning to go to your house apart. Clear trees down. Go through ashtray. With your car apart, we still have a police state. And he's right about that. I mean, I'm pulling for go. I'm hoping I'm squeezing, but, you know, it's not like it's not like he's some kind of panaceaer. It's not like he's, you know, he is a buffer. I hate to say that he's just a buffer. And he's got a weak link that didn't you, league or man this guy. Oh, my good friend Bill Bennett and I have already had a bad day. Oh, in fact, when we asked him about Steve Allen, because they had just been in 40 minutes of vioor jazzing, but always old fossils like Mike Douglas. And that there was one of the first things he talked about. When you know Bill Bennett and I for years have been the big green with Steve on that. And we, oh, God, Bill Bennett and I. That's what I'm saying. Timon Jerrigan, I just had a great meal together. And we were just a green on the. Yeah. You're a white on Judaism all over the world, sir. You and all those hostitum that are rocking back and forth over there at the wailing wall. And on the old road. You're a white. And as they say, and you go slavia, cocktail hoist. Here's a moment of cupricity, hello. One more. Jeff out here. I'm not. How are you doing? I'm 42 and I remember while I was run home from school, because it's four o'clock in the afternoon. Steve Allen shows on. That's what I was in grade school. And it was to move with funniest TV that you could have watched. And he would have much mentioned patterned and Charlie Towers could be on the show. And there was just so many great things. And after I say, you said, I'm a butcher's brother. He just super day off going. He had a boy that he had date now and on too. I think it was on after he was, I'm trying to say before, how do you do the reactor? How do you do one of the other? Obviously. He was unbelievable. He was not. Unbelievable. But he was dead. You mentioned Bill Bennett. Uh huh. He was. So. They feel better. It's got a really good confidient. So we were in in Rushlin' Bar and Roger Ailes and go back and all have lunch together after he, you know, he gets into the white house. I think that'd be a massive, a coffee-quatch right there. I'm sure I'm hearing can be the issue. It could be good thing. There could be the exactly. So, all right. That was all. I just went to see down. I will miss you. And my dog was just dead, isn't he? He looked like it. He looked like it. Yeah. Yeah. That was all right. He looked like the, the mask of death was over a day. Sure. I mean by the mask of death. Not like he didn't mad him too so because they're mask. At least they make him look lively. Yeah. They have to make it look a little bit alive. But this was the mask of death over the face of Mike Douglas. I, we could take up the office per person Bob Holt all the way. You never know he might hang on for years now. Not really fake me out. He might just, just out of spite. Or Bob might hang on for years. Or it's skin-hose. Here's the four miles. Hello. Yes. Good morning. Good morning. Good. I'm not tired. You got to my call because I don't want to be a sucker. However, I have to use that phrase in the past. You know, I won't do it anymore. I like your call or earlier about being honest. This is a nail on 43. It's a great white nail. And I guess over the years, I would have been considered somewhat of on the field. But, uh, you're definitely entertaining. I think you're entitled to your opinion. It's good. I'm glad you do what you do. And I should have not changed your mind name. But, you know, I find myself less than the, I've got friends of mine. I started to listen to you. I don't know. I'll be honest, cause I didn't get changed. They did have, uh, you know, yesterday on the large limbo show. He was clapping about, uh, all the ads that I guess had been sent to AA is, uh, running there about the unfortunate incident and professor's on. And how he saw it that you know, it changed over the Democratic Party, if you haven't had it cold and whatnot. So that was the guy I had to say in the old, we didn't want to be a sucker. Okay, have a great day. And what was really was shameful was the, uh, intensity of your WWE, or WWE, any article on it right by Marley, I've been so excited all out for it. Crystal clear. Oh, here's, uh, Jesse Ventura says, vote your heart and vote your conscience. Whatever that means. And it says, uh, look at you pay, Jack, your page, Jack, your page and the debates and this and that. And I found this to date, it's very boring, which is absolutely correct. And he says, talking about special interest. And because this year's elections are closed more than ever, your vote makes a different starting today. You should engage if you're introducing your candidate. There are no wasted votes he says are on like that. That's ridiculous. That's a bunch of a lonely, Jesse. Because the vote for a fudge, wow, and I'll tell you right now, it's a waste of the vote. You don't fudge, bro. With the doffin. But that's why I forgot what a big dolphin the booster. Tony Taylor. Why are we to kick it ass? Get out of here, Jeff. Thanks for the food. Get out of here. Quit embarrassing your health. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, pound, 5, 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line. Feels like only what 20 to the hours of our set on here. If you just say, and I have a feeling that those things are clear enough. Just a little head cool, but I have a feeling. Because when the going gets tough, how does that go? Here's Pepper Pine, tell him. I know, just, uh, but you know a long line for these voting. Um, I heard the waiters from where and it must be true with on bottom top of the morning. Uh-huh. That, uh, Democrats vote November 7th and Republican vote November 8th. That's what I'm hearing. That's it. Thanks. Oh, he's out there. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Not that there's a bunch of dummies out there, but that's true. All you Democrats move vote number 7 and the Republicans don't have to go till the 8th. I fell Bob and Tom. I'm hearing their shoulders will be starting pretty soon. I'm a station tomorrow. Arbentown. Well, that's what I'm here because definitely so sick and tired of Joe Wolves is temperamental. He's here to get me to blow that chill out. They're not too much. Not too much people are sick and tired of hearing all, you know, you go to the commercial break. And they're always bitching about the long breaks. But this is what happens when you have selfish guys. They, you got three different guys on the show. And each one of them is doing a live spot in the same commercial break. Must be courted spot. By the time you come back, I think you dog just spotted on the carpet about 15 times. Do you want to talk about if you've heard those breaks? Where each one of them are on longing my food. I can't help but I can't talk it either the same time about mung. A little bit. It was just a little bit of panic sausage. But that, that's the deal. If they want to collect all those talent fees, then they got no business. They run around the hallway trying to beat up the, and bitching about the fact they got a long commercial breaks. And use that as an alibi, why they have such a dismal audience. Joe, not you, Joe Rose. He had me fooled there for three years at Joe Rose. I thought he was okay. I'm feeling good. Yeah, good. Feel this. But then it comes to find out from Pat who works his ass off to try to make those guys look a little bit better than they really are, especially guilty in Joe Rose. Find out from him what a real prick Joe is turned out to be and what a heart ass. And then at support, tough comes back to a really relaxing vacation in two West, West, a rubber belly was in the dry toe too good. And while the first thing he walks through that door, here's a big brawl going on the hall between Pat and Joe Rose. Which I think is the, the scrape goes shock you behind go back behind it again or under. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, you. I got a stool story for you about five weeks ago. A stool story. A little one. Okay. About five or six weeks ago, it was coming back from Las Vegas and in front of me, the feet in front of me, he gets who was sitting there. But, uh, okay. Yeah. And the guy who was next to him was talking to him about the politics and I just, we just don't show up, okay. Just get him's own democrat from what I understood from that conversation. Oh, there's. So we'll give him a chair on November 8th. Okay. I'm going to put it forward. It's time to do the main. And, uh, in closing week week week, we want my money. Okay. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. I almost forgot about that dim thing. That's ancient. That's old news. Where the hell is it, Joe? No. Like, really, really, really big. Ha ha ha ha. That's a big, macho jack there at a morning show, huh? I got to watch him on the hallway, go on. Yeah. Nice going, Joe. Now we don't have to come to the little dog. Too much food here. And I just keep eating it, eating it. Eat it. And quit trying to embarrass Santa already. Jeff, you idiot. All is now always nice people that work for him there. He just didn't manipulate them. So to speak. Yanks him around. I like like some kind of a mannequin on display. Not nice. He's a good guy. Didn't know. Four minutes before noon at five. I don't think anybody who works there will save. I really don't. Did I say four before noon at QAM? I think it was about to say that before I was interrupted by the fact, you. Four, three, two, five, six, six. WKM, Miami, Fort Lutterdale of Beesley, broadcast groups. WKM.com, or at a world. Neil. God. This one. Then I keep a note. How a stone or spear. You know. Me. Hi. I'm a brownie. You've been at high-level glorious. And the region is in high-level. The area is the highest of the area. So I have the largest of Canada. I've been forced to know the boys. Come to France to London, France, and the day you've been out to just can't stop them. There we are. You've been so open to car. So the other example just say I've drank my shit. See. Follow me. We. We. We. Free. It's over the yard. Say I've met my seat. Say it's Dipped along my way. We'd see, ambassador on. Let me smoke freshale on, alright. Say sea, seven children on, down. That love washed on the barn. Just like she can choke. Yeah, yeah. Seven children on, down. 2 of the left hop, Planet arbets. That the 89, No. It was curious. So I asked her mouth for some cannabis, she was mostly cold school on the bus. Come up with me, love the heart and the day you're gonna know, just can't stop one day. We even took up for the cup. We're gonna take time to get, they have to have mercy. Seeds, she's no mommy. We need to be in the shipwrethly. Freak, freak. Get a little bit of yarn, say, I'll pay for my feet. Seeds, she's no mommy. We need to be in the form of our own. Let's be in the form of our own. Say, baby, let's go on the ball, mom, mom. Let's go to the ball. Just like you can tell, yeah, yeah. Let's go on the ball, mom, mom. Hey, baby, man. Yeah, yeah, half of our own, yeah. All right. Let's go back to the ball. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. This is a subject that I would give us, mom. We could be talking about, you know what I mean? This is a subject. If you saw, it's on every girl's mind that you're having. The apology my parents did. I was the least, the text in the hands and the hand in the loop. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. I was the best. Confirmed blank. I was a best. This is the year back. Here's the few year ranchers. If it venerates your signal from around the URL and your speak. They say they am given an over 50. I think this is good for the time being. I think it's too hardball to talk to me, and this kind of gets very new. to keep them cry for the time because they're high profile but I don't heard George W. If Bush wins you can bait your last dollar their faces or once you get an immersion they religious influence will be fell. Please bless us out to your listers which I already have many many times. Please put it out and keep up the good work and you're the best. Yes, I am and thank you so much. And that's exactly correct. There's a lot of legal skills came in here. You found that there was a little bit of food hanging around the place. I don't even know what the hell he brought. It's for everybody else. There's a more stuff in there. He brings pizza today. He also brings pizza. No he did not. What do you bring? He brought a man from the false sub and you're food and that's all. Nothing from a girl. You can tell he wasn't that happy. He was in a hurry because he was going over to feed the dolphins and we suck wind. Don't you understand? We're like yesterday's mashed potatoes. He didn't bring tanner with him because of the fact that he brought him in here to put the bib on my thing and set him in my life. He brought him along because they're going to go over and suck ass with the dolphins. That's what that was all about. Yeah. Well, you know, we didn't see us any time. He's sucking up to those horses. I mean those are dolphin players over there. That's what he's doing. Yeah. Not kidding me. You're a bozo Jeff. He's a... Here's Pepper Time. Hello. Yeah sir. Great show. That's a lunchease very good. Yeah. Thank you. A couple of things. One, you were talking about Molly Ivintz. I was on the as a nation website. It's the as a nation.com. I found a great picture. Like an artist's rendition that they did of Torchie W. I don't have a fast machine but I attached it to an email. I set the two already so you can either check it out there or put it to the nation.com. You'll love it in the spring. Okay. And in closing you know, an honor of Hank's award. Can you play the Hank Goldberg song? The Hank Goldberg song. Well, we haven't played that in the Coonsan. I know. Okay. Thank you. I'm the old lady of the... You got it. Hello. I... There's someone who is really bad and nobody's here. And I think it's true. That email's way. I found a joke. Who I'm referring to. It's Hank Goldberg. Hank Goldberg. Okay. So don't fall at any food Here ain't go, sir Ain't go, sir Out, out, out Out, out, out Out, out Out, out Out, out Yeah, the interesting part where we were just talking to in line straight about the fact that when I first came here, Hank was like, He was the type of mental one in the building, and was always in, I couldn't understand. For me, while I was the working, I got to understand when he was always exploding, because of the frustrations, He had a work in that toilet over there on children's street for years, and tolerately incompetent to the music broadcast, so after a while I began to understand why he was always rolling off and exploding, but as time is going on, he's the one that's become mellow, and maybe now maybe that's why he won and Marched down to the world, I don't think it's gonna be doing this, but he's the one that's mellow, and now, because somebody else in here that's like always exploding and going nuts. Like a wee wee, yeah, that's the guy. Fucking Joe Rose, Mr. Hotchot, Mr. Dumb Jock, floating around here like, and a whole story this morning, which I probably shouldn't tell us on here, but I will anyway, because he already likes this crap. Over a stupid penny, he took it. Now, I realize that Joe is important here, but I don't think that the general mangrove even as inept as he is, I don't think that Greg Reed is going to become in here, instead of talking to Roy, the hand and tickets to him way on the air. Yeah, Greg came in here, he gave us those hockey tickets, we gave him away with a big son of Dan, all of his little big pride all of his little big fight about it. Oh, Game Roy and Pertigots right on the glass, they're put in that screen. So I'm going to have a guy like Greg went to Pat, who's a producer of the morning show, and said here, you think they would like to give away a tickets for the heat gain, and sure, why not? Pack goes in and default, since a couple of tickets for the heat gain, they want to figure away on the air, this is a nine o'clock. Now, if what could possibly be to get an argument about that, unless you're looking for an argument, unless you're looking to proud be the underland, who's now what you're looking to do, Joe, big jack with bad knees, and so he goes into a big sned about, how come I'll get knees now in nine o'clock, where we get him at seven o'clock when we needed them? I mean, that's juvenile, very childish. I've got to be honest with you, I'm embarrassed for Joe Rose. Grab the word, yeah, grab this, I'm embarrassed for him, he's losing it. And you know what, you know what, the turning point was for him, it was what I nailed in that day, which I never watched channel six news, but I hit the wrong button on my remote, was going to channel four hit six five and six, and he was doing a sports one night with Tony Silly cigaretteo on there, who was doing a sports day at a sports jacket that was on six sizes too big. And I could take exactly what the night was, too, because they had some young lady producer that he was in a chase and about he went and stuck a mic and her push, yeah, in her face. Maybe that's why he's running for Bush now, if he gets back at you. Because he stuck a mic and her push, because you're not really jealous running for Bush, that's what I can hear. What do you want to like, hey, he's in the night, yeah, about him. Him and Robert Creeper, I hope they'll look together. What a match made in heaven at is two bows, those. Robert Creeper, and you know, sometimes I think Robert hangs out with very jackass. Yeah, I think Barry's mommy drives both in the work every day, that's what I'm hearing about that little creeper, he's a sweeper. So, not even supposed to be here in the morning, talk about it. Is he, did he get paid the work the morning show? Now he does, yes. Oh, so we kind of suck his way in a bit. Exactly. He used to work the overnight. Right, hang out. And hang around. And when Tom is mad, then why the man in the house, when Tom got moved into the production to addition, yeah, he kind of just got sucked into that. Yeah, he just kind of suck his way in there. So maybe that's why he and Joe get along so tight, and he sucked his way into that too. Nine minutes past no, that five, sixty, double the QA in. And the wood. Got a stuck up job that was. A white, placed dress, and the thing, combination, I'm all dressed up for the prom. Hey, two of my hunderling sisters out there, I just got to tell you about my good friend that Jeff's a florist. You know Valentine's Day is almost a year away. So if you're looking for a lovely florist, who came for your lover, my friend, Jeff, and Jeff as a florist, what personally arranged the game to you, is to be okay with flowers you ever saw. Hey, just look at the delightful arrangements Jeff has today. Like the boo-boo bell-camber basket of blooms. The gullby nosegate and my personal favorite, the J. Rose Rose. When you push the button on the face like this, this is what you're here. And if you ask to see Jeff out back, he'll open up his pants to let you in on a secret special. He's saving just for you. So that's you on down to Jeff's floors, or got 1-800 good bread alley. And then maybe one day, watch the patient time on here and tell people our gallery. Actually, got out of the morning show. The fact that he has his nose up, Joe Rose's back, and kind of like warmed his wake. A lot of worms on that show, man. They're all warming their way to the summer. Can I cover this to show? Go ahead. Or you're just moving there. Go ahead. Only if you tell the story about Guilty, though. Sockin Joe's ass. 560, 050, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T, and provide them all the time. It works in the bird. Work wonders for him. Of course, he's like Steve Allen now. Here's a moment in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes sir. There's a couple things. One, it can fuse with me. There's a lot of people in the special people. Work for women. It's been out of multi millionaires. Yeah. That's a can't remember what it was like when our Ronnie and Big Georgie got then. What is popable, yeah? And what's going to happen with Georgie gives them. So if we're not better off today than we were eight years ago, I don't know where they've been living. Yeah, I mean, we're so much better out today than the economy's growing. Things are moving ahead. And the way to get back there was Ronnie and Georgie. I don't know. People don't know what they're well off in. That's the problem. Yeah, I know a bunch of bullcraft. And I like what they've got to say in our hope that all the Republicans don't forget the birth of the family. Amen. And all right, I have a nice day. I'm going to go back to hit 10 hours. Okay. Okay. I'll be behind. I'm sorry. I said your clock back 10 hours in vote November 8th. And we'll be safe. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T line. Thanks a lot, Tanner. A YouTube Jeff for a lovely lunch. Now they're over there feeding the dolphin. Suck it around. Have you been doing with them a speaker or a dolphin? Although they said nothing with them. I have to do with the stadium. I don't know which way you come to work. How in God's name, how in their name, can there not be a stop light? And I've very bored. And there's that tree. Have a name of the one that goes by the stadium. Is it like, oh, more or way or something like that. But when it comes from the turnpike, you come by the stadium. So I've very bored. I have to come to the every morning kind of to work. And I come to the hell with it. No, honey Hill Road is honey Hill Road is 1909 Street, which is also lives their road. Like so many streets in Dave County, this one's got three names. Yeah, get the honey Hill. But anyway, you come to be in with that thing and it's really not, you can't even tell for sure. There's like two left turn lanes, maybe there's three left turn lanes and then there's, and and there are people making a west off honey Hill. What is it? Dan, right now. Govart. Oh, thank you so much. And of course that's something to go with. Dan, but we know Bolevard. Let's hear it from the guy. That. But seriously, that's what that is. You make a left turn in here and you're taking your wife in the end. And the person in front of you this morning, I nearly got wiped out because the, the stupid Robin for the me. She starts to go and then she starts. She's going to go on 16 times. And then she finally goes and then now, of course, I'm between a rock and a heart plate. And thank God, I drive a car that you put your foot on a gas and just take off. And you haul an inch. You give it the gas and you haul an inch. That's why it's great to have a quote by not because you are reckless to either. You want to be like a juvenile and you have 140 miles and I want to go to them highway. But because when you're new to the gas and it's there, baby. You have that feeling under your foot. If you catch my drift. But how can they not be a traffic light? You might be where somebody is going to get killed. They're very soon. Somebody is going to get killed at that corner. Every day when I make that left turn, I think how much effort would it take to put a light there? In addition to which it would help in slowing the traffic down, is it going to ease at that point? Going over to these schools on there. You're idiots. You're more on to the DOT or whoever else is responsible for those kinds of things. God. Oh, here's another OJ report. Hello. Hi, yes sir. Yes sir. I was just, I hope you thought about that. OJ and my son called that quarterback for a private school and full order to all the people who are going to be playing the OJ scene recently. All right. This one goes together to prep. Yeah. King had more bodyguards in houses. Yeah. And was yeah. And then I had never found. And so, whenever I'm done, this is, you know, it's not fun. So that's all. Again, the pancephrain and the 180, the 180 is one of the latest women in the family. And we're going to go to the one in the touchdown. Yeah. And then we win again and juice comes wherever to our team. And there's a man you should, my kid down pretty good. You guys want some pictures. And everybody's kind of walk away. Good. Nice job. Excellent. That's a best news I've heard all of you. Oh, thanks. Thanks a lot, pal. I've got a very cool. A cool, cool. Yeah, we know. Everybody with a brain nose. And with our luck, we have to line up with this murdering scumbag in our mid. Because he's here to with very pain. And many of the goblins in the Browns. It comes to a bum ass state like this. So we can get off the hook. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon whatever's left. We've covered all the bases today from Bob Hopi. Still alive. The Steve Allen. He's still bad. Maybe a little wrong yet. The old J and of course, go and, uh, bush. He's either one of them still alive, hide the cow. And of course, you'll leave them in, not even look warm. 222 votes on our pool is you leave them in an asset or a liability. I'll go a liability, 99. Where's Sunnyhurst? Well, we need a 99. He makes no difference, 79, and an asset only 40 for. Only 44 people out there believe he's an axe that to the ticket. Here's Pomp and O'Parl, come on. Yeah, I'm for real. Yes, sir. Yeah, first of all, we called, taken silk. Uh-huh. Number two. I got a dialing here. I feel like I got a sacred calendar. I must have called 10 times about it. Great. Number three. Uh, the skeleton has a real ball three points. Like you were talking about. Yeah, he's got to be prepared. He's got to be. And how about we send the look of boxing and the gun over to, uh, one three hit and brak in, uh, settle things. Do what? Send work of boxing and done, Corlean over to, uh, one three hit and brak to settle things. Long he hit and braking. The middle week. Okay, have a great day. Long we hit. First time in about your rules again. Five six seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Or brak. Long we hit and brak. You see, you have to eat none see it. You have to win and that kind of spell it out. How we love you, sir. Don't ever forget that. Here's a moment in Miami, hello. I, yeah. Yes, sir. I love with lifting the egg and, uh, usually lifting two of my Bay on and off whenever I get a chance. Uh-huh. Uh, and congratulations to, uh, two of them on the award. Nice. Got to hang. Actually, he's a man baby. He's every day. And, and he's great doing the prox show. He can host the show for four hours. And, and he's done not only in sports, uh, you know, done regular talks. Right. I like it better when he's talking about other stuff. Like power techniques and these people start calling and talking about the odds and who's in the one in the election, I guess today. Well, I will point if it's great to listen to them talk about anything. And the gambling stuff is great too. And a lot of fun, especially when he picks losers and people call in and all that stuff. But he gets, uh, this thing, I don't, I get those on the, some of the colors of film and about it, but, you know, he doesn't listen to the colors, he's probably smart for doing that. But he wasn't working the math, uh, either. He gets him to do something where he thinks he's doing the prox. And I mean, that's just not his thing doing interviews. You know, talking is just saying, I thought the interview he did with that start talking with that. Oh, you understand that there was one of the, it was historical. It wasn't intended to be funny, but Hank kept asking the straight questions that he was doing at the interview. And the kick kept the eye shoot on it. We all ready. As shoot. As shoot. It was a great comedy routine. See that one would be proud if he was alive. The thing is, if you're going to interview a college player and when he carries some James Jackson, I believe this is his third year, I have heard one from him. He's never been interviewed. Well, you're ready. Very few college players get interviewed and you think that he would at least have a producer or it's not himself. Call up the school, maybe talk to one of these kids to do their games on the radio. Yeah, he's a guy that I can interview. You want to keep it on our ticket and can really speak. Just put a sentence together. And I don't know why he doesn't do that. Do you remember his work quality in his team? That's why I was hoping he would have Lamar Thomas on yesterday because he definitely can put a sentence together. Yeah, maybe even, you started out. You were kissing up the Hank, which was great because he just wanted to award. And he, like I said, he's my lord, he's become even Joe Costello who used to hit Hank like poison now is in Shannon with him. He's a great guy. Everybody here gets wrong. And Joe, he's got to be the turbo. And so it's been a good list of six for years. How about a little bit about this inside the building? I gave this to him before he was very surely once upon a time because he, you know, because he had to put up with all of our net fishing competent and it took me a while to understand, but that was the reason for it. Yeah, that comes through on the air. I told the friend the mother's conditioning to for a long time to the day. He sees real melano now. Yeah, you know. Very sudden goes over. He's making a lot of money and he every now and then he'll stop and here and say life is good. And I'm not my head and we like high five and do the whole and that's it. Yeah, that's always going to do is take a note from the gym, man, it's school of black. And again, all that is. Okay, I'll pass it along. Right. Okay, Hank's going to have Rob Conrad. I don't know that was your sense, sir. It's a joke. I'll see you going to understand this. We're scammed at Hank's current. It's great. You got out dining, you got Rob Conrad, you got Lamar Thomas. And then by the time you get finished, you really only do a much an hour a day on your own. And the rest of the time is a piece of cake and it's like falling off a long. And the numbers are still great. Numbers are the paycheck. I'm sure it's still great. So what's not to like? Right? Hey, stupid. Exactly. Here's Holly with. Yep. Yes, sir. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Hello. Well, that was good. Anybody understand what that was? No. I could not understand a freaking word of it. But let me put that in a very lecture time. The real real 20. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Power 5. You can't just envision these people out there. And they have their little tapes. They've got to all queue up and they're sitting there and they're you know, excluding themselves. What are right now? Hold the get online. And then come to the big moment. Hello. Yeah. And then what? What happened back to that? What happened after the hit the dial come? Everybody I'm sure in Quarry minds 1 and 0. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Power 5, 60. On the AP and 2. And realize them are always lying. You have no idea how much sexual looks I'm going to get from calls just like that. Even even more than anal looking. I just can't get better than my mind. That's facts from that. Proverts that see from answer to anal actually. That's facts me on Monday. About these tremendous George. In fact, we got to get seen together with Jeff Cohen. Yeah, about David Lawdon, Cameron. Get your lips as a piece of law after you start intruding that in the spot. 26 past noon at five. At five, 60, WQAM. Where you forged back? And now? I'm having a bachelor party for one of my friends. And we need some sheep. How long do you need them? We'll spend the night with this sheep. The sheep, depending on how many you need, it's usually 300 for the first one. Okay. And probably 150 for each one after that. Okay. And how many did you need for? Well, basically we need a really good looking one for bachelor. And then maybe one extra or two extra. I doubt if they're going to let you have the sheep overnight. Okay. Now do the sheep come all looped up and ready to go? They'll be clean. Okay. So they'll have them be. They'll have a halter on. Okay. But pretty much it's going to have to ensure everybody else keeps their hands off of the sheep. He's not going to want anybody touching them or working with them unless they're They're animal handlers. Okay. Yeah, he's handled sheep before. He trashed me with old Terry's been with a lot of sheep. How about you that much? And we want to send them off of the bang. So we sent, we want to settle Terry out with a real special looking sheep. You know, this one last night of fun. Were you able to pleasure the sheep? He'll be able to pet him. Okay. I mean, they're not going to do much. You know, any kind of sexy stuff. Oh, we're going to. When he built a sheep. No. How pretty if I see, let's see, said, The anti-mett no god damn it. Speaking of that, X-L-A police supervisor The bisexual jokes told a harass male officer. In a twist on sexual harassment law, a male Forman police officer is suing the Delray Beach Police Department Because of alleged comments enforced by a male supervisor. The former officer claims his supervisor harassed him with the right Attorney named like sausage boy and created a hostile work Environmental, sexual jokes and locker room addicts. The officer wane heart and the supervisor Jeff Lankhor have since left the police department. But the lawsuit continues this week with a trial and published County Circuit Court. Hard claims that Lankhor made frequent remarks about Harts, shorts, pants, and genitalia. According to the lawsuit, Lankhor said that Harts pants and shorts were so tight that they showed his private parts. This led the Harts nickname of sausage boy and it can't have been a sausage being placed in Harts mailbox. They were putting being a sausages in his box. Hard also claims that Rankhor called him a hermathroidite and a closet bag. Hard quit the police department in 1997. After he was transferred to the community policing unit to the road patrol on Rankhor's recommendation. Attorney Leonard a car's news representing Delray Beach had the harassment did not occur. Carson said that police officers received only one complaint from heart about his nickname. And then they responded immediately by writing a memo to how the officers not to use the name. Hardfler said the lawsuit is a bit unique and said involved in an accusation of one straight man sexually harassing another straight man. But the fact that the plaintiff is male doesn't make it in any last serious said returning out to his showfield. Sexual harassment is about power showfield said. Intestinality this week, Rankhor did not harassing heart. Rankhor said the officers in the squad joked with each other and gave each other nicknames. Hart nicknames came about because of the stunt kid of his clothing Rankhor testified not because of his genitalia. Rankhor who retired from the department this year admitted that the officers engaged in horse play in the locker room by pretending to grab for each other's clutch. Hart participated in the horse play with the rest of the officers Rankhor said and didn't seem bothered by it. Let me read that last one again. It's a big club you know. Rankhor retired from the department this year admitted the officers engaged in horse play in the locker room by pretending to grab for each other's clutch. I rest my case. Have I already said this locker room addicts all those macho jacks all these macho cops rabbit each other's jacks. 560560560 on the 1860 and Verizon Marlesline. Here's a lady mobile and how he would hello. Yeah, the men. Okay listen. First of all my daughter in Los Angeles elected to the Bush abortion issue. When we found a CNN website, the Republicans went to see a man and said, if you will take it off your website, we will not charge you when you go on to the broadband. They have also passed all the other networks and channels. So that group said, when you pay for it when you go to broadband, the Republican's program, or the media, that's why Bush is getting the free right that they will not charge them when they charge them for the broadband. The other thing is, the other thing is, we've learned about column yesterday. She said, first down correctly. It is one of the best columns I've ever read. And what's going to happen is Bush gets elected. Okay. Bye bye. Thanks. Bye bye. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Carlos, do you know how to reduce favor just giving a block of mail in? Have any conversations in there? No. Come on. Loosen up a little bit. Here's plantation. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, please. I'm worried about columning. You haven't seen it. We're going to find that. We'll get it over here. Okay. The Senate breaks 50, or 5049. If we were to make a sense of the right to say Senator, if Quarza records it, it can be a point of ice-first. No. Chris, no. He can't. No. Okay. So there's no way to leave and say, okay, I can choose to go to the Senate. Absolutely. No. He's gone. Like I do good. No. Well, I mean, he doesn't have to resign, but at that point, at that point, the governor appoints somebody. And it's still up in the air, so that takes place. They dance to the bottom of the game last night. And by the view, by the view, he all about the mob, but at least for two years, they're being Republican, and they're because the governor will be the one appointing. He's Republican. Okay. Not necessarily, given the standards on party and the back, there is no question about that. Another point. I'm in the one percent, and in the left six years, I probably paid an additional quarter million dollars in taxes to the United States. Right. And I know that. Yeah. You said really not the guy who had won a weight spot for us. Right. And, certainly, how what percentage do you think that the economy has given general, you know, many people of some substance, is between five and ten percent more than they want if they had a bad economy? What would it be, I don't know. Well, would you really do my question like that? No. You think because you had a good economy, that your funds, etc, would make five to ten percent more than if they had a bad economy. Oh, at least. Sure. Okay. Well, if that's the case, then you've made your taxes. Yeah. Yeah. So, it's some cases double. Let's speak for yourself. Well, I'm just saying, for instance, I'm getting you, you know, just a general, for the people in the one percent. So, you didn't give your money to make sure, I got it. He's not losing your money like it's coming out of a faucet. The next point, the next point, the one last point, I've read, flood plounds. He's packing one home for clothes. Yeah. Thanks, yeah. Okay. That's that. Five, six, seven. Yeah. Keep losing that much. Every time I should, ZIG I zag and I call him up, but if he's dead, but on he's there's in-in conversations and it doesn't help. And by the way, that great website, you guys have got set up to over there. First union, my church. That's really a knockout. I can't even tell how much money I have anymore. I can't make heads or tails over that thing. But that's okay, because I probably don't want to know. Five, six, seven, over five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T and horizon whatever's lying. Here's a moment where it knows my amy. Hello. Shoot, you're a witty baller. I shoot high, do you? You straight up. Listen, I don't like people that mention, though, if anybody's called you with a... Yeah. We're fed Jim Ikeh, a view of view of view of view, part of Jim Ikeh. Jim Ikeh. Jim Ikeh. Yeah, he's a former shepherd, I think, punk, cow or otter. What about? He's a Democrat. He's a deputy came up with these with a slogan as Bush and calls him the shrub. No, he's the first one. He's got an incredible tape out and he talks in detail about Bush, about what you're talking about, the draft, about how he got in ahead of, like, 10,000 other guys into the natural world. Jim. And I was probably going to, I never made a phone call to get him in there and, you know, for Stoinger claims he never made a phone call. And I thought I would clearly start that, but they didn't have to make a phone call. But 20 connections and, you know, friendly people there to, should we see actual, get the sky ahead. And, you know, I probably told a few guys because of it. Oh, well, I said, well, make sure you don't worry, though, is that this guy disappeared for over a year and he's still lying about it. And there are other people who are willing to testify that he never showed up for one second that. And he's supposed to be honorable. And it's those guys about his honorable as Jesse James. Yeah, yeah. But we're from, I've got this to the paper. So at the Yeah, I'm looking at you. Okay, so you know the top front of the video company Also they're ready about commerce me and I'm about to come down. Okay, all right now look forward I would back see it. Thanks 5.6705.6. He pound 5.6 the on the AT&T and grinds the wireless line start to slow down a little bit here now too bad You're swollen on I'm picking up after that great lunch. Yeah, I'm gonna a little along something like that a little bit of meat Picks you up real good you get that energy because not a banana split or down too Oh, yeah, that's not good. See one thing about one judge was on vacation. I work with your for a week The other's a great job. You're probably that I gained five pounds every time I work with you because it's understood ahead of time At a mile you on your own That's fine, which I noticed that you had no problem. You can handle that just fine But you're on your own for lunch because mommy would get very upset although you know all the times and how good the stuff is that comes in here And I can call her and say I'm sick maybe we can get mommy to break through here. No no Although I'm sure that you would tell a lot of strangers talk to a lot of strangers in the hallway. Why does anybody go to Toronto this time of year for anyway? Look now. He's got a headcoat Strangers Or it's picking a strangers washing the cars out there. Are we gonna ever get anybody to wash the cars out there again? God ganna this place is so shlock I thought we had Then we get a memo that said people were gonna be here on Fridays So starting when next one this is weeks ago. I don't see anybody here on Friday. I was told anything about it I got those beautiful new cars new were which has been washed once yet Because the shrugs that were coming to my house on Sunday morning and with in the offload good for a year They want to run away for December. They're just kind of runaway never showed up again. Thank God So I need to celebrate you my cars Well, we've been running these trades spots with Joseph's personal thoughts. I don't know anything about Joseph or his personal touch I don't I'll find out or his magic blanket or whatever that thing. Yeah, it's a color green right we've done a husband 241 and by the way Donnie you are great guy, but we're so tired. You heard about me Lisa, I coasted you know I'm a tiger Hey, what the as a fairy Oh Do you like to brew a ball Yeah, I feel a little flat sometimes You want to play with good quality ball Yeah, didn't there's only one place for you Yeah, it's going far. There's one of the best balls in town I saw Bill Stals from the highway and I just had to stop him and boy. Well, I sat aside Oh, I was so glad to go I'm on my own I'm on my own And I play for Phil for the right film I forget about the we asked you that you come and keep build ball once once you've seen No ball you'll never look at ball the same way again. Now two great locations growth things and score them all How 45 or five sixty-five to two I'm sorry my hand toes are that the victory liberal is Steve Lawrence's brother and Victor is or was the I think he's been I hate to say that I'm pretty sure I'm this one not positive I think it's like 65 in the morning line But he was together. I played with a press elevator ghost in parks on many of the time and you'll days when I used to go to the third reds Which is a long time ago. So our girl seems sending me a box which I thought for sure Had to be a birthday gift, right? Who's your thanks? Oh, yeah my birthday come up on Sunday at a big rich Bad Jewel I came that was just through yesterday hooking at the screw magazine dot com thing again And I open it up. Oh, we are now. It's not it's a bunch of stupid video tapes One is for midnight blue number this a for George just for George. Why did you send it for George? Okay What this one got my name on it? Algo seeing versus packed you cannon on CNN's crossbar Well, that could be pretty good 1983 Little urbal kind of like you little outdated and then yet another copy of this discussion I want to just submit candle to their two magazine Like I said it's all about L Like George always said it's all about L George will be back next week if we get his head removed they're surgically from L's Back home ass 14 to 25 60 WQM thanks for facting me the morning dog column from yesterday. She's right by the way She says I'm getting excited just thinking about it. I'm bringing up that moment when the show returns All those Texas fat cats landing at regular port rings wing to jail in their legit All those monograms mixed in cowboy boots and even rockets for coats All those similar establishment suit lumbering and declaimed their rifle places in the cabinet table Vic Cheney the Britney Spears for middle aged white men back in the withwing saddle Leading with back at the inaugural a web a golf at 10 a.m. port the horseshoe pit research out Saudi over The English language once more underseed by American president Happing hall away. We could be fixed for the big Washington premiere of book of shadows bush two Last week I watched our roar rolling and sending off their equipment still struggling to lay claim There was one of the demonstrations to mess in economy and I watched WG bristling with confidence having a good speech in Pittsburgh And closing up to John McCain and Colin Powell I had to say very quietly that's what the fact that I might be on my way back to the future Well way on the eve of restoration here that bush one Southmade middle and businessmen young red and sports enthusiasts would a bookish plain spoken wife whose project is wood received Where five of voters when the economy found it and given that the bush name was an asthma in the GOP for years It is surreal that we may be only moments away from bush two Southmade middle and businessmen young red and sport and his youth would a bookish plain spoken wife whose project is wood received Who you never see by the way The world has been transformed into life a years with cyberspace colonized and the internet until infiltrating every corner of life And yet the Republican game that couldn't shoot straight on the economy is ready for its close up Angry white men have become fat happy white men and WG was sunny and finished in a tax tunnel protect the wind falls week in the Clinton go years is their guy Now comes another What is it saying? Oh anti it's not a good copy. Now comes another anti president bush reached sporadically and prefers reports to be delivered Orally it just proved the staying power of the establishment the inside is called simply call themselves outsiders And then say they just stay in Washington and big government and then call it a voter send the inside outsiders right back here to make the government bigger There was a maze longer and the private sector contacts water for future self-made cashing in The campitlers been much dollar since the nasty congressional their public and stated in the background It was so exhilarating when Luke the English and his helmet her henchmen were shutting down the government and limiting school lunches cutting granny's Medicare and pitching the president and mocking Bernie Frank We long-sight of new successes goes by vicious allies of visitors trapped locked, tonder lay in the army when the bush campaign hit them in a rock box That's why they are there in that rock box But now we're on the verge of welcoming these bully boys front and said it again is they be zoomed around their conservative agenda found America's throat The Hillary public intervention been secretly sniggling at their non-news Blorney all that chuckleheaded stuff about compassionate conservatism and bridging the partisan gap Civility is not their preferred special interest and they think it'll be easy to maneuver the tower of W. who schedule could run like Lionel Reagan schedule Look grewling to be even more generous to pharmaceutical companies monopolies like Microsoft big polluters and big business looking to limit lawsuits In Bush tool will get to see more of that shrinking violet current Thomas as one of president's favorite justices and as someone touted by conservatives They potential chief justice in the Bush regime. He'll come into his own perhaps we need to throw up the so-called the thing justice promises remember for perhaps overturning Roe V Wade will And it'll be so reassuring to have trouble has been packing heat trigger treat You're good treat doing slam Drop eyes at these three restaurants and dinner parties once the NRA opens up the office in the bush White House. It's been bragging about I'm blessed with anticipation how about you How do I that you're right great column by the world Marine dog What a hell is it oh Sorry, that's what happens when you got you so much crap on the board Look at that this crap all over the place Thank you so much well, that was from Rick Packard All how they do news class personal front. Thank you rich Here's my any hello Yes, sir, I'm calling you I heard the scenario all of Bush will feel less attitude that vehicle is gonna get out there for you. He's not gonna run again Okay, yeah, I have to react to reweighted number four year sure Okay, that's what I want no okay, it's not gonna happen Don't there's sixty six year sixty two to one again in the morning line and couldn't happen I Look at this here's another one of these letters from it's an inside job. I think it's from me Perry 560 50 50 65 50 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line here's a mobile and Cooper city hello Here's a mobile and top and it would be the blueprint was in it was okay. Okay. Yes, sir Russian last here the car or telephone without talking about The other time the native support should put the screw that I've found that What is this story is anyone proposing since I know you are against Bush? I should say more than four go Oh, if you're improving there's a difference of either Clinton and Bush both People have a good the data sharing of the numbers a question there. Yeah, the point is Clinton is running number one and number two Bush is running on being honest the integrity the character on a list that that's what the selection is all about Clinton's not running this time in case you had noticed that Well, there is a conflict I mean, I'm not going to find a number There's not a complex let me say again Clinton isn't running Gore who enlisted who didn't have to who is the son of a rich senator didn't have to but he enlisted But the Bush a while on the runway to the National right midden serialized here disappear I'm sure understand, but in those issues on their side I'm a subject back on Gore not to beat him down But again, you know whether it's the penalties or whether it's someone actually being articulate on the radio thing Bush is this or that other thing I often feel like yelling into the radio saying there There is no difference between either party Gore is the barb product of a rich established Washington family So it's Bush And absolutely untrue absolutely untrue the fact is that George W. Bush is the he's a henchman Just like the thing I just read by Marine down he's the henchman of the far right wing fat cat And you have Gore he's in the pocket of special interest through but certainly not a bit agree that Bush is there's no comparison And for you to say that is just a tragic pathetic rationalization of the fact that next Tuesday You're gonna throw away your whole on a man who has no chance not only no chance of winning the election But less than no chance of getting five percent nationwide and getting was matching from no chance So you can continue to be looting yourself from now until kingdom come if there is no chance there are not maybe getting five percent This election is between George W. Bush and Albert S. Greer period and all the other is just window dressing by a bunch of pseudo-intellectual group balls Who refuse to be honest without the look at the facts and the fact the fact is very clear one of the two largest names will be the next person period And If you don't believe there's a difference between parents Thomas and a moderate the Superpensal Supreme Court justice then you don't know what you're talking about and all that crap about well Stoleo was voted 98 to nothing including our work. It's not a question of that because Because because the Senate unless they find something really a totally damning They generally do that anyway, but it's a fucking a proper book and by the way Julie women says he would have voted a confirmed Robert for who's another one of his ex-nabers in Connecticut That's got to be their theme song victim on an honest street where you live. That's got to be do liberal and theme song Because everybody they bring up them. Oh, yeah, we used to be neighbors in Connecticut everybody lived on his street Probably used to throw stale monster at his house 560 5060 560 and he would have voted to confirm Robert Burke That's violent anti-rovy wages lunatic and Of course he's good buddy. Go Bennett. I mean this guy is a Democrat like I'm a guy there. I'm waving right wing Christian At how much of a Democrat you human is And he goes in spirit Democratic party in the back without the baton switch deal from a Connecticut Or it's from my Arnold Who looks a lot like Elvis on the phone. I have a birthday car That's how it's hooked me up. I get it's the fat over 560 560 560 560 on the 18T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a mobile and middle. Hello Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I just think that on the bring up my high yesterday the day before that Nobody could find proper thick is though there was very little use that a proper thick is I just like to let you listen There's no on 120 So a 653 and about 8 Avenue is a girl remember not campaign headquarters I picked up my arm my cht Excuse rivers with the fun the eye okay and also some and I think people should think about with George  character We want a president like Boris's house in If George rally office someone that is drinking. Yeah, yeah And using, are we gonna have a perform? Yeah, but it can't dance like else. And I'll put it there right now. What up? I know he's been driving you. I just sky one arm like you. But he can only dance there. And so K-Pown, I'll go and tell him. That's a good day. And after a back to him. Prophet 365 of 60 W to QAN. 4 3, 0 5 6, W to QAF by heavy. Hortwaterdale. A measly broadcast group station. W to QAM.com with a more A. But it's a wounded 2 hours. 2 hours. He's driving us there. And that's why he's alive. He was sending his five. He's driving us there. And he's a good day. So yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He's always going to die right. He's going to die. He's going to die. W over him. And what the faggot is there. You're going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He's going to die. He wants to die. He's going to die. I mean, what's your somebody who's nice? That's seriously, looming along. Welcome, welcome, suck it around, give me a check. And that guy won't be there anyway, that wrong guy. Given a lot of money, and I guess it makes me sound ungrateful, which I'm not proud of. I just don't like people that give me money for charities that they don't believe in, because they want to suck up with me, I hate that. It makes my skin crawl. That anybody could be such a suck up, that they were over the West. And you know, when you got that kind of money, when you were right, we were a public end, and you got that kind of money, I guess it doesn't make that much different. You can afford to, you know, fee you ego with a check. I don't like it, I hate it. First we don't pretty good anyway, for time to earn it, and we'll get $100 million for a comfortable bet. Here's your field, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Love you, shelf. Yes, sir. Hey, I just got a quick question. I'm going to vote for Doll, because I already understand that, you know, but everything they said they've done, and they voted for that. They voted by 5 millions of miles. But anyway, I don't want to play, I just want to ask you a favor if you could clarify what their differences were on their form policies, because I caught a part of it, and I think it was the second debate they had, and it seemed like Bush was just following soup, with everything that Doll had to say. And I didn't really understand it, and I've read a little bit. I still don't really understand it, it's just clear by informing. Well, I don't hang up the responsibility. Okay, have a great day. Thanks, everybody, for those down to us that are Neil, allies that have an effect, because Bush, in fact, his people had a clarify with Neil, they had a sudden memo saying, why do you misunderstand this, he didn't really need to say this, they really bring all the Americans to some of the Nathanator allies, spend for themselves over there, and cross-eval, and over Europe. Basically, he doesn't know anything about foreign policy, and his comment was, well, you know, I'll know, for more cross-evalers, if you show me where it is on a map. You're getting with a lightweight, a man who's got no experience in foreign policy whatsoever, and I could repeat all the stuff about growth, because everybody that yesterday, about the global warming conference that he headed up in Kyoto, Japan, and all the other experiences that he's got in national affairs. Bush is strictly a lightweight, that's a compliment, a lightweight, it would just in the sense of text you seem to like with, forget about anything beyond that. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. No, yes, sir. I'd have rushed to the phone, because you shocked me a little while ago. I don't think that Clinton turned around for a third-champ. He came. A man can only be elected twice for first. Two consecutive turns. No, two times periots. Okay. Well, what's the reason to make it the root point? I know, but the Trump employee, or what could have been going for four years and come back again, it's a popular shirt. You did this when they came to Constitution after FPR, and you've always had two times periots. Yeah. There's no way it's not you ever in any years in between. Once you're serving years throughout the life. Well, it was good enough to go over Cleveland, but that was before FPR. Right. So, I think that the night, worrying about publics, but I say, you can get some... Okay, I'm going to do this, and maybe you can get a new phone, and I'd rather have a public come back. Then when you took the internet, remember that John, but the come back? By player, I think it was. But I'll come back. No one will play here. The guy that's done that awful soap opera that George's wife was watching. I think he's in the remote watches. The half out. It's actually sure so bad it's only on a half hour. All I have is soap operas for years, they're done for an hour. That one's only on for a half hour. Because there's only one character on their ribs. Horrible. I think that he used to be in player though. They'd be come back. Be back. Okay, whatever you say, so I really don't know what I don't care in this. It's just super thing to talk about. It's ridiculous. And it's silly. I guess Glover Cleveland did win. He was the 22nd president and then Benjamin Harrison. I'll beat him in the doctoral college. You know, I said when he was the 26th, and then Glover Cleveland came back and said, what was before the change the law? But what's the difference, the make? What's the point? It sounds like Todd Drec. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AP and T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a more than popular beat, Cholo. I have the, I turn the little late. I won't be a heard of an appetite. The airhead was making or the MPs who was making a speaker today. Instead of saying resonate, he said, He meant that the word he said resonate. He kept saying resonate. I said resonate is what he said. Yeah. Instead of saying resonate. Right. So, I was on your body by often called him. Yeah, we really, really talked about that. At least here is nothing else he's consistently illiterate. And I'm wild-sangling. Where are these areas? Come down. We really still want to vote for Rob Vader. How do I even think about that? That they can possibly even consider voting for this video? Well, beat's not all out of me. I think they did too much acid in the 60s. Have a great day, sir. Yeah, typically bad mushrooms. And you're looking at me when you see that he's all full of himself. And in the big ego trip for him. And he doesn't even have a crap about 90% of what the green party stands for. Because most of it is ridiculous anyway. And so radical, nobody who's not thrown out of their mind would embrace it. But if you want to go ahead and feed an ego trip and depart the problem for the next four and probably eight years, go on ahead. Be our guest. You're the one that's going to have to live with your content and you can find one. Here's a mobile and broken. Hello. Yeah, near-lodge, cannot convey a gore-leavering campaign rally that they use. Would you leave them in there? Big two, we'd recommend speaking himself. Oh, they're terrible. They're like 80% of them are over the age of 81 foot in the graveyard. That's the 20 college kick you managed to show up. Did he mention Bill Benzman about 20 or 30 times at least probably? Oh, only about 20. Okay. He's keeping him on it today. And he can't aim on it if he's gone bottles of water up to the top. Now can we all choose? No, can we all choose? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Which I was always finding eating if we didn't eat their boats. I mean, I like to be loved by those old year-long, baby. At least until about two next Tuesday. Okay. Good right now. That's a good news. How's that post coming speaking as you a Lieberman? Is he an asset or a liability outgrow a lie? About 132, 47.3% He makes no difference. 93, 33.3% of third and an asset only 54, only 19 and third percent. The division asks Ed. Most think he's an asshole and they're right. Thank goodness most people do not vote. The overwhelming majority of people, except for the old Jews he's talking about. They're vote because of the vice presidential candidate. And I don't want to start ruminating about the possibility of him ever becoming president, something happening to go in him becoming president. Because that would be a real negative for me to be talking about our law. I'll think about it myself quietly. I won't discuss my feelings our loud. Or is those records say our loud? Our loud. What ever happened to those black and our loud? Oh, no, those are the days. What's the, those are the real salad days, as they say? What am I? Damn it's stuck. Here's a mobile-in-foot-moderate. Hello? Hello, Neil? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I've been building council five years, not so many years. If you made chance. Okay. What did you add, just? Hang on and Joel will give you all the info. Okay, he's find out what he's doing. What do you look at me like that for? No reason. Because we don't know who he is. That's right. And he's not coming in and pops up my cards. Scratch it all up and stuff like that. Or he's gone anyone. He just got hung up on. Find me. What do you like? You have a valid point. We have to know who the other these people are. We're not going to just give somebody a chance off the street. Well, those core effects are good. Yeah, and I'm trying to figure who was the, oh, yeah. The reason I wasn't having it done here anymore was the previous guys that we're doing it here. Those guys. I mean, those guys. They were screwing up the wheels on there. And now I got the new fancy wheels on there. I don't want those guys to come with my card. I'll tell you that. I don't want those guys to come with my card. I'll tell you that right now. I mean, this is rocket science. Is effective. I'll define somebody who does a good job of doing your car. How was business? That's a good quality degree from Yale. But if you want to do it right, it takes a little bit of time. Right. And if you take time, we don't make money. Or if they're coming in here, though, they can watch the crazy guy. Always big shots in here. You got Maddie Bell and John Jers. Greg Reed. Wafflingsy. That we can do. Hank. Phillips. Oh. Eight minutes after you wanted five, 60. So you see, I don't. There's some people over there just they don't register in my mind. I just, uh, I'll decide out of mind. Screw in. And then of course there was always. Roy. Yeah, that's the new one. You're 2,000. I'm kind of a player. I'm kind of a player. I'm kind of a player. I'm kind of a player. There's 2,000. I'm kind of a player. Just go to respect me to your New York or to EM.com on the net. Well, that's the new 2,000 with Ray Hitts Life. Tell me the first thing that pops into your mind. What do you think this is? Almost any? Let's go. Okay, any one? Infectivation. How about this? Probably downtime riding the balloon. Pornus. I'm not sure. That's the Neil Rogers 2000. From Sports Radio 5. 6th of June. 20. Floridian. Done our third. Did I? On entertainment. Did I? Coming to Bush. Why did you outlaw the bunch of steel workout video in Texas? I want you to have an answer to keep your pass on from one generation to the net. What? I want you to have your own answer, but you can call your own net. Did I? I've entertained when tonight. Picture as it makes it real big and here I'll tell you that. One, thirteen, five, sixty, two, one. Here's a hockey pack. Oh! See, and never dawned on me. And I was in the second. But both are the one who'll course to be playing against his X-Tam device. Who do you think the hour is to be starting in the net? I'll give you a clue. Number 34. You need another clue. John. Then, be easy. Be easy. There could be a double on Gullina, and then we're pluriting. So, well, I mean, that is net set up a little bit of rivalry there. I'll go to the water. Huh? Nobody care. And of course, you got more perish and all like Kavashira, all like his senior who are playing pretty good for them. Again, us, would our, what's it, uh, all the yoken and we're going to the long go? Huh? Well, the facts is here's some hockey interest. The islanders will kick the Schmidt out of the bunch. Let's put these the soda panties. The islanders are on a three-day morning streak and I'll make the play off this year. Here's this year. Oh, yeah, I like him. And he can play good too. Solid girl pennie. And I want to mention that these are in my club. They just mentioned these years, man. I guess they're in theirs. Kenny Yonsen, X-Lief, and making the islanders up in commerce. The panthers are pathetic and who the thought the big trade was made for the islanders will be Terry Murphy who effed up the panthers, or getting the Schmidt in the hockey stick. Mori Boyz, our proven losers, it says here and of course we all know that. We've got a good point. So there you go. I know, I don't know. Panthers have definitely picked it up last three or four games and last three games. Tuesday game out of a game, then they're usually getting there. That would say blue, but at least they play with a little more intensity. They can just keep the base march around with a penalty box. You see the problem is they're complaining about the bad cause with you. They're just a couple of bad cause, but in sports, your reputation precedes you. And based on all the cross-checking and the rabbit punches in the back of the guys head. And the crap that this guy was doing last year, all year long will well. Now that's the reputation he's got. So if he comes new, anybody in the guy takes a dive, he's really a call. You create your own reputation and then you have to pay the price for it. Every home game last year, every time you watch him, especially behind the price, he's given guys rabbit punches in the back of the head. He's cross-checking guys, he's tripping in hot new guys. And usually getting a label of it. Well, guess what? This year they get a label of the gold. No. So you can cry all you want to about bad cause, but you've got to go on to them play the game. You've got to go up there and overcome all of these things. Here's what my, as hell. Yeah, yes sir. We're going crazy over here. Yeah. Talk about bad cause. I'm putting you back on at one o'clock after the dot gotter. Yeah. We got this lady in the guy on now. They're docked, they're talking about direction problems. And a call is just called that while you were on hours on hold. And he was talking about, you know, he was going to get near or whatever. And they said that you're really not a solution to the problems that we have. You're just basically a common pair with some folk has him. And once we get to know them, we're going to write them. I just say, well, no, no, no. What are you talking about? They're on for a one o'clock. I'm now the food hour. The one to two is now some factor. Well, dying the girl talking about our sexual problems. You have to be kidding me. I wouldn't care to about that. We're running. So, are there, is there doing everything they can to get a soft oil and you know why? Or probably especially maybe it's only a one week thing. Might be for the auction. They want to give me off the air. Ah, yeah. And she's saying it's going to be the less close against the east. I think there's, you know, syndicated or whatever. Somewhere, but she is nasty. And I can't believe what they're doing to us. Nice going. Okay, we'll get a lot of shit and hang in there. Sorry, no. I'm not, I'm doing my best. Oh, my God. Do the best I can and what could be say you do over there, you know, let the loser so. What's that stock to one, huh? Ah, a little more than please. Oh, eight and one thirty seconds. Woo! It's probably just a hair about eight and one thirty second. One teeny tiny, like Maria Bada Romo says. And I'm going to say it again. CNBC is no different from most houts that they have on Sunday morning with the football, with the 800 numbers. Going to give you the over is the under is the, our 18 million winners. All of a sudden, no different. That's all I have about the touts on CNBC. All these fakeers that bring on there. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi. Hi. Hello. Yes. Hi. I have a favorite problem. I run through in six seconds. What do you want to become a diamond colleges? Yeah. 560, 5060, pound five 60 on the 18T and provide some more of the slide. Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello. Mobile in Naples. Okay. Nice talk to you too. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil McCombberg. I didn't really see your shows you often, but the more I've listened to it, the more I'm changing and to come to me. And I was on one of the other radio stations.com today. And I was so pretty good about 5, our worst chances. Yeah. That's what I was listening to some of your shows and some of the cars that agreed with you. On one of the polls, I guess, more than they had listed a program that was on the H.V.T. And they had a whole bunch of those. They had a Nickelodeon one. And you got to remember that all of us were done on the internet. So are you really at me? Yeah. I guess over the last 10 years, I predicted the presidency. Yeah. Ten times. Well, that in 20 cents a buy about a half a cup of coffee. This means anything. Well, I saw a one-board for four. So, but I thought I wanted that. But then they did for five. And I could feel one of the better, the latest MSNBC tracking poll shows go to a 12-point to add and flow to. I thought, like I feel better. I thought, push is at four to four to the slate coming out. Say if I was trying that, what happened to the good old man? Well, I didn't call. Yeah. Okay, sure. Okay. Doesn't go so well up in color, so when the side over. Okay. Woo! Man. Talk about hitting a brick wall, baby. 16,000 open lines. We got four to match the row here. They're lucky to only six days away. And the guy that covered early in the show was talking about the colors. God, are you right on target, sir? God bless you. Man. More and more in colorhead. These are the ones they're going to go. I'll pull that lever like they got in a paper suit. I'm going to go probably there. I haven't been pulling the lever for how many years now. Since somebody dropped the lever by the soap. The letters to the editor in a son suddenly are particularly and predictably hostile most of them after their endorsement about growth. Those paper bias says, Georgian Smytha Homstead. I was about to cancel another newspaper in favor of the son, send will she says. First of all, I don't think they delivered the son, send will homstead. Maybe they do but I doubt it. Too bad you made the liberal mistake of endorsing growth for president. For you to endorse an immoral arrogant man is for judgment, yarya. Yet the everywhere fair on bias newspaper in South Florida, the two dominant newspapers would certainly fail. So Georgian Smytha Homstead. She was just about to reject on EA just like my little buddy, the mailman Rick was just about to turn the station there. Years and years ago, over there at the post office, they had their fingers on the knob. Right there on the knob, right there on the knob, he'll roll. They were just about to turn and did they turn it off. Now I see him every day, good old Rick. He still listens. Jerry Farquar of Lighthouse Point says, you do not publish a news organ. You are a promotion element for the liberal left. How do you like that? A new service would publish who what where and when and spell the names right. Then allow an enlightenment to lecture it to decide. To endorse our gross immense conclusion that you're heavily biased. You're a guy. Of course, I guess all the newspapers that enjoy endorsed your judge's doubly. They must be your right hand in the middle. And I correct that I hear a right hand. endorsement of jokes is Joe Dom Growsky of Baby. What if he's related to Joe? He thinks, oh, we're not being burst. Find out that they've been bursting the GM of the Marlins with some kind of a right wing. Who fall? I would be putting him burst in wouldn't it? It says you endorsement about Growsky joke. Now there's much of a joke is a Marlins but a joke. You would have endorsed anyone on a Democratic ticket. The market would have been exactly what was qualified people around him. Obviously you don't need to do this, poor. The people around him like tram block and Jerry Falwell and Pat Robinson and Jerry Bowler and Papa Bowler. Here's Holly with hello. Hey, new item. Pretty good sir. Did you see all this stuff yesterday on Nader? Was it a Nader day or what? Yesterday was officially, maybe, it's on my calendar. Yeah, I mean, at Arab American Day and it's Ralph Mayard Day. Yeah, if I didn't know better, I would think the media is trying to pop Nader up just to start to take votes away from Gorsh. Not working because he's dropping like a lot. He's got a turn 2% Well, thank God for that. Nor these people who are going to vote Nader. I just don't, you know, I like Ralph Nader. I think he's done a good job for the country as an advocate. Yeah, I don't like the name or that because it's obvious that the ego is getting in a way of his brain. Exactly. And I think the, the green party is going to suffer from this. If he turns around and takes away from Gorsh and this election in Bush gets in and we have to suffer for the next four years with Bush. I think the green party is going to suffer. And I think that those people in the Nader party or the green party, for saying, Oh, there's no difference and I heard Nader will say last night that Bush is the same as Gorsh. And if you get George W. You're going to get George Senior again, it's going to be the same day. It's not the same day. This guy is a bigger dumb ass than anybody that's been there since General Ford. At least his father was an XCA guy and knew what the hell he was doing this song to great even though he was a money. I don't think it about the trial and error commission and the billabilders and he will be nodding. Oh, yeah. Absolutely. But I'm just saying that that George W. doesn't have any idea what he's doing and it's going to be more disastrous than his dad. What it comes up with is how is it possible? Here we are at six days before the election. And I keep asking myself, as recently as yesterday, this man was making illiterate statements in the speech that he was making on the campaign. The man is clearly illiterate. The said that he's not up to the job is the understatement of the history of mankind. And yet we've got a neck and neck waist. And you've got millions of people out there who like dumb. I thought, I thought, I've made it on this thing. You're right. You've got great promotion. And the people in the Nader camp should go out here and start checking out some of the information part by Paul B. Gallas book and so forth. And I'm going to tell you where the group people shot themselves in the field when they decided to do this strategy of going real easy and not being their tax dogs and I really going after them. That's what they really grew a big time. You're probably right, man. Okay. Thanks a lot. Both two times. Bye bye. Okay, bye bye. That's what Tony Orlando said. Both three times over that song. Both three times. Huh? Why do I despise Tony Orlando? You're here to be came up board again crazy person. Yeah. That'd be a good question. Who's crazy? Him or catch the event. Moon, moon, moon. Till they should learn from John Renewary. Too many bad drugs. Too many mysterious drugs. And that too many Mahahirishi's new on our crap. You know, start to affect in what used to be a brain. God, even Tim Lawler could have even been a sluric of it totally. Twenty-six after one at five sixty W2AM. What's up with us, God damn drug people, okay? And maybe that's why Steve Alley died because he put Lenny Bruce on here. Napster and company reached theures to pay a fee. Did you see this? Yeah. It was just inevitable and how to happen. Because in order for Napster to continue doing their thing, some of them was going to have to get paid royalties. So are you punks out there? Are you kidding? I think they used to be still keep downloading for free. Yes or what? Okay. Wrong. Just a matter of time. People make news that they want to get paid royalties for it. People make movies. They want to get paid royalties for it. Yes? There are dozens of other things like Napster. Is that mention anything that all those other ones will be shut down or no? No. But the business that's a pretty interesting person though, don't you think? Yes. Yeah. And those other thieves, they're all going to wind up and jail together. In fact, if they get caught in Texas, they're all going to get to needle together. That's right. Especially if they're royirs, they choose to go trial. 206. After one and five, 60 WCF, this is some stands for nothing. The problem is you're not talking to you, sir. You barely say two words to them and you call me. One whole hour of the hottest talk on radio. The doctor is an masturbation. Okay. I masturbated, we're calling back in a couple of weeks. Doctor, do you have this girl? No, you're on the air or doctor, this girl? No, no, no. Doctor, this girl? Yes, yes. I know what a pain. I'm bleeding. Sure. I'm bleeding. Sure. I'm not saying, I'm a doctor. Are you familiar with Doctor Bean? Yes. She should be calling Doctor Bean. Sure. We could help you out with that. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I hope to do that. Listen, very well and help. Master Bean. Okay. All right. Doctor, let's go. Weekdays of noon. Yeah. I think that's a show that got unpromised now between one and two. Oh, yeah. The racket while you work, show. Some like that. If there's a thing that's put that on there, we can be for the president's election. I cry of foul is what I'm crying. That's right. That's what it is to God they're right when taught by the God they're in business. I hope their stockers got a five. Just to teach that election or two of those right when goofballs are over there. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, doing that. Okay. I'll check this out. I just thought I could be a call. I was done in Hollywood here with my wife. I was going to be a medical center which is just full of old people waiting for fire. Oh, yeah. And, yeah. Let me ask you, Bob, hope they're about any chance. I didn't see Bob hope here. Okay. Showed him how you croaked at this hospital. Right. I know that. Here we can ask about him next. I did see him. So I'm getting a cup of coffee with my daughter away from her wife to get to see my husband. I hate his old man, what it came, spewing to his daughter. Now, of course, for a big of government, I've forced to refuse the government. I've said, no, it's just spewing the right wing for half a year. Yeah. So I've been hearing for people. I'm just trying to take it easy. And I'm saying, it's just all not alive. He said, he said, he said, he said, something like alcohol. I think we were a wife, I was just saying, so I turned on my glasses. You know what? That's not true. And the women is thought of looking at me and they go, what do you mean? If I go, listen, you need to go to get the facts. You can do them independent safe. It shows you both platforms. So if I'm supposed to use real families, what is the same? What is the same? It's so common. So I found this in pushing for what I think it is. Are you a delicate argue? I don't know. And actually it was very, very spoken. I just get a real gethic. It was what you want for a nice watch. I go, Clint. You'll see. See, see this one. That's not true. I go, listen, I look at what it says. They're absolutely sick of these thick and thin people. I go, look Clint, there's a great creditor. And you'll go and have a quick notebook and a great creditor. What you've had about it is screwing around the white house. You know, I go to the different city that I don't see. And how do I think it is? I think it was stubborn by it and we could buy it. I know, dismiss it with me. If I look at it, I go, listen, I'm sorry. I confused you with the fact. I smiled and I walked away. It was just nauseated. He's probably dead by now anyway. I love you. You are the joy of your head man. See you Tuesday. Right. Okay. See you all next Tuesday, boy. Early and often. Over and over and over again. Just going to keep going. Like I was going to be following your archives. I was the part of it. Like I was going to be following your in the bank. Just keep coming in and going off the back door. Come in the front door. Keep voting over until they find a catch on. And then it's too late. But I never got like 25 million posts in there. Here's a mother in Boka. Hello. We're going to have an update for you. Yes, sir. I'm in Boka town leaving Florida's Lactic University. I believe our leave emits over here. I've given a speech. Yeah. Why are we going on? Yeah, Julie Bermos. Yeah. Yeah. I'm leaving all the supporters for going leaving our inside. And I'll try to buy you the green exit. I've got a bunch of bush, honey. I've got a bunch of nuts out there. And they're blocking my car. I can even leave. I wish I had one of those nuts for what it's worth. So I could have took it ever on them. And I do the man and I just want to know where they're going even though he can. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, brother. It's amazing. How many times this kid can you know, can manage to do it every day without being a heavy business parallel? 56050, pound 560 on the AP and T and Verizon wireless line. Out of time, we might as well forget that out of timeline. Out of just eye-secning. They're just, I mean, what kind of programming is that? 1 from 10 to 11 or whatever we've come to known, then they got the stock show at noon. And then a lot of clock that gets some maple you should have created the square show. Or only on Wednesday, that's even better programming. Will you tell one over there at four miles, whoever the PD over there is? Man. Why don't I have to stop reading some of those D-Grey and jail stories on the air again to get them straightened out? Yeah. Which one is it this week? There's a lady in Del Rey, hello. Lady in Del Rey. She's gone? What a bitch. Here's Miami, hello. Real. Yes, sir. You know, the native people were really serious about their thing. They would start their party in the off-year election. Right. Start a real card hat on the run for president. Absolutely correct. It's totally totally focused. I mean, he made it even himself admitted that we're going to have a handful of green party candidates on the ballot anywhere in the country. Just a very small handful, which I'm sure is what he's got. And that's it. And also George Bush gets elected. It's going to be another shadow presidency. Just like Ronald Reagan. Yeah. You can have people like William K.C. running the CIA. You can have the whole government. William K.C. Right. You bring him back from the set. Just like that. I think Vince Roth is going back to. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Whatever you said. Now William K.C. we know he's not coming back. He's real dead. In fact, he died. I want to say, we got like that. An instant two morning said and died. Kind of like Jack Ruby. Yeah. Kind of like Dr. Togalin, who just died. They had that mysterious act in and died. Just because he's been interviewed Jack Ruby. And then Jack Ruby went to Bedfield and find one. I'd woke up with a bad two more died like it about two Asian cancer. Always mysterious thing. Yeah. I know. That happened. Here's Miami. Hello. Here. Yes, sir. Hey. Okay. You know the one thing that seems to be caught since that I've when I speak to people. The sports workshop. I over here are the people of conversation. And you have to come blind. You're going to go for a show. Always stay over. Well, I'll go or you know, exaggerate you live. Yeah. You can't address them. But since when, I mean, where does this idea come from? George W. is representative, but honesty and integrity. And we're the back. Well, I think part of that is because the media is where to offer hook on almost everything you say from his military service. He's a little bit scared for a year. Turn it to the thing you said about the patient's rights film, Texas, which is a flagrant lie. And all is below me about he works together non-partisan. He's going to veto that bill. And then the legislature passed it over his veto. And he went to cool in the law without signing it. The same thing about the heat crimes bill. He lied about that during the first debate. So when W lies, the media talks the other way because the expectation is he's done in stupid buzzability talking about. But if it's worth exaggerate about something or start fantasizing and exaggerating a little about something that may have actually happened. Then right away they have to make a big deal out of it to turn them into a wire. First of all, it's a big buzz. Yes. I don't understand the debit standards, but it's a little bit exaggerated. You say, you found that? He's still dead, yeah. He's still wounded that happens. Yes, you didn't hear that? Oh, he was an after all that centering you was trying to do. I get that this time from God. There you go. I think God was trying to get a little pissed off. And remember, Rick Persons, you did it can 2000. Okay. There you go. Slow, get everybody to get a relate to it. I think that's called before, I think was in the process. At least part of that. 560, 750, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 60, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I feel like incomplete here, if you like to work missing something. Like dessert. Oh, I that's what it was. I was going to tell you about the upcoming happiness books. I think George was working back then and they have preceded him. I don't think so. There's a drugstore down at the corner of red, red, road and bird road in Miami. South Miami. It's a very famous, I can't think of an annual because this is from ages. I may not even be there anymore. And it's a drugstore that's got the old time sort of fountain there where they make like, you know, real soldiers and stuff like that, everybody in a split. And so was the same kind of thing. And I challenged them to come in and make it on here and they did. They came in, they brought all the ingredients. They brought the tubs of ice cream in the bananas, the cheery. And made a banana split right there on the year. Oh, God. It does sounds great, but it's not going to be happening again, Joe. Right? No, we're not going to be happening again. Why not? I'm not. Because I'm a diabetic old fart, that's why. And I don't need to be getting my blood sugar up to 600 here in a little of a show. Then you took a clock to fall. It's a foul. Anyway, it's a foul. See what? I've got blood sugar. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Just remember you heard it from Dr. Joe. Joe Mama, it's all a foul. See anyway. As they amputate my leg from the knee down, all knee levels just the fantasy anyway. That must have been from the fart you had and I'm stood on. It wasn't that diabetes. It wasn't your blood sugar, it went up to 650 from those banana splits. Boy, you are a husband man. You are unbelievable. I know they're painting you like two bucks an hour, but get serious. You've criminalized part in this. Oh, from Washington, the McCluckland route, featuring Elinor Clip, Jack Jamad, and sitting in for a patty kiss and do your giant cheeky barber. Oh, here's John McCluckland. He's two long, George Dobby up, rings of vaults. Oh, no, Clip. Well, Jeremy, I want to say. Oh, Jack Jamad. Well, that's not an easy choice. Oh, cheeky barber. I'm gonna have to say the book. Oh, I'm an actual answer. Law exercise. That's why the nation is joined. Next issue. Algo. Favorite Broadway show. Bring in the noise, bring in the phone, call, cabs. Oh, Lord, I think you're blowing off. Wow, George, I want to say. Oh, John, Jack Jamad. Well, that's a very difficult choice. Oh, I'm cheeky barber. I'm gonna have to say, right? Not a choice, cheeky cheeky barber. You gave it to the left, and I wasn't a choice. Well, correctly, Tom. Can't. He loves them. Next issue. The cast of big brother should be murdered. Oh, no. You're with this. Wrong, Jack Jamad. Dynamite. Wrong, cheeky barber. I don't think they should be cheap. Well, an actual answer. Boys and pudding. Oh, I'm on. I'm on. I'm on. 145-5-60WK. Here's a great article by Michael J.Fuck. In the New York Times, a crucial election for medical research. As a Parkinson's disease patient and a new American citizen, I look forward to election day as something momentous. It's not just the first presidential race in which I can vote. I was born in Canada. The outcome is likely to have a dramatic bearing on my prognosis. And that of millions of Americans, whose lives have been touched by Parkinson's. And what is it? Am I a tropical, slurrosis, spinal cord injury? Huntington's disease? Alzheimer's disease? Another devastating illnesses. And that's because one question that maybe decided on today is what a stem cell research, which holds the best type of a cure for such diseases, will be prevented to go forward. Campaign AIDS to George W. Abosha was not part of the address to the issue, stated on several occasions that abortion administration would overturn current NIH, National Institute of Health Guidelines, and ban federal funding for stem cell research. Why? Because the research, which uses human embryos, described it from pro-operatolvic clinics, has become a mixed in the politics of abortion. With the brush, papers of ban on stem cell research, one AIDS said because of his pro-life use. Yet stem cell research has nothing to do with abortion. It's not the same as fetal tissue research, the federal funding which was banned by President Reagan and Bush, but since it's been authorized by Congress. stem cell work uses undifferentiated cells extracted from embryos just a few days old, embryos produced during in vitro fertilization, a process that creates many more fertilized eggs than our implanted new rooms of women trying to become pregnant. Currently more than 100,000 embryos are frozen in storage, most of these microscopic cum cells are destined to be destroyed and again, a potential for life. The potential for saving lives, however, may be unlimited. Given the proper signal or environment stem cells, transplanted in the human tissue can be induced into developing the brain, heart, skin, bone marrow cells, indeed any specialized cells. The scientific research community believes that the transplanted stem cells may be of a regenerated data that human tissue reversing the progress of disease. According to Qura, a coalition of 28 groups represented patients with cancer, Parkinson's, paralysis and other maladies, no research in recent history is offered as much hope for cures. Support for stem cell research doesn't just come from postures, telecrats like Al-Gur, but also from a public end to have included in the word the former senator about dual, that supporting such research is the pro-life physician to take. The list includes Republican senators like Stronford, Minnesota, and John McCain about Arizona, Connie Macchoflor, and teeth and energy of the Mexico. Even Senator Gordon Smith of Oregon, who the National Rights of the United States voted the white-by-annabortion every time last year, supports the research. His family has experienced what the ravages of Parkinson's disease and he has concluded part of my pro-life ethic is to make life better for the living. This is the real compassionate conservatism. One hopes that between now and next two days, Mr. Bush will explain to those of us with the billiating diseases, and lead to all of us why it is more pro-life to throw away stem cells than to put them to work saving lives. This is Michael J. Fox, who is Canadian boy and out here in American who is going to vote next Tuesday and I am here in the MTSK going to be voting for Bush. Here is a lady in Del Ray Beach, hello. Yeah, hi, man. How are you today? I'm good. I listen to you. I don't know what to say here. I'm on here, right? I'm like you, yeah. Yeah, sounds like me. I have a very great, I just listen to that line stuff. There are bare-abobbs and Mr. Fox, etc. I got a very unusual medical situation where I have quote-unquote here, broken my neck. I have TMJ. Do you know what that is? Yes. I have a sister here, John Ann Cohen speaking to you. Yes. It's her to hold the phone to my head. I have a red wig, red interest in article about you. I'm Mr. T. K. and the newspaper the other day. And all of your quick work to the two and have done for the very personal recommendations. However, I have a very bizarre situation here where I have been consistently denied medical attention. And it has been thought to have psychiatric problems. I have a very serious problem with the public. I have a very serious problem with the public. I have a very serious problem with the public. I have a very serious problem with the public. I have a very serious problem with the public. I have a very serious problem with the public. I have a very serious problem with the public. I have a very serious problem with the public. I have a very serious problem with the public. I have a very serious problem with the public. I have a very serious problem with the public. I have a very serious problem with the public. I have a very serious problem with the public. I have a very serious problem with the public. I have a very serious problem with the public. I have a very serious problem with the public. Not to mention, of course, the fact that they kept sniffling all the time of those bad nasal patterns that seem to be worn away. I think it's like the worst is hidden here. There's no strange in when you're talking about the gay rights. And sometimes you're saying that he would call away them. Yeah. That's what he's at, radio. Which is an absolute lie because the article I read this morning from our audience pointed up at the reason that he refused and the Republican's written in Texas Reviews. The past that hate crimes bill was because the included rights for gay is not being which you're the only way to be opposed to. I think the worst part is that when you're watching something like that like a debate, you can't have your choice already, that you watch something like bush. And it's like you see how sometimes certain things that he says are so human-like, like people can be like, I like that kind of like, but then he puts all these other real things in that are people to start getting. You know, they think, he doesn't respond any questions. He doesn't talk substance. He talks about his generalities about Washington inside or his in about helping, you know, doing things in a bipartisan way. So he just uses the same hat, there's a good in general. These are all the pre-written form. He hasn't got an idea in his mind. I think the best out of all the debates was when the black guy, the old man, said something about he seems really excited about doing people. That was the best. Well, they don't have the only power. The problem was that when go ahead and opportunity responded that he failed to point out, because he so terrified that people might take use against capital punishment, which is not politically correct. But if you have to point out all the people in Texas, whose defense attorneys were sleeping during their trials, and then mentally retided people were executed in Texas under governor vote, that's what he should have done. That's what that's one believe in the good boys life and that's the try to win this. I agree. I think, I mean, do you really think I would leave a man? What do you think would happen if he had kind of like a social kind of person for war? Do you think it's going to be like a cold landslide right now, women? Believe me. He can keep tilby. He's got a real social guy. Believe me. That's really good. That's the best I can say for him. Nobody would have thought that he was part. I don't think that Jewish by me obviously it's got some quiet impact that you're not going to ever know about. But the fact is he's awful. He's a terrible candidate. Yeah. You know what I'm going to do is guys. That was great. That was beautiful. After all that, to go through that whole thing, our program is your leader in an asset reliability, our liability 157. He makes no difference. 155. How do you like that? Access 65. Asshole all the rest. What the really saying is, even after just like you, honey, that was really brilliant. It really must be a great job of educating the FA and you. 157. At 5.60. WCQA.