The W2AM by M4 Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers. It talks in the field called 567-056B toll free for data grab. Oh no! 567-yourself-all. The opinions of Neil is guest-polar's or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM. These three red acquisitions for the FEC Broad Nest Group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 56B QAF. I'm a sports fan. I love sports. These sports three sports sleep on sports. And I listen to sports radio all the time, but I think it's easy to decide to take on on what's going on with the team's stuff. And now we got the Super Bowl coming up. I'm really getting hyped up with all this media stuff to do it. And I like to fly along because I like to be with what's happening. And we're going to do like to go to my friend's house. We had a 60 inch screen and we're going to drink like free and then we did, you know. And I'm going to take off my shirt. There are the game like you see people do it there and get super ball. And I'm going to make farms go like this and go, and then I'm going to do that. You know, you know, you hear, woo! You know, that, that, that, that, that meaning in the sales. Woo! And you know, sports is really all about my life. Because I love talking about sports, talking about sports and my buddies and stuff. You know, because, you know, some of them they got wives and girlfriends. And I haven't had a chance to have one of them. Oh, sure, when I was my buddies, I talked about getting laid. Oh, sure, sure, sure, sure, sure. I've had one of those. I've had that late, but the main reason for it is for sports is what I know. That's right. I've talked about sports all the time. And then I go home. Because I've got really my efficiencies in the hot plate. And I didn't get them dead and dropped cracker crumbs in my underwear. And that's all my life pretty much consistent. So I've had a sport. It was a fun time to have me. I've loved a lot of people. So scattered by life. But pathetic. But sad. I am no clue. Okay, 10 out of 2 at 5. 6, you're welcome. Happy Wednesday, too. Oh, yeah. Good news tonight, boys. We're all across the world. We told you this a long time ago. I'm still waiting for those of free trips. I've been to call my friend Dick out there in Vegas. His name is in the article by the way. What's his name? Should do something like that? Dickish, Mitsu. Anyway, here in the business section in the Heraldis morning, here's a big picture of a beautiful 757 airline reborn with National Airlines on a side. Second win for National startup finds a solid niche niche. National Airlines in New Carry with an australia name, particularly for South Florida lunches. It's first flights for Las Vegas to Miami on Thursday, tomorrow. Oh, yeah. The airline will offer twice daily nonstop service aboard Boeing 757s with advanced purchase for his beginning at only $238 round trip. And I think it's like didn't they say only $599 in first class? Something something like that. Uh-huh. Miami would be the seventh destination for National, which started flying May 27 the last year. And already carries passengers between its biggest up and Los Angeles, Chicago, New York, San Francisco, Dallas, Fort Worth and Philadelphia. And starting tomorrow, not for a lot of day, but the nonstop Miami twice a day. Maybe somebody out there in the audience actually knows what times those flights are going to be like two and a throw back and forth. So I can take advantage of that free trip because to be honest with it, I didn't leave enough cash in the Vegas. Longest at last weekend. Yeah, I could have left another couple of grand would have been okay. I would have felt all right. Didn't leave enough there. So you want to think about Vegas no matter how well or poorly you do when you get back. If you've got any brains at all. Well, I shouldn't say that because we've got a lot of vanilla ice cream people down here. But if you've got any taste and it like a taste for life, when you get back, you're a straightaway thinking about you. What am I going to go back again? Because I didn't have enough time to see this place in that place and the Venetian and all these other things. Or even come close to thinking about going downtown. And I've time to go downtown. No, no. Not at all. No, and see you're giving me a sour look. But people are telling me downtown's pretty good now. Is what they're saying since they re-did the whole thing. They look like they're covered it over and lid it all up and even the golden nugget they said is a beautiful place now. Okay, I'm looking for it. So in Georgia it's free trip, even he might go downtown. But this is good news for all our biggest people out there with people who got a taste for life, like I said. Also, I brought in my book again. 23 fan fiber dive plan by Gabe Merkin MD and very fast PhD. Because I thought a couple are real interesting things in here. For a lot of you sick farts out there, not necessarily old sea. A lot of the young guys who, you know, they take it for granted. But because you're young, you're going to be real healthy. Is that true? No, no. Because a lot of this ballcrap is irritable, spastic gutcrap. Starts when you're like in your 20s. But the thing I was trying to say yesterday about the difference between fat and I had this backward that was wrong. It says calories come in the form of fat protein carbohydrate now call every single excess calorie we take in is used to make fatty tissue. But it's easier for the body to turn the fat from food into body fat. The body spends about 30 calories converting 100 calories of carbohydrate or protein to body fat. But it takes only about five calories to convert 100 calories of dietary fat to body fat. So all this time I've been wrong. A color of fat makes you fat. He says fiber on the other hand fiber. Oh, it's a lovely thing. Adds bulk to your stool. Speaking the transit time of undigested waste or your lower intestines. This rapid passage helps prevent constipation. Oh, irritable bowel syndrome. And other digestive problems and colon cancers kind of like a little bonus. Fiber lowers cholesterol by binding up by elated the building blocks of cholesterol and training them out of the body. It says many people misghost back to the reason that low fat is failed in this country. So badly and I've been screaming about this for years. And I was absolutely correct. Thank you. Many people in Barcan weight loss programs know they should cut back on their fact consumption and they do so. Unfortunately, they tend to replace the fat on their plates with refined carbohydrates and sugar or special low fat foods. Like intoments and snack wells and all those other sugar laden things that are loaded with trans fatty acids. And all kinds of crap that make you even better than you were before am I right about that? Absolutely correct against her. Very good. Nice job. So I'm loving this book. I'm feeling great. I'm losing some weight. I'm actually under 200 on the real scale here with all my clothes on this morning for the first time in a long time. I mean a long time. Remember that day I got on there and I was like 200 exactly months ago and I said, I'll never be over 200 again. I lied. Not intentionally. I mean, you know, the best of intentions go to hell in a hand basket but I was full of crap. And I think that was the last time I was ever even close to 201 98 this morning on the real official scale. Oh, pretty damn good huh. Oh, here he goes again for the 8 million time. Well as long as you were live and kicking and after you have a good health scare like I just had for a month. That's usually a good time if you're smart. If you got a brain to start losing a weight and stopping fat and disgusting and grow test. I wouldn't be surprised by like I would say junior July. I looked just like Brad Pitt wouldn't surprise me the least bit. Maybe just like Nick from 98 degrees with a better nose by the way. I have a better nose than. Here's our first call of the day. Let's see if this phone is working. It's a little phone test here's my me Beach Hello. New Hi, you doing great. Listen, first of all. I love your show. Okay, second of all. Darren town is okay. Vegas. Yeah. I went there for the first time over Christmas and I did very well. A lot of Japanese nations running around. I went downtown once but I prefer to stay in the big places like the Marage or the live show. This thing that's going on with this Cuban kid. What is that? Well, what you know is grandmother's a meeting at a secret location or maybe. Try to secret location. Well, they didn't give you a dress design. Sure, they do. It's the home of this abroad from Barry College. Well, I don't want to remind you. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. I'm going to be a little bit more careful. It's going to handle the right thing. I told you. Because You said it. Thank god you are a real word of the monday. You who are in this god for second place. I see it in this aren't another Republic of denote case. There's going to be a person here to share, and you don't need to be aware it has to be visible. and 30 mile an hour road. I'm doing 20 miles an hour. And the cop slakes me down and tells me I'm going too fast. Yeah. And you know these guys with their power trips type of thing. Yeah. I said it's a 30 mile an hour road. I'm doing 20 miles. I'm using the power 96. Okay, let's go take care of customer. Have a great day. Could you start a good little upon risk? I'm going to spend a 560 WQM. Aliens going to meet with gram number one and gram number two. And I have to laugh the way this family says, oh, well, yeah. We agreed to it. I had to break the news to you. They made you an offer. You couldn't refuse. Don't give me this bull crap. And that Mara Lisa, so whatever her name is. Oh, if I have to see one more of those crying jags on my TV one more time, I'm going to barf on the floor. I can't even my dogs were heaving all over the place. They were like, up, shuckin' from seeing that bitch. Putting on that routine and squirting the tears. Just go ahead and see it. So we have laws here. Okay, just obey the laws. The government, the court, it's all the same thing. They'll make the decision. Not you and your bull crap and your propaganda and your dog and pony show that you were trying to put on there for gram number one and gram number two and money haul. So cut the crap. What if the Pope's going to be there today? You think if that's a very college of that very nice lady's song? Uh-huh. I think he's going to be there. Hey, Ellie, on watch out for the old man in the dress. Ten minutes past ten, it's five sixty wqx. No portion of his broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission. A wqx, d3 acquisition court. I have a turn on your. I'm Rosanna, I'm late for the nine years to say they're so many of my Hispanic sounding name I'll be here in office for life and oh it's all too true. The bullish got to get to inside. That's true. You're from a tiny little island that's baby twenty feet wide. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's no one else can buy your wine. Outside the J-Cowd line, I'm still going to be with the city and for me to be as bad as promoting a new to the planet. For the city of Tampera. At this special meeting of Calamari, I'm like me, like on your studio. For your meaning is called. And you're an hour and a half or an hour. Ten fifteen and five sixty wqx. I wonder if Ellie on a gross late and she'll be hopping around outside those gates today won't you? Look into the as ballart rhymes with the hell be there. But they'll be on the outside way on the outside. There'll be that nice Catholic lady. Jeanie McLaughlin sounds Irish to me. Don't you sound. From Perry College, very university whatever hell it is. And that'll be a gram number one. One will be in here. Gram number two and little kid. And you know what I just I'm obsessed with I'm fascinated with these comments from the attorneys. Another Jew attorney that Robert Bernstein, guy whatever hell is name is. Oh, well, you know, the family agreed to this. We didn't feel like there was any threat from the I. And you better believe they did. They made them an offer they couldn't refuse. Either you'll have the meeting for a clock in this place tomorrow. And the comments, that kid out of there faster than you can say to help them feed out. Okay. They made them an offer they couldn't refuse. In fact, I remember has it, you know who's going to be there today. I mean, this is strictly on a QT don't let this shot. You know who's going to be there? Tom's going to be there. That's right. And look at brought these going to be there. I don't want to say he's going to be holding your gun anybody's head. And thinking that their signature or something will be on that plate or else they're brains or something like that. Of course, in the case of some of these people are they going to find any brain? No, they suffer from Greg Reed syndrome like I said. Oh, no. So here's the fact that this is National Airlines flight. This is a good start. I would like to find out what time the return flight from Vegas to Miami would be that would be part number two. But the two flights daily, eight, 15 in the morning and nine, 40 in the P and that sounds great to me. Do you realize that you could leave? Is that daily? Yeah, they're daily. Let me see again in the articles. That's how you're going to win one moment please. Yeah, twice daily. So if you love eight, 15 in the morning assuming it took like four hours and 45 minutes to get there on a 757. That would charge it right to me. What would that be? A two o'clock, eight and five. Huh? One o'clock. Right? Yeah. One o'clock. So you'd get there at 10 o'clock in the morning Vegas time. Just inside for the buffet. Is there open to all of them? Yeah, you'd know. Schmuck. Oh, no, seriously, that would be great. Or you could leave at 940 p.m on a, see I'm not that crazy about that because I'm also your 10. And so you'd get there at midnight on a Friday night. But regardless, those aren't bad times, especially the one eight 15 in the morning. You could leave on a Friday morning take off a Friday. I'm thinking to myself, of course, don't I always think about myself? I don't know if I don't know if it's not that I'm selfish or anything, but why not? I live here on a Friday morning at eight 15, be there 10 in the morning and have all the Friday all day Saturday and then come back like Sunday. Whatever times it's going to be sure we'll find out who ever facts me this will facts me the return time from Vegas to Miami. I mean, just imagine all the money you can lose in two days. Sounds great to me, Vegas National Airlines. I like to already. Because America worst, I mean, if they offer me 40 feet like the answer is still absolutely no, no, no thank you. And by the way, should I have the BG's for me? Here's Miami, hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay, sir. I know yesterday was dedicated mostly to Ariana. This is dedicated to Ariana. I'm saying it again, baby, because I got some research from the information for you. All right. We'll be starting today recording a song for Ali on. Oh, I love it. The alien on movement. The only head one while I'm sure he must have been here for a while. He's done. I'm sure he has movements. Yeah. So pretty stuff soon. We'll be coming out of song dedicated for Ali on in favor of him and whatever. I don't know what the lyrics are here. The only thing. Number two, I thought great movie you might love it. If you love the Bible and guncrubs. Okay, I've got a voice use here. Just say, uh, this say, no. I will talk about whatever we want to talk about today. I will see. We'll see the way it goes so far. So far so good. Me myself. I'd rather talk about that big game tonight. Anybody interested in that? Oh, five thousand unsolved seats. Oh, we're not going to go. You won't force us. Nobody cares. You know, that's very sad. See, I'm like I said, I'm going to talk about whatever I care about. And the fact that here's New Jersey, the number one team in the world. The number one team in the league and your red hot, slow-diving panthers. These guys are playing their brains up for you and you don't deserve them. That's the thing that bothers me. This time doesn't deserve them. They're kicking serious ass. And I hear the last five minutes of that, uh, worst team this morning. And what are they talking about? Oh, who's going to be the defensive coordinator of the dolphins? This dolphins. These people, they sleep in dolphin the New York. I don't know if I'm, I don't know what kind of how dolphins excrete. Have you ever seen dolphin excrete? I hear marinos had some bad at the end of his time. But this is, like, these people sleep in the dolphin the New York. That's all they know. That's their whole life. It's the vanilla ice cream crowd. Something that's bland and boring and weak and terminal and really bad. And you try to turn them onto something good and they're, they're obstinate. They're absolutely, they will not respond. Five thousand unsolved tickets for night's game is a community disgrace. Community disgrace. And I don't want to hear any excuses, any whining. It's too expensive. It's too amazing how last year they could find a money for it. And if you're only picking and choosing appropriate times when you want a budget or money when to come tonight's tonight's the night. They need your support against the hottest team in the goddamn league. This is a tonight and then in Philadelphia tomorrow a tremendous pair of days. A big pair. And these people give a flying crap about it being a big pair of what's that was going on here. What the heck is a pair? They don't even know who the hell that is. I'm going to surprise. I haven't had a thing on a return on the flights from Vegas. Whoever refacts me the first one must be a little bit slow. Today, I'd like to find out to return time flights because I think I would like to come back. I don't really plan on staying there forever. Few years ago I entertained that notion of value of living there and buying a place out there because they have some very inexpensive beautiful places outside the city. And then I thought about it for five minutes and I said, No, no, I don't think so. Not a place to live. I mean, you know, I didn't meet that couple. I know it's many people from here have moved out there and they enjoy it. Not for me. Not for some old flag like me. I just I can't see that. I mean, I wouldn't lose my ass. I've been broken six months. I'd have to come back to work, which is a prospect worse than death. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, in time to talk, I'm a listener from many, many, many years ago. And once I get the listen to you and I'm listening and I love it. I got to say one thing about alien. I'd like to see Janet really come shaking in your town with a couple of federal alley marshals. I'd like them to stuff the kid into one of those big circus guns. And I'd like to watch Janet light the fuse and blow him right back to Cuba. I think it would be like a real lucky Janet blow. I don't think that's going to happen. Well, listen, we're not going there today. Yeah. But on another subject, you were talking about the diet, the fiber, the fat and all that. Yeah. It had a wonderful experience and you're not going to have to dump this called. You're not hit the button. But when you eat a lot of fiber, it's so thick and drink a lot of water. Yeah. It makes you feel good. Uh-huh. Like the dog. My nose is going to be big as well. All right. So it's not funny. Bad triathum or see, yeah. Okay, call me again another 15 years sir. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T wireless line. That was pretty weak. I mean, that was really, really, very, very weak. And thanks for not calling all these a year. Here's my me, Beach, hello. What do you know, I have a question. A statement in a question. Yeah. A statement first. I hope to go out that they don't have a meeting, make some type of a ruling, where they say, we'll pick them up again in a week to give them another week to ride. Oh, boy. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. When they make the decision and look, they still got a heavy hearing. What is this damn judge who we're waiting for? What the why is need doing the thing already and making this decision? And then like I said yesterday, do it one way or the other. Just do it and let's get on with like this. I can't handle any more of this crap. Exactly. Now a question for you now. I think that last night, right, trying to get to noises. Every time I go there a little little little sign comes up. It says era search engine to slow. So I caught American online and they said that's something with your webpage. Does anybody else have that same problem or have you seen that problem? I never heard that before. Yeah, I've been doing it for two days now and every time I go to noises, this little arrow yellow thing comes up. Yeah. And no noises. I'll be damned. But I'm trying to give you as many as I can here. All right, well, if anybody else has that problem, so you can solve this for me, please. Okay, I'm sure that my crack friend, the ericum, there who does a great job on our website will have us an answer momentarily. Thanks. Thanks. God bless you, sir. I'll pray for you. Yeah, we're sticking to the screen. By the way, I want to correct something I've been saying for a long time about the biggest closet in the world being the Catholic Church. That is worldwide, but locally, the certainly the Cuban community. The closet kneelies out there. I mean, I have a lot of people who listen to what never call the show. They have no balls or else they just have a two smart to call the show. But I mean, that's exercise I went through yesterday. That proves to me beyond a shadow about that. I know you're out there, but the only thing that they can call on it and do when they say the show, call the show, it might have colon. That's basically it. Because they don't want to be recognized. They don't want to identify me or be embarrassed themselves. Because obviously they're listening to this, might have colon and of course they should be able to relate to it because they're Cuban. But they, you know, they're in the closet and Georgia's told me that when he's on filling in on the show and see, I know this comes to the shock. But we have phony psychics here, but we don't have any real psychics in the Cuban community. And so they don't have some psychic message that when Georgia's filling in doing the show, all of us sitting there two to five, 60. They're listening every day. They're newly, they listen to the show morning noon and night, even when I'm not on the waiting for this voice. They love it. They're squeezing it. But will they talk to me? No. No, they'll talk to George. Because first of all, I perceive him as one of theirs, even though he ain't too fond of a lot of the anyway. And number two, because he's got a wife. Yeah, that's right. And a nice little kid. So now that makes it more safe. In addition to which so many of them are pooses anyway. So when the yesterday, I had to see to her in bag and plead, I mean, how is that possible? Just like they begged and pleaded. Oh, they're going to come out and support the baseball team. Aren't they? No. They're going to come out and support the yapanters. No, no, no. The heat? No. They're going to. Miami amigos, remember them? No, they didn't come out. So we don't know what you're doing. Besides the cut fights, and we're in all that heavy jewelry. What is it that you're doing all the time while you were Cuban's out there? She was how not calling me. And I'm not going to beg anymore, okay? I think most of the Cubans are about that I was interested and I have to beg. It was pretty much the other way around. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes, I am. Yes. We're flying out. We jumped right on that fly. Oh, sorry. That was. That was. We're leaving on the 20th, the 815 AM. We expected to be there at lunchtime and Vegas. Yeah. Ready to go? No, you'll be there 10 in the morning, Vegas time. Yeah. Well, by the time we get all settled, then I think I'm going to be in the clock. Right. Just in time for the buffet, just in time to stay on line a couple hours to the buffet. Don't tell that. Yeah. Yeah. We're looking forward to that. And we're going to be driving up to Tahoe. I think I'll do some skiing after that. Great. But I believe the flight that returns, now we're staying out there seven days. But the flight, we got a flight coming back at like 1.15 pm Vegas time. So we'll be back. Oh, Peter Clark at night. Right. Back in Miami. No, what's the use of out nine o'clock at night? Yeah. Yeah. This is our first trip. So we're looking forward to it. We've got like nine people going with us. Great. Excellent. Have a great time, pal. Thank you. Okay. Mortgage house. Ponder Goat. And by the way, there's this great place to eat out there. 26 after 10 at 5.60 WCW. Kim Bocafrot talks about laughing. We can't. Right here. I'm Fort Radio 5.60. You say. Okay. 10.30 at 5.60 WCW. Here's a bulletin on the screen here. It says, who's Todd Tungan in Davy? Hello. Hello, Neil. Oh, it is Todd Tungan in Davy. Yes. How are you? Great. I just hear talking about closet nearly. And I just had the lecture. Know that in the media, there are an awful lot of closet nearly including myself. A lot of people out there that listen to you. And I really enjoy it. I really enjoy it. I've got a lot of closet to people. That's what I'm hearing. Wow. It's not funny. When you start ripping them and including myself. It's pretty funny. And we just want to know what it's pretty funny. We really enjoy it. And say hi to my good friend, Don. No, my your attitude. Actually, when I did a story on Rick and Suds years ago. Who? And I told that it was when Ann Bishop was told. She wouldn't talk to me for a week because I've done a story over at your Stay. Now, did you really have a sign up there in the newsroom that says, if you listen to the Rogersville ball, your brains out or something like that? I think you have one over the death of action. Yeah. I'm not permitted to listen to that. Well, if anything was a talk to your ass. I'm very good. She had a very good sense of humor. I don't think when I came to you, she did really. No. Bitch. Well, I'm more likely to have a different city more, I guess. Everyone else over there really enjoys your show though. Well, God bless you, Todd. All right. You know, we'll keep listening. And give it to my lawyer. They'll be kiss on more than much that she used to be from. See. How do you like that? A lot of closet people, like I said, you're all out there. You're not fooling me. You're not fooling this fat old bag. But I'm going to tell you something. I'm declaring a war on fat. Because you know what I want to know why? Because you have to sit down. You have to ask yourself this question. The first thing that I can do is the food is the reward of the food. I do realize that most of us who are fat weed, food is a reward. Not because we're physically hungry. We like it. We love food. It's a reward. It tastes good. I'm not going to lie about that. But is that reward better than feeling good? And the answer is, no, I feel so much better today. And I have in week in week. I've been functioning here. I mean, forget about the, the, uh, F. Upfall and all the other stuff going on here. I mean, the stress factor here is a constant. But at least I can survive. I don't think I'm like, I'm choking on my own God damn fat today. And I'm not going to have had it to fiber. Oh man. It's a, oh, I'm telling you. When it doubts slide it right out, baby. And it doesn't leave a just, I don't want to get too gross because it's almost lunchtime. But just to happen, take of all the stuff that you eat. You know, the digest in process, sitting in there fermenting and rotting inside your kishkis. You don't talk in the bath? Oh, man. Oh, it's rotting over there. And why do you think when you got like a bad, you know, now when you eat a lot of fiber in your color, it smells delicious like li-locks. So I'm this like the Randy's been parking Rochester in the middle of the summer. I'm serious. Yeah, people in the elevator. Oh my God, I thought it was a lie. I mean, we must be in Rochester at the Randy's been parking. It smells like li-locks will be here. Yeah. That's right. Because it's foul. The reason that your, yes, Melso bed is because of all that putrefestering, swirl inside your body. And who wants a bunch of future festering, swirl rotting inside your body? Because if the stuff is rotting in there, it's destroying your organs. That's what Rollitzer said. It's destroying my organ. And there's the last thing I need is having anybody mess it with my organ as whatever it might be, which ain't much. So I'm just, I know I've done this before 50 million times, but that's the day or you never give up. You just keep fighting the good fight as opposed to his throwing in the towel. Like my good post brand. The Algoal team was lolling around probably 600 pounds easy on it and naked. How's that rich dude, Melso? He lost some weight. And let's see, let's the Monday night worth a track. I'm trying to think he had a steak and double vegetables. No dessert, no appetito, no way. He did okay. I think he was putting on a show for me. Hey, listen, he has no choice. This is his last hurrah, man. Here's a guy that had a minor stroke and then ballooned up. I mean, instead of going in a right direction, he went in the wrong direction. Then they had a blow up in his arteries just to keep him breathing. And we'd like to have him around for a little while. The horses need to eat. You know, we'd like to keep him around a while. Got to lose that weight. Got to stop with the goddamn food. It's a reward. It's not a reward. And now that I'm eating this stuff and I realize even the beans that I told yesterday and you give me a look, the beans and the other canned beans and onions. It was pretty good. That's not something I would eat every day. But it's something for like it's okay in this book. And once in a while something is, an apple. I love a great apple. To me, there's a few things that I like better than a goddamn apple. Are we a good delicious apple? A good one. The crunchy ones. Right. Not the great one. No, not great. I read delicious apple. Yeah. Which you put of course in the refrigerator. Get nice and cool and then just crunchy as hell. And like I point out in this book. If you're diabetic, eat it with something else. We'll like with some protein and your blood sugar doesn't go flying up there. This is a great book. It really is. And with all the respect, like I said, I've been working with a lot of people. If you do an acnes and you do great God bless you more power to you. It doesn't work for me. It's not my cup of tea. It just ain't gonna hit hand. Because every time I eat the meat and cheese, it makes me raviour this for a sugar. Don't ask me why. I could sit in here and do my meat and cheese and say hey, look, I'm doing my great acnes. And I'll leave here and I'll run. I'll run, like good. Ben and Jerry, as you name it. Because it stimulates my desire for something sweet. And when I leave here every day, the bill locks the door in there so I can't, you know, news him as an excuse to set his body to zero for something sweet. 567.0560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile-in-four lottery, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Pretty good. OK, thank you for yesterday. Could you refer a piece of shen after Monday night? Yeah. 33 year old white guy here. I said, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. In our meal, it's Monday. You have a long day. The little lady comes home. We just want to sit down, have dinner. There's about two sitcoms we watch. Right. We're sitting there Monday, night watching king of queens. All the stress we just sit there watching TV. They go to the 15-minute commercial channel for. Here they go. I'm watching a lear jet on a runway. I'm running around. If I could have found the brick, I would have broke every TV. I'd go to channel 4 and move the place. I mean, they don't understand. We don't care. Yeah. And that's when this guy yesterday calls me, you know, I'm driving around. He's like, what do you make them such a big deal about in the old? They're only one road they're blocking. And it's, you know, you're exaggerating. You know, what the point is, it's disruptive. It's just disturbing our lives for something we don't care about. Yeah, that's right. And, you know, Todd just called, I hope we're sitting in their meetings. And all of them are, you know, they're all talking about this and talking about that when they're in their meetings all day with to the John Garwoods of the world and all that crap. Let them know that we don't care for all out there and let us get on with our wine. Yeah. And I just might add, because I saw seven again, because they're the only ones that do local news at certain times. And I saw them again. It was either last night or this. I must have been last night, because Sanchez is not in the morning. And I know he listens to this show. He's another out of the closet listener where they, you know, jogs with his Sony Walkman. Rick, you're making a fool out of yourself. You really are. I mean, whether people like him or don't like him, he's making a total jackass out of the selfie because he's so involved in this thing. And so emotionally wrapped up, he ought to like take a good vacation now. And that's somebody else cover the story. So once again, I'm glad you feel one better meal and thank you for yesterday. And you know, what ever happened to the jack for the jacks burgers? Can you not play that anymore? We give it a good rest. Okay. So I haven't, I've been, I've been listening to you forever. And I just haven't heard it. We gave it to, it's in, it's in, uh, month balls. I have a great day. Okay. And by the way, as Jackford wrote a lot of this diet, uh, okay. Maybe we'll bring it out. So here's the National Airlines schedule. Let's see, departure time. Vegas 2 my N.A. 1250 p.m. Or I'm going to 830 to p.m. And then they have, yeah, we'll be the equivalent of a red eye overnight. 1050 p.m. It leaves Vegas gets here at the 630 in the morning. But that's not bad 1250 p.m. Get to it 830. Ah, that's not bad at all. And Miami 2 Vegas leaves at 815 in the morning. And just like I said, get to 1025 in the morning. And then one that leaves at 940 at night and gets their Vegas time, 1150 in the p.m. Why? Wait a minute. It leaves at 940 at night. Oh, that would be right. Yeah. You get to just be 4 midnight. So there you go. Put the dick smile on my post. National Airlines big 757's not those little, uh, puddle jumpers that some of the airlines are flying. And the price is right, man. And what is it? 238 round trip in the coach for you. Schlappers out there. And I think only 599 of first class. Or even the cheaper than that. Like free for some of the big shots. Now this is great. I was going there dick. There we are. Name is Izuzu 21 before 11 at 560 WQ. And let's all get together and go to Vegas. What do you say? That's what Hank was saying there. Let's put a package together. Let's do another one of those things like you used it. And I said, no, okay. I don't think so. Wow. The Panthers host the Red Hot News. Sure things out there. Oh, right. Battle of Division leaders tonight. Join the new voice of the Panthers. Check out on the store and branding alerts for the action. Panthers bring these stuff to set here on Sports Radio. 560 QA. Oh, Frosty Nads. Time to promote. Game is about. And help again. Now there's my time. Look at this. It's a theater. The Panthers are mine. And now I'm excited to say new. The people who are going to be dead. One thing for both. So let's talk to a guest. And now that I come to head. I'm on the radio. And you may not see me yet. The world's is a piece that I'm such a feeling. Lots of things are something. Why a sound of wind and wind. So make it funny. Trouble. Sweet things are something. It's a piece that's something. It's a piece that's something. It's something that I feel. I like this rock bacon. And when we get out of here. You'll be a piece that is looking great. And after the year I've seen it suddenly. Could be the gift. The cast of an episode. Like you say, how soon? We can say, so I'm soon. The new one's here. You can say, for the service of only a kid here. And we are making that beautiful. It's a piece that we can do. 1045560WQA of 50560. 104560 on the AT&T line at meetings at 4 to 10. What's your name? It's house. I got it. I'm saying that they haven't been doing this show. Four o'clock this afternoon. Which means just in time for the evening. Newcast is 56637 o'clock in 11. It's said we're in so on. Oh yeah, they'll be out there stroking themselves. Any other right out in front of the goddamn gates of the Prove gates. Boy, just please, please get it over. You've just worn us down. We have no resistance left. We don't really care at this point. Most of us just get it over. And let's go along with life. Assuming that anybody down here is found one. By the way, see we got 6500 open lines at the board. All of a sudden, we had a real quick start there this morning. Like I was a little bit optimistic. But I have a ace in the hole here today. You wanted to like because the phones aren't going to ring. I'm going to just read all the food. All the things you can eat in candy. There's about 100 pages of it in here. Portions, calories, total fat, dietary, fiber. And whether it's got a smiley face, a finger thumbs up, a scissors for cut back on it. Or a lobbamba, black bomb, which is don't even think about eating it. For my great fiber and fat book. It is a good book. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's all cutlery. Dear lob you show. Yes sir. Right here you lose a weight in your feeling good man. Feeling great. Want to tell you if thin here by the one. Want her to see a play. I smell two joints from the morning. No, 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Out of town line 87785, Neil. 87775, 6345. You got it sir? Yeah. Okay. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes sir. Good. Well, let me just say one thing right now. So all the key with people to say the VCR because not the VCR is thinking about making a May for TV movie about this. Yeah, there's a big thing going to pay for this morning. See, we're not thinking about it. They're going to do it. They're going to do it. We'll just think about it. What all the money you make. So the TVS, they already signed the deal for television mini and not just the special show, but a mini series on the Aleyand drama. We just think with all the money you can take it back to Papa C10, how cool grandma C dying to. Right. They could open up their own casino to help with the Meyer landscape. We don't need him. By the way, I've been looking on your website about for lotion to basket. I mean, you don't have it on their do you? We don't. Um, not that I look for the threats and I can't find it. It puts the notion in the bars. Oh, man. Probably there's a body augmentation. Oh, that's right. That's right. That's a body augmentation. I think they're good. Right. Well, can I request you to play for me to please the next? Oh, I'll work on it. All right. Thank you. I'm the good two. Have a great day, sir. I'll read that. Yeah, we're sick and tired of this crap. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no. We got the most chitillating crap in the world going on right here and these people got they caught on. No, I'm embarrassed for most of you. I am. I'm embarrassed for myself. Christ, Almighty. I get a bottle of tea, I'm in the net. Joseph Least is there for your services. Reverse is the plan. Bring good out now. For all I've got to get some state and move down to that point. For all I've got to do this on. Nice fucking spot for you. Oh, please. Yes. Emily, it's hard for you. It's pretty easy. First of all, get an excitement baby. We're talking, scitillating. We're talking about emotional. We're talking about something. I'll get you off your ass. And these people just don't care. They refuse. These are vanilla ice cream people. The people would taste in their. Rectom. Tush. And it's true. More people in the world eat vanilla ice cream than fish food. Or New York Superfudge Chunk or Rocky Road. See, I can talk about those things. You're sitting there looking your chaps. I don't care because I'm not going to kill myself for a moment. You know what I'm saying? I'm not going to do it. I'm in that mindset right now. We're trying to be in that mindset. It requires having a real good scare thinking you got about a 20 pound 2 more and you're gotten it. Finding out it's only like a bad bowel movement or something. And you say, oh my god, I got one more reprieve here. And I think this is about the last one. Because I've been abusing my body for like 40 years now. That's enough. That's enough eating lots of crap and being walking and whaddling around like a big fat slob. Where it was going to be. Where is that used to where? And of course, when you're real big and fat like that, like I used to be, I always have to wear something like that because you can't tuck in your shirt. Because your pants keep falling down. Not because you're losing weight, but because your big public keep pushing him down to your knees. But you of course comes in handy at certain times. That's what Al says. Here's a mobile and for a lot of Dale. Hello. Hey Neil, how you doing? Great. Congratulations on your diet. Thank you. I mean, that's nothing that exciting yet, but I'm at least making it moving in the right direction. You go in there. Well, I didn't hear the beginning of the show. Did you do any kind of exercise? Yes. What do you do? I went to bed, Mel and the exercise bike. I'm on every day this week. I was going to recommend you something that, and again, I'm not in this business. I'm just a guy who does it. And I tell the people to go, but I go to this really tremendous exercise yoga class for about six years now. No. That is incredibly. You just got to say, you're saying, no, it's not my thing to go to a class. I'm interested in showing my every body to other people. Listen, there are people there who look, grow tass no, don't they. I want to keep going. I'm looking at mirror. I don't have to go see other growth test people. just recommending it okay thanks have a great day thank you sir but the answer is still no five six seven oh five sixty pomp five sixty in of course you know joining a gym we know most people go to a gym for yeah mostly facts well take showers together we know all about that please don't call it protests like you wrestling people oh yeah I'm in wrestling in college and I'm not a yeah yeah we believe it we believe them no but we understand you know you're in denial and it's not very popular in the american we still have a lot of homophobic and a lot of neurosis out there and most people are still in the closet see that's one thing we go back to that thing about the closet two but listeners out there they I mean as much as they enjoyed and they love it and the show too they they can't relate to the idea of some not a cool and being out of the closet in other words it's not something you talk about you do it and you enjoy it but you certainly don't talk about it no way Jose and that's just to terrifies the living of a smith out of the schmith of them smith here's Holly wood hello hey how you doing great listen I'll speak you know I hope today with that a little meeting that they're having with alien yeah I would need this for a clock yes right now will eat us and I will eat those and metal elissa and all of them I hope I just really hope today's the last day with this news coverage and that they finally get it over with and they finally get somewhere that if you stay if you go well you know we'll pack up a sandwich have a nice light and you know it's finally get the soap with because I'm tired of just going home afterwards trying to watch TV and and it's just on and they're just standing there and there's nothing really going on it's not so much like what he's made in it yeah five cents what sounded like and even if it wasn't it's still you sound too much like a manager in Hollywood five six seven oh five sixty he's making like 600 calls to the station every goddamn day now I'm getting real I need you as near those kind of it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wire flying like I said on the sports show is that they pay any attention no they put anybody on here they'll put anybody on after seems super quick out while a defensive line and the offensive coach at all get a life you people are you're terrifying I'm much more terrified of those people are them and those old toothless assholes done there on a little event these lifeless people are gonna snap some day here's Miami hello yes sir hey don't wait listen I was dying to you watching Michael putting on channel 10 he stood out that night here they're Mike I'm telling he stood out there for like 10 hours he was seen in his pants looking for somebody interview finally he found the fisherman and he said this was dividing the venture yeah what would he talk about his divide intervention the dolphins were all around him one day and the fishermen says well not really those with dolphins that you know we were fishing for it at the same dolphins not the purposes all the stories divide interventions that he is dying for a story you are just called alien a gift from god and announcing cubus liberty he tried on he really take cuban Moses dividing inspired child profit and he'll squeeze the very last drop of mojo from cuban president of the castro's magic bottle of endurance he's squeezing his mojo and his mojo I tried so hard to get this decision and say the dolphins were swimming around and the guys no they're not in trouble injecting the water that maybe that's where they were on the beach I'm telling you now I know what a legit look like because they should be pictures of a legit all night long oh well uh I'll say it again Thomas Regalado man the way Michael put me let him off the hook let him answer that question with a ridiculous answer and then just let him slide even lower king would have been embarrassed by that huh oh my so much so much so much thank you sir riveter ciao five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T line we're gonna fight the good fight against food this year that's right all the respect thanks very much to our good friends at Tony's and uh at line of city subs and uh a chocks and everybody else is brought us all this great food during the year of 2000 this is gonna be like the Mahatma Gandhi show no more food in here for a long time I know yesterday had my Greek salad and on days when I do that guess what I haven't bring it over I'll eat on the way home not eating during the show anymore we're not running god in nellies restaurant here the radio show all these all this stuff my god just imagine just can you imagine and you want to weigh in you wonder why they make you clean out real good so they start putting that camera looking up in there I don't care how strong your stomach they got or how much they're into it here's a mobile in highly a hello yes sir I was listening to the other status for your decision yesterday and they were like wiring up the people to go out there and to protest and front of the house of that witch whatever and uh yeah and so it was it's kind of weird because the spasiness is here they get the people work that we think the media the English media does bad but the spasiness is even worse not a Spanish language they since they're totally responsible and the FCC does not understand what they're talking about so they just let them do whatever they want and you know they start riots and cause all kinds of civil disobedience and nobody does anything about them and they did and some of those people belong in jail can't they do anything about from my house no say ablya i's ban yola ki okay i'm closing yilihan and janin and yilihan okay there you go uh uh you learn and Rick that's what it is Ricky Tickey and Alihan i hear there are open i sure hope Ricky Tickey if they take him somewhere don't drive five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line out of town line is eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three four eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three four five I'm sucked about that national Las Vegas National Airlines believe me if you got a few bucks that you don't care about get on a plane and go there and see what are real places all about a place where it's legal actually have a good time you might get lucky and more ways than one battling knows but what a great place man oh we sure don't want to have that here 24 years i've been hearing these same old lot lame crap same old BS don't want to have that here too many people might actually have a good time we hate that only one sub florida radio station has to it at Goldberg week they happen in the two sports radio five sixty q a m oh what am i Here come the stripper, one by one. Medmines and half time is here, we'll be full. I just need a key ball, below the ground, and I'll go into it and drink it out loud. It's a bar, a bar, a tuba boat, a fantasy. It's a bar, a map, a wall, three. It's just close to down, and comes out, while it comes to scratch out, grab and park. It's a hundred bucks full of this friend, and it's a rock game, a map, a tuba boat, fantasy. It's a bar, a map, a pool, a dream. Oh, right. It's a bar. Love it out to a 560 WQM Hank from Atlanta at 2 this afternoon. What is that place where you got this show? Hard rock cafe. And then we got seven o'clock at the pregame show. Devil's in a path, is not going to be there. Oh, I'll be there. You see, the thing with these crazy people down there with the bad teeth, the reason that they didn't want to have that meeting anywhere else, and that the ionists had a force in the dood, is because they are terrified. They're scared, shmitless, to let this kid out of their grasp, and out of their sight for even one moment. Because they want to have the opportunity to keep brainwashed. You're going to keep telling their lies like that mirror, and you're going to keep saying, what is that place? I don't believe one word that she says. That's good. I don't believe anything she says. She keeps saying the kid said this. And every time she says that I say, no, no, he did not. She has no credibility. So now the other side's going to have a chance to do their brainwashing. And that's what these people are terrified of, because they've been doing a magnificent job for weeks and weeks now. See, see this? Oh, he said, see. 560, 5050, 60 get it over with please. Get it over with it. Here's a mobile and token of Cree, Kelo. Yeah. Yes sir. Are you doing long time listening for a time call or? All right. Just wanted to let you know, I was not a big hockey fan, but I decided that I'm going to go out and support the Panthers. You're staying at 5,000 tickets available. I'm pretty sure. That's it. I'm humiliated by that. Well, I call local, uh, ticketron. They want 75, to $225 for a ticket. So I said, that's a little bit, let me call the arena. So I call the National Corps of Rental Center. Finally after about 30 minutes of someone picking up the phone over there, I finally get someone in. It's a recording. And they will call them the fact, um, just leave your name and phone number address and they'll try to reach me as soon as possible. And she was saying, I'm out and about on the road. I mean, do they want people to go to these games? Do they want to sell these last 5,000 tickets? Sir. Well, there's no way in the world that there can be 5,000 tickets available price from five from whatever you just said 75 to 200 bucks. There's no way. Because the lower bowl is mostly sold out anyway, not entirely, but mostly. So I, and those tickets are 67 bucks a piece. Right. So what the terms need the most is, do they have anyone that's going to pick up a phone and to some of them could speak to a person? I don't know. I don't know. If they're doing, if that's the way they do in business, the natives, you have a lot on sold tickets. That's ridiculous. I mean, I'm trying to go out. I'm not saying you're doing the best I can to try to embarrass people in the going and supporting this team, which is plain like unbelievable. And if you do go, you really enjoy it. But what am I supposed to do? Yes. Well, just someone who's not a real avid hockey fan who want to go out and support the team. And here you got excited to find out that they're going to speak to an answer. Yeah. Okay. Well, the will begin with. Work on that. Five six seven. Five sixty. Come on. Let's go over there. Guys, let's get with it. Okay. I keep getting reports like that all the time about people getting to run around who want to go. And it's just, yeah. They should be on their hands and knees out there saying, please, would you buy these tickets? We'd like to fill a place up just for watching. Make it look good and make these guys feel better about what they're doing, which is great. I don't get it. But of course, it's the softball to F and way. Five six seven. Five and five sixty. Five six. On the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile info. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. If you see the local sector in a hero could I say every section sir. Wasn't that an eye and fly opener to do that headline? A local police were prepared to stop INS from grabbing Aliens. I didn't see that. On the bottom of the local section. And anonymous source with the Miami-Dap Police say that it's a meeting in Timmy and the airport. They spotted extra-dition agents from the INS. Yeah. And that they were prepared to disable the plane at the INS trying to create it. There it is right here. Police ready to disable player plane in case of kidnapping attempt. They were going to obstruct federal officers. The local police stopped him from taking Aliens. Right. And these are the people we're supposed to trust. Uh-huh. So you have a surprise that they had time away from that whoring that they're running down there in Kendall do or getting volume this. So you can see how impartial our Hispanic officers are in this regard. Yes, sir. Absolutely correct. Okay. Thanks for the good news. You're welcome. One page I missed. Thank God. I would probably upchucked in my breakfast. I'm even eat one. 560-5050-50-50 on the AT&T line. You see, I hate to break the news to all you states rights assholes out there. And states courts people that at the phone and the boy you have bitch judged there. But the federal government controls these immigration things. They're the ones that make the policy. They're the ones that they're carried out. And at any time the house in the Senate they can do all the machinations that they want. But uh, cut the crap. Just like Barbara, Barbara boxer said yesterday, this kid is a political football. I haven't seen that for weeks. They're yankin' on the one side. You can't get on the other side. Just let the government decide what's right. Go ahead and do it. And now let's go on with life and stop this crap. That's our message. Okay, cut it. That's not the crap now. Cut it out. Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. Hey, Neo, how's it going? Great. First time, long time, sir. All right. I want to talk about that cancer. I was like, most of those, your listeners out there, these sports jogs, it was such a football fan, all that, really paid attention. Yeah. That got honored three weeks ago by winning a set of tickets from you to Toronto game. And I've been missing home games. Well, no big great game, yeah. Oh, yeah. They came back. I was going to rub it into you. And they say about the whipping your got, but then they came back in a third. You don't want to get into a shootout of the least one. I can stick it in there and they got puck too. Yeah. But by point is, I want to tell you, listeners, they don't realize that you little parents are game for the same price to cost you to park the basketball game. Right. And it like $40 cheaper than a dolphin ticket. So that's 500-panted packet tickets on sale right now, which went on sale at 10 this morning, which I'm sure I'm not going to be sold out. They better be sold out by noon. I'm going to be pissed off. Well, not a plane. It's crazy, man. It's the hottest team plane. I mean, it's so phenomenal. It makes football look like a joke the way they play. I mean, if there are thousands of empty seats tonight, that will verify what I've always said. This is the most bush league town in the universe. If that place is like a ghost town, I'm going to be humiliated. We already know it's a bush league town. Yeah. Yeah. But I just want to tell you, I'm trying to help you with another level. We're trying to teach them something about real life. You should have read. Okay. I'll see you later. Thanks. Bye. Be there or we're going to get really pissed. Okay. We're going to start protesting in the streets without their in front of the Maccarine word safe. 560560, 560, 560 on a. And so you don't like the expensive over price food like I told you before. Eat a meal before you go there. Stop over the hard thing, Kathy, and he guilty and get a sandwich or something. And don't have to get ripped off of that over price crap food that they're peddling. I agree with you on that. Like that silly cheese steak piece of Drecked it. That mystery meat I had there last week. Oh, God. Plenty of other places to eat stop there at dead lennies or denies if you're the right complexion to write up the street there and have a nice meal there and then go over watch the game. Plenty of options. 9 minutes after 11 at 560, WCWM. What is this? Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Really, they are water not these at it again. You know what she did with the breaks, but at any rate. I'll humor her today. Today only. The sports leader sports radio 560. QAF. Floridian. Dumb Adder. And now filling in for Darell Davis. It's Troy Admin for Tambles. Chunky soup. Let's take a call. Hello Troy. Hi mom. Don't worry. I'm eating my Campbell's Chunky Soup. I don't care about the damn soup. What? Did you find a nice girl yet? Mom, I told you. You haven't none of them sending their panties to the house. You could at least humor one of them. You're not going to get a call. You're not going to get a call. I didn't make the boy that way. I must have been your mother. I was bringing over the pick up and she's cooking. Don't listen to him as long as you're happy with the night's girl. That's all we care about. No, but. Okay. Well, thanks for sitting in Troy. But I'm not sitting so close. Join us next week. Don't touch me. Terrell Davis returns. It's 114. T8 at 560 WCWM. Let's all get on that plane. What are you saying? Go to Vegas today. Let's get on the 9th of September. What's tomorrow? Sounds good to me. Let's get on at 940 p.m. Plentiful. Let's leave tomorrow morning and 815. What do you say? I'm not being there to guide the money. International will hop on a guide then. Plan. After a big panther victory tonight. How much wrong with that? You ready to go to Vegas tomorrow morning, aren't you? Right now. Okay. Let's just do everybody bring a big bush along money. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, I knew. Yes, sir. Good morning. Come to yesterday. I don't remember any of your line five. You folks. Yeah. I think we'll let it back on and you went on and for an intrametable period of time. Yes. There you go. I'm just going to say I get to an inch of program again this morning. Here we go again talking about it. We are. I thought we'd decide that to talk about 560. We decided that the show is whatever Neo Rogers wants it to be. Okay. And I really ruled the day though. I put you back on a second time because I try to go out of my way to put people back on. Who disagree with me. And I give you much to much time. And now you're calling here to tell me what I should talk about. I talk about sir whatever is going on around me like in the real world. And unfortunately here in our little very narrow thing and this is what's happening. And we don't decide. We don't have like a committee meeting. We like with the audience to decide what we're going to talk about. In addition to which if you want to talk about something else, I would have been delighted to talk about it instead of tell me what I want to. You want me to talk about what you don't want me to talk about. Chronic is the word. We got a new chronic. And like I said, we understand that all you other Cubans out there. You're in the closet you're on anybody here in your voice call up that fat. I'm going to wait you. We understand that not a colon. Come on. It's all this other crap. We understand even though you do enjoy. The show tremendously in your screen. You're selling each other while you're listening every day of your lives. I know that for a fact. You're not fooling me for a minute. Find a hobby pal. Okay. Go out there and stand under on the beach on front of those big poorly gates. Get ready. It's only a five hours away. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. First time. I just wanted to. I wanted to say I have the answer to the whole alien Gonzalez question and every other Cuban related issue. Uh huh. You need to take an American flag and downtown. Okay. How much sticking to right in your. Okay. Say how do you cheap to by the way. Why do you write it? 567. 560 pound. 560 on the AT&T line. 877785. 6345. 877785. 633. Redneck. Let's go to a lady in Miami. Hi, me. Yes, man. I tried to get through yesterday. You speak up. I can barely hear you. I said you're lying for so full. Yes, sir. I couldn't get through. Well, today they're not. Right. You was wondering. What is it? Well. What is that? Hello. Hello. Yes. How you doing now? Where do you come from? Where do I come from? Hang on. What line was she on? I don't know. Five, seven. Hello. Yes. Are you still there? Yeah. I got caught up. No. Hang on. I want to tell you what just happened. To tell you about a screwed up phone system. This lady is on line five. She got about five words out of her mouth. And all of a sudden, she disappeared and line eight popped up by itself. Our phone is doing spontaneous stuff. I'm sorry about that. Go ahead. This is unbelievable. You're talking about a phone. Yeah. Maybe it's Castro. Maybe it's the L. Antichrist. Maybe he's got his finger in it. Of course. You was wondering yesterday why you see the same faces at the Cuban protest? Yeah. My Hispanic friend informed me that they are paid to go and protest. How much? I don't know how much your pay. That box in our sounds good. I understand it's a Cuban American National Foundation. Maybe they can take the money they're making and get some teeth. Well, I don't know. They're pretty bad. And you see these people hanging over the front fence of the house. And it reminds me of a judging contest that the state's there for hogs or cattle or something. Yeah. Two plus hogs. And you see all these people hollering that everybody's a communist. But yet they're flying to come in and fly. Yeah. Well, we've been through that eight million times. You know, it's printing. And now this patrols, so was over in front of the house on the beach yesterday last evening. Saying that it's not safe because it's on the intercourse for waterway. And they could hijack Elya. Oh, yeah. Right. So. Government of Stamys for hijacking people. Right. It's the same old same old. That interesting. Here. And I'm going to say that the people are the same people who are screaming and yelling about how And they're talking about how free and wonderful it is here and how terrible it would be for him to cast your own. All the repression and comedy, etc. And yet they're the same people that don't trust the government to carry out the law. Isn't that interesting? Isn't it? Yeah. I'm I'm. If we're. So if we miscarse the government, so badly over here, what's wrong with them going back to Fidel? Right. I'm a mother. I'm a grandmother. And I'm a great grandmother. They say that that child belongs with his family. I don't care what country he's in. Well, wherever he belongs, let's get it over where they're. My comment. And have a great day. Exactly. I mean, of the day, let's get it over with today. What do you say? Right. Now that is the strangest thing that ever happened. I mean, we now in last few days, we have had lines come on spontaneously. You know, I'm sitting here talking and lying pops on. So somebody is somebody is digging around with our phone system. And our people in this building are like, and I love when the program director comes in. Oh, well, maybe it's a bell sound problem. How long are you going to keep saying that before you get all over their ass? Before somebody in this guy, then company says, hey, we're paying you a Schmidt load a money. Give us a phone set up here that works. I'm talking to a person online five. She disappears in line eight. Pondia gets punched up spontaneously. Somebody's digging in the other room with the phones in there. See, I know how that's switching here. You're acting me. It's got to be this computer. Yeah. Or the get in your software or a combination of both because they suck. But Greg's on vacation also, of course, everybody in the building is impotent and of course, even one Greg is here. They're all impotent anyway. God, I mean, it just gets more bizarre by the day. Get off your duck. Right. And do something about it. Instead of crying. Here's David. Hello. Yes, sir. Good morning. I want you. Okay. First time calling. Yes, sure. Okay. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. Where else line? Here's a lady in Bokeh. Hi. Good afternoon. Good evening. Good evening. Yes. What about this? Hola, amigo. You stick a little bit of Spanish, right? See. Oh, we be in. Unfocal. Thank you. Thank you for letting us give a opinion over the video. I'll give you a little bit of Italian. Oh, we'll probably be Italian. I'll probably be Italian. See, oh. On the Mareto di Sanono. Okay. Anyway. Okay. Where is the father of this child that he didn't come to meet his child with the grandmother's? He's the look of Bratis holding a gun. He was saying, just stay where the hell you are. Because all these mess is because the father wants to try. But now all this. Yeah, but no, it all look. One hand, the father is obviously being prevented from coming here. But on the other hand, if you're in his shoes and you're seeing all these historical people over here, would you be inclined to come here no matter how bad you wanted your kid back? I'm really dubious about that. No, I would not doubt to come for my for my children. And anybody who wonders what his grandmother's broke out and tears when I got to the airport and saw this circus on the TV sets. I mean, these are two old ladies. These aren't too sophisticated world travelers. These are two old ladies who will take a look at that and said, What the hell is this? We're not going to go into a sea of little lyrics there. I mean, why do they feel the need for this circus going on? They don't need to have anybody throwing flowers at them, interferring. Just let the process take place and let the proper authorities decide. And let's move on with life and cut this circus out. Is that the time they get in coming side the house, or they get in coming to the house? I just got through telling it because they didn't want to risk going into a circus like that. Well, let them see any risk because the authorities were there. Oh, the authorities were there. Well, isn't that terrific? They don't trust the authorities. Because right now, the authorities are in Miami too, right? Yeah. But at least this where they're going to go is behind a gate and behind a huge gate. That could be letting any of you clear. What is it? That house looks like a jail. It looks like a jail. Yeah, it looks like a house to me with a bay of their plenty of nice houses that have Jeans in front of them. Ask O.J. He'll tell you. Yeah. 560, 750, 550, 650, 650 on the 18-2 line. Does it look like a jail? No. No. I mean, it seems it's Christ Lady. What are we talking about? That's a jail lock me up. Exactly right. Maybe John Gotti's hanging out in there. What do you think? Huh? Here's a mobile and four-later deal. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. I mean, listen. I just want to know. I sympathize with what you're going through with your sickness. I had something like that about eight years ago. Yeah. Eight years ago. But anyway, John. Well, now I feel great. What's that? I said, I'm not going through with any more. I feel great. Well, it can recur. So just, you know, not going to recur because I'm not going to start eating crap again. Well, if it does, just remember, it's a great diet plan, but hey, good luck getting better. But anyway, killing in, uh, relatives here, what are they going to get charged with kidnapping? Yeah. I don't know, are they? No. No. No. Five six seven. I hope you're going to go the way soon, too, sir. Five six seven. Five sixty. Five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Boca. Hello. Boca. Here you go. Boca. Root Toon. See. I just kept this in pieces here. You're a show because that's running in an electric. But look at the Sun's central front page. This morning. Just hit me. Right. Man's found guilty after shooting his wife. On TV and in front of everybody down here and his brother. Right. And so if I channel seven only played that video six hundred times in the last 24 hours, by the way. Seven years ago. Right. If the, uh, politicians want to work on something, why don't they work on the court of pellet system? Mm-hmm. That's ludicrous. Right. We get this guy behind parties of Peel. That's right. And start frying these people on death row like every Friday, like regular, like at lunchtime would be good. Right. That's right. But let's, let's, let's also fill it all these, uh, these dangerous drug people, you know? Oh, yeah. You get marijuana smell. That's right. You got all those pot people in there. You got to watch them. Let those people out and start putting the scum bags in there. That's what I say. Especially if they don't have too many teeth. Amen to you. Okay. God bless us. 25 packs 11 at 560 WQN. You're free to stay for the 90. He was something. He was free. Look at that. Look at that. I think that one on the end is bacon. Not good for it, by the way. Oh, I wonder how to deliver. Huh? That's what liver was great. Bad for you. Real bad for you. All the all the poisons that all the toxins from the animal go into the liver, just like years ago in your liver. You want to heat up an organ that's loaded with toxins? I've seen some organs that probably were loaded with toxins, but, you know, maybe they look kind of good at the time. 26 packs 11 at 560 WQN 560 750560, pound 560 on the 80. You know, that home that they're taking that kid to it looks like a prison to me. Doesn't it? Yeah. Looks like a guy damn a prison. So she's upset because they got that big iron gate out there and all these crazy people can't go in and do there. They continue this obnoxious dog and pony show. Jim Mendes toss 4-0. Yeah. Jim Mendes, right here. I'm sports radio five. Oh, yeah. He'll pay. I need some action. I'm just right back in your hear and tell of the beard. It's comedy stuff. Who's regime to overthrow the guy? South of Florida. Here. Same back from the big fat two women. Who's copper there? I win hope. With three of the fights for a wealthy few with the rest of the take. Drop both. You've turned till the rap and blow. You've talked to get his fat but quickly gave it up. After few things the radio takes it. Try the Air Force didn't show up. They float even too high at the end with their politicians in place. Like they're seen on our hands and swam away through the cold. So I'll roll you out. I'm going to have to take fun. Level 32 this just in Alienion has loose bowel movement. In a flurry of media frenzy, Alienion's last bowel movement was closely examined to find that it indeed was. Diarrhea. The feces were a light-awbert in color with a consistency of oatmeal. Our mando-guri area is spoken from the family. It was probably some bad arroz con pollo. The Cuban ASL community in the media waited in the day-long frenzy event. His patient and very firm stool from the six year old boy. Alienion was over her telling Lazaro Gonzalez the boy's great uncle. Nokia HSL papel in El Torlet. Okay, so say to me. It sounds much better on here, don't. One moment please. It sounds much better when they were saying where where the hell is that? Nokia HSL papel in El Torlet. Ok. So, also, I'm here, Alienion, saying, E-Rail, Bonu and Cuba. Consolving into interpretations also take this to me. I want to pull into you, but I never want to pull into you again. Audio tapes are being examined by Rick Sanchez of Channel 7 at the moment. Asked this a little effect of playing meeting between Alienion and his grandma, Maz, Gene O'Lawfland's head shall try to make both sides comfortable in her home, which has a long driveway and electric gate and several bathrooms. Lazaro Gonzalez is brother Delphan, niece Mary Laces, and the restaurant Regas, Reckl's have sister L also be there and could help the boy feel more comfortable if necessary he said. We just want to be with Alienion, Reckl Rodriguez, Alienion's maternal grandmother said in Washington. We want to talk to him and maybe give him a little Emotium D. Spencer, I, the mommy, relative of the lady attorney, had this comment, and then on this page they're like 25 words in Hebrew, which I wish we had television, but we don't. What I'd say. Oh, boy! As the world watches, Alienion's next problem with his plan for 325, this afternoon. All right, excellent job, whoever came up with that. It says, by the way, staff writer Vanessa, Maozza, Kanchita, Alonzo Miguel, our quest, can prove to nothing for this report. Thank you. Lovely job. Where we go next here is the comedy continues in his town. Here's a wrong line. Here's Sunrise. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. It's Eric O'Ritz state auto and son of a, are you doing? Okay. I just wanted to comment on the, the panter's came out and like, you know, I am going tonight. And I love the panters. I love them ever since they started here. Yeah. And you're right. They don't get their fair share. I mean, you can even look in the sports page today. I mean, you know, they got this big game and there's nothing even on the front page. Thanks to the front page, show down the Devils and the Panthers to out his teams in the league. This is the biggest two days. They got to play in affiliate tomorrow night. A huge crossing. And all these people care about is the same old tired crap. This is such a, a horse and buggy town. Yeah, unfortunately it really is. But I just want to let you know I'll be there with those on. Okay. I'll see you there. Bye bye. Okay. Moving right along. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Deal. Yes, sir. Just a little information on the parking situation around. A million house and over here on Miami Beach. These people charge in $500 for the media making big bucks. All right. Great. And those cops out in the airport today, they had to be the same ones to took the picture and got those days autographed. Uh-huh. That's all I got. Okay. Thanks. Yeah, sorry. 5. 5. 6. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 10. 9. 9. 6. 6. 9. 5. 9. 9. 9. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. if we can get people to stay away. What would happen? The kind of, oh, you're first of all, have to do with the early-time gun violence. Yeah, I think that it would stop the next low down, because it'd be pressure on these people to stop. Uh-huh. Maybe? No. It's better than blocking stuff. No. No. I thought it was correct. No. Finally, I left all of that. OK. No. 560505050, PAN5060, on the AT&T&T. I mean, when you want to get some good RO's going to pull you, won't work out a real good RO's thought and die. You got to go down the Kali Oshi. I don't go there myself, because it's for me. No, of course not. It's got nothing to do with me, plus I don't wear my guava jersey, or not that fat. Let's do a bokeh, hello. Any new? Yes, sir. Let's stop about alienation for a minute and talk about something important. What is that? The Swiss Guard at the Vatican. Yeah. I've got a Italian USA newspaper. Take a fact in the prayer. Yeah. You've got a year that you're going to love it. OK. They're basically it's an article describing who they are and their history and everything. And then down here, you're going to be out there. Well, the outfits, by the way. Oh, yeah. They said the plops leave with Nicarboccer striped red, blue, and yellow, and they stand on either side of the Basilica, guarding the gates in the Vatican City. Right. OK. Here are some of the things that they have to know. They must be Roman Catholics unmarried between 18 and 25 years of age. Right. They also must be very good looking. Very hot. Like the estate police, like the Kali Beneer, they're also very good looking in Italy. Right. Eventually they're supposed to be over 1.74 meters tall. Yeah. But now they're going to be on the street. How many inches long did this say? Because they're paying for their measure up to the pole of standards. Is what I'm saying? Oh, yeah. Here you go. That's coming. Hold on. So to speak. You're so to speak. You're a great sport. Their pay is very not very high equivalent to about $1,000 per month. Payed in Swiss francs, but they're given full board and lodging. Every year on May 6th, the anniversary of the sack of Rome, the Swiss-Compark of Sackers, Schmett, to me, but anyway. The Swiss cars renew their vows of allegiance in the courtyard of sin, the Masso, inside of attic, and in the colorful ceremony, the new recruits have to kneel down, raise three fingers of their right hand, to symbolize the Trinity, and swear to serve the Pope to the death. Yeah. And what do they put those fingers around by the answer? I love you so I just thought you'd get a charge out of that and get off that Leon for two nights for the good news. You're right. No, Sackers in the church. Not a one. Adios, Submit. Adios. Five. Five six, seven, five, sixteen, pond five, sixteen. See, those are new people out there that can't handle the truth. I feel sorry for you know. You live in La La Land and everything's been brainwashing and you just, you know, I mean, this laugh at it, that's all I don't have to take it so seriously. It's ridiculous. Yeah, I'm a face of it. It's lunacy. All these people dressed up in these stupid little outfits, all these bags. See, when they get upset is when bags come on the street and they dress up and dress and they say that they're fags, then they get upset. But if they dress up and they say that like religious stuff, oh yeah, well, that's great. He's making fun of our religion. Yeah. Absolutely. 22 before noon at 5. 60 WQAM. You got the stickier, screw in the red light. Don't worry. It's not going to be a break. In the 50's Robert Young made people laugh and father knows best. Now, this great series is back, starring a few Catholic priests who like it young in the return of father knows best. Step into the confession or Billy. I don't know, Father. This makes the 47th time I've been in there this week. Oh, Billy, I want to be a good Catholic don't you? Yeah, but does everybody get a spanking? Father knows best. It's the Vatican's best kept secret and you've got a private sea for all the fun. Just enter the rectory from the rear. Alright, Billy boy, each time for your flute lesson, but father, your flute has only one wall and it doesn't make it annoying. Oh, here's where you'll be, Billy. It will. Father knows best. Once you've seen this new sitcom, you'll wonder why you've never heard about it. Let me introduce you to Shane Peter. Father knows that. Going to church may not seem very entertaining, but there really is something funny going on here. And of course, we all know what that the Vatican is all about. The gate clipped you more on. 17 to load. Here's a facts reminder. I did see that show by the way, in Fat Monica. I would Larry, a hockey hero, a Jenny Craig B.A. and Sir Bull Cramp. One of the things she said to me, that show according to this facts, was I've learned not to put things in my mouth that are bad for me. Scored, Scored? Well, maybe she was promoting that new song she's come out with a record. To the tune of Bethesda, my pillow by little lantern in the Imperials. Come stings on my blue dress. 16 till noon at 560 WQM 560 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's land 10, hello. Hey Neil, I'm sorry. Great. I wanted to comment on something I heard a little earlier that guy was talking about the game who was caught on video killing his wife. Right. I like that video too. I like that video too. I like that video too. I like that video too. Kind of goes like that. So I just had an amazing thought with this game show, crazy. It's been going on. I thought maybe I could do something with the guys I'm not deaf row and call it a one to win a million jolts or million colts. And see if we got any kind of ratings. OK, we'll work on it. We're getting together with Bob from FPNL. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's my N.E. hello. OK. Good morning. And just wanted to be begging for alien to stay because since you are in touch and creature ratings so much, but running Q1 of down, you should be begging for him to stay longer. Good afternoon. Running Q1 is down. What am I saying running Q1 is down? We're talking about 200 people with bad teeth. No, I mean, they've represented all the Q1. Yeah, but you keep the time to hold these people. I mean, then I just talking about 200 Q1s, but generally speaking about holobost and being. I'm not speaking about all of you. In fact, I've been begging for P. So you don't want to have a discussion what you want to do is take a shot with me because I'm expressing something you disagree with. No, not really. Not at all. I thought it sounds like to me. No, because you have to be. And when you ask you this, anything else that's going on in this town, whether has to do with Q1s or not, do I always talk about it or whatever it might be? That's what they show us all about. I didn't invent alien. I didn't find in there in a rubber or a rat. I didn't invent this story. I have nothing to do with it. OK, can I make a point? I'm listening. When you handle because I listen to you, I like your children. When you talk about the problem that was you have a, I mean, a dice don't. When the black community started calling angley, are you, then you really changed the tool and then that was that. And they changed my cool and never changed my thing about anything. No, I absolutely did not. No, I did not. I paid the time for anything. All the time. So I did not. And then you know, I did not. In fact, I'm the only person in this town. I said that if somebody wants to exclude Polish people or black people or Jews or anybody else, and he's in business, why does she need to be able to do? I actually did that to everyone I said. I don't panoramic. I don't panoramic. I don't panoramic. I don't panoramic to anybody. I'm not hanging up. I'm listening to your full draft. OK, see, see, see if they can do so first on a one that is like you're not taking a personal off or radio show on a personal. I was just flustered and like, you know, I'll see the, the, I don't do it for more about gennerino being a list. Yeah, yeah, yeah, there we go. See that always come see your so typical man, your pathetic, your pathetic. Like I'm some big fan of jennerine. Oh, no. You're so full of crap, man. You can smell it. See the better that loose tire rear that alien cut loose last night. I mean, you can smell it. Always got to make a personal attack because I'm saying things that you can't deal with because you're an emotional cripple. How many times yesterday did I dig? I'm still today I said it again. The reasonable Cuban, who don't want to be represented by these 200 toothless losers down there, I'm begging for them to call them, express whatever they think about this. They won't call it. And all you want to do is call here and make me shot at me and start again with a homophobic bull crap and jennerino's a dyke and you're a mad at calling. Same old stuff. Faggot. God. Why don't you guys just get with a program, okay, like they do in southern Italy, okay? Just go with a flow if you like it do it and stop pretending to be a so macho. You're not fooling me, okay? I've been around to black too many times. I know what you guys are all about. You're not fooling me. You can put on a big macho machismo. You're a girl friend and of course your boyfriend is no differently. Stop trying to kid us, okay? You're not fooling anybody, are you? No. No. Oh yeah, because jennerino's a lesbian and also I'm probably a communist too. Yeah, communist. What we do that. How you like that? I had a dump it and George didn't even hear it. So freaking radio show. I had a dump by a saw. Oh. I didn't have an R in there by still the way it sounded. It was F-R-U. I didn't like the way it sounded. Just a goddamn radio show. Like I said, if you got, I'm taking it so personally. I couldn't give a crap less. Like when somebody calls you my account, do I take it personally? I just laugh at what a jackass they are and take my money all the way to the bank like I did yesterday. Man, oh man. I'm not gonna fight it because for years and years I've never gonna change. I've been begging and begging for those people they will not talk to me. They don't want to say they pretend. Just like this guy likes my show. He likes the show but not a call. Not a call, not a call. Get a read on my account. You know, you're not fooling me. Pal, I can't by the way. Give me more if I need a big kiss for me. Right on his sorpy. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Call about the L-E-A-K-A-F-O-M-W-I-I. I don't think that's good. But you sound like you have a sock over your phone. Sounds very muffled. Oh, because I'm a fake phone. Oh, bad phone. Yeah, I'm true. But now. Yeah. I don't think this issue should ever include cash to the US government. This is the issue with the father and the son. I didn't know that because- How did it not include the US government when we're talking about an immigration case when somebody floated up in a rubber raft? How could it not include the government? Who's going to put it? Well, I mean Congress, I'm sorry, I'm a tenant. I'm thought the iron cap. Well, first not. The iron has made the decision. Right. The son has a father that is no issue there. All right. Just do it. Just do it and get it over with. The iron has to do it. You must say they made what they did into this idea. Right. That's right. They've let this fester like a bad oozing sore. Exactly. I didn't know- And what do you think is going to happen if they do send them back? Which most people leave, let's go to happen. What do you think is going to happen here? Riot. And that that's the thing that really gets me to see the Cuban come out with you here. They talk about, you know, libertad. Libertad. And yet they want to know about foster care. Yeah. Riot. And you know, this is unbelievable. It is unacceptable. Okay. Fine. Good phone. 5605060. Did I change my tune about on a cool about the title? And of course not. It's only the Cuban's I want to pick on. Like I invented this story. I can't even think about the cost guard. And I'm invading all this coverage non-stop hour after hour on the TV channels on 467 and 10. And there it is again on 467 and 10. Yeah, blame the messenger, okay? Because you don't like what's going on in the public's attitude toward. And let me say it again 90 percent of the people all over the country think to get and let's go back and let's go now with our lives. And let's take care of important things. And no matter where this kid winds up, aside from all the psychological armies being done by these kidnappers here, aside from that and being in the middle of all this, he'll wind up doing just fine. He'll be well taken care of. Here's a call from DC, hello. Uh, yeah, first of all, I have two points, but first of all, I congratulate your station manager on the wonderful phone system. Second thing is that, uh, when we are station manager and then I have to call these a buffalo. Yeah, anyways, uh, the, uh, I want to ask questions about when the media is going to focus on this, uh, Iliano, uh, Miami family, which is an uneducated criminal background. They're not. They're not. They're not. They're yesterday. There's a nice article there in New Times. It's got a lot of information in it. And the mainstream media won't touch it with a hot, Tamali. Exactly. And then the fact is that if this boy goes back, he's going to have a great life. Right. If he stays here, they can probably be sitting on the short right next to the delar, and then the, the, the problem is here if he does stay here, he stays with his family in Miami, which is not educated. Exactly. The, the, he's a end of getting a million dollars for movie rights, and he's end up a criminal wife feeding homophobic in 10 years. It's not the problem to be. And then the last thing I have for you is, uh, uh, touching back on a Catholic church and what it, it's just the one big closet. And then he's, love you more on. Yeah. Exactly. And I have it yourself a good day. And I'm also better. You want to say go have yourself. We have an open line on the out of town line 877756345. I can't believe I had a dump myself before I said crap or something like that. If, uh, Well, it is just an F and radio show. That's all it is. Ah, I said, I thought, both like Janet Reno. And by the way, who always the refers to that way? Isn't that, aren't I the one always? Yeah. See, it just can't deal with it. You can, if you want to have a debate about something you're on a losing side because you don't have any facts. You don't have it in material. I know what I'm saying. I know what I'd be talking about. And of course, I'd be. Damn God. So don't mess with me. Here's a mobile and for a lot of Dale. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Great. Just want to say I'm going to the game tonight. Been looking forward to it ever since New Jersey started this run. They've been on. Yeah, they give me the, and I'm so hopefully kicked 11, not other than my hate that team. And I don't have season tickets. I've been to this could be the 73th game. I've been going by and then meet up from the gate or I've had a couple of people who are very tickets for cheap price. Yeah. And for those of you out there who are listening, haven't been to your game. You can't miss two top scoring teams. They each took off and two best records. Yeah. And this is the only excitement going on in this town. Besides all this banana. Well, crap. It worked. Yeah. This is the only positive exciting thing going on here. And he's bow Zose out there. They refused to get on it. They're waiting for the playoff. So they can jump on a bad wagon. So they can pretend that they're fans. I know. They're going to be on a barf. And the last thing you know that you go. If this point, who would you give MVP to between Kujo, Yager and Burre? Tom Velberre. No questions about it. Hand down. Hey, let's see you. And all you kids out there. They're playing hooking today around your lunch hour. You tell your kids that want to go to the Panther game tonight. I'm going to run away from home or something like that. Or I'm going to crap on that living room floor. All you kids out there. You tell mommy and daddy. Take me to that Panther game tonight. There's 5,000 unsolved tickets. Mortgage the housing and give me some goddamn stuff up there tonight. God, Dennis. All these deadheads. Oh, but it's a week night and it's not at a right time. And it's not just in the right place. A town of in session excuses. They got an excuse for everything here. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, near. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. So what you think about the Haitian community? What do you think about them? I'm a big part. What do you think about the Haitian community? I don't. They sold baseballs too tight. I'm not thinking about Cuba. That's all I just said. The Haitians don't sell baseballs. Haitians so baseball. Are you Haitian? Yes. And I wanted to talk about my people. Yeah, you want to talk about your people or the phony accent like this. Talk to somebody else or the phony accent like that about your people. Don't do it, to me. 5, 6, 7, oh. Did you hear what he said? Oh, yeah. He's not kidding me. Takes one and no one sweetheart. Cockle-hole. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. I love the people with a phony accent. Those are the ones that really impressed me. You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I'm not. Yeah. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi. I was just thinking, I remember they, uh, sort of line with the person you're calling about the, uh, fully cutting the Kelly-Ocho earlier. Yeah. And, uh, the line I remember is, uh, never are you with an idiot. They drag you down to their level and beat you with experience. Yeah. I thought that'd be a good one. What, what does that mean? And they're going to respond to why? Well, just, uh, talking about, uh, protesting something that they're doing. It would be just like doing the same thing they're doing and they'll come back and do it. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I mean, I'm even a while you responded to find her come over the response. It was idiotic on the face of it. What is the Kelly-Ocho face? We'll have to deal with this. No, like I said, and I'm going to say it again, 99 and 9, 10% of the people who go to the Kelly-Ocho face. They'll, are involved in all this stuff that's going on right now. So what, what is she talking about? Yeah, I haven't heard of it. Like I said, that's just all I could think of. Okay. Well, I'm sorry. 560, 50560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. You have no idea how sorry. It's, uh, I love him 55 at 560 QAM. This is 560 QAM. The Neil Roger show's to support radio. 560's. QAM. And what's the radio five? Me. Don't you think it's a good party day. Oh, I'm tummy from high tummy. Dang for the best high food and the best service. As long as you're not black, Command down to high tummy or something. We're in all like black people. They don't keep well. Besides, white black people are doing high food anyway. We don't have bright chicken on the menu. Oh, wait. I forget. We have a spare ribs. Good thing. I come on. How does that work on menu? Hey, tell me. So, if you're not black, Command down to high tummy. Come to think of it. So, damn, gay people. We're not like them either. Should they take food? But they talk too loud with funny lips. They serve other customers. Not come back. So, no gay, no black. And while we're at it, Ladder people. You make reservation for 17. Don't show up at 820 and it's for you, table. We give to somebody else already. Ladder people are always late. No black, no gay, no latte and Thai tummy. And George people, you start figuring all of you. Who can't who have what? Pay with an angle. Set a upside. Take 45 minutes. Time to divide up bill. We ain't all want you here. No Jew, no black, no fact, no cubit. And white people, you think you better than everybody else. Come play too much if we don't teach your eyes. You all know come back. No white, no black, no Jew, no Latino, no gay. Everybody else, but a best Thai food. Come on, doctor, take mommy. On the beach. Harry, before we have to close. Yeah, you should change your cool on ed, didn't you? No. Yeah. But an answer like I was. And I hate to break the news to you. Sir, just like they're going to get out with a funny voice. What do you think about the Haitians? I can't live on that level. I don't live my life on that level. How many billions of times do I have to keep repeating? Unlike most of you who are more on, I don't deal with people as part of a group. Oh, well, the Cubans are like this and the Haitians are in the Jews are this and the fact, I deal with people as individuals. If they're nice people, fine. I like them. If they're assholes, I don't like them. That's all. There's good Cubans. There's asshole Cubans. There's good Haitians. Yeah, some. Arthur? No, no, seriously. I mean, that's just the way the real world is. And so many of you people are here. You're in your little category. Your professional Cubans. Professional Jews. Professional ethnic. Whatever ahead you are. Like that schmoth ahead. There were the Spencer I spent your, what's his name? Oh, fucking my say. I can't live my life that way. I feel it's tragic. Tragedy. I have to try to do a show in the disgusting either humor or serious ring between with people who whose whole lives are based around that crap, like the one-old or crap about a boycott in Caio, show. We're going to get even my ass Cubans. And I said, do I do you go? No, well, okay. Don't go. I don't either. And I'll continue not to go. Okay, great. God. Stupid. Stupid. Uh. How come I got the wrong guy named Cardinare? Exactly. How's that lawsuit coming? Yeah. How's that lawsuit coming, by the way? Here's the mobile in Miami, hello. Neo. Yes, sir. Neo, I was a reason I had to be put on quick, because I'm a middle school teacher over here in Liberty City. I'm Cuban. I'm Cuban. I was born here in my parents, but Cuban. And I want to let everybody out there know that no, we are not like that. I mean, that's like exactly like you say 200, 200, Jerry Springer rejects looking for their time to shine on TV. That's right. That's, that's one of the, they all those people rejected from Jerry Springer audition. That's how they got together in the first place. Okay. I, I, I might be put my parents, my family, everyone I know. I am so grateful to be in this country. I look at the people on Cuban. I'm like, this is what I want. This is what I want to be. And if it were for the United States, I wouldn't be driving in my truck right now. We're talking to you on my cell phone. Right. So do I love the United States? I adore it. But I'm tired of these Cuban trying to make everyone look pathetic. Because that's what they look like. But, setting. If you look closely on TV, look at the type of people holding on traffic. Come back. Come back. That's exactly right. That's the one I'm scared of. I'm scared of you. I'm a teacher in a middle school. One of the worst schools in Liberty City, you know. I, I rather than I say the name because I'm at lunch. Right. I know. I got a bus. I got a bus. My ass. I need 13 year olds. You know, hey, listen. They're good and bad in every race. Right. I got to break it down. Listen, are you no bad, blind people? Oh, how are we doing? You know, good ones? There you go. You know, this back Cuban is in there. Good ones too. But please, every listener out there, do not think that Cubans are like the smart you're looking at on TV. We are not all like that. Thank you for your power. Thank you, Neil. You're a good show man. And I like, you know, hey, just good people. Bad people. Good facts. Bad facts. There you go. That's the end of the time. Right. I just put some buzzer by the way they are. Bad people. Okay. Ask the K your me. See, yeah. You must be one of the good things. He's one of the good. He didn't say he was a you. Well, I'm, I'm the, oh, I am the good fairy. Well, everybody know what don't everybody know that. Good fairy as opposed to the evil fairy. What the hell difference does it make all the way. Everybody's got a car. See, this is the only way. Very insecure people can deal with other people is if they can put them in some kind of a compartment if they can label them. Oh, well, this one's a German. Woo, woo, woo, woo. And this one's a Dutchman and this one is a Russian and this one's a Faggot. And this one he's Greek or he likes Greek or whatever it is. It's like that. People who live their lives like that, they're our cheap bunkers. That's all they are. And believe me, you don't have to look and talk like, uh, Archie Bunker to be one because there's millions and millions of you. Archie Bunkers all over the place. Just like that woman with her boy cutting a kai kali Ochi. Or whatever else he was talking about. It's you, Bicci. Here is the Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, how are you? Great. I'm glad you're a major problem. Turn that to be a minor problem. Yes, me too. Yes, sir. I am a true hockey fan. I'm the kind of guy who will watch ESPN 2 at 11 o'clock. Right. And I would love to go to tonight's game. But I'm a quarter owner in season tickets. I'm in section 401, row nine. Nice tickets right. I've set her eyes. Right. It cost me $1200 to go to a quarter share. $1500. Yeah. $35. It's a ticket. Right. Okay. The reason I'm not going tonight or don't have full season tickets. Surely price. Right. Or us die hard hockey fan. Well, I understand that. But you think I would think that people who pick and choose and not talking about you, because you obviously got it portioned out. But people who pick and choose like a game here in a game there, that this would definitely be a game if they knew anything about it, that they would want to come to. I just don't get it. And you see, part of the problem is that you're not going to have like we did on Saturday with a boss and with a game. Because you had like a couple thousand Bruins fans or like with a least game we had two or three thousand least fans, including me. But there are no devil's fans. Even in Jersey, there's no devil's fan. So we can't count on those people to make it look a little bit better tonight. So we're, you know, strictly counting on Panther fans and they're just starting off. Right. Well, the Jersey fan to Ranger fans. Right. Thank you. I appreciate it. Okay. I'm a great day. Let's fill that goddamn place up tonight. We're going to fill it up. Jesus Christ. You people. God. Break my heart. It's just it just tears my guts up to live in a place to live and have to work in a place. Although I'm making a lot of money. That's the only reason I'm here. Were you, I mean, you, something good, something great. We don't know from that. You're just unwilling. You're unyielding. All funny studies. Just like this damn thing going on there with this little kid. Same old tired repetitious swill. This town is caught in the goddamn time work. I bet you'll find James Darren in the middle of that hole. Do you know over there in the time tunnel? Seriously, we're in a time warp. We can't get out of it. Just take a look at those old farts there with their rotten God name yellow teeth. Forget about 40 years ago. They're like from 4,000 years ago. Those people are cretons. They're knee and those those with bad teeth. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. You do it. Great. I enjoy your show. Exactly. And I want to say something else. I've heard the last guy, the last caller. He was trying to explain about the Cuban. I probably had grief with some reason with him. But for a lot of reason, I don't agree. If I look at Cuba after years and years that I won the last country, he's been a communist. And they are like a lot of Cuban in Miami trying to make none common sense about that little boy with family value issue. And if this is the way they're going to solve their problem with this small thing, I'm just thinking about those big things that Council have been doing for years. They're like cats here in Miami just screaming from so far away. But you know, that kind of called a teacher. He's right. I don't think these people just kiss the ground that they're hearing. Just give it up and give it a rest. Forget about also the bull crap and let us all go along with our lives. And stop trying to trap us in their misery and an anguish and the living in the past. Right. Nothing worse than people who live in the past. So why they don't seek up here in Miami. I guess those 300 for about, we just just had one. Maybe that's a start. Okay. Neil. Have a good work. I'm so good. Just this one time, K. I'll let you ask me about my business. What's the answer, Michael? No. Okay. 560, 505, 60. Yeah, I was in the olive oil business with his father. I didn't know no God, father. It was between the brothers. Just like I'm guiding light where they've got the witness there. And whatever it helps you was the maid or whoever she is, they got the witness. And Carmen says, I'm going to make you an offer. You can't refuse, bitch. And chose to pick your little kid. Uh-oh, it's like a little subtle hint in there like, you're still alive again. You better spill the beans right away. I'm telling it. And thank God. Yesterday we got to see guiding light from beginning to end. Oh, no. We had one hawkins thing as well. We need them all happy day. No more interrupt. Of course today you do realize that, uh, which has dawned on me. That whole sentence is going on for our clock. Is there any chance we're going to see our shows going between, No. No. That's not a ghost. Now you people are 4, 6, 7, and 10. Most of you should rot. You should rot. If there's a special place in hell for obnoxious disgusting scumbags, you'll be there together. Except for Todd Tong and Don No, Bob we've her Bob Mayor Bob Soper. Um, anybody else we like? Uh, that's it. 10 pass no. That's 5. 60 W to Q. Well, they won't be on on watches and the weather fairies. They won't be down there. They can't keep them down at block. They'll be flitting up above. The sports leader. We have the lead. Sports radio 5. 60. 2. 1. 1. 1. 2. 1. 1. 1. 1. 3. 3. 1. 3. 5. 4. 1. 1. The man was wrong to him. He's welcome back. He's a hundred days out all the night. The crystal breaks when he's still alive. He's still okay. He's a book and won't dull away. He's still down. He's baby proof. So he ain't got his dad's dead and shoes. And Johnny, you believe in business, because he was feeling it's being alive. Seeing him alive. Nothing is weird is being in him. If he's ready to see you alive, seeing him alive. Seeing him alive. Huh? Huh? Seeing him alive. Seeing him alive. Seeing him alive. Seeing him alive. Seeing him alive. Just got a bullet in here. It's a this is shocking. The video that we've been seeing from Ali on playing at home. You know, back in Cuba, with his appearance is all there. The stuff is toys. It's like the alien autopsy. On Fox. Remember that? How do you spell it by the way? Alien autopsy? Yeah, it's right. It's a fake. That kind of call yesterday. It was right. Oh, he really wasn't living with his father. He was just made up for companies to propaganda. Right? No. 560560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, while he was on the show. Some of you out there have been so brainwashed. It's like the religious thing. I understand that you got a problem because it's very difficult when somebody keeps feeding all this bullshit over the years. But you got to find a break away from that. And find a real life and just get away from all that old troll crap. Don't pay any attention to old trolls unless it's me. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, deal. Listen, I was a serial troll. Yes, sir. Listen, I'm a Cuban. I live in Miami. Yes, and I love to hear all these people calling in and you know, an criticizing the Cuban people. You know, it's not all Cuba's think the same. Who? Nester, how many times can I say that? They're not criticizing all the Cuban people. And the people I don't like humans, of course. They're going to say that because they're big. It's anyway. Right. Right. How many times have I ripped her ass already? Oh, yeah. I ripped her a big fat back home. She deserves it. Yeah, because bitch. I just become a circus. You know, between the killers who are the same. Like Rodney King said, why can't we all just get along? Yeah, you're right. Right. You know, and I was saying that. You know, what is it? I hope they stopped it already because they've become a big circus. Right. Like today. Yep. Even Ringling brothers, the circus has to close up and go somewhere else. Have a great day, amigo. Bye. I'll leave it there. See, there you go. He don't give a crap. Just get it over with. That's what reasonable people say. Get it over with. Stop it. So pop. We want to see our favorite soap operas. Not this soap. This is a bad soap opera. At least our miceaued poppers. A lot of the people look good. They got good teeth. God. I mean, who the hell wants to look every day at these disgusting trolls, man? The cigar store Indians with those rotting yellow teeth. Jesus Christ. Here's a mobile and dear field. I'll almost set it again. Hello. And you know what I can do? Yes, sir. Yeah. I got a couple of points actually. One is all the people that had told me that they think this little boy should go back or even half of them said, told me that these people wish you go back. Yeah. I'd call their senator. And this boy would be back by now. I'd call the one of my friends. Call him and ask you this. Why should this Senate be involved in this in the first place? They should have got to do with it. They shouldn't. Dejan of people that we are at. Dejan of people that we put into office. Yeah. They care a problem that we have. So if you voice your opinion, you know, if I think if they're going to call our senators or congressmen, they shouldn't tell me should stay or go back. Tell them, let the INS in the government deal with it. Yeah. I'm not the congressman. This is not a matter for congress to be grandstanding. Absolutely right. He'd they should call the congressmen. They should call their senators. They stay out of it. They have no business in it. Right. You don't say out of it. You need my work. And that's the field. Call your senator. We're counting back to the county. He's a lame duck anyway. So he doesn't get a drill in the cellion as well as the stew. So it's just pathetic. It's a little boy thing. You. And this way. And that's pretty much it. I'm out on the. Okay. Have a great day. Yeah. It's like it's like remember that thing to boy in the bubble. The kid that had the disease at the time. He had him move beyond the television. Which I think John Revolta was an ad by the way. Oh, speaking of. He's a Scientologist. You know, but anyway. And that's what this kid is like. He's like a boy in the bubble. And everybody's looking at every time he farts every time he's playing with little dog every time he's out there with his boyfriend in the yard. I shouldn't have said that with little playmate. You know, leave the kid alone. Stop on the crap and they're so terrified that they. Anybody get them out of their hands out of their grasp out of their brain washing out of their clutches for one second. That's so obvious. If you're so confident that he's going to have a better life here. And he wants to see here so bad. Why not the be confident that, you know, that's what's going to happen. But they're scared, crap. It's shmitless that somebody's going to say to him, hey, by the way, all this brain washing him and goes through it's a pile out of our shmit. And he'll say, here's four miles. Hello. Yeah, the guy said he paid $12 for tickets. Why didn't you just buy two pounds of weeds. They could hold them washed the game. Yeah. Uh-huh. Hey, you're done. You call it the poor Charlotte. Yes. I got a question if I've ever got any good calls from here. Oh, good for you. Yes. How come are you never seeing any really dark cubins in Miami? How did it fall? Margar. I'd never seen it like on TV. The two of you feel like really dark cubins in black ones. But those are the only ones that left behind. Okay. And another question. But you do understand that, don't you? What said? They left them behind. Are cubins racist? They don't. Oh, are cubins racist? Is the Pope Jewish Jesus Christ? I didn't know. I mean, that's because I didn't even knew there were dark cubins. So I was watching the thing. If you know black cubins come over on the rafs, he also, we don't know who those people are. They don't know them from my Adam. They're slow, right, Jericho. They can't. They think they look like Haitians to us. They're throwing baseballs at him. I guess either to rewind or just to get him a hell out of here. Hey, I remember during a Clinton trial, the Republican party were saying, the case trials, yes. We got a solid rule of law. Oh, yeah. Rule of law that. And now the law was already made that, you know, he's supposed to go back and every time. That before after Henry Hide was having a affair with that married woman. I mean, he was at the before after Dan Burton had that illegitimate kid. Yeah. That really, really too faithful people. Yeah. Okay, yeah. I'm going to go fight the champ right now. All right. What was the guy from he was hearing who's like the speaker of the house for five minutes. The head of the design on the day that they were having hearings that that morning, Bob, Bob, Bob, Lou, Bob. Oh, uh, uh, uh, he's still there. Oh, grab Bob, bar, not living to fire. She's Bob, living to break good, George. That chair for George. Bob, living to. I presume. Yeah, Mr. Living to my presume. Oh, he's another one for landering a piece of terror. Don't do as I do. Do as I say. I mean, affected. Why can't anybody in the media just tell it like it is like I'm the only one? Who the president is dittled with as long as they're concerning adults isn't anybody's business. She was young. She was a sluck. She was not only a willing participant. She was a, uh, anxious, hot to try with the presidential need pad. This fat bitch. And you show me a guy his age. What is he like 54 for 52? Whatever the hell, uh, Bob is. Who don't want to hop on some hot young, uh, 21 year old and I'll show you some fat. I don't mind hopping with some 21 year old, but not no bitch. What are we talking about here? Oh, and it's disgraceful. And if brought the country, it didn't do crap. The only thing that brought the country down is we had to waste all those millions of dollars to pass a by can star and all his right wing, uh, manipulators. Richard Melon's Schaif, which makes me chafed just thinking about that goddamn name. Oh, another finally story, you know, maybe Hillary had a point. Maybe it was kind of a right wing conspiracy. It was just maybe they were out to get his ass like that some kind of a bulletin. Not see bastard. Just Bob, Bob, a little mustache. God Hitler would be proud of that son of a bitch. I'll tell you that. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, you doing now? Pretty good sir. Second time, core. I was like the nonio. What happened to these processes that create all this havoc and traffic jam? So I drive for 11 or around the area. Yeah, God, that's out of my amy. I'm up here for what was what? Thank God. But I don't know how these people deal with it. What happens to them when they get arrested? They get, you know, they put them in there for like five minutes and then the hot shot attorney comes and gets him out and they go home. And they're trying to make a kind of a con you call and says, be sure and treat him. I didn't give him a couple of, maybe you know, chasing what him out. Maybe we should put him like other three strikes system if it'll blow him in his country. We send them back. Or maybe we should put him on a rubber raft. Sounds good with me. We'll just send it. This rat goes both ways. Let's have an alien. Just like we'll just send it right back to Cuba and we get a mole board. Okay. I'll even teach you. Good luck, pal. There's a guy that's got a driver living in his town. Oh, why sympathize with those of you guys? Oh, man, how can you do it? How can you do it? And of course, another reason we want this to get over with real fast is because then whatever is going to happen will happen. We'll just crawl onto the bed and hang on for a day or two and then go on a blind. Because you just know that this Joseba Sulto, I'm going to say it again. He belongs when they make the decision they're around these people up. I'm not saying, you know, I'll put him in camp or something like that. All right, that's not a bad idea. I'll put round him up and just take him and put him away. Just he can and for a couple of days so that life can go on again. So they can't orchestrate some kind of civil grotesque crack going on here again. And haven't all these been people been saying, I thought I believe in heaven. They all said, we just wanted to have his day in court. We want to follow the law and then we're willing to abide by the decision. Does anybody believe that? No, no. Of course not. We just want to we just want that to happen as long as we get our way. That's the message. It's just like Libra taught as long as you say what that we like. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. I know how you're doing. Great. I just want to let all the Julios in Miami understand that I'm a 45 year resident of Miami. And I can tell them that they have turned this down into the biggest toilet in the world. All of Julios have done that. Yep. Okay. We'll see you. How you like that, George? You better start taking the course of your broad not anyway. What? I have no idea. I don't listen to the answers like that. I'm not interested. I'm not interested in listening to you. And then I'll get the calls. Oh, well, you know, you let people, I don't let them do it. There's a classic example of that. I don't want to talk to the answers like that. Now, if he wants to say about the eldest element of people and what they're doing to this town and making us a disgrace, of course, that's true. But he just wants to make a blanket statement because he's a big, a period plain and simple. All the Julios. So the Puerto Ricans are doing it and the Guadamalans and the Nicaraguan and the Mexican's all five of them. And whoever else we got here to prevent us from aliens, the Colombians. Oh, he's right about that. How about the people from all the Republic of the Dominican? Oh, I actually say it again. I love saying that. I'm Republic of the Dominican. Yeah. So I want to go there. No. From what I hear. I'm not too crazy about my kind down there. It's a 25 pass noon at 5.50 WCOM. I just don't have time for assholes like you, sir. And maybe the fact that people like you've been here for 45 years, maybe if you get on your high horse or my other town, maybe that might improve things. What hell of a lot? Yeah. With your knee and your thought attitude. It's about day. They, what did I just get through talking about 20 minutes ago? About people like this guy who deal with labels on everybody else. Let me see it again. Some of those Colombians, man. Hmm. Hey, Captain, knows this. Oh, oh, oh, oh. It is. So the last K-M. We've nice only on SportsRidio 5.50. K-M. And beat that Gator Me. M-TV presents. Nineteenails, unplugged. I want a B-B-U-L-I-G-N-M-O. Damn it, this thing's not on. I don't know. I don't know. That's it. I want a B-B-U-L-I-G-N-O. Damn it, this thing's not on. I'll come this isn't working. Oh, shit, shit. You knocked over my bonge. Nineteenails, unplugged. Only on M-TV. Isn't that what the blood-hog gang says in that song? I want to f**k you like an animal? Like a zebra? Something like that. Anyway, I think I said that before. Nineteenails are something very close to that. We had a dump myself. But that's bad. Here's a minibee, chillo. Me, yeah. Yes, sir. Let's be farther. I've not sinned in over a week. Yeah. Ready for any excitement over there today, sir? I see we're going to have a car radio for another two years here. Yeah, that's right. They said that in a way Jose, we can't have it early election to get him out. Because whoever follows him could be a lot worse and more dangerous. So that might not be so bad. Well, the other two of that we're trying to get him out. And no better than years. Just cook from the getter. So he thinks that this is going to stop attempted to destabilize the city according to his quotes. I get no shame. You're going to be destabilized in big fashion pretty soon. Because they've been screwing around with pension funds. Or watch out for that law. Good. Throw the house and all and jail together. That might not be enough. I think we should start a campaign. If we got to have a radio for Mayer, we should start a campaign for George Rodriguez. Okay, there you go. Have a good day. See, he said there's not enough grass in it. 5.6705. Or even the charge of the airport graph. That sounds good. We got 29 million things start with. No problem. If you can find it. Here's the other timeline. By the way, that's the one that's open. 877-875-877-775-63345. People around the rest of the country are looking on all this stuff and won. Yeah. Right in their parts and wonder, what is going on down there again? What's going on down there again? Again. Again and again. You did the goddamn Cuban baseball team or it's the most band band or it's the goddamn Coast Guard or it's this poor little goddamn kid or it's some other historical crap. Always the same stuff. I'd like to know. Besides the weather, which, like I said, the other day generally speaking is pretty good most of the time. It's very compared to all the snow and freezing the rest off of North Right now. Other than that, and the hockey game tonight, what other positive things we got going on here? May me 200 right now. Next five seconds. Come on. Let's go. Times up. I mean, what's, what's, what's, it's no great that's going on here. Let's leave it. Yeah, right. To flea market. Exactly. That's one of the, and the fact that the Sagress Mills Mall, which do I ever go there, almost never. The fact that that's the number two tourist destination in the state of Florida. What did that tell you about this place? Here I'm on the first thing that I talk about national airlines starts tomorrow. My name is Vegas twice a day every day of the week for an expensive grade 757. I shouldn't say great, but the better the life 727. And we got to go to Vegas that a good time out there in the middle of the desert 8 million miles away. What is it like? 2,500 miles, it's a long, freaking way. Almost 3,000 miles we got to go to have a good time. And then of course you can go to a Mississippi. No, no. And by the way, message for the audience, don't ever waste your time call me. Tell me about how great it is in the block. I'm not going to Mississippi. No, no. No, it's you don't go to Mississippi. Here's a mobile in Fort Latterdale. There was a whole million. About that one, a couple of try at one time was the good idea. Yes sir. You know, what are your Cuban listeners here? And I got to thank you because today is a great show. And I'm glad that you're really distilling some of the ridiculous thoughts out there about some of the Cuban. The fact is that the majority of us, and I would say the greater majority of us are embarrassed by everything is happening. Right. That's what I've been trying to say, but where are all your launchmen? Where the rest of the Cuban is those closet people? Come out of the closet now. Well, I think this, what happens is that there's a spot that we must all stick together because of the heat of our parents being, you know, thrown out. You know, it's just like the Jews, the Jews, the same way. Oh, we don't want to, you know, if I talk about the Orthodox Jews, the other Jews, which is the majority won't call in and then we respond to it. Well, we don't want to, you know, err, our duty laundry in public. And I think you're exactly right. The bottom of this is a situation that if it's going to be dealt with in the court, let it be dealt in the court. So what if the court decides that we all have to live? Let Ali on be Ali on. Correct. Right. It's just, out of it, it really ridiculous what's happening and have individuals like basult all in the same groups of people that always have the same problems. The barbell is right. They always have to go to the streets and you have to wonder where are these people? Why don't they work? Why do they have lies that they can just stick off the hours and do this? Why aren't they busy at the dentist getting root canals? Exactly. So, you know, you have a good gigantic population out there that we're trying to be good and be respectful to the sacrifice. Okay. Okay. Have a great day, pal. This fall was crap and out there. Don't give me a look like that. It wasn't our phone for a change. It was his, we're not the only ones who crap because but it was a good guy. Nice calling her sir. Oh, God bless you. See, I've been doing this for years. Every time somebody calls, I make it a point to try like that bitch with her Kai Ocho stuff, which I made her fool out of her or she made a fool out of herself or both. And then the guy's been here 45 years. Good. Well, we'll give you a medal, okay. He's been here 45 years. I've been here 24 years and that's so proud of that. I mean, bear us by it. Take the check though. Here's both. Like I said. Winning jackass, whining simple in jackass. Who by the way, I don't identify because he's vanity does exist anymore. Just like the one on the fact machine, also doesn't exist anymore. It must be very, very frustrating. To bed, go find your own fame somewhere else. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Yes sir. That's the very show man. Yes it is. I go with the missing for a long time. You know, I don't think a thing about this whole situation is how corrupt this software places man. Yes. Yes. Incredible. It's very bad. And what I want to say, what does that have to do with poor little alien? You know, the thing is that if you should listen to the Spanish religious church. Well, I'm so sorry. And I'll ask you how you man. And it's incredible man. There they go all kinds of theories. Yeah. As far as I mean, there is just about take Christ out of the cross and put the kids picture in. They said he's the messier. Oh, the messier. Let me see. Right. What are you going to call? And all the things that I was talking with are friend of mine. Oh, we were arguing. What is the guy goes back? I mean, the kick goes back. He turns out to be a great baseball player. Right. They wanted to bring him back to the right. Do the Bahamas. Right on. Joe Cuba. So be right down. And if actually Joe's already given himself a little day of private number just in case. I'm still praying to have been taken out by car for the judges, you know. He's waiting. He could be a great baseball player. The sleeping year. In fact, he six years only could already play for the Marlins. No doubt. He might be better. Sign him up. To mention the dosing. Okay. Okay. We need to go like I said yesterday. We need a good young mobile Cuban quarterback. How come I'm hearing all this? What just happened with this thing? I mean, he's with the overhead. What just happened here? I don't know. Oh. I think this place, whatever that F word is, I think this place is it. We have evidence. As in the past tense with an ED on the enemy. Going along and you know, relatively speaking compared to most days, except for that one little computer fart on the phone. And then all of a sudden it starts to the overhead. And you want it to why? Because they're dick in any other room there. See, this room should be independent of that guy named room. We shouldn't be dependent on the levels for everything it goes on in here. For people touching around that other room. Did there a show going on in there now? No. And if we had anybody like overseeing this guy, then place, there wouldn't be anybody in those rooms in there. I guarantee I can't all the night dick at around in there with the stuff. Probably that fat disgusting Josh Friedman. That pig. That smelly piece of walking turd. That's right. He knows a little mess, but don't you remember she was sitting with her way in the turd? He was the turd part. Yeah. You turd. That's him. God. 600 pounds of head cheese. And then the clearance comes in this morning. And all proud of, oh yeah, how was Carlos come out that he had Josh Friedman go do them. Don't you understand the players that want to see Josh Friedman, clearance, Mr. Assist and program director. They don't want to be anywhere near him. Great. When you said he got to get the nose plugs out to get anywhere near Josh Friedman is what Ray told me. God. In fact, they said, how about those the promos you did? He said, they stuck. Yeah. I think he was talking about the promos a much better about who'd done them. What a place. What a place. Yeah. If we could just have like pictures, we could send out of the crew of misfits we have to represent this place. Oh man. Sure makes me feel a lot better about myself. Here's a mobile info in my quote so are mobile info and lot of deal. Hello. Yeah. Am I on the other hand? Yes sir. It sounds just like you. Hey, listen. You know what really takes me on. What is that? It's these damn politicians. We pay about a quarter of a million dollars a year out of that big money. All the things that we need in this country and this school and around with a damn bill to make an incident as a citizen without an adult. I think this is total. It's a pretty family public and I just don't know. And if you get a crash like Toro Shelley and a few of these other Patrick Kennedy. Oh yeah. I have no idea what that's all about. Even Gore. Yeah. Oh yeah. He scared to say anything. Just send a little kid back to his father. Right. Everybody knows that from international rule. That's what they call family values. And then they get up there in Congress and then we say we're going to legislate. It's just like they're going to legislate the bedroom. They're going to legislate who owns the good lives in another country for free. They come along. Let's get with health care. Let's get with a lot of better schools and things like that. That's what we hired you guys. Hey man. God bless you sir. Have a great day. See you makes sense. But of course these people are too busy. Pandering. Listen to people like him. And me. Yeah. Get just get with the important business and stop sticking your nose in. And bubble was absolutely correct when he says he doesn't want to. The stuff going on and it's really tragic. And the least they should do is wait until a guy then court until a hearing Taste place with a judge before they start sticking their ugly noses in there. And addition to which he's probably going to if they do pass something. He'll be to it anyway. And he'll say no way Jose. And then these people on their own. Clean go on. He's not coming to the air right. See he's then if he doesn't he keeps the guy name and bargle on. Does that satisfy him? No. No. That's not good enough. But if he doesn't do everything that they want. Come on. He's the question to democrat anyway. So there's the Chinaman chances are good to vote for him. Is there no. No. Plus I guess he'll run again. Damn it. Oh yeah. I'd like to ask him in there. He sure is how beats the hot of any of the other alternatives we got on the Wait in the wings now by a long shot by a long shot. Plus can you imagine Al Gore getting ahead in a white house? Oh Jesus. Not even from that tip or bitch. Oh man. Although she did have that little thing in her throat. That's what she said. Twenty-four-one is five-sixty WDQAN. The Panthers host the Red Hot News. Your Exhaust and a final division leaders tonight. Join the new WDQA sensors. Check out the SOR! For the action Panthers bring you start this set. Here on Sports Radio 5-69AN. On the side of my Randy, there's only one Mike Lang and don't forget it. This is a bunch of who. Well now don't you sell me to that. I'm not there Monica thinks that bad. The star of the two suckers didn't know. I hate her big in her rip off. Yeah, who? Who knew? My presidential two foot squirted on you. I'm a Monica. I'm a bold old town. I wrote their voice that real is now. Making her with Monica, Emily and me. I couldn't have picked up that up in both. Feeling patriotic at the back of the cold cold. I'm a old glush nearly chill. Would you stop dying my back fat with all this? I just feel like I only have feelings. Illarist men. I thought about these. They're still wickier, don't worry. If so, if you mind about keeping those in your heart. If you've never been to keep those in your heart. I really can't cope. I'm a president. I'm a president. Not the friggin' post to time is now. When I'm calm and pleased. I like my boobies with cherished and creased. The boys on the field say they may you and beast. All we're getting sucks by that true time and leech. Time to hire a concrete could these legit. If you didn't spit, they must be quick. We're not trying to over-inside the bloats. We're trying to hilly-reaves like I've been to take dope. And there was something hilly-re the doll I'd do. She's always getting busy with jerry and no. She's kind of as a one-call of your bump. I'm gonna get stuck by the shit now. Go, scared the dish. What do you think of us dead? Excuse me, general bum, if you understand. Hello, I just finished the construction of this car. You can not leave me and pieces together. Sorry, sorry. We didn't leave you and piece together. You need pieces together. That's hard, I'll reward you. Just get attacheder his you beppe I got a little sticker that I'm ready to and so I can't stop doing lenses, trips, chicken up the boobies I'm ready to pop or everybody I'm ready my pants. Workscore. EAT! 1246 is 560 W2M here's a bulletin just over the facts by report 47 Street and pine feed drive in Miami Beach is TV gridlock already close to the Miami Hard Institute. Whatever big a shame if anybody has an emergency S3 rush to the Hard Institute and we'll get blocked by any bunch of Ojo on Provocator Goyama through with bad teeth in the streets when it down clear about keep them the hell out of there. The fact they should have already announced that they are going to like put up a big road block around an area like within so many hundred yards of the house and stay the hell away or else. Here's a lady in plantation hello. Oh hi Nail I haven't talked to you in a while how are you? Right you know I really believe that when all is set in time this little boy isn't going to remember any of this because he's only six years old and I mean how much you remember when you were five going on sick. You know I see I remember falling down one time on a sidewalk on the back of our house and hitting my head. Right you remember one main thing. I still have that hole in my head and that's you know I've never been five years old. Exactly if anything he'll think that he came to Miami for two months and spend some time with some cousins that he never sees. Yeah and some strangers. Right and secondly I mean. I don't want everybody to get mad at me but I mean I didn't float in an energy in the Atlantic Ocean for two days but quite honestly I think this kids spoiled brat. I mean every time I see him on TV he just looks like a brat in the- Well how do you know that I mean you see the guy who plays the way they're even here. What's he a block rat when he came here? Well he might have been. Well how do you know why what's happening? What's the matter? Why are you making judgment about you just got your saying he's only six years old and now you're out here you're out of your go away. You're bugged me. Good. No sir sir what is she attacking a little kid for? She starts out by seeing he's only six he's not going to remember this and now she's in sport he's in sport a little brat. Well he's only in sport a little brat because they're making it in sport a little brat because they're using them for their own propaganda purposes. So that's why they're taking them to Disney World and buying in puppies and taking them to Kmart and buying in cameras and all this other crap and she's not going to kid for that. Christ almighty everybody's got their their just like oh man. Like assholes opinions are like assholes everybody's got one. Who the hell gives a crap if he's a nice kid and evil kid the baby Jesus? Let the damn proper authorities decide and then let's get on with our lives. Like I'm going to spend time worrying about is you a good kid is you a bad kid is you have a steal or freight train. Here's a mobile and hollywood hello. Yes sir. Hey you know how to go. Okay. Yes. Quality was filmed any better here. No. Why did you call me before? No no that he had problems with mother clothes. Well we do the best we can it's QAM it's read these a lot of these. It's a bunch of hassle. Yeah they don't feel bad I can still all of them going around. You know. Wait a second before you leave it's not what's happened. I had a gameplay laid out. I don't see it to read read with it. Being a team player I always was I went to read that game to me. I was one of the steps into the ring that match was mine and when you lose on my own we know outside and in your parents. Oh good. Here's a candle hello. You know yes sir. A little sidebar here. Earlier you had mentioned something about you we got to stop labeling and stuff like that. I'm saying that for 5000 years sir. No I know the better I'm mentioning the difference. I have no tolerance for people who deal in their lives like that. The Cubans there's in the Jews. What kind of a person is that it's a moron it's an Archie bunker. Well here's the reason why I've been all over. See I think that's one of the benefits in traveling around the world and finding all different kinds of people. I've discovered something my mother is about the only intelligence you ever told me. Years ago people are people that's all there's good and bad in every group. And you deal with people as individuals not part of some group. In fact I rather not know where you came from I don't care. Well here's the reason why I brought it up on Sunday. And in the Miami-Hero. There's good here is an A Steve Waffhouse. Yes. Are having a research and contest to see whether or not now of course it is the only people who live in Dave County. But I can see who likes the labeling of Hispanic or who likes labeling of Latino. There you go. What does that mean? No. It's trying to find out how it's best to label these people when they write them up in the newspaper. What are you doing here? To label what people? The Hispanics or Latinos which one do you like? I don't use any labels. What do I just get you saying? I don't use ARS. I don't care. You know, polio sounds good to me. Polio's. That covers it all. What label? See I just get you expressing to him that I don't like labels and he's telling me now which one do you like better? Jesus Christ and Esther, man. You people are just like talking to a rock. You're unwilling to change your unwilling to examine your attitudes. You're on yielding unbending. Thank God for me. That's all I can say. I don't know. I want to set myself up as like so much better than most everybody else but I will. Well, sure. I just like like I said to you yesterday and you disagree with this because you're a professional little Cuban. What difference does it make where you came from? What difference does the past make? And the answer is none. It doesn't. I didn't disagree with you. I just called you a professional Jew because I speak here to she's got nothing to do with the new people going. I'm a culture and where do you believe that? No, I don't work on my sleeve. It's just my personality. That's why I am. Well, to why I am. I don't have any God. I'll start David on a God. I'm a review mirror or bumper stickers in the back of the car with a fish. I've seen it. I do. You're filled with fish. You're right. You see you can't you don't understand the difference between being who you are. And dwelling in the past and all this family tree. I don't want to know for my family tree. I'm sure that it would be embarrassed by it. I don't want to know. And it has no bearing on it. It's like Alex. I can say it now because he's dead. I interviewed him a million years ago on KAT. He was an ice and I've got to make a lot of money. You know, many series of books. Great. Why do black people have to know their roots? And in addition, especially for black people, who wants to know about the all those cannibals in the jungle of Africa? Well, what's the benefit of knowing that? There isn't any. Christ. Oh, sorry. 741, a QA. I'm as we continue rolling along just the doing I do in my best to try to make some common sense. I make a lot of sense to me. Here's what my or sell out. Neil. Yes, sir. That lady was dead wrong. He is going to hold some baggage when he grows up. Yeah. You know, do you think he's going to forget it? I don't know. Sir, I don't know. I all I do is I feel sorry for him, but I don't know. And I'm not going to spend one second of my time worrying about it. Is he going to forget it? Why are we even talking about that? Hey, listen. I'm over here on business, chasing the subject. Yes, sir. And I thought I could get away from it over here. Yeah. No. Everybody's talking it over here. And for my ors, of course, because we're on the air over there. We're spreading it. Yeah. This place is by the way. It's in the air. You can head by. Have you been over here? Yeah. But real fast. Yeah. You're right. I drive through there real quick. Your idea is a good idea. Once you're on 75 floors. Right. Because I'm telling you, you got the Confederate flag. Right. The pickup trucks. Yeah. There's a big signar. So, when in doubt, get there a lot of the spaces you can. I got an idea for Alien. See, what do you think about him being adopted by Rick or Howard? Okay. Funny. We're just talking about that before. I don't know. We're talking about the cannibal lecture. Same difference. Well, he got at least a learn about finger foods. Open line on the out of town line. 877756345. How's he time us all by the way? Anybody see him lightly? No. He's living in Toronto. We don't look so good anymore. Screw him. He's awful list. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. You're happening now. Are you doing okay? I've been listening to you so full of six months. I like it. To format. I like it too. Yeah. And the show too. Just want to think about this little alien on thing. What about that little alien? Oh, alien. The dragon through the dirt. I come on today from work. Yeah. I sit on a flip on a nose. Three channels have it already. Oh, my. Kelly, too. Thank you. And I'm watching much music. Yeah. No. Thank you for my satellite dish. Yeah. But I'm like in with channel 7. They flash four of the between light every commercial. Oh, my. Kelly, too. You're the rest. You know, I mean, I, I've been. If he had 10 years on him. Yeah. He'd been home already. Right. You know, nobody would have cared. No, whatever. Anything. Oh, he's 16. His father wants him. Right. From the back. But that is a fictional child. And it's feeling like. He's been in the middle of the night. If he was 16, he could speak for himself. Because he's six. How many guys go a little like that? And of course, the relatives are making up stories. He said this. He said that. He's the baby Jesus. And everybody else is speaking for him. I know. I mean, the my honest thing about the father. I didn't already pick up my child. Me going on. Yeah. But a lot of people are like somebody made an offer. Could me if he's allowing me ask you this thing. One question. Have you ever seen Rick Sanchez and the anti Christ together? There you go. Four minutes before one five six seven. Oh, five sixty. He's thinking about it. Pound five sixty on the AT&T line. Wake up. What's the first team? Joe wrote it. He goes. We did morning to sex. Oh, Liz. On sports radio. You know, sixty Q-A-M. Oh. Oh. He's a T-A-M. I'm a cat. I'm a good father. But heads. It's the one to do our. I got all this. Got them money. And I live in a free house. I know my lips look kind of funny. Like the ones on Caesar Romero's mouth. But I never want a super bowl. Those should I stay or should I go. I have an intimate affection. I'm not my demitaph, last collective. Anything I want. I can afford it. But I want on lips to stay distorted. Should I stop my ego? Let's call it quince and go. I just might move back to Pittsburgh. But only if it changed the name to Lipsburg. And now those guys on sports talk radio. Ons with the fecal ring around their nose. Saying everybody wants to know. We like to say or we like go. And didn't the we let's play for Pittsburgh? How do you like that? By the way, Danny will announce his retirement in a couple of weeks. You can take that to the bank. Here's the facts. WFOR CBS 4. This flashed a crawl during the young and arrestless that the guiding light and the upper wind free show is not seen today. The special coverage of the fight for Aliah. Oh, you know, those are fighting words. I don't care about that bitch over Wimpy. Guiding light will not be seen today. Which means I'll have to fight it someplace else on a satellite, which I will find it by the way. Will I be watching Channel 4? No. You're saying I'm going to tell you something you ask the channel for. Including Elliott Rodriguez, not you have to scumbags with it. If you start messing with a guiding light, you start and piss a lot of people off. That's an important part of our lives. And believe me, it's hard to find the life when you live here in South Florida. Some of us are watching that for 5, 600 years since Papa Bar was an infant. They got a preamp tool and of course then at 5 o'clock after from next 3 to 5 and at 5 we go to the 5 o'clock newscast. So we're talking about an afternoon cluster fork at this crap that's going to go on for hours and hours and hours. Do you think I'm just making it up that they're inundating and drowning us with this crap in a sea of alien? I think we need to guide them where we're after the past made. We're drowning over here in a sea of swirl. In addition to which what are they going to do about this? What's there to report the thing is going on inside? They're not going to let any cameras inside. They're not going to be any intruders inside. They're not going to be inside that gate. So what are they going to be doing? Instead of outside going, Talkin' to the same assholes again. They've been talking to every day. Joel Joseba Sulto and Lincoln Diaz Ballard. They're not mando Gutiara's in this one and that one. Iliana Rosanna Dana. 4, 6, 7 and 10. There was a special place in hell for you. Here's Miami. Hello. I don't know. Great. Well, I'm a Cuban-American and the second tired of this alien thing. I think that these want to be politicians and these politicians should waste all the rest. On our kids here. Right. We have kids that are going into schools that are 40 in a class and 40 in a class. We need money for... Don't take course to take home. Exactly. And we have kids that are dying in our hospitals and illnesses. Right. I've no one going out of their way. I'm going to the White House. Going down to a tele-half seat to fight for their need. Nobody's flying their parents about on a large jet or the grandparents so that we can save their lives or take their needs. Exactly. So we have this kid. And unfortunately, he went through some bad times. He's a miracle that he survived the rough waters but bottom line. He's going home. Right. And no one else is going to do anything about it. So that's once again, like I said, let's put our efforts into the kids here and our people here and pray everybody. And like I said, the equation was we got lovely parting gifts for him. Have a great day. Yeah. What's wrong with that? We got some nice parting gifts for us. We'll see you, Ali. I'm having a great life. We'll be reading about you in the funny papers. I can keep the camera. Keep in the brownie camera. Right. The brownie home. Is that dog now because you've got a brownie camera? Is that make the dog a brownie home? Yes. I mean, let's get on with it. Okay. This time you're a bunch of prisoners. I'm tired of being a goddamn prisoner. I feel like a prisoner of yentos and something. Let us free. Where do ones this should be? I like liber. I give you some freedom from this crap already. Stop holding us hostage to the hysterics and the antics of a couple hundred crazy ill-ill-toothed people. What are how old toothless is doing by the way out of the track? Anybody see him like this? No. Here's lots of hatchy. Hello. Hello. Me? Yes. How are you doing today, Neil? Very well, sir. I want to say I'm American Cuban. Let me know the locks are hatchy. I'm a trucker. I'm a redneck flag of the back of it. Yes. And even my father being an older man from the before-casual era. Excuse me? But he's down? Yeah. He says, well, I'll never get into that. I could have thought. Okay, let's not get into that. Okay. But he says that it's, you know, it's sad because there only one that, you know, is heard here as a child and no one gives a crap anymore. It's all politics in a way. And earlier, you had a guy called didn't say that the Spanish-based is where it's thereical. Well, at that moment I just happened. I said, well, let me go see what they sound like. And there was a guy reporting that the church down there is charged the news, trucks, 500 bucks a pop. The parts. Yeah. And the quality was making that. Yeah, that's true. How do you like that? Oh, wow. How do you set that on the show? Can't be half of the hours? Hey, Neil. Yes. God bless you, sir. And thank you for your show. And back to you. Yeah, the church and hey, well, why not? They learned that trick at the orange bowl. Like I said yesterday. So can people in arm and leg bleed them through the most of park in there for on long? Why not the so-called arm and leg off? Especially the media, 46710. If it's 46710, charge them 10 times. I charge them five grand an hour. So park there and walk out the goddamn public. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. I just like to make a couple comments. The Q&A community right now wants to waffle on this issue saying that well, they don't agree with what the Q&A community is doing right now. Well, wait, wait. The Q&A community wants to waffle saying they don't agree with what the Q&A. The first of all, the whole time I walk. There is no such thing as the Q&A community. There's no such thing. My point is this, Neil. Yeah. That it's very easy for them now to say, oh, we don't believe in what's going on. And in fact, they do believe what's going on right now. They're getting bad publicity. So now they don't believe in the problem. How do you know that? Are you a mind reader? I'll all the Q&A. What is it? What is it? But the point is, no, no, no, no. So let's try to run right along after you make a comment. I'm generalization like that. How do you know what the, what you call the Q&A community? They all feel that way. How do you know that? Well, Neil, try to get a job in the city. Well, what is that have to do with what we're talking about now? Because I think that they all believe the same rhetoric. Okay, great. All new Cubans are ashamed. You get that? Got it? Okay. Kind of this. Wow. How is it possible? I've asked this a million times for so many Dodo birds to be in one place at the same time. How is it possible? It's a miracle. They all think this and they all think that and try to get a job in. Now let's start bringing all the other reasons that you resent the so-called human community. There's no such thing as the human community. The black community. The gay community. The straight community. The Jewish community. There's no such thing. Those are cliches. People have their own individual thoughts. They're not all automaton. They're not all sheep like these two or three hundred or the eight or nine hundred of the go out there and march in the streets. And like somebody said before, probably most of them getting paid to do it. All right, do I sound like I'm getting a little frustrated with a lot of these people? Uh-huh. Because I am disgusted. We've opened. The sports leader. Sports radio. 560. Q. A. And this is 75. I listen to the Elijah's because I can hear the word asshole. Although he said 59ht he wasn't. He's one of the backward active notes. He even turned a red carpet. I even locked the red carpet. You know back to the room with your pop-up, where you can play in the mud. We'll pack your beans and that's a lot of you. Are you? Just go away, we're all fed up. Any other songs? Why don't you go home? I don't go home. Any other songs? Go home and read the song. I'm a little bit lazy. I go on to go back. I like shopping for free toys, better. You've got your pop-up, you love G-shirt. And you're making us yours. You've had your phone for a second. So they can get you out of here. Is that the point where we can send it? We ever thought he's out of the door. Up all the rules, you know, crackers. Who put your guns on the floor and no? Hey hey hey, you're gonna send it? Why don't you go home? Yeah, they're gonna send it. Go home and read the song. That's where you had a girl playing At Five Se surgery early in the morning. So you have all your thoughts? I got my phone. You got that stuff. You know, I took my phone. Hi. Someone? this thing is right with the crazy now this little boy came here and they're making a big to do out of nothing they're making a big sentence about it yeah yeah now if I I'm I'm saying to think I'm American when Russia's looking at us as a super power and we can't make a decision to send like a little boy back to his home country you know he's like they hold him hostage over there or you're a regardless of what decision we make but just make it okay in other words get off the pot there's no more information they already interviewed the father the grandmother the the uncles the great uncles the barber the tailor the candlestick maker the interview and everybody now just do it and let's get on with life that's all I don't care what they decide just do it better than that five six seven just because I love who yesterday man was gonna let it go they didn't know well it's been in yesterday but we can't say bullshit the too many times they get all and see that's another thing leave that time leave it now if we say just the wrong word on here if we just fart and it's the wrong flavor the government's gonna come in there but it but above but above we're gonna find you all the other crap that's the kind of freedom you got in this country freedom is a state of mind don't be given me a son that's about freedom talk to all the goddamn people in jail behind bars for growing the wrong plants in their backyard or having a god damn pinjoo in the rash tray freedom my fat big pimpley back to mess police state it's a god damn police state just a matter of degree that's all here's Kendall hello oh Neil yes sir yes you're quite sure about what are they gonna cover the set to whom which you're probably gonna see is they're gonna be covered like a yo j Simpson Bronco which right man is you even leaving from the house and then going down the highway yeah yeah four helicopters up in the air or watch absolutely you know I mean is unbelievable but you got the paper today had a lot of the interesting articles and even also rag anyway but you know that one little article that night covering very much except for a little tiny article here and there is about the scandal that's going on and what's the one every place that Jenner Reno for Nendus Rundos office the state's attorney's well about the woman that's so in her right I said redland yeah about that I like booze and rocker roll I knew who her answer that's what I see and then and the lawyer for us as well everything has been said even there's a gag order they're trying to get a gag or gag and on and on right yeah they're gagging on it all right you know there's it's trying to get a gag order because her lawyer says well everything that the other woman claims is not everything that she says is true which I get that means that it's most of it just most of it right the worst part okay good luck to us pal right okay see you on the banana boat yeah let's all hop out of banana boat get out of here so let's leave it all to them out of bed idea when you come right down with five six seven five sixty pound yeah here you want this town so much so on here as we're going to someplace for real we're getting on a goddamn plane and going to answer them I'm sorry I want to get those a punks defend and like that one I called you they all yeah one day was too much I want to switch it on yeah it was probably it's probably looking for the goddamn gold nuggets from the Jews tea from the war that's what he was looking for in Switzerland barbarian sprites what was it sprites or sparts is that what he said here's a mobile in pop in oh hello yeah yes sir hey we all know what you want a gag on correct and in listen where did I take it so where's the great amateur I don't even know what tell you said no five six seven oh five sixty by the way we keep moving that fact a flag of yours okay pal someday Jefferson Davis will make it come back here's the four miles alone I deal yes sir glad you're feeling better feeling great hey listen I'll have a pre-touch this Paul by saying that I'm an American but my mother was born in Cuba so but I was a problem that he would have a price of a rice peel off though we're not gonna do it real quick so the problem that you guys are having on there is that everybody's human humanist you would have but I've had about a bite oh Americans right so I mean they're here in America they should take pride in America and last thing I want to say last American we should not let it bring the flag with you that's a dolin with all the respect to our friends listening on seven seventy on the west coast like I always say after a call like that the greatest part of it is in spite of alien and hysterical people and all the other things that we endure the best part of it is we're here and you're over there five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line eight seven seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five all the good old boys coming out of the water right now I ride here's a mobile in high lia hello mobile in high lia yeah yeah sir I like to make a comment about this oil the I'm saying I think you should send that kid back here the family cube with a lozom right you know and any other one of these cubes out here that's a protest in the United States you know you should send them all their ass back to okay because uh there's a whole dealers you know it's you just send them back we'll leave they're leaving on a jet plane five three a second noon pal that's what I just heard so I just made up five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five how about that national Las Vegas Airlines yeah there's something positive going on like I said right at the beginning of the show this morning starting tomorrow my video Vegas two flights daily nonstop between Miami and Vegas chance for people who appreciate the better things in life to spread a few bucks and something good and have a great time and you know something like I told you last weekend when I was in Vegas were they talking about this crap no didn't hear one more to about it didn't think about it didn't talk about it didn't read about it didn't know about it had a great time here's a mobile in Miami hello yeah sir are you doing the one time listening are here we're too sick and try to do the early and deal that I just got the cable at home good hand now it's a lot better not have more time any time you know daughters and not attached to the TVL day and uh it's awesome no TV at home good beautiful excellent isn't that is that something that is something okay I have a great lifestyle get up the uh get out the cards in the par cheesy monopoly game drugs five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line get out the wrong here's a mobile in candle hello yeah I need oh yes sir sure I like to make a quick comment then I'll get out of your hair okay so I'm a human American one of the lucky ones that was snatched away when I was one year when your old say I promised brought me here um one thing the bother me I'm a long time listener I I agree with most of the things you say and I know that you're a fair person but I'm putting on a show but uh what would be the bother me as far as with the father and the grandmother's is so forth in this case I haven't heard once and this is the other day I haven't heard any of them say yet thank you to the tool Americans that have saved you know the rest you do little boy I haven't heard them say thanks and I don't know I think that would be so natural thing to say I don't care if you're afraid of uh whoever will let me know thank you wrong I mean it didn't really address and uh personally but I don't think that's true because I think when the grandmother's had that press conference with that goofball from the National Council and churches the other day I think that she did make some reference to that about how we're maybe I'm wrong but it seemed to me something was said about how grateful they are that if he was said it's an answer on and and right the same token how come not too many people are talking about how irresponsible the mother was I'm putting him on some little banana boat a six year old kid who I know control over his own faith and risking his life and if those fishermen wouldn't have found him he'd be just as dead as she is I know she looks a good pretty desperate um but we're not stupid yeah yeah uh only 25% of the raptors make it so that the hell of a chance to take it but anyway one last thing and and I think I've just come to you know you know has allowed us and another other groups to come in here and I think most human Americans and most people that come here are very grateful for that but um last thing the only the only one that's going to suck is that Leon and fortunately no matter what happens um trauma and so forth and the only one that's going to win my prediction deal yep uh is that castle's going to win again as usual oh and earlier I said yesterday he's in a no-loose position if the kid goes back they're going to have a big ticket to take parade he's going to have a big celebration and if he stays here then it's more up propaganda against the US working in haphors he can't lose thank god you own the year because you the only person has the you know what to say like it is whether I agree all the time I just because I like people to agree with you you know right uh I'm not very good at you know when people don't go to a group like my opinion I it bought I hate when that happens yeah I have a great thing about god bless I'll reveal her yeah there you go thank god for uh being on here tell it like it is like I always do whether it's popular or not I don't give a crap I don't give a flying nushmit because it's just some of these things are just common sense and of course there are much common sense in politics and it's down oh and it's country oh no in the courts no just do the right thing that's all get the information like you would with anybody else get the information you interview this one interview that once you go to the court if you want to do it in the court find let this judge who will look it off his old uh Harry has and make a decision and let's go ahead do it just do it will live with it and like I've told you a billion times one way or the other this kid's going to be like a superstar he's got to made now if he you know he he pees head together which is unlikely but if they find a getting his uh you know head on shrink he's going to be a superstar CBS has already signed for the mini series over here they're waiting with the ticket tape parade over there I got news where I got a better idea it's full of school mall send them to Italy yes send them to the room to the pope well not to the pope maybe want to keep you on safe yes send them to like a send them to Switzerland there you go they're neutral maybe you'll find this here something I'd go with them too 26 after one is five answers and that would be great just school mall okay full everybody guess what we got a whole new family for him he's going someplace else and we're not telling you where how do you like that what do you guys just leaving their whole their god damn uh call off me bags squeezing him get some teeth please you peeple on the get some teeth these uh hammer he's hanged cold for some brownies in the house are you comfortable with your situation with the ladies now well I'm a different age and hey and um you know so I'm going to have to make a decision here and that's how to eat that I want to do I can't really say down to go back you know I'm a definitely make my seven free ages and see what's out there and if that's been four minutes they'll go back at the wedding just for us it's never a drag with that we think it's a two on sports radio 560 q a m what the freaking crap is running wrong from the makers of G your hair smells terrific comes a new shankers for the four leg and member of your family your beloved dog it's new G your butts smells terrific give your pets a fresh clean skin his name is a friend of the appreciate G your butts smells terrific because we only all natural dog shampoo with just a him and them for that fresh clean but any dog will appreciate so the next time dog comes if you're out your name you make sure your dog makes a good first impression she's your dog with G your butts smells terrific okay it stores new me thank you 131 at 560 WCM Hank is coming up from Atlanta this side of the superwegg got the big panther jerseys games that I think are going to be there no then then you people cheap bastards here's a West Palm Beach hello yes sir the thing I can't figure out about this is why it's so beyond the understanding of the the the Cubans in Miami that the father could actually want this kid back it actually was this kid of one of the people you say we are it's beyond the understanding of the Cubans in Miami why do you say that no I don't mean you know I'm talking about the specific the specific immediately we mean 80 to the 800 900 professional agitators who are the owners of the thingers yeah it's tough to have to qualify every single statement but I'm talking about specifically you just said the Cubans in Miami also 9000 people when they want to know I'm telling you what I meant by that okay that this is what I mean those specific ones in Miami why is it beyond their understanding that this kid could have a father and grandparents who actually want him back without the kind of government situation I'm sure you how I'm not just these protesters are some of them were saying oh well they want to act they were outside the house because they wanted to see the grandmother's arrive and they reaction when they saw Ali on for the first time because they wanted to see if they really care about him as if grandmother's from a communist country don't love their grandchildren what kind of an obnoxious attitude is that that's the point of trying to make and another thing that the last guy who calls you the one you know if they could read between the suction you know because he was stuck in a pretty good but if he could read between I mean we talked about how the well the grandmother's in the father you heard no thanks for them about the people who saved them yeah dragged them out of the water how to see no up there they're looking for any any possible anything they can't remember every reasonable person and I respect what he had to say in the meantime as far as you're concerned you're back to that day again they this day that I don't deal on it level if that's the level you don't need voice you time calling me anymore okay anybody out there don't waste your time because that's all you'll be doing is wasting your time I won't listen to it I wasn't any opinion any opinion even if it's invalid but I'm not going to listen to people a lot of deal in this world of they this and they they I can't I can't live my life that way it's stupid it's stupid it's idiotic it's pathetic like I said it's right five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T. wireless one you know he started like when I caught him on it he started like backtracking a little bit when I don't really mean all of them and then he starts again with the same thing don't you understand that individual people speak as individual people not as professional humans not as professional Jews not as professional Graham usually I mean there are some people the father of those categories but not most and I don't have any place in my life for those people for the professional what have you filled in the blank professional here's a mobile and dear feel hello for them concerned hmm if what of our let's say you as both thank you have would be food here in Cuba the US kid washed up on their shores yeah and then believing in their political standards that you know the dark our government's so good and he's better off staying in Cuba what do you think our government would do they be over there with the military and everything else trying to get our our our our child back yeah but yet it doesn't work the other way the other way now we should hold on to the kid and it's all right we need to seem like you know it's good for one should be good for all so yeah he's there some people who think that he's been kidnapped now for 57 days and I'm thinking I have a point I just don't know what he's bringing that that that you remember what happened when they had the hostage is in Iran you remember Jimmy Carter said the guys over in the desert didn't work out too well but though we didn't sit back and put up with it and have a great day five six seven oh five sixty prime five sixty only eighteen t what what not maybe only better soon and then we're about to make a sense of a helicopter's in there into my me beats this afternoon at compound and whiskey away get in the hell out of there before it's too late here's a mobile and sunrise hello hey new yes sir if you execute here I just want to point out the fact that the kid was caught all along why do I can we borrow some your equipment someday you might need it the way the session station says yeah we need it bad anyway go ahead I just want to point out who are correct me if I'm wrong but the kid was down off of a floor to shore is therefore he was found in the water and by law he's got to be sent back either way yeah well it's very tricky because he wasn't intercepted by the coast guard I mean he the fisherman brought him and he got his feet on his toes on the ground so that's that's up in the air that part of it so that's the one exception that they're ruling on then well I don't think the ruling has anything to do with that the ruling strictly is who's got the authority to speak for him and where does he belong not that the he gives a toes on the shore or not because he did and another thing I mean he actually got into Kmart in Disney World so he's almost a little bit American already exactly why would the Kwano is with what he's done in the past couple months he's gone the Disney World he's gotten all these toys donated to the Kwano is all right thanks for your time okay hang on tight yeah everybody hang on tight it's going to be a wild ride this afternoon all afternoon you're going to be seeing on TV for six seven and 10 let me say it go to hell again preempting guiding light you know something there have been there have been wars fought over less important things than that preempting the f and guiding light on CBS and you wonder why people are so desperate for their out of town network affiliates that you folks here in town do everything you're powered a try to prevent us from getting and thank goodness that we can get back again by hope or by crook because you keep doing this to us I mean people have their TV sets we have a right to watch whatever programming we want not to kind of repetitive swirl that you people let you ask what he put on there because like I said the other day and this is the truth the media and America they're going to decide what you should be watching what's important and what you should care about even if you don't give a flying crap about it all know this is important is it important no no not in the least it's important only to the kid and his relatives to anybody else no it's a so if I buy it his blow jobs with anybody else's business no no only him and his family period not anybody else's business ever we don't understand that 22 before 2 at 5 60 WQM 5 this is Fred Hediken and you're listening to South Florida's number one hockey fan Neil Rogers on sports radio 5 60 QAM all right have They'd be able to take your aim. We got lit. We swam in my day. These are glycids, These are the diamonds. We sing a light of just in the eye. Of the strength. Our agent says we got to stay. We swam in my day. Our biggest friends and 12 year old girls who sing for us kids at the beginning. Yes, as they could hold the day all figured out where hiding our latent sea. One thing is for sure. We gave me the joy. We knew. Why don't we go? Why don't we keep silent though? Don't you do what I should do. We should find the hope. But today we think that we should stay. We need to play when I get in. We're going to be a big moment. We're going to be a big moment. We're going to be a big moment. Here's a lady in West Palm Beach. Hello, Nio. Yes, man. I'm grateful to have been born here. My parents are grateful for all the countries. We're really in touch with me. Regardless of your stance on this and I know you said you can make a case for either side and totally agree. Really in touch with me is that a lot of these two people about what you speak. Are the ones that at every opportunity. Everything was entering Cuba. The education is entering Cuba. Your craftsmall is entering Cuba. Everything is entering Cuba. It's accepted me. I bet you there are kids who are better in Cuba too. Oh yeah, oh yeah. Because the sugar is better in Cuba. Right, that's right. Everything was better in Cuba. And if you exact same people that are in front of this house, broadcasting stream and you're talking. That's what really upsets me. And someone teach money's lazy to speak English please. Click. Okay. Can I make a single request for my name? For what? For my boyfriend and my name? Go ahead. The Niam song. The one that makes the parody of the Alton John Meebon song. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Which one is that? Aliyah. I know. Who's that? This is Helen Chenowis. Thank you for helping me in my historic case against Bill Clinton. What is this? Why would anybody in this write mine? Who sent me this? Obviously nobody turned it rest. Why would anybody with an IQ of over three? Somebody to swill. This is a smart emergency executive order to petition the US Supreme Court to do it. Again, I know what is correct. What is right wing of hysteria? God. How much protein is on that thing? Look at this. 15. A 35. 55. Poked John that thing. People are starving to death. This is the same. Whoever sent this is the same asshole. If there was a homeless person starving on the guy, they wouldn't give him two quarters. Two hundred pounds of rub together. All of a sudden. The 50 cents to send me something that goes right in the old Schmidt can. What is wrong with you people? It's like the people from the guy damn libertarian party. Won't stop vaccinating with their crap. We hate the libertarian party. I want to hear your crap. Stop hoisting our facts. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. I just want to give you a comment. I was over at that little kids house yesterday. And I was wondering if anybody is getting any consideration to the family that lived in that neighborhood. What would you mean you were over at the house? What were you doing? Playing part cheesy? What were you doing there? No. We just drove by to see the nonsense. Because it was black. It was black traffic. I was wondering if anybody considered these families that have to live in front of that house. What about the families who lived by Arroz Alopas on the 13th of very month? Yeah. How about these? You're right. How about the poor bansies who live in that black? Well, at least we're moving it over to the beach now. The thing is there's a school around the corner from that little kids house. Right. And the police have block traffic to the point that everybody's going around the school. So it's really causing like more traffic to pass by the school, which is the English for those kids that go to that school. So this is really a bunch of inconsiderate back. Get those two plus bansies out of there man. They're having meal. All right. Five six. Let's see your president because he was sighting. He's just curious. Okay. Just curious. That's what most of you guys say. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th. Where was line? Here's a mobile in Volca. Hello. Neo that for school, so really gets me crazy man. He's need to get this in his buddy pile of down there and told him. Just go fly by. You'll be fine. Nothing will happen to you. Yeah. Just do a fly by right. Why didn't he get shot there? He's kind of a fly by night if he acts me. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the 18th. What was like brothers to the rescue. Boy scouts in the Everglades. All these other are self-vod design. The self-styled. Whatever the hell they are. And the local media here just they just can't get enough of that. They're just sucking up to these people. Michael, put me. I guess you know we lies in monkey making a real fool out of yourself. You're making a jackass. I mean, here's one guy. A little bit of credibility. Pretty boring. But a good guy. And you make it a jackass out of yourself. He let Tomas work a lot. He'll make a clown a circus clown out of me yesterday. Right there on TV. So anyway, Todd's tongue in who? You think there's done? No. Here's Papa. Hello. Well. Yes sir. Yes, I am. No. No. One more time sir. Yes. It's the same thing until the guy that actually found the language. It's also no work. Yes. The guy who dove into water and saved them. It's run back to the boat. He came in them over. This other guy did not know that they're all prints in around the little guy with the flag down in my hand. Right. He's a passenger in the boat. That's all he was. I was screaming about Jesus and creating Jesus. All that Jesus Jesus first and then he put himself first. I'm going to go. I had to go out and come out with you. I've been talking to you. I haven't got a phone call from the community yet. And Barris, let me tell you something. I'm embarrassed. I did what I had to do. I saved that child right. Right. The rest is up to the government. It's not a piece. People down in Miami, France and around in the streets. I'm like that. I wouldn't be. I wouldn't go down. I'm embarrassed to go down there. But I mean, you would think that they would say, hey, thank you. It's just the answer you'll, for saving the little boy's life. They haven't even called me. You have to tell me to go stick my head up my own ass. They haven't called me up even tell me that. I'm telling me something. Tell me something, please. Tell me to go bounce or I'll rock. You know, go go go. You know, scroll your thing. You gotta call it just now saying that they thank the two fishermen. They haven't even asked me one time to come down to that house. They're all horrible. We thank you. I do. Okay. I hang in there, bro. Got it. guys actually did the job and does anybody care about him? Oh no, and this other guys down there are not going to try to... Oh we're all good Christians we got to pray together but it'll be beautiful and they could have been grandstand out of it. Denono. Yeah. Par for the course. Oh boy, I'm telling Jews. 10-42 at 5-60WQAM.