I Founded Founded Was the president please Oh Founded Founded Was the former On your knees Was he said he Or did he sit? Scorts court Did you swallow or did you spit? Did he issue what's up Verse 2 Wait Thoughts Mind Come on You look old Cain Come head to the other One Guys You're the third Stage Up With him on the floor Probiding can start With the Stiffer And Tyler Do it best The Gage On the top On the top What's up What's up Did you wish girl like you Oh On the car On the car Waring a dress with president Do you Did you feel silly And were you surprised To find that really Was done circumcised With the Dorito Cheams and the tiny Roads On the floor On the floor On the floor On the floor On the floor On the top On the top Please In our stock Enough sucking already How come they had a big investigation When she was doing a suck in Well, Larry King does it every night for an hour And gets paid millions of dollars to do it Nobody bothers to investigate Can anybody answer that? No Anybody see that George was very lucky Last night as probably why you feel not to bad this morning You didn't see that you would have been puking your guts out You'd have been on your hands and he just like her Puking your brains out See in another marshmallow toss Well, Larry King And she is Such a dumb Dingo Dumb or even a realized Come on Very dumb Very very dumb Rimes with Scum I was supposed to care about her Because there's nothing else going on right now Don't you understand They're already milked a Millennium for everything They can squeeze out of it Maybe today is it Oh, in fact, the stock market looked to me Like it was going to take a big big gigantic stomp today Uh, down at 100 points It's nandexed Down 64 The futures are really bad Well, maybe you won't be all that bad and of course who the hell really cares you know. But yeah, there's nothing else that they can milk anymore. They are why two cases and they have nobody panic just in the work. Did it work? No. So they got to bring her ass so they got to try her out. Number of might not nothing happened. I think we would go desperate. He had to bring out the Dalai Lama and Billy Graham on New Year's Eve. What does that tell you? The Dalai Lama. A chicken hood in the oven. A good groove. And what was that? Kind of wish you could have seen that. I'll be honest with you. I've watched him for a few minutes here and there out of amazement. It's just astonishment that this hunchback suspended piece of crap. What's going to show you by the way that having a hunchback doesn't necessarily disqualify from a great broadcaster where maybe she shouldn't go out of the operation. Although rumor has it, I don't want to mention it was that uncle's Peter Lennon with that wooden expression on his post. He really is. Did you notice that you take notice how dark his gay are? There are many schwarzys in his town who have much lighter complex than he'll ever be. Smolk a burgundy. Yeah, burgundy. So of course, this year I'll give people out there if you take it off a riddle and it'll turn your skin. You could substitute for Rindy as you could be to cigarster Indian for a couple of weeks. Peter Lennon. But anyways, he's telling me that she's the office of Monday. And of course, for this hunchback, back surgery that she's going to be doing. I don't know if I'll come back now. And then the bringing in that list not so wild. Who's been on every guy in the state and that outfit and can't must have a point one on any one of them. And then the rumor is they'll bring her this bitch back for a couple of weeks in the next book for command. And then I'll tell you what you're fired get on here. Go back to Tarak Kingdom. By the way, who has the pictures over there? It's got to be Pete Bolzer. Man. Seriously. Got to be Pete Bolzer. I'm looking at these trends that came out yesterday. We tried to go into too much. And I was going there by the way, Fatso. I don't have a good day. Yeah. And I'm warning you, shall. That was a little dolphin. I guess the Jimmy and Danny crowd must have really been on their feet in November. Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny because there was a lot of things. It's a temper October November. So they went up a little bit. We were kind of flat. But I don't know if I remember them. We did that awful October for some reason October. This audience vanished. Howard's audience disappeared. I don't know what that's all about. I call it a bad sample is what I call it. Arbitroni Wansels. But nevertheless, you look at the job seat. The only number they had. Did not predict this when he did it. And they asked him when they had Rick and Spud. That was the only number they had on 50,000 ones. They kept putting all these different people out in the morning doing point six, point five. You're good friend John Ford. That piece of crap. Yeah, who broke the record. I think I think it was down to like a point four or something like that in the morning. And then so they took Rick and SUDD. They were going to blow them out. They had the only number on the station. And Rick said, we need the job and you don't have the morning show. Okay, we'll give you shot in the morning. It just like I predicted. They made a little bit of a headway there. And then they kind of leveled off. And now they're, especially that they're six to nine. They're their number is disappearing. They're vanishing. You know what I'm saying? Are you sure? How's it? When you take a look at these trends, Jesus Christ. Even Amastonis. As much as I like Rick and SUDD's in despise Pete Bulger. Kind of like a KX-22 thing. And as you know, the teller would say if he could say it here today, can you say it? No, he's dead. But at any rate, where the hell is the, here it is. Look at this person's 12 plus in the morning. In the summer book, Rick and SUDD, who that time were on six to 10 AM, they had a 1.8. Pretty weak, but nevertheless, then in the next trend, which is the first month that they had those tapes on, are you sure? Yeah. They went from a 1-8 to a 1.3. And now they have in September, October, November, a 0.9. A 0.9. And so that's the total audience. And when you get into the younger demographics, the living and breathing ones that really count, I wouldn't even dignify 18 to 34 where they have a 0.1. But 2554, 6 to 10 AM, poor Rick and SUDD's will take down to them now. Look, there's from a 1.1. Well, that's pretty weak in the summer time. 2554 persons, a 1.1 to an 0.7 in October and now, a 0.4. I think they broke John Ford's record no more. I'm throwing their piece. So he, and the only day party he had left at that point, after he made those changes, was midday with Dr. Laura and Lardes. So we're going to win. Remember that memo that he made sure I got a copy of over here that big memo? Yeah, we will win. We will win. Are they winning? Yeah. We'll win all right. We're the only days, really, day party. And so now I, O.D, when they moved Dr. Laura and Lardes, they got those old parts, let's see those shows on there. They're up to almost a 3-year, which is what they had in the I&Z. This is what they did in the beginning when they bought I&Z and I would remember a channel. They swapped the news spam before I, for the talk format, nobody knew where to who's on first, where do you find it? And they just, like, treating cards. They could swap it around, swap it around, swap it around, flip it around. Pete Bulls, you must have more naked pictures than screw-and-over, dream of possessing all the time of that. Because this man has survived different companies, different regimes, different leaders. They brought more losers to that place and had 50,000 watts. And can they find an audience? No. And if this guy don't stop, Tamber had tapping that hammer back there. This is like the Chinese water treatment, okay? The humpers out at Cool City this afternoon, all right? And I'm around a very limited budget here anyway. This construction project of ours that goes on, even Bluffkin in this morning is saying, you know, we've been in this up here for a year now. This week, it's a year. And it's for this show, and it's like 10 months. But the other parts, because it was a super bowl. Remember they hurry up and stuck in the air because they're super bowl because they want to impress everybody. And they don't want to take them out and burst in the night toilet on Sheridan Street. And so all the other counters who were in town for the super bowl, they made a rush job and brought them in this building and stuck them down there in our studio down in second floor. So it's been one year that they've been up here. They built Maple Leaf Gardens into a lot of my school and baby. Maple Leafs sick. Oh, they were Sabres too. The kick their ass got even last night. Anyway, they built Maple Leaf Gardens in five months from start to finish. A big 15,000 Cterrine, a beautiful spacious 1932. Those slippers back then. Just a skin piece of the technology that we got today, a skin piece. And here we are, you're later in a close to finishing this project. Not even close. Is that desk out there or reception desk closed? Oh, no. Got some good tile on the floor down there. Nice going there, Greg. You idiot. God. And how come the Cecil Collins story, which I'll get to in a minute? How come that made it on the news that Cecil confessed, which is going to make some people on this day? Very, very up. Red post. I would think. That's very embarrassed. Confessed. He saw a little crack. You know, that's what they're running back. You're supposed to do that to work. We were here to say, you know, they're running back. Seeds with old cracks and turns into big holes every time. He was looking for a hole. Is what Cecil was looking. He said he saw crack in a window and he went in there. He wasn't invited. He didn't do her before. Nobody else from the teen. Donnery, four Cedarine, so on. And both newspapers, if you scour very carefully, you'll find little teeny tiny stories about that this morning. And they both have it wrong. Do we have a real newspaper in this town? Oh, what a joke. What an embarrassment. The Cecil's story continues. The Saga. And I don't want to say that any of the apologists on this radio station, or any of the people who are making up stories are trying to be smurfs the reputation of the woman involved. I don't want to say that those people ought to be holding their heads in shame today. Do you want to stand? How do you react? I hope this goes away. Let's go. Yeah. 10 past 10 at 5, 60, WQA. No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM. Goodness. We all have a detector. But on the days when the keep it laid off the fish. I guess my girlfriend forgot the truth. As if no one knows this one. I... I hear you, I think of me, maybe, or this. It comes out now, but it seems to be worth a dime. Why did that bitch tell me? I was too dark to see. She'd be too bad with her whole face. It last came to me as probably see, both of us out. I'm gonna give a try and stick to you, WC. I must be the only one that saw that story on the news last night. It was on the early news. It was on a five or six o'clock news in my right. Yes. And I said Cecil Collins has been formally charged and he's confessed to the charges. They're no longer making up stories. In fact, the prosecutor that they had there on TV, I forget what's in the people from the prosecutor's office. He comes on, or he says, you know, the talk shows in his town that we're circulating the rumors. All these are untrue and he's admitted that they're untrue. And not only did he not have any affairs with this one, but nobody else in that often had any or knew who it's set up and so on. What did I tell you? Yeah. As usual, I'm betting like a 999 or two bat. I'm scumbags. I can tell us, come back from 100 miles away. And some people on this station, I want to mention these names because we'll be really embarrassing. We're like making up all these stories and defending. I guess that's what they were talking about and people calling in. Oh, yeah. Well, the rumor has it. That's the oldest trick in the book. Did I say that? Oldest trick in the book. Always turn the thing around. Oh, yeah. Well, she's a slut and she's a bang and all the guys on the team and the idea. I guess what? Wrong. Very, very wrong. See, if this guy would have had like a clean record and just come on like some upstanding citizen who happened to wear a jox drap, it would be different. But since this is his track record, this is his oldest operand operapi. This is the way he operates it. Maybe he's the array of clean at the US stadium. Yeah, maybe that'll be his new job if the one they let him out. So anyway, they have the story on air how he's confessed. He's been formally charged and I look at both my crappy newspapers this morning. They can certainly, there must be more details about this. Are there more details? No. Really, the Harold, you have I scoured three damn freaking times to that piece I Schmidt, the Harold, the finest Durand on the bottom of page three B in the proud edition. Wait, I'm a little, look at the look at how big that is and the story too. Man, I haven't seen anything that's small since I shower this morning. Dolphins running back charged in David Bergerick. Real little teeny tiny story. Isn't it interesting by the way all your kids out there? Is Don Cherry would say? Isn't it interesting how the news media they've taken shoes? What are the important stories? The ones that they really blow up and play up. Like all the Y2K history. And like that story that they heard out on the front page about the Florida drivers are less aggressive, which was so important that they actually put the headline in twice on the continued inside page. That's pretty important. Isn't it? Florida drivers are less aggressive than to be, which I guess they must have a good sense of humor over there. They must be talking about the ones who aren't shooting any time. So anyway, here it is on the bottom of page 3b. Dolphins running back charged in David Bergerick. Mommy Dolphins running back Cecil Collins has been formally charged with a secondary felony after neighbor said he broke into their home and the pre-do on ours at December 16. And this and that and the other officials from the state attorneys office said they've also preferred to try Collins before he's extra than to Louisiana. Fred had not. His attorney did not return phone calls. I can understand by it in return phone calls because Cecil confessed. Did the hero get that right? No. He had the information in the story that it was on the news last night. Why? Why? And why does the Sun Sentinel story, which is much bigger, although it's on the back page of the sports section? Does anybody read the back page of the sports section? No. The only reason I found it is because I was scouring looking for this story. And sure enough, there was on the back page. I'm real curious how come both local newspapers decided to bury this goddamn story? Can anybody answer me that question? No. Why both newspapers decided to bury this story? Are they trying to cover up something here? Because we're going into what they're calling around here the second season against the bunch of Gruelstein and trying to save Puss for Jimmy and that slickerer here is that piece of crap. Jimmy and his Johnson charges file while Collins waits in jail as the headline has come Sentinel by Paul McMan. It says, for our prosecutors formally filed criminal charges against dolphins rookie running back. He's called Collins on Monday. Collins was charged with burglary of a dwelling in a stealthy manner, a second re felony. Collins was being held without bail in a brow account. He jailed could face up to 15 years in prison of convicted. He denies the charges against him. Wrong. Wrong. Wrong. Get it right. Either the news people were wrong last night, which I seriously doubt because of the way the story was presented. He's confessed. He admitted that he wasn't invited in. He didn't know this product. He was brought up for senior in trying to come on to win the showers they were in the locker room. Don't they all hang out in the locker room? Well, football players they see a locker room whether it's on a condor in the money like the mean in a locker room. No matter who nails in there men, women, little kids they don't care. They like being in a locker room. They like to smell. I like nick locker myself, but at any rate. So how come they can't get the story right? Yeah, both those papers are bad. Again. Again. Again. Wrong. Can't get the story right. Prosecutor Cue to say the Collins 23 broke in the apartment of neighbor Tina Nolty 20. He's admitted to it by the way. He saw a little crack and he tried to turn it into a big hole like Rick Reaver would say. I wish we still had that part. Maybe we do somewhere. A married woman he said he admitted the complexes Jim Nazium. Nolty said he tried to get her to date him. Ron, an issue. I spoke to him for the Barrett State attorney's office confirmed that a prosecutor went to the office for any complex money. The interview people in New Collins. Sue Weinstein, the dolphin security investigator said prosecutor Dan Lousy met briefly with six players, which it names by the way, but I was my time. A rumor had been erroneously placed at some of our players had dated the female victim Weinstein said it is totally unfounded. None of our players knew this victim, even the players who live in Tom Tracy apartments were the incident occurred. But he needed to talk to the players whose names have been given for his own investigation. JJ Johnson, Yentel Green, Robert Baker, Tim bones, Lorenzo Braml and Kenny McMixen, rhymes with. I kind of feel bad for the victim because that's unfounded to start something like that. That's not right. If you want to say, see, see, see, see a lot of relationship with her. That's up to his attorney to prove. And this, of course, is all before he confessed that he did not. He confessed he did not have no relationship. And that he was not invited in. And he did behave, did break in. How do you like that? Collins is in jail, awaiting extradition to Lousy Annoyer is wanted for probation violation. That's done from his arrest in Davy. His attorney Fred Hadadad said he's negotiating with authorities in Lousy Annoyer about whether Collins should face the charge against him and Brown before returning there to handle the probation violation. The word we're looking for is scumbag. Scumbag, if for some reason, because again, it's a joke. We have people in this town who want to cover it up like that. A little dog in the backyard kicking a dirt up in here that I keep referring to. We still kicking it up. Is it covering up what he's covering up? No. No. And he confessed he done the deed. He confessed he'd be guilty. And both of those papers not only try to bury it, cover it up with that and then you can't grab it, but they can't get this story right either. Wonder why? I'm just going to scratch that hole in your head. I'm just going to scratch all over the place. Mixing one, I'll have four or five quick bowel movements. Which by the way, if this stomach fluid ever decides to go away, anybody else out there got it? Uh-huh. I think tomorrow begins my third week of this body stomach fluid, which is very exciting. Makes you griffed a lot and makes you of course a lot of eat the wrong thing. Firstly, things that Peter Leonard brings in. You should, I'll smit your brains out. By the way, I want to thank my good close personal friend Scott the long guy for calling us today finally, but are late to never. He said that a hundred and twenty two of his best close personal buddies, so I call you yesterday all having heard this show and heard me ripping a nasty is going to show up this week. He said they were also excited about the fact I was talking about him on here. They were meeting in his house nine o'clock last night for a circle jerk. And he was going to be the pivot man. That's what he said. That's what Scott said. Who better show up this week at my house with his pansy and and continues. And we're also going to do and bring my lawn back to life would be nice too sweet hard. Okay. Cut the crap. And by the way, we are going to be taking calls of this week. We had tremendous calls yesterday and we know. No. Well yesterday was Monday. It was the first day after a long New Year's holiday. Mondays are notoriously bad to begin with. Why do you have that look on your face like it's going to be bad today? Oh, I don't know if it's going to be bad. Oh, you, you have to really bad just today. Well, let's start with this mobile and Hollywood. That's only call so far. There's no big rush today. Hello. Hello, Uncle Leo. Yes, sir. Open the year. And back to you, sir. My wife wants to give me a stop at the local police. Yeah. I'm going to talk to you first. What's the kind of guy that there is so many brands of humanity for a price? Yeah. To get the RCA dish. RCA dish? Yeah. And what's the only thing that's that? I don't get that. The dish network because the dish network doesn't have the football packages and the hockey packages. You sound like a real sports fan to me. No, I'm not really. Oh, then go out and get this TV like I said. Did I get it? Yeah, I get the direct TV, right? Well, thank you very much. Thank you. I'm a nice year. Okay. Bye-bye. Okay. There's a good example of the kind of calls that we get here on the New Year Roger Show on 5.50 WQAM. You're in Akiwis Station for the 90s. Well, the guy means well, he just wants an information about getting a guy damn fish. So as opposed to wasting his time and go out through the brand's martyr, a plant, a TV, power, a vest, a wire. Or one of those joints, and going in or asking somebody, what's the difference between this one and that one? What can I get and where to get it and set it off. So he's calling the satellite, maybe. Like that great call we had about satellites yesterday, from your friend with the eyes. What you're going to show you, I must have had a really wild New Year's because I was slow enough to talk about 4 or 5 minutes to catch on and that was the guy with the eyes with that ponderous crap about his big dish about his big one. I shouldn't have been able to smell it over the phone, you know? Uh-huh. Must be this flu. Here's Miami. Hello. How you doing, Neil? concerning the Cecil Collins case, I remember right when it broke, that Thomas our outstanding middle line back of saying, nobody rushed to judge men, he was the first one that came out and said, this lady has a past history. Yeah. If I was this lady, I'd be thinking about soon and some people. Sounds like it's a little lawsuit to me. And then if you remember when Cecil first got drafted, the stories came out of what happened in Louisiana, when he was a Louisiana state, right, that he broke in the first apartment he broke into, that he raped the two supposedly ripped the two girls? Yeah, well, he held them down and tried to finalize them as well. It sounds like attempted rape to me. They're very careful in the way they used the word. Right, but do you remember what the upsetting part of the case was? That he went in with his uniform shirt on. His jersey. That's pretty smart. Yeah, smart guy. Yeah. I think that was a disguise. Smart guy, huh? Okay, pal. Take your name. Have a great day. Yeah, for some reason, everybody wants to cover it up for Cecil, okay? Because he's, you know, Schwarzier could run with a ball, he went a ball and all this other good stuff. And some of us are getting real sick and tired of that crap. It's getting really old and stale and tired. All the gangster coaches, I don't want to mention Jimmy's name on here, because then we'll start with Jimmy and Danny, etc. And so, and the guy that called yesterday, by the way, you're so full of crap along with many of the other colors yesterday. Yeah, on the one that's perpetuating, I talk more about it than they do. Right, right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We're going to talk, of course, about the Haitians and the Cubans. And, uh, and how come the people in Newsponium in this town? We got too many goyam on here. That's the problem. Oh, certainly, there's no, there's such a, maybe it's Ming, maybe I'm wrong. Is E. L. I. A. N. In his, in his, spends that Ilion, Elion. And I, I know how it's pronounced, but all of the news media people here, all the TV people pronounced it Ilion. It could be Ilion and could be Ilion, but how could it be, Ilion, Ilion? I've heard of it, L. Ilyon. Like you said too many goyams. Yeah, too many goyams. Every single one of them on channel for Ilion. His name is not Ilion, U.S. You're just like the newspaper people. You can't get it right. Can they get it right? No, no. I mean, I granted it's not picking. It's not a real big deal. The issue isn't really how your pronounce is for little kids name, was being a yanked and twisted like a guy. Then Thanksgiving turkey, wishbone, back and forth from both sides. Yeah, the cube over there, Cuba, they got him by one leg. And over here, the crazy Cuban, uh, uh, his sterical exiles are what we want to call him a bunch of assholes. They get him by the other leg and they're pulling their yankin. And both directions. He's liable to split down a middle. And I may shock you with my revolutionary concept of this whole thing with the Haitians and the Cubans and all the other stuff, which I'll do in a minute after the break. Well, no, they were down there. They were down there having their own little demonstration at the INS back in our old neighborhood 70 down to in Biscayne. Love that neighborhood baby. Oh, we not did this game. Let's bring back Junior. What do you say? Oh, the 8,000 club. Oh, don't you miss driving down that road? What was the place with the, uh, it's long before your time where they had the great to the print channel. Let's go. You know, they used to be, I know, comes in the shock to you because you probably never hung out in that neighborhood before in their good old days. No, seriously, that was what's upon time a great neighborhood. A little bit before I came to you. You can see that it was the houses when you would drive down the road there on the, uh, the other street, not 79. Some of the best restaurants in town right there at at 79th in Biscayne. Beautiful old Florida houses looking like cats and now look at it. Oh, short, short, short town. I'm sorry. Well, we must have some upscale black neighborhood in South Florida. Oh, huh, like in Chicago and Detroit. Oh, there must be, oh, we don't have any upscale black people. That's pretty damn sad. That sounds to me like this is some kind of a racist guy. They in place, you know. There's 26 after 10 at 5, 60 WQN. The gym managed to cross four. Oh, Ryan right here. A sports radio 560 QAL. And off of the balcony. Merry Christmas, Charlie Brown. Oh, huh, Lucy. Look what Santa Claus gave me. A new football. Let's play with the now, Charlie Brown. All of all of it and you run up and take it away. Well, no, Lucy. And soon as I run up, still dirt to football and off all right on my kids. It's a wonder I don't have a rupture dish by now. Oh, I won't Charlie Brown. I've made a New Year's resolution, but promise I won't jerk the ball away. Come on, do it. Okay. This time, I'll be the hero and not the go. I'm hoping you Charlie Brown and I won't jerk it away. Come on. Okay. You're all chopped. Let's have a look. Oh, you tricked me. My bad. Oh, I think I've never my final ball. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I told Neil Charlie Brown. It's not even New Year's yet. What a gym wit. Don't believe anything, Charlie Brown. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. That doesn't do worthless pig. After your Charlie Brown Christmas, see Charlie Brown just 20 to life tonight at eight on CBS. Merry Christmas to you, New Year's Eve. Maybe can hang out with Piesel, huh? 10 30 at five, 60 W to Q and yeah, we ought to talk about that. Remember the call we had yesterday? Oh, so here's a good topic for your Charles Schulch's retiring in the last peanut strippers today. And let's talk about that. Okay. Now what? I mean, what is that for a topic? Cartoonist honor peanuts creator last daily strip ran yesterday. Do I read the comic page? No, I haven't read it in a long time. Since that was a kid. Not that I'm condescending anybody wants to read the comic page. There's a lot of read the comic page. Go ahead, be my guest. George reads the comic page. No, no. Like I said, George's a read. I don't have a read. What? I don't read. What do you mean by that? Don't read anything. I don't read any paper. No. Get ink all over your finger. Yes, George. You could point plus you looking for the real stories in there. Like the Cecil Collins, the reason in either newspaper correctly? No, no, in barely any of it all is a matter of fact. Because they're both trying to cover it up. Which I find is. And as speaking of cover it up before I go back to Monica and then talk about the Haitians and the other many of the things I'm going to talk about today, how is it possible? That's a story about the cops and the 16-year-old girl in Kendall. It's the next millennium. It's the next century. It's the next year. It's the next freaking millennium. And you ask those to keep calling me, oh, yeah, you're just waiting. You just wait. There's a big internal investigation going on. There's an internal investigation going on. I'd like to know if it was somebody out there. You're a 16-year-old daughter. Plus the other girl. There was not just the one. She was the one at the ringleader. But there were a bunch of other girls. Because let's face it. Now, even the most enthusiastic young lady couldn't service the entire goddamn police force of all the elite county police forces from Hailea and the city of Miami and Metro Day and Sweetwater and Riverdale. And whoever else over the girl, coral gables, et cetera. Right down here, Kendall and also they had a branch in Hailea. They were running goddamn horror houses, the police department in his town. And we had a big sentence about that in the news and in the news papers. And on your TV news for a couple of days, and all of a sudden, it vanished. It disappeared. Zippity Duda. And that was months and months and months ago. And that had that they said that there were law enforcement. There were cops from every law enforcement agency and date county that were clients of this horroring with underage girls. I mean, forget about the fact that it was a horroring. But these were minors. Underage, which any of you guys out there listening to me right now, you go bang some underage chick, 16 years old, and you're caught in your gold. Your ass is going straight to jail and probably the rest of you too for a long time. And based on a law's in this in the end of the whole country and in the state, even if it was consensual, it probably would be statutory rate anyway. And you're still going to mind to go to jail and having your name all over the front of the newspaper. And the best part of it to me is nobody here seems to carry you. See, this is the reason when you talk about the crap at the airport, you talk about the crooked politicians, about the dead people voting. I mean, it makes for a lot of fun for a year and show for Michael Putin, you know, that they vary in the crop of the highest it on there, yuck in it up like, this is all real funny stuff. Is this funny? No. Prefetic. And what's even more pathetic is that most of the long kids who live here, they don't care. They don't give a flying crap. They couldn't give Tushmets about it. Much less one. So where is the rest of that story is Paul Harvey would say? Anybody out there got any more details on that story? Oh, of course you don't. Because it's been buried. It's been swept out of the carpet. And if you're going to seven, eight miles on, hour over to speed limit, and you know, porcupine sitting out there with his goddamn radar sitting behind the tree, like a tapped in hiatus in the pepper pines around hiatus road in a plantation. Or as any other places we can think of down here in South Florida, if they're writing some business that day, oh, yeah, they're going to hassle your life and write you a ticket and you're going to have to go to court or call it ticket to Fenty. And they're going to mess with your life. See, that's why so many of us resent the bad cops because they're too God damn many of them. Too God damn it. If not just not just raping, you know, people of color with the broom handles like in New York, stuff like that. But taking advantage of the badge and the gun and the, a position and the uniform and a position of authority to do all these things that if the rest of us do, we're going to go to jail. But they can do them with impunity, including having sex, hoaring out miners, young girls, high school girls, girls who should be a high school, but are busy working on their back. And you people don't give a shmit about it. That, that to me makes me want to barf. And the people in the news media, like Al Sunshine, instead of wasting your time, hooking your arms back and forth because that restaurant was open today that the mayor told us the world was coming to win it, that the hurricane was supposed to be here, which it was already gone by. Instead of putting on a phony act like that to the public, which nobody's buying it, how come you people in the news media here are an investigating all the great journalists we got here? All the great hacks like Ike Seaman, he's too busy sucking up with John Henry. And everybody else who wants to build a stupid stadium in our inner arena, that's his idea of investigative journalism. Yeah, all the, all the, all the great people we had in this time. Once upon a time, they're all gone. They all went on the networks. They've had bloom people like that. They're all working at NBC and CBS and stuff like that. We got a bunch of old hacks like Ike Seaman's in this town. And Al Sunshine, waving his, uh, hooking a trinic would hooking his hammocks at the camera, putting on a single stalact. And of course, you know, everybody, including me, we're plotting the Harold for the big good job. The investigative job they did on the airport. But of course, years, years to late, many years to late and is anything changing? Oh, no. They're still going to spend all I'm money for American Airlines who's busy trying to hide the hand grenades that they got in the overhead compartment. They're still going to go ahead and do that. And they still flushed down the toilet to $29 million that they started on the project that they were going to finish that they changed their month. There's $29 million that just disappeared. It just vanished. And is anybody in this horse and buggy town care? No. So why the hell should I? Why should I give a crap? And by the way, anybody out there on Jenny Craig? No. If you could have seen this monocophing, which I guess nobody else did with Larry King last night, the monocophing with Larry King. Not only did you toss your softballs, she either couldn't or wouldn't answer most of the question. And she sat there most of the 40 minutes. Boy, they got to be 940 and he said that can you stay for another segment and take a few more. Oh, no, I really got to run. I got to run. She couldn't wait to fly out of that chair. Like a giggling school girl. This bitch is slut. And the course her big thing was, why do you know, she's got to make money to pay her legal bills. And she wanted to talk that much about that because she wanted to piss off the lawyers for two teams of lawyers. You can't think for shit. Exactly. Well, that's right above. I always do that sort of thing. I can't stand that. Well, you know something. I like that one better. You can't think for shit. I like that Larry King he never could sing. But he's sure can throw some softballs. And she wouldn't answer to God. I didn't question. But she's working for Jenny Craig. And if she loses another 29 or 39 pounds, then they're going to pay her a million dollars. And set her in so on. And Jenny Craig, by the way, is in desperate straits. You know what, you know, I would like in that too. That would be like, oh, Jay Simpson showing up at our charity golf tournament. I think there's a great parallel there. That's how stupid Jenny Craig is to put that bitch in there and tie her in. With her desperate dying wet. And they also have a weight loss. I saw the commercial last night, which I think they put in a program. They also have an alternative if you want the low carb a hydrate version of the Jenny Craig died. AK atkins, hell, or everybody else low carb rip off. Yeah, that's how desperate they are. Access about that. Anything. We'll give you some likes. There's some Peter Leonard's coverage. Make your crap your brains out all the time. Maybe that'll help you lose some weight. Anything. Just go on Larry King and say you're losing weight and look much better. But that bad news job. She's got to work those jobs and live the trip and I haven't even seen hers yet. Monica and you should have heard this for your four calls that they did take. It believed me. You talk about screen and phone calls. Can you imagine the exhaustive screening? They probably actually sent people to the homes of wherever the calls were coming from. And stood there with it with an oozy to their head. Don't ask no embarrassing questions. Don't ask him about what kind of a slut keeps addressed with the coming staying on it. Stuff like that. And you know something when you come right down with as I've asked before. And I think that's the point in question in the middle of all this embarrassment that she dread because why do we care how she's doing? How is the country doing? That's the question. Not how this bitch is doing this fat bitch. And let me say it again. What kind of a bitch keeps a goddamn stained dress with a seam and stain on it? I've seen that you know on the podium they got the presidential seal. That's one thing. But the presidential seam and stain. Not to forget her mother by the way. Oh my, I got the come stain on the dress. Oh keep it, keep it. Not that a time cleaners. Keep it. Talk about how tough times aren't. She's going to make the million dollars if she loses the way it would be any Craig. She already wrote the goddamn book. We're going to have the screen play and a full-length movie in the Amate for TV and made for our the bathroom. Everything else with that bitch. And don't forget. You can't think for shit. Right. I just like that. I can't think for shit. Because it applies to so many people. Like Ricky Martin, you know. You can't think for shit. And then other spick. I keep Mark Anthony. You can't think for shit. Who sounds attached in the Made. But he's confused. I like Ricky. He's confused too. He was up there on the top for several months and he says I still no matter what they say. Love it much better down there on the bottom. He does. That's what I and that's what I hear what I know. Trust me. The National Champion is on QAA. Tonight. The Florida's Nick Seminole. Take a look at your head. And then a Kia Sugar Bowl. Three days. It's 730 here on your football superstition. Right. It's 4305. 60. 2A. And. He can't think for shit. Why? I can't. It's getting better every day. We woke up and it's all right. Now the day is the last one. Yeah. We got a fairer to fairer line. It's got a down the stage. Two, three, four. I got my popcorn and my pageurim. I got my wits and the A and my MTV. Why do you say? Oh. And better every day. Yeah. We woke up and it's all right. Now the day is the last day. Yeah. Now the bank gave a funny little there. The car gets caught in space and we get it there. I've got a lecture for the Florida heater. We're on the cable. I can sign up for a night cause they've been in the world. They've all. Why? Okay. It's just better every day. Why? We woke up and it's all right. Now the day is the last day. Why? Okay. Everybody's left the Florida day. No more night. In 1999, I was living in the water. Okay. Okay. Okay. Goodbye. That's down the rain. I'm going to the moon and the wind. The rain. I'm on the end. Your members sit and head out and down. You should have stayed right home and party. Down, down. Okay. Goodbye, kids. Okay. That's better every day. We woke up and it's all right. How could this have been? Why? You can't. Oh, right. Why? Can't you pay? Everybody's living in the water today. Yeah. No more night. In 1999, I was living in the water. Okay. I was living in the water. Okay. 10, 44, 5, 60, WC. I got the big national championship game tonight. Anybody care about that? Okay. We got our repurched next this Saturday, noon to two. George and I will both be there. Next to Garst, everyone in 11 West Langer. We're going to have cigar rolling demonstrations. You can watch them rolling. Some big fat ones in cigars too. Sampling of Anheiser bushes new product to Kisa and the Rumba food entertainment. And great prices as always on the best cigars in the world. And you can pop up on in your portion see what I've been talking about for the last two years. How great those cigars are down there at next this Saturday, noon to two. Or set a one canpains all over. Anyway, we'll be along. What? What we did about 90 grand. Give her take here or there is like all kinds of stories. We still don't know about the other 1150 bucks from that. I guess a lot of it must have gone to O.J. related expenses. In fact, that's our poll question today. Who got more from that golf tournament? Senator one or O.J. Because of the 2500 bucks that they were allegedly going to get. 1350 is what Carol had on the sheet yesterday. It leaves in my arithmetic to be correctly. Let me have 50 bucks. That's the aware about it. So far on conno. Huh? How's that possible? See, this goes back to what I've been talking about. I could all been out of shape just like the. And what's the point of my taking calls? Because I'm never going to get a response to the things that I think you people want to be pissed off and fired up and worked up about and haven't opinion about. And be angry about and be something about. And there's like no nothing. Like the paper said yesterday looking for a pulse. You've got to have a pulse before you can get fired up about something. I mean, I was fired up when the man just left me that. I was going to be that. The picture at Tom Brady last week. He's a very handsome young man who can't see that. He has a stud. Yeah. Like I said, I was fired up when I saw that. You shot a scene. You also fired up when he saw. He has a stud. Yeah. He was real fired up. Here's a mobile in high LA. Hello. How are you doing? You're a god. Yes sir. I got one thing to say. I'm looking here in the mental Miami. And I got I just want to say murder. Murder. You're got that. I got that. Well, I'm glad that you feel safe. Okay, we'll get to that. You know what I mean about the callers. He's on a different page in newspaper. I'm on one page. There are another page. I got everything here, pal. Believe me. I dissected every newspaper in America this morning. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump 5, 60 on the AT&T. While it's on anybody's secret king with monocholized night kiss in her second or night. No. But then embarrassing performance. Anybody see the news last night about seasonal confess, which is not in the paper this morning. No. See they're all like you. They don't read a newspaper. They don't watch the right shows on TV. They're all busy watching. I don't know what they're watching. Stupid sitcoms, I guess. Nothing had 85 satellite. This is like I do. They would have seen the least beat Buffalo six to two last night. They would have had a big smile on their post if they were made police fans like I and this morning. That was important stuff as opposed to stupid sitcoms and stupid cliches. Although I do like some of the cliches. Registribes and that meeting or one is not. They noticed just like I said, just like I predicted. There's a big thing in one of the papers this morning about how they. The news magazine shows the ratings are starting to die. I can't imagine why. There's only 65,000, 60 minutes, one, 60 minutes, two, three, four, the original one on Sunday and the date line one, two, you know, can't imagine why because that's all that television knows is saying this. If there's a hit show where they sat on their picture, nose for two hours, then every network would have like major mini series of people picking their nose for two hours at a time. That readjust Phil van Cuishow. That's a piece of crap garbage. And now they got another one just like that with Dick Clark, they're bringing back Dick. Dick's making a comeback. In the 21st century. Then that's how we're setting. We're in the 21st century. That exciting. No, not really. Well, we're not really. You see, there he goes again. He's a party pooper, not me. It's that guy damn little militant. Stick to Rod Riga's. He's a party pooper. We're in the 21st century. God damn it. Can't you feel it? Can you feel a difference? No, I do. I think it's a stomach flu. I got. But the so anyway, Dick Clark has got one in the bringing back 21. Who's going to, oh, more he put the keys going to be on there because he's got a really horrible talk show and kind of chunks out of where Dick kick in his ass out. So now he's going to be on 21. And you watched by the middle of the summer there'll be 55 game shows back on there. And who's still going strong? By the way, speaking of game shows, they're all Bob Barker. Oh, my Bobby, go save some seal somewhere. Go save some amenities with Carl Heiss and the Everglades. Good old Bobby Barker. See, I have mixed feelings about him. I enjoyed, I like that show. You probably don't watch that show. Used to watch it a lot. But like when you're home, like last Thursday and Friday, don't watch the movie. No, no, no, no, no. I love the prices right. How could you, that's on American, not to like the prices right. That's down right on American. I, I'll screw it. Well, what do you mean you'll screw it? What does that mean? How do you like to grow that? I don't like watching games, doesn't it? Only one bad thing about Bob Barker. You can't think for a second. I have another net. Huh? No, give me a here in Try to Sing. I didn't. But I just wanted to have an excuse to play that again. I'll see you one word with a ladyfainted, the Black Lady. No. She won the Showcase Showdown. He pasted out. Yeah. Ah, right. No actually, no matter fact, when I was on the camera when I was off those couple of days, and whatever it was, for whatever reason he had like, oh, I know what's when we had those stupid basketball games on. When we had Greg Reid washing his socks on here, it's something you'll ride your show those two days. So I had the added extra bonus to stay in home for a while and see in a price is right. And they had some like college guys on there who like actually got a one-to-big jackpot And both of them got an showcase showdown the two good-looking young guys that they had on it. They both won their thing at the wheel and they got an showcase showdown and I'm taking it to come on anybody. Usually I would say the good-looking guy, you know, come up because they're almost never any of my new quiz shows. It's just like you would be rooting for the hot-looking young chick. Maybe. And anyway, no, seriously. And so guess what? They both overgood. How do you like that? Oh, I hate when that happens. Don't know you're supposed to go low. I mean, that's what you like. That's out for the little thing a little. Yeah, if I were unique, I wouldn't speak. Okay, I don't want to start picking on Nick Carter. You know, they got for the eight million time this old-and-a-goo-do. Yeah, I don't want to start picking on Nick. Okay, why that's the food thing on his head. But because then we'll get that bitch we'll call him again. Okay, I was in the car about a half an hour ago listening to you. Yeah. First of all, Nick Carter has more talent than his right code and you will ever have. And he's not a pineapple had you stupid exact baguette. Oh, she's so serious. I caught it. Just like those bitches under with your blink one, maybe to this one, which I'm not going to argue about whether they can sing or not. Actually, a couple of their songs are okay. But who wants to see them run around their underwear? Oh, certainly not me. And certainly not me. They sound way better than they look. Okay, there you go. And by the way, they're too hit to the two were songs. Well, one of them. They think, I'm not going to, like I said, debate with you, the merits of their music. That's subjective. That's your opinion. You got bad taste. You liked them. But the fact is that all of you, and they're like 18 to 24ish kind of. You know, not the little, the generation below that. The ones that are in the back street boys in the instinct. Now, these are a little bit older. So you think they have better taste. And these guys are all, these are the kind of guys you say, please put some clothes on. The more the better, please. Like, pop the lot. It's cold outside. The girls now are the young girls are into the mangled look, the purest things and the tattoos and the scarification. Yeah. Like the uglier you make yourself the more they dig it. Really? Yeah. So this hope for Josh Freeman, huh? Is that what you meant? Here's a call from Baltimore, hello. Yeah, Neil. I heard you mentioned a river a couple of times. That guy was such a note-tall and phony name drop in Weasel for the worst broadcasters ever. There are ways up here. Do you call yours from Baltimore? Did I mention Jeverme or today? No. Not today. No. Yeah. What you mentioned before, I just had a person I was at. You could go to the friend of mine. The friend of mine. You should just say, okay, right. And a name drop or what? Name drop or Weasel, no talent, phony. When he's in a room with someone, he's always looking around to talk with someone more important. Right. Which is why he talked to you. Okay. Well, thank thanks for spending your money from Baltimore. That was a set up call. Probably needs pot fans said that call up. Rippin my good friend, remember. Of course, George was squeezing himself all that call was going on. So what's one of your friends was that they just put on at line nine? You're not like a lot of friends. Yeah. I know. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. That other town line, which I didn't even give the number out. So you know that was a rig call. 877756345. This guy, I mean, had the neighbor here that calls it remediate. Those break, of course they didn't do the game on Saturday. But I know if he would have done a base stock. I would have been great. And you heard those great jigs McDonald call all the pantagols this see. They stock. Here's plantation. Hello. Well, yes, sir. Yeah. And what's going on with that FBI agent? That I don't know. I don't want to say about rumor. You can't think for sh**. Anyway, what is it, sir? What's going on with that FBI agent? That killed him two kids in 95. Do you think he charged? You're asking me, do you have a newspaper? No, I don't. Okay. Well, go by one. 560, 560. When are we talking about the FBA agent? Oh, I don't know. I'm not talking about that today. See, this is like I said, I do one show. This is, and you wanted to call back here. You are doing a wrong show. I'm not going to get sucked into that. I'm talking about the things that I want to talk about here today. The things that people should be interested in. Who are you to tell people? Well, I'm sitting here. That's my job. It's to tell you what you ought to be interested in. Not some other stupid bunch of crap about Jeff Irmer and the Baltimore. Which the guy calls on our time on our long distance line, calling in to give us a song to dance and remember God. They may ask how do you like that? All the like I said. You can't think for you. I'm not talking about that. I think this Andy Freepberg guy should get some credit for, you know, stand on top of the store. Let's hear a friend of you. What about those horizontal and kindle about the, a big scandal? A lot of the top of that story. Well, maybe taking clean this one up. You'll get down there and get on that. I don't think so. I don't think anybody's going to get on that. I think it's web deep under the carpet man. I am, I just got to tell you, I am so pissed off about this guy. I don't think that's the second accident. He's been in any, you know, he identifies himself as an FBI agent. And he's sort of the bitches. They come in. They put him, you know, underlock and keen. Nobody's even seen the guy's face. I don't know who the FBI thinks they are. Yeah. Yeah. But I think we all, maybe he's one of the wackos from Waco. Do you ever think about that? I could be. But I think we all need to be just a little bit fearful in the FBI. Maybe he was kind to a gay, Edgar Hoover. He could have been one of his buddies. You never know. Maybe he dressed up and dragged with gay and over back in a good old days. All right. I just wanted to, you know, to weigh in on this thing. I hope to guy five. Thanks for weighing in, pal. Thanks. Okay. Send him in Jenny Craig. He was a way in. It was two pounds over to limit. Send him to Jenny Craig with poor Monica. You're okay in my book, pal. And thanks for getting fired up and pissed off whatever it's your pissed off about. Oh, my God. 567. 560. Pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and tamarack, hello. You know, I do a bug. Great. Never better, pal. Yeah. I don't think I've got any stomach bug. Yeah. I hear that. I get that sometimes. But I want to stand free in the gaps with almost $2 a gallon, man. And now it's, we're next. Why would us next? We're going to have $2 a gallon, gas. This is me off. I ride the turnper. I got my own gas, man. Okay. That's the best. That's $1 a gallon, gas. Hey, I got to pay on this turnper every day. If I live out east, I would drive 95. I don't have the pace of since I live out west. I got to spend tons of money on the turnper. Thank you. Well, let me ask you this. Where do you drive every day that you spend tons of money on the turnper? I drive 200, 300 miles a day because I'm a contractor. Wow. I drive about. How much do you spend every day on the turnper? Uh, 567 bucks. 7 bucks a day. Yeah. That's why days a week. That's 35 bucks a week. It's tons of, yeah. 35 a week there. And then what about gas? $2 a dollar 60 a gallon. Yeah. One thing to stop. I mean, if you, okay, I'm not a redneck from the turnper. But they're only 10. 95 cents a gallon for gas there. Well, I would think, yeah. Yeah. What's the amount of $103 in the next town? 71. So if I were you, I'd just told off another week. Right. Well, if it's a world's coming right back down, man. It's going to be right under a rock. It is. You watch. The water is beginning to stop, man. Okay. So you know if you're a line of pounds. Take care, buddy. Okay. I like these uplifting calls like that. You don't say, oh, yeah. That was a good call. But you don't want to count things for $10.56 at $5.60. I just, I just want to hear that today. I don't know what it's all about. I just enjoy the way she says that. I can't think for a sh**. Now, who is she talking about then? Oh, in Rieke? What's this? Oh, and I see that's bad. My buddy and Rieke. Like she would turn down and Rieke, who are you kiddin' on? He wouldn't touch the best party if he could find it with a search party. You're right about that. What's that? And I think we're going to start with those Marikon jokes again about him. Oh, what's up, Joe? He turns down more ash in a week. I didn't feel like Western. I didn't say what kind. Back then, hey, okay. Jim Volcapper talks sports. We can't write news on sports radio 56QAM. Poor radio, got me. Oh. Get away and feel the release. Smell the fresh sea. Taking the unpinner of experience of Cuban ranting. I'm feeling the release. Smell the fresh sea. Taking the unpinner of experience. A Cuban ranting on big latic. It's like a vacation. Away from your troubles. Your life back home. Your disgiver. On a journey to a better place. The only thing between you and your destination is whenever nature has planned for you that day. unpredictable. breathtaking. Life threatening. Cuban ranting on big latic. Will your weight is something better? Will faster? No faster. Here comes the shark. Statter on much faster than it. Road damage. Paint for a brother. You're wasting the evening. Okay. So that gets me to my main point of the day. Which is going to be a lot of people pissed off and floating towards too bad. About all this integration crap. See, I hate to break the news to you. But letting people come here on boats is not the way to run the immigration policy. Whether they're from Cuba. Whether they're from Haiti. Whether they're from Jamaica. Whether from the La Repuglica de Minicana. No matter where they're coming from. That's not the way to run the immigration policy. I agree with that. Why is that because of this? I don't know. I just thought that much. Well, I did the show. And I want to tell you one thing about the little kid, Elian. Elian. What do you legal, Elian? No seriously. He looks like a nice kid. But you can't think for shit. Yeah. How do you like that? You hear him sing it on his Christmas carols in his body? You can't think for shit. Yeah. So I'm going to send it back. Seriously. I appreciate the hypocrisy here in the disparity. It's always been a bigoted. Everything in this country is bigoted. Is racist. This is a racist guy. Then country, everybody knows that. Of course. Everybody over the age of one knows that. It's a racist for country. It's institutionalized racism in a school system. Everything that the government got their finger in. So why should it be surprised that the immigration policy is racist? But what that having been said. And sure what's good for the goose is good for the gander. And the 12 year old Haitian kid that was in here all alone by the way that came in the middle of this 400 people on the boat. That was sent back immediately. Did they have a hearing for him? No. They find out like if he's got relatives if he's going to be taken care of. No. Did he get all those Christmas gifts in the trip to Disney World? No. How do you like that? So yes, there's a tremendous disparity there. There's a lot of people off a lot of good decent people off. But the fact is, and I don't care what the Cuban extremists. He's not there to hear this term exiles. Or using the term that George sucks many times using about the old exiles because it's not just old. It's just a certain group of people at the small fanatical group of extremists. That's what they are. Cuban extremists who want to run this guy then country. They want to run a county. They want to run the state. They want to run a federal government. They want to have their own foreign policy, which they do. And they're going to tell everybody what to do. As a matter of fact, by the way, one of the most distressing things that I'm reading here. These discussions about trying to bring Ellie on daddy here to the US to get a hold of them and take them back. It says during the weekend discussions, US officials agreed that the biggest remaining impediment to the resolution of the six week impact is the reaction of the Cuban American community. In other words, they know what the right thing to do is, but they're a scared of doing it. That's right, because there are afraid that all these irrational historical irresponsible extremists, like I called them all, but to go in which they are, are going to turn this town into a nightmare again. And if they send the kid back, you better believe that's what they're already told us they're going to do that. And I say, pushment to that. That's what it is. A big fat steamy, smelly, pile of bushmen unacceptable, because that's one more example of how day county is held hostage by a group of extremist assholes. It's not a debatable point. We are held hostage in day county. Even a guy in federal government can't act without peeing in their pants, worrying about what this group of lunatics are going to do next if they don't get their way. As far as the Haitians are concerned, sorry, you're looking at a very, very poor, a poverty, a stricken, a trashy horrendous, grotesque filthy place, minimal education almost non-existent, far, far subs to, I mean, the conditions there much worse than anything you've ever seen Cuba, by far. But there are economic refugees all over the world. There are sloppers in Bangladesh. There are sloppers in Africa, millions and millions and millions of them. You know, the population that was just here a couple of months ago that they were bragging about turning up paying a gas passing six billion, which is a scary thing. Do you realize that a third of the world's population lives in two countries? China and India? Just about two billion people live in those countries. Maybe they could nuke each other, they'd both have a bomb. Now how many sloppers do you think live? Forget about China, because they're common in a setting where let them lose their souls. But how many sloppers do you think they're on India? Out of those billion people? Couple. Yeah. Hundred million, couple hundred million. Just love to small part of the thing out. The fact that people are starving all over Latin America, looking at what we just had in Venezuela. Now I talk about my trip to Caracas and one more time. You'll have to stop on it accurately again. Am I right? I'm right. I talked about driving the camp trip from the airport in the city and about the hundreds and hundreds of thousands of houses of these huts up there in a goddamn mountains, sitting on the edges of cliffs, just waiting for a good mudslide with their little TV antennas on top of the tin roofs. You got to watch the novella, that's true. Yeah, right. And then you go at it downtown, and the heart of the city, that's just teeming in crand with far too many people, and it's a manhouse. So not house. And they waited nice for the desparados to come from the mountains down into the city, so they can pick the pockets and rip off the people. And that's why you know, you stay in your hotel at night. If you're smart. So we've got millions and millions and millions and of course you can impart. You can thank the good pulp. The good old cat-lic church. Oh, there he goes again. I got that letter here somewhere because in case anybody missed it over the holidays, I'll read it again later. From the cat-lic league, who want me off the earth, said, I'm going to work pissed off by that Ed and the newspaper. Two freaking bad. Yeah, you can thank the pulp for encouraging these people to keep reproducing like rabbits. Because guess what, that's why we have billions of people in the world because we don't have planned parenthood. We don't have thinking that goes into making babies. Ah, what a concept. Common Easter. Oh, by the way, that's interesting. There are one of the Easter. Huh? Master Christa? Master Christa? Master Christa. There's one of these things in here. These several poles, you know, that was, I got some more good stuff from yesterday too. When I was reading the interesting craft, which was a lot more interesting than most of the call. Here's one about guns. Oh, children. What number, this is in America? Is it? Yes, we USA today. What do you think is the ideal number of children for a family to have? In 1957, 18% said two, 37% said three, 39% said four or more. In 1957, 40 years ago. 1997 in America now, 6% said zero or one, 48% said two, 23% said three and only 8% said four or more and you can bet your bottom dollar most of them are cat-like. And they're saying that because I think the Pope might be monitoring the appole. In the Pope is a poll, any idea of a poll? Like I said. Yeah, the Pope likes those poles. I hear he's got when he slides up and down to Vatican every day. But nevertheless, so how do you like that? You've got all these starving people, millions and millions and millions and millions and billions of them. And a fact is, can we take them in here? No, no. An immigration policy out of control, this has been going on for over 20 years now. Where we have this crazy accommodation business with a so-called Cuban adjustment act and all this other craft to pacify a bunch of people politically, which says, if the ortois on a sand you can stay in, if you're from a certain place, communist the communist the communist the because those people supposedly face political repercussions as if people in the rest of Latin America don't. Does anybody believe that with a brain? No, of course not. Are there political prisoners all over Latin America? Yes. You're including Haiti? Uh-huh. You bet. So let's cut the crap. Let's stop. Let's close the door. It's the first month of a brand new year of a brand new millennium allegedly. So let's, uh, you know, turn over a new leaf, so to say. Is that what they told Adam, turn over a new leaf? As in fig. And that's what we ought to do. If you want to have some sense and so, you know, and that way it's fair. That way it's fair. Just have, like we always had. And we still have for our most other countries, by the way, we have a quota system. And there's so many people allowed per country to come in here legally. And you wait your turn. Some people wait years and years and years and years. And by the way, I hate to break the news to you, but people in Italy and people in Netherlands and people in England and people in France and people in Belgium and Germany. They're not lined up waiting to come in here. See, this is one of the thing about the brainwashed Americans. They think the whole world is just dying to come in here. Now, I've been all over Europe and quite frankly, I've never encountered anybody. I mean, they'd like to come here and visit and they do like American clothes and they like American music. Some of it. And they like, you know, they like Coca-Cola and all the other things were poisoning them with McDonald's, but do they want to come here? No. They like to shop here. Yeah, that's right. They like to shop here briefly and have a security guard whispered out and get him back home safely. So then it's a big most still look upon this place. There's a slaughterhouse. Getting back to those crimes to this, which I'll get to today. That the one called our brought up about house. Oh, yeah, we're safe now. We're safe. It's just the illusion of crime. The illusion of death. It's not really what. It's just an illusion. People like you. Yeah, people like Neil Rogers on a radio making up these stories like it's not safe. I keep them already getting shot here. Which I wouldn't have time today in the last two hours and 50 minutes that we got today. I wouldn't have time to begin to go through all the stories of the shootings in the last few days here. So we were out on the wind after Wednesday. Yeah. Oh, it's just the perception that it's dangerous here. So when you go down to that new Mickey Mouse arena. Yeah, the new we got the macaroni and the Mickey Mouse arena. The Mickey Mouse arena. When you go to that one, don't worry about walking around that. Hey, they follow dangerous looking people. Not going to harm anybody. Yeah, it knows, you know, bad neighborhoods right off the skin. Yeah, if you will get lost there, no problem. Just not going to do it after the wrecking. Offer, finally. 10 minutes after 11. It's time 60. WQA. Sports radio. 560. You. Hey. Holy makin' on. This is still born the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God. She roamed an ancient mythical land wearing body armor, taking names and kicking blood. And that evil. But in the quiet moments, a loaned camp she was played by anxiety. What have that guy had friends and they come out to me. What if I run out of provisions out here? Oh, I'm not going to take care of the left field. No, see that. Where are your princess? She did how to handle a fuddle attack at dawn by a bunch of heathens in fakes for without scrambleing an accent. Got me out, watch the flight. Just a fake high-down. But, see that. Where are your princess? Couldn't handle a panic attack at midnight by a bunch of nagging out. Oh, right, outfit and spin-rife and fatty. I think I'm starting to work like a girl. Oh, no. Yeah, how we even, I'm a lesbian. Listen to me. More of your princess. Right after some of the show who's time, you can never give up. Oh, God. I hope we don't get canceled. 11.13 at 5.60. WCM. I get to the heavy duty stuff. We had just about every line in the board a little bit up there. And now there are two calls left. And we're doing nice short breaks today because it's right after the holidays. We got a real light spot load in all of our radio stations. They don't have to wait a long time. And this is the deal of doing calls. All this heavy duty stuff that they should be chopping at the bit to talk about. Are they there? No. No. So Carol sends me a revised facts here from our center one total. 90,630 bucks. We got over 90. Which you would have had like another two or three thousand. Those key chains we've been well over a hundred thousand again this year. But we did the best we could. And thanks to specs, we're doing a really super job. By the way, helping us out. They did really nice displays. And did everything they could to help us out. They appreciate that very much. It's set of in so long, okay? 90,630. And still, by the way, 1150 dollars missing from that mysterious. Okay, QAM golf tournament. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. 877, 785, 6345 on the World Wide Line. Here's Virginia key. Hello. Hey, I'm going to the all-how you doing. Pretty good. Kevin College of this first call a year. Obviously with a new year, I got two things that I want to talk about. What? On the boat that came to sure that the day. I'm not Chinese living in a communist country. Yeah, that's right. And they were talking about how they don't get hearing me before they get kicked out. Right. They were sent back. Right. So, and they were not the owners of the boat. They were not smugglers. Some of them were actual pastors. Right. They were kick-street back to Cuba or wherever they were kicked to. Finally, that's where the boat came from. Yeah, from Chicago. I'm sorry. They were smuggled in. I mean, where did they came in from? Right. Right. Right. They were the exactly. They had a point of order to make with the fear maithins. They're at it again. They're saying that there's going to be a YQK event on leak day. Yeah, I know that. That's the next hurdle we got. We got two big hurdles coming up. We got the leap year, the February 28 or not. Whatever it's going to be. And then we also got March 1st, which is 24 years from here on here in this town. So, those are right back to back by the way. That's going to be a really hectic town of this year. Are these started by Zefer Hill's Costco and Home Depot? Yes. Anyway, do you want to help a John two by the way? What does scam? Right. Don't forget the real fact battery people, two by the way. Well, hopefully, hopefully, to even raise water's up. And also, I'd like to see it get legalized this century. And now that Home Depot split three for two and is up over a hundred before they split, if we can just have a couple more hurricanes, we can get up to 200. How to rate day pal? Okay. Yeah. We're not that we want to scare you. It's just, you know, it's a capitalist country. T economics. We want to sell you a bunch of crap. Why two k preparedness? In fact, it was a big article, which I think I just tossed down accidentally. But nevertheless, about how they want to take all the food stuffs and water and the stuff and give it to people who need it. Makes sense to me. Of course, our audience, they're busy trying to take it back. Take it back. Won't you take it back? No. Please take it back. I don't need it. I don't want to take it back. I'm taking the water back after I use it. Like I said before, I opened it up and peeing it a little bit. So I have to admit, to make sure the water stays good for like years and years. Forever. I'm doing some dishes in it first. Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. No more immigration by boat. Only a weight on line. Like everybody else always has. Do it legally. I know that's a real revolutionary concept. Do it legally. And take Ali on and put him in daddy's arms and send him back to Cuba where he belongs. And cut the crap. But he can take all those toys back with him. You can take the toys and he can take Mickey Mouse with him too. You can even take Walt Disney in that box. And then Fidel can say, ahaha, see Walt Disney was one of our people. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Anyhow, how you doing? OK, sir. I don't know if you caught it in this weekend's paper. There was an article about these two Nick or Aguants. How are you going to drive? Nick or Aguants. Yeah, Nick or Aguants. That, uh, get this. They're in the country illegally. They went to the free clinic, down in Miami. Yeah. The woman's pregnant. Now, she says she's got a dog. I'm going to get a dog. You know, she's got a stay pregnant as long as she uses a fertile, you know? Oh, absolutely. You know, otherwise it's a cent if she's not. Right. Well, her husband is her first cousin. Well, they must be from Tennessee. Well, yeah, Tennessee, Nick or Aguants. Uh, city upside. Nice. Look a lot of them. Well, she tells a doctor that her husband is her first cousin. So she's concerned about, you know, there being something wrong with the baby. And so because of doctor, I guess, misread at the time. You know, having six eyes and fourteen toes. Yeah, the baby came out, deformed. And now she's still injects a memorial hospital in Miami, Miami, Miami University, Miami Medical School and everybody else because she married her first cousin. I would take her on at Brickety, Iraq, whatever, they found Ali on on, you know, hanging on for dear life. Put her on at and the center back to Nicaragua. Well, and on top of that, both are grandparents or first cousin. With her home little kid, yeah. Yeah. So, but, you know, you're absolutely right. The immigrant, you know, I've got nothing against immigration. I do. I do. Let me say it again. My belief is I don't call me revolutionary. But my belief is we take care of, we use what resources we have, which are vast. And we take care of the people who are American citizens first. Then we worry about the rest of the world. Well, the way you did that. You're absolutely right. But you can't close the doors completely. Pretty close. You can close it pretty tight. Well, it shouldn't be wide open as it is. The only problem is it. Just do it like Brickety Martin leave that closet to open just a little bit, you know. It's just a little bit of a side as you can, but leave a little crack. And then maybe your seasonal coming there in the middle of the night. You know, it's because in certain cities and certain parts of the country, you have these people that have enough of the population from other countries that can elect their own officials like cos AD, AD as ballard and iliano ross laden and rocanodani. Yeah. Yeah. You know, they're making certain, unlike other owners or other, like, another congresspeople. Yeah. You know, their main concern is not the United States. Foreign. They pledge, oh, they just, they go on to see. Yeah. They pledge and we just to queue. Well, I, like I said, we'll send them back to you. Anybody don't want to be here. Goodbye. That's, that's a simple as that. You want to, you don't like it where we send you. Then the straightened things out on your own. You're on your own. That's it. Have a great day, pal. We solved it right there. That color and I solved it very simple. You don't like the way things are going here. I mean, if you're an American citizen, you've got to write to complain and pitch your pay taxes. That's fine. You certainly have a right to make your comments and have your opinions. But if you come in here, we take you from some repressive, some poverty-stricken, scumbag place and you want to bitch and mowing and try to tell everybody what to do. You're out. And that's the old new law. I just passed that law. Yeah. Good. Look at that. The ink is still what I just signed it. How can it be what with the ballpoint pen? Well, I don't know it is. It's an active. I work in mysterious ways, man. And I just signed it along. And that is if you come in here, you start the Boston Immunity around in Biction and Mowing and like these Cuban extremists. You're out. You're out. You're out of way back. What do I take it back to where you came from? And if you don't like it there, like I said, try to scream and In Biction and over there and tell people what to do. You know what I'm saying? Oh, well, let me go in such a good idea. Like I said, when you go back to keep your mouth shut. Here's Tamara. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a black guy. And I'm just sick and tired of the two bins and coming over here. Well, to get them to me. That little crumsonant effect. And all those goddamn chacens back symptoms. Make us back. Everybody back. Don't let nobody in here, man. Because we've got a holiday of time as it is. Hey, man. And I just think, you know, more people need to speak out against it. Because it's a joke, man. I mean, look how hard people look at the hard times. People have no way. And you just keep it. And keep the wind. If we start letting the Haitians in here as you well know, they're going to start working for 10 cents an hour and they're going to like, you know, take away whatever jobs you folks you got. And it's a real problem. Yeah, I mean, I can get up in the morning. I will car and I go to school. I'm assuming an asshole time job. And I want to ask my ass trying to make it. And all my taxes are going to be freaking people who are coming over here and screw on the system. I mean, it costs money to sell those out there to rescue them. People may want to sell them. I'm just set up. When and out send them back. Sit them back. All right. I'm with you. There you go. Now, what do you laugh about that's a true story. The Haitians will all of they'll pay a 10 cents an hour to work. And addition to which, I mean, the Haitians that they happen to come from a lot of poverty, there's a lot of tuberculosis. And you notice by the way, we were rid of tuberculosis in this country. Remember that? How many years ago? Now, it's making a comeback. Can I do you want me to tell you why? Okay. Oh, so that tells me. Yeah, I don't want to tell you why. You tell us why. Because if you say why, then why do you big it in you? And not a question. Bigger, you just can't let people come in here on screen. Coming from the worst poverty in disease on the face of the world. Coming out of God damn banana boat. This is not the orderly way to do it. Got to stand in line then. Got to stand in long lines and see the papers. And if the doctor check it out, if you don't have papers, they write down WOP without papers. And then they assume you're from Italy and we'd let you open up a piece of stand. And then you're okay. Although I don't know that many black attendants, but there's a few There's some sources from Africa there. And then like I said, they keep them in the piazza delo, where a public are there out in the front and they put their schmoth is done on it. They sell their goods. They make nice belts and leather stuff. And then when they pull each year come along, they wrap it all up in a high, you know, as good a beanian sports issue. I mean, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. No, this guy is right. We've got some take a look at this town right here. People of color. And you know which color I'm talking about is in black as the ace of spades, or maybe a lighter shade of brown. Whatever, they got a rough time in the town. This is one of the most racist town towns in America. That's because we're too busy taking care of all kinds of other people who don't belong here in the first place. Who haven't got any guide then claimed to be here in the first place. And who keeps taking a song, well, if Kennedy would have done this, and if this one, but if chickens would have peat, we're tired of hearing stories from 40 years ago, well, we'll show the happen that could happen and what happened. All we know is what's going on here right now. And this country better start taking care of its own people and stop trying to be the guide named Godfather of the entire universe. You've alienated on a kiss on the forehead. Alan, by the way, I'm a little bit concerned because the, the immigration department, you'll see who they want to bring here with his daddy to accompany him on his some priest. Cat like priest. Now, let me just point out to you people in the audience, okay? Little alien, you've seen those pictures in the paper, if you got into. He's only six years old. Six years old. Big both facts in the church. And I think that even for some of these priests with their instatial appetites for young boys, I think that I hope that sips would be a little bit too young for some of these priests. I don't know, he's pretty cute. But like I said, you're better watch it because they want some cat-lick priest underlined the lick part to a company daddy back to Cuba with his kid who's going to accompany the priest. And all we got here exactly. That's all we need is to be letting this priest alter boys like little alien, all right? So like I said, I say, keep his ass here. Oh, that's right. I forgot. I forgot we got all these goddamn, pro-fag priest here. Send to the Netherlands, okay? I'll have a good time over there. Send to Amsterdam. What's wrong with that? That would be better and go to Disney World. I'm gonna get a good education. Don't have to worry about some priests molesting him. Walk around in the streets when he's six years old. See all those big dill rows in windows by the time he's seven, eight, and no big deal for what I got. In one of those, Sam. Right. I'm serious. That's the way it works in the real world. As opposed to this constipated repressive crap, while the kids are in the Western Hemisphere getting molested by their priest and everybody else in their parents, too, by the way. They're wonderful loving parents. Sam getting all worked up about this and I got this damn stomach. So I shouldn't do this. I should stay nice and calm because I'm not sound much better today. I feel like almost the human being. And I think I will get over this sometime in the next five months. Maybe go out of the end of this year. Yeah, it's the Y2K bug. I got it. Anybody else out there got it? Oh. 25 past 11 at 5.60, WQA, where the construction project continues molingering on, man. It just continues on and on and on. And in the meantime, we still want to know where the other 1150 boxes. You see, I know now like Greg Reed don't show a space near very often, because if I were him and they had promised set a one in the funds from that thing and we had all that hassle and they agreed on a total of 2500 bucks and they can't even come up with the other 1150 dollars for them. And they raised 110 grand in revenue billing on some bogus bunch of promos that people have even got spots for. Not to mention OJ and the so-called OJ related expenses and the investment in humiliation that went along with that. And the fact that the company never donated one dime to our center one fundraiser this year. If I were the general manager, I wouldn't be able to walk in here and look at me with a straight push. And he doesn't. 26 after 11 at 5.60 WQA, I'm lucky. Hey, Captain with no Cisco. Starting in man, so go back and win. Win nice. Only a fourth radio 5.62 A. And a father of two, God. He started out the regular guy who joined the director. He used to hurt and made me ultimate sacrifice and brazen Brazing celebrity, father of two. Amen. 1. 1. 1. At times with father, his earthly means. God bramount his choice. He found the way he's get really, but also he's young boys father of two. Amen. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 2. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 1. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 3. 6. 4. 4. 8. 3. 1. 2. All here's some good news, faced with the threat of losing a high profile customer, real net worths his reach to New Agreement with Yahoo that will keep the real players in option A Yahoo. The United States radio station page according to Welfare Source, the agreement signed late late last week called Yahoo's plan to operate live streaming media feeds more than 400 radio stations to fill you almost exclusively in Microsoft's Windows Media format. Real network shares plundered nearly 16% last year, the news of a switch to Microsoft despite her insurance is for real, then it's relationship with strong. So that's a good news. You're keeping them on there. I don't even like that. There's good news. Finally, oh, by the way, speaking of good news, this is not good news, but just to show that I don't try to like play one side against yet, or cover things up like our local newspaper. Michigan State players bail out of jail. We had plenty of scumbags up there when I was going to school, and I'm sure now that I got like 50,000 students there. They got many, many more times, you know what I'm saying? Especially student athletes. Michigan State's Sotopea Marcus Pico and his brother were bailed out of jail a day after they arrested the for-person, anti-generalando, where the Spartans defeated the Florida Gator and a citrus bowl. And then they went to the last second field goal, and I was going, the last second field goal in the bowl. I've just these spurious for a lot of time at the bowl, for hours after that game. That's about the top of the top of the top of the bottom of the bottom of the bottom. Right next these spurious. Vail was set at $4,500 for Pico's charge with robbery, battery, and the battery on an officer is brother Milton Pico, 28 is charged with robbery, battery resisting your arrest with the out violence, head bail said at $35,000. So Tupi Pico's accused of head-butting an officer was searching in police said the officer was wearing a bicycle home that was not hurt. Well, thank God for that. All you cops out there either be wearing a bicycle or a hockey helmet at all times, and you won't be hurt when you get hit by some hysterical football player. So you see disgrace comes to Michigan State and I'd take it like a real man. Just like this picture of Tom Brady, the man who's left me as a holiday gift. I accept this as a real man. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Carl Spring, so long. I think what we need to do in the old is take all the criminal athletes and bring back the Roman fighting the lion situation. And that way just because people want to see that anyway. Happy, as he said, my Collins was just caught trying to break into the Colosseum and Rome. Before I get to Cuba, happy, it's not the millennium. Well you're going to Cuba? No, it was beautiful in the 50s from what I understand. I never went to, but as you a little shopping, get a little cigar. I'll take the word for it. But happy, it's not the millennium. And if they wanted to avoid terrorism, why couldn't they just say that? It's not the millennium until next year. And that way they wanted to have any problem. Don't you understand this country is all about making money? Of course. Now we can have another big, you know, we can have a real new millennium thing. Make it, make this one look like small potatoes after terrorism. Now of course, now the news has nothing else to talk about except the fact that maybe we got skin and sustainability billings as always because nothing happened. Well, that's why you six crap. I'm not saying that we spent, that we probably did spend so much money. That's the whole idea of fixing so many of those things. There was a lot of the economy, though. So it doesn't make any difference. The fact that we spent a lot of money, I mean, we can't worry about people who are starving, that's what we don't, or about educating the kids because we don't care about those things in the first place. Oh no. At least somebody spent a lot of money in the economy. Well, one thing did not work yesterday for what I found. Because I want to go to the market. I go to an ATM, I get cash and that's how I, we've thought about this before we say I have one. I call that this before. I want to mention again because yesterday every, I went to four different stores, every single store, two people in front of me, one person in front of me, this stupid debit machines never worked or it's the 90 year old lady. I'm going to bed again. I want to cash only. That's what I'm asking for. That's all I'm asking for. If you don't want to get rid of the stupid debit machines, they got an ATM machine in a supermarket. You can write checks in a supermarket. What do they just have that? Yeah. I want to go with my eight items and pay on that. I don't want to sell online with people who are paying real money. I don't want to. I don't want to credit cards. I don't want debit cards. I don't want checks. I don't want the food stand. I don't want any of that crap. I don't want cash. Now, Q, I got to mention this and I'm glad to bring you the, you are got because you only purchase one. It's so true. It took us 150 years to give a take to any of the greater British rule. Castro has been there for about 50 years. I think we feel guilty. We feel guilty because we back to Rover Batista. That's why we feel guilty. It's never sure what's happened to right if it was stopped right at the get go. How I guess the situation, of course, is it? If it seemed like a pretty good guy at the time, we thought it was from Berkeley. Well, you know, it was even though a good guy at the time. Yeah, he had a car. He had a car. Musta, she got it when it went there. I would almost, I don't know. Maybe I should vote for the cat, even though he's a little nuts. Because hopefully just to see what he would do for for you. Yeah. I'll tell you one thing, you get a great shower for free. I'll drop the soap. When you get the soap, you might find that the center of your nervous to help to make it. That could be fun to get in. But what's the situation? If we don't allow the folks to land and turn it around and Castro does that wet then. Well, only if you just remember, WNW2, which you and I were told enough, I don't know when you were born, but I was born, but I wasn't always there. But it didn't write the St. Louis, the ship that came here with all those the desperate use from Europe. They went to Canada and came here in the beach and rose about to get it out of here. They went back and most of those people by the way died in concentration camps. In care of in Castro's case, if we didn't let them win and they want back there and can't hurt it. Let the second in the country, they would get eaten by the sharks and said, after one of the times, people would say, well, I guess we can't do this. Yeah. That's the whole point. Well, see, this point is that as long as they keep letting people in, I mean, I'm in Santa Cruz. All right. I was right. So long as they keep letting people in, the message goes out just like during Mario. Oh, hey, get in the banana book. Get on a rubber wrap. And once you get there, just touch a towing of soap and you're in. You're in. And as soon as the word were come out, that we're stopped doing that for people would stop trying to get. And if we do the same thing with the Haitians, and now we make an exception for them, we're going to be having both those Haitians. Airbeeh God, then they just like we did years ago. And you're every stick in day. And you're right about the Europeans because when I've been to Europe, and I'm sure that everybody else has didn't, they would agree with a laughing stock because of the way we run things. We worry about the president getting a little B.J. But we do all these other stupid things to make life. So we're going to be in school. And have a great day, sir. Thank you. God bless you. And I'll pray for you. Okay, five six seven. I've got a couple lines open here. These lines are to be smoking today, by the way. Are they smoking? No. No. Also on air, second day back on the phone, they're going to show me a thing or two. And they have yesterday, they showed me a thing or three. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Our worldwide toll free line. We had one call on there today from out of town with some jackass from Baltimore. Picking on Georgia's good friend, Jeff Rimmer, and I take great exception to that. 877-785-63345. Probably some got it bottom of me and years ago never reciprocated. 877-785-63345. Of course that could be almost anybody. Here's a Miami. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I know that your job is to work up the go to the streets and get your ratings up because that's part of the game. What does that mean? Well, the more I hear you, the more I realize just how odd it is for me. I don't know if you do that. A bunch of all one. The rest of Latin America has some form of democracy good or bad between or indifferent by the pastoral set of talentaries in regime with the tremendous amount of pressure. Well, let me ask you. We pressure there. We pressure. We didn't jail for it. In the last 20 years, how about perigway? Did they have democracy in perigway in Argentina? How many totalitarian governments were in power in the last 20 years all over Latin America? Well, that's exactly my point. What do you hear comparing apples or oranges? The concentrated, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, They're doing their own part on limited numbers of people coming from those countries. Oh, that's not my point. So what is the point? Okay, the point is this, you're saying that they're the same thing. They're not the same thing. So let's get that straight. There's a huge difference. You wanna do what's going on. What is your Bible score on the rest of Latin America? Yeah. But, and, but, I think, we're, I'm gonna make a very revolutionary statement to you, sir. And that is that most of the people are coming here from Cuba and all Latin America. They're economic refugees, not political refugees. Well, you know what? And everybody, you know what that, you know what? Everybody was like, you, everybody was like, you, everybody was like, you, everybody was like, you, you know what, you, you know what, you would need is to go to Cuba live there. Be persecuted, put your ass in jail. We'll do the concentration. How about that? Come back and say how about your eyes, are the Chinese, are the Chinese persecuted? You want to? Sir, are the Chinese, probably, you know what, I, I wanna see you. But you're gonna have to answer me, I'll throw, I'll show you. Okay. Yeah, this person, you're using me, I'm gonna do a call on this show. You're giving me your, just now because you, I, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, are, you just, what you want to do in the community, sir. You, people, you and your, you, you wanna tell that you wanna make the rules for all of the rest of us. And the answer is, no, not on this show. You don't make the rules for how I do a phone call. For what I have to think. Economic refugees, it's got 99% of these people coming here are not coming to escape political persecution. They're coming here because they want, they want a better life. And better life has got very little to do with politics that has to do with economics. It has to do with material goods. So all these material things that are being showered on, alien. That's gotten nothing to do with government. It has to do with political pandering. You know, it's not a new notice as well as I do. So next time you want to have a conversation, I'll be glad to discuss it with you, sir. But don't be so arrogant and unobnoxious as to call here and tell me how I'm going to conduct a conversation with you on your ground rules. Just like we have others of your country, men who come to this, this soil and then tell us how we're going to run our government, how we're going to run our immigration policy, how we're going to do everything. Or they're going to go out in the streets and get pissed off again. See, that's what people resent. I hate to break the news to you, my friend. That's what people resent. I'm not trying to not be so optimistic and disgusting. And didn't want to answer the question about the Chinese and about the two Chinese that were on a guy that they're in both from Haiti. Because obviously they do come from a not just a repressive regime, but a communist country. It should have the same policy. Communists are companies to so how come we don't have the same policy for Chinese? Do we? No, not a embargo. But we don't. The Chinese they can get a hearing. And of course, it's a little bit farther across the Pacific. And they can get a hearing. But just because they step one to one American soil, does that mean they can stay here? No. They don't have a constituency. Exactly. They have a lot of people there, but they're not a political force. They don't have rosandros and adenate in Congress, screaming and yelling and curing on with Jose Lea, a stinking, a stinking. Oh, why not? There's a little bit of a gimme again. It's a bit too busy making it for your answer. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line, 11, 40 at QAS. This is 560. QAS, 15, 50, QAS. Get the honey, Junior. Yeah. For 200Hz, 20 now 98%00. 20%- whoa. 200% ... NO!! Making a thrive, for one, whoever works.. Hi guys, Surviving! Find Me, Yoga Persic, LOVE it! Luckly . Who's closing you hand? What a big body, Shots on earth and Look at the time And I found the truth Loading my gaze And being a little And being a ghost stop God of the day What's the worst inside it To what is you to what's made me Where all the sight of that can hit me If you rude Why the time Can't you just move And jump jump Where are you now It's that you float in A front my mind I can't jump And being a problem Loading my gaze Can't be a fool Loading my gaze Can't be a fool Loading my gaze Can't be a fool 16 till noon at 5.60 WQA Speak at a poverty by the way Where the hell's that stuff from my yesterday? Will all those great poll questions? Then I want to see the country that's got the fewest TV sets Because if they got fewer than like even in Venezuela What are all slippers? Everybody's got a TV set You know what country I was? With two TV sets for 1,000 people Chad I got it I know him Remember Chad and Jeremy? Countries with the fewest TV with the most TV sets Of course if you say What are you going to say? Let me find this one moment please Got a hate when this happens I'll find it 5.605.505.60 on the AT&T line Here's a mobile in Miami Hello How's it going Neil? Okay sir This is Miguel, you're Cuban in Miami And I want to talk to all my brothers and sisters out there That keep on complaining about the way that it is over here in this country I serve my country for eight years in the military And I pay my taxes and I'm sick and tired I've heard all those other Cubans out there complaining about the selective little racism that they got going You know most of you 99.9% of you come to this country to be on the welfare And if you don't like the way I'm talking, I can prove it to you Go down to all that when you're Miami Lakes And everything is out there, it's going to be Cubans living in government housing Because they don't have a life They come over here for the welfare dream Not for the American dream, for the welfare dream Wanted to get taken care of by somebody else You guys need to get a life And talk about people having racism against you How many Cubans were out there Thank you for the Haitian yesterday None That's not true There's a big article in the paper that the Cuban leaders were out there supporting The first time the better late they're never Okay, they all come down Okay, have a great day Okay Don't start, don't start with a well-her And the least don't start getting the fence and the way to the Cuban What? He was enough to come Oh, here we go Okay, he was probably part of the region The top 10 radio users in countries in the world US has got the per 1,000 people, 2115 So, in other words, most people had a little over two radio in this country Fallen by the Brits, Australia, Finland, Czech Republic Czech Republic, they took a lot and listen to radio Canada, Korea, New Zealand, Switzerland and Number 10, the Netherlands They smoke a lot too and listen to the radio And drink a lot of coffee They're number two in coffee consumption, by the way, the Dutch Culture is with the few STV sets Well, with most TV sets, obviously, per 1,000 people US with 847 Canada and Japan tie for second, seven or eight Britain, Australia, France, Oman, Oman See what's on TV, Oman Latvia, Germany, Norway and Germany But the Culture is with the few STV sets And the reason I bring this up now is because it ties to the citizens of slippers So, you're always wanting to compare, who's suffering And I'm always too scared of those persecuted, the audio The audio, the audio, the joke in the song and the dance Just that tancy drive through Caracas That should be all I need to see about Latina America Plus of course, it's stuff that I've read Because I do read, I'm like most people in this country I'm like George, who's too busy watching God damn Star Trek Huh? Star Wars Some crap, but at any rate Chad and Malawi Two, two per 1,000 It's like one per village Mozambique and Nepal Four, the Central African Republic, Ethiopia and Haiti Six, Haiti, Typhre number six See that they got TV sets in Cuba Of course, they're not only seeing the Olai La Vuscivi Runs but nevertheless What's wrong with Balaloo? And by the way, you know, speaking of Cubans I don't want to pick up because I did like Lusci and Desi But one thing about Desi Arns And Emily was alive, he didn't think that was good So how do you like that? Then Bangladesh, right behind Central African Republic, Ethiopia and Haiti Which you're tied for six, number nine is Bangladesh So Haiti is even worse off over a six TV sets for 1,000 people And if you don't have a TV set, just as there's slippers in the Caracas If you don't have a TV set, what's the point even being alive? These days And if you don't have a radio, how can you listen to that? Oh God! We got millions and millions and millions and millions In fact, they were talking about these statistics They were bragging about the percentage of the world It's living above the poverty line It's over a billion people living in poverty in the world Maybe it's too big and something like that Desi Arns, economic refugees Don't please give me this crap about persecution and political And that's all bull crap People were politically persecuted One of the T-shirts that was there too And as long as they had money, as long as they were part of the ruling class They were happy as pigs in Schmidt How do you like that? So as long as you're part of the, we have got it You don't care about politics and repression As long as you're not the ones being repressed So don't feel me that line of bullshit, Ashmit 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line Lot of open lines here today All of a sudden the cats got their tongue on this one Including Cecil Collins by the way I see again I'm the only person that saw that thing on the news last night About him confessing I'm the only person that saw Monica Get the lift by Larry King all over her body for forty minutes last night What's the point? What's the point in these phone calls? Do they respond to what I'm talking about? We get arrogant assholes like that guy a couple of minutes ago Who want to tell me how to do a phone call? Tell me how to do a talk show And that's all for that You can't think for sh**t Here's Miami, hello Yes sir, how are you doing? Okay, happy New Year, to end the same year sir Well, I was actually a couple of things. First of all, A man to the old cash line. Actually, I was calling because of that little alien boy. Billion. Billion. Is that a good one? Yeah. Well, first of all, we should send his ass back. Right. And his ass back before that priest gets him. Well, you never know. But yeah, send him back. And you know, to hell with the Cubans in their backlash. You know, if they want to go out and run a riot, you know, run a muck, you know, run the streets, block a traffic, let them have the county in the sea. Doesn't have them right. I say, we see the county's ass. The class action lawsuit. We get an ormokent. We see their ass. There you go. No, 50. I mean, because your magicians 50 bucks. That's on the front. That. He knows his ass. Back home. I mean, game magic and 50 bucks. Everybody's looking at the ball. That's nice. Some of the change. No, no, that. You know, hey, if you're not going to take care of the people the way the children fairly, they, you know, hey, we're going to sue you. And every time that you don't know, or we're just going to run a big and impeachment campaign is what we're going to do. That would be a good idea. I like it. I like it, but you know, you need some of my old digging. DJs, but they are deaf. So you never know. So basically, that's all I was going to say. Okay. I had taken it. I bless you, sir. Whatever you said. 1500 open line here today. If you wanted the phone calls back, you got him. Here's your chance. Here's your opportunity. You guys have a lot to say. We're just waiting to hear it. 567. 0. 560 pound. 560 on the 18 T line out of timeline. Dad is in the ornale 877. See, it's back to this again. I don't like this. I do not like this. I do like like, pumping these numbers. Got 50,000 different exciting things going on here today. Things that you want to have an opinion about. Anybody got any more information for us about that. Who ring? No, the cops down there and can't. Oh, I keep asking that day after day after day after day. They'll ever get a response. No, you want to know why because nobody's got, well, somebody's got some information. We're not going to hear about it. I would say that that scandal is like one step away from the JFK and the Martin Luther Coo and the Ababa Kennedy assassinations. As far as somebody somewhere knows, but we're never going to get the answers. Just like the gay and your Hoover mysteries. I mean, we found out they'd like to dress up and drag, but that's all we're going to know. Pretty sad. Pretty damn sad because people don't care their priorities are totally upside down. We had a great party there. Why do K happy New Year? Got a lot of abuser. Got, yeah, that's it. It's all they care about. ATM worked the next day. They got a few bucks out to go buy some more boo. And that's it. That's all you need to know. Go down the little Jamaica town by some more good weed. Yeah, I'm more. You need. You said good weed. Here's Miami. Hello. Good afternoon. Good evening. Good morning. Miles closed. Good morning. Listen, you've got an obligation to shock for it. Seeing as you've reached the fruits and the spoils from this area for 25 years. You cannot leave here without passing the guitar into somebody. I'm a gringo. You're all fruit here. Soon as you're gone, Betty. It's early in a gross laden and a sharp tongue. I was going to pass to the town to a good American like George. No, no, no. See, we're back with that car. That color from two colors. I don't feel like you're. I mean, like George, that color two colors of the letter. You ready? Let him stay here. We need guys like that. Does that make you all? That or you had a call and said, I don't know. So forget those Cuban colors. I think you mean that moly that call to come up. That was last guy. I think you'd track me have somebody at the next today. You know, you're the first white guy that's called in months. And I'm not sure I'm totally white. I've been with you. Probably not. Probably not. No, I'm probably a little alien. Probably got a little something in you. I've had something in a little something. But anyway, you know, um, one series question here. I'm going to go out and buy a phone. This is true. What kind of five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18-to-I. Hey, I was thinking to go out and buy an assorted, you know. Now, what would be a good, I mean, I got an upset stomach with a stomach virus. And I don't want caffeine and I don't want, um, diet right would be good. Doesn't that have caffeine? No. That right. So they have caffeine free diet right? Are you sure? Oh, no, diet right. I used to get that all the time. You're right. But it has ass pertainment at all. But isn't it made by R.C.? It has ass pertainment and don't you understand? And R.C. puts a splinter in there. But they also have the caffeine in there. You can't get one with you. There's no caffeine for you. They all have something bad. Now, okay, let's, I'm going to go out and get a phone. What, what would you recommend? How about a note and, and by the way, it's not note to here. That's the guy that cuts the spot. It's not no key. I hate to write it. It's no key. And it's not from your pants. It's made in Finland. Finland. You got it. Finland. I don't know that either. But when you learn something that was not about it important, it really does make a difference. They work great. But it's just nice to know things. I know that's a revolutionary concept for many people in this country. It's just nice to know things to enrich your brain with something in there. That might come in handy, something like maybe Dick Clark or some other Dick or give him a million dollars on a quesio. If he asks you where is no key, it may. Where were they hang out? Because if you don't know your finish and that's where it is, it's in Finland. How do you like that? And I keep it in my, it's in Finland. Oh, it's in Finland. Ever been Helsinki? I have. How do you like that, Mr. Smarty pants? I did not expect that call before giving me a son. I don't know this. I don't know that. I got news for you, pal. I don't live in some narrow little goddamn 10 block area of goofballs like you do. I get around. I get all of the goddamn world. Have I been to Cuba? No. No thank you. Have I been Israel? No. No thanks. I don't want to go where it is like people who live like that. Where people want to kill you? Exactly. For example, I see this picture of this attorney Spencer Ige, you know, the one of the attorney for the relatives of a poor little ill ill over here. This orthodox Yidd with his beard and the schmatt today's wearing. Oh, if I could begin to tell you every time I see his post on TV, I just want to, I just, I'm just up to it. And is this an interesting marriage, by the way? So many of those pharbys and anti-symmic old hardline Cubans who are now closing up sucking up to this orthodox regular ordinary Jewish rabbi. But this orthodox Jewish rabbi. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Yeah, when you need that. Yeah, when you need a good Jew, there we get this for you. When you need a good Jew, lawyer, then all of a sudden they're good guys. Give it to that Jew, lawyer, in the Bronx. See everything that you can talk about, there's a great line in the Godfather for every single a matter what the situation is no matter what the person is. God. I mean, if we really wanted a straightness problem out, where would we who would we go see? Sounds cool, y'all. Like I said, there you go. If we want a straightness thing out easily, we're not all this civil unrest and crap. Four minutes till noon, we're in the five 60 WCWM. So the coast is clear now. That's a good deal. Oh, wow. I'm here too early. I'm here too early. The castle is like no one ever be. For any wash, I have a Jake's morning, their life is a shit. I will travel across the world. He can get you to talk to my dear. That's good to know. The dress like a girl. I'm sure they love to be here. We get really gentle trust like the... And try to say our tires, see, age, castle day for your last stage is one way of motion to be present. We need what I say to you. That's my very standard job. True or I'll live my dress and shake me. Come, boom, boom, boom, boom. He's on the show, he's in the top. I'm so happy. Oh, he's on the show. All right, Trump doing right on the nose here. 560 WCWM. I got Hank from McCool City at two. Hank with Rob Conrad at five. Boom, Trump at six o'clock. And then the actual championship game tonight. The sugar bowl, the FSU, the seminals. And the verdune attack. I got to be watching that. No, no. Or listening to it, we'll have a listening. Oh, 560, 0560, pound 560. On the AT&T line, no forget it will be a next cigar is George Annih. There'll be one Cuban one Anglo. We'll be there this Saturday. Not for politics. We'll be there this smoke on there. You know, we can all agree on that. Nothing like puffing on a big... Brown one. At next cigar is this Saturday from noon to two. We'll have cigar rolling demonstrations. Sampling of Annihizer, bushes, new products. To keys to and Rumba and food and entertainment. And as a partridge in the peri-tree. And I bet you your good buddy, what's the name shows up there too on Saturday? What's the name, you know? I know. I can't think of the name. He'll be taught. Don't tell me, I'm sorry. 560, 0560, pound 560. Tony's got 74, 260, too. Taped up any around your shirt. Go and tone it. 560, 0560. Look at us pretty weak. Here's a mobile in the keys. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how was your new year? Great. Oh, my was I... Get the hell out of the way! All right, nobody knows how to drive down here. I'll listen. I'll talk about your top allegation. Oh, no. You're a black guy. You know as well as I do. The deem migration problem in this country is more to do with economics. It has to do with politics. That's all I've just been saying for the last half hour, yes. You know, it's real men because they take jobs. There's nobody will think. And if they want to do you got it, wait a minute. You got to ask backwards. No, the point is this that it has to do with economics. Some of the people are trying to get in. People are slipperers. People are coming from desperate economics streets. We're looking to have a better life economically. Not because they want political freedoms. Because quite frankly, this is a police day anyway. I agree with you there. But you got to think about something. Do you know the amount of jobs? The immigrants take at a low rate of pay. They did say, would have to hire somebody and just pay a minimum wage. The cost is, I mean, tomato would cost you six or seven. Well, let me ask you this. How many workers in this country are going to pick tomatoes? Oh, not many. None. Zero. There are a lot of things. Sir, with all the respect, I understand what you're saying. But use the very bad example. In fact, there are many other minimum wage jobs that they cannot find people to take the jobs. Okay. What can you imagine? What I'm not saying is an excuse for bringing in cheap illegal aliens. But I'm just stating a fact that's the way it is. Because we've got a lot of lazy shipless people. And that's why you know, eliminating wealth, we're all together with the way to go. And if we're not a job, even if it's picking tomatoes, if you're physically able to do it, and that's the best we can do for you, take it or goodbye. Take it or good luck. I guess. Oh, no, it's not, I guess. So that's the way it should be in a real world. Okay. No more handouts for people who have the physical ability to do a job. If you want to work fine, if not you run your own good luck here. Oh, well. Okay. Five, six, seven, five. It's just, there's nothing complicated about it. Worker die. There you go. Worker die. Worker is not what the Nazi said. Our bite, uh, what how's it going German? We have this to make you go. No, no seriously. Our bite, uh, my, uh, dear fry. So that's not how it goes. But no, no, our bite, my fry. Worker will make you free. That's what it says. When you get with it, you've got to get out of your little goddamn human world. And get into the real world. Start hanging out with some Nazis. I don't see them Nazi. Yeah, well, we work here. Five, six, seven, five, 60. Of course, it worked for Mike Disney. He had a little mustache boy. But he had been a good SS guy. Well, uh, he used a puke in a waste basket. He was too nervous. He could never, he could never withstood the a pressure. Here's a, uh, mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil God. Yes, sir. Neil, I'm seriously just just jonesing right now for my Panthers. Yeah. These long spaces. This schedule of the schedule is a joke. I mean, I don't even know if they exist anymore. They're red hot, breand that big game that they're saying in Saturday, which I missed I was at the town. And they don't play again till tomorrow night and wait a hell out on the West Coast. What kind of a schedule is this? Yeah, that's the quirky thing I've ever seen. Oh, it sucks. I mean, and um, you know, kind of got my satellite. This is so I could see those maple leaves kicked some buffalo ass last night. I could even for that embarrassment on Saturday when the least were all hung over. And lucky you, uh, speaking of the least, I can't wait for the rematch in the playoffs with the least. Yeah. Yeah. That game was so great. That was worth no matter who you're rooting for. That was worth a price of the mission. Yeah. That game reminded me of like a great horse race where the one, like a horse moves a little too soon on the far-turn and on the horse with the son of a class has one last night. That's like an aladar in a firm than they've Belmont in the third and third rematch in the triple crown. And the right was on a rail with Stevie Cosson. Here comes Aladar on the outside and Chick-Cosson. As an Aladar's got a lady put a nose in front. And then here comes a firm back on the inside and beat him at the wirebion. Exactly. That Stevie Cosson. Oh, man. That was a, that was a big melon there. You bet. Okay, pal. All right, you know, go on. Let's go. Nice game last night. By the way, baby. Maple Leaf. I think it's some serious ask 54 points. Pat Quinn will be coaching the, uh, a Western, a hemisphere, whatever the call him. And the alstar game. That all star game. What a joke. Although it will be at the air Canada center. Or at least our averaging standing room only capacity plus. How do you like that, huh? Capacity plus the averaging for every home game. There were standing in the rafters. They were standing out there on goddamn base street. They were there as a flush jam into the union station. Walk to a binoculars last night. As Sergei bears in an equal corollar head to goals of peace and Kevin Adams had his first ever NHL goal. Who had the other one by the way? Let's see. Two, four, five. I'll think of it. Who had the other goal for least last night, by the way. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. We could sit here from now until the cows come along. I have to look at him. I forget. I can't believe I forgot that. Jesus. That's bad. At the right, that kicked him up all the way. I think I have 54 points. They lead the conference. The only one point behind the toy. I'll tell you a great final. Here's a great NHL stand-up final. The Toronto Maple East and the Detroit Redway is two of the original. It's a good one. I would have to put me an intensive care with an oxygen mask on. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Thank you sir. I'm calling an immigration story. Yes sir. I'm from a country that is a dictatorship equal to or perhaps worse in Cuba. I can't help you go to that. It's ambient. Yeah, you know, central Africa. Oh my God. Wow. I came in here legally. I paid in an immigration lawyer, a lot of money to get me in. I've never taken a hand out of no ask for any social security or welfare. And they're like that. I paid my taxes. I don't have a problem with the Cuban people. I don't have a problem with Cubans. I have a lot of Cuban friends. The only thing I have a problem with is they're feeling that somehow they should be able to get in there. Easy. The word that you're looking for is entitlement. They have this feeling of entitlement like somehow they're at their front of the line. And because of the Bay of Pigs, they're for for all time from now until the end of time, that will entitle them to come in here in his big numbers as they want. And it's blue crab. It's most men. Sure. And the other difference I see between them and me is that they were fortunate to be looking at any mild. Exactly. That's right. Geographic location. That's the whole reason that we're settled with this here in South Florida. If we could just have that island drift a little further to the east. You know, I think like in the middle of the Atlantic. And we don't wish him no ill, but that would do a lot of good for us. You need there. And I'm quite open about it. I came here or I came from a dictatorship, but I came here to better myself. That's for political reasons right. And because of the quality of life. There are 10 people on the face of this globe who come to this country because of political repression. That's all bull. Margaret? Okay. Good luck, pal. Thanks. There's a good upstanding man from, that's our first color ever from Zambia. I don't really like that. I mean, he wasn't calling from Zambia. Because I think they're way down there on the phone list. Oh yeah, there's also a list here who's got the most phones. The top 10 mainline telephone users per 1000. Sweden number one. Switzerland number two. US number three. See, that's why we don't get as many calls as we should because the guy named US is lagging behind. And we've had calls from the Sweden. Now that I think of it. Am I right? Yes, we have. How you like that? Number four, Denmark. Number five, Norway. See, those northern, those Scandinavian countries. It's quartered and shmit up there. As we've all day, I hang out on the phone a lot. What else are they going to do? Canada number six, France number seven Hong Kong number eight, Netherlands number nine. There you go. In Finland number 10. They got that phone stuck to their rectum year. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Western. Hello. Western. Yeah, hello. Yes, sir. Hawaii. Great. I've never done this before, so I'm going to be a little nervous. I'll try and pull it together. But nevertheless, nevertheless, I've been living here in South Florida 19 years. I go out on the bicycle six days a week. I go from Western to Carl Springs and back, which is well over 30 miles a day. And from Western to Hollywood. And I see things on the bicycle. I like to get it off my chest. Number one, you sit in a bicycle? No, I see things. I see things, writing the bicycle that most people don't see in their cars because they go on 45, 50 miles an hour. I'm going 15. So I see many, many more cars than the average person in the car. Yeah. And here's what I discovered in 19 years. I don't think there are three people in all of South Florida who deserve a driver's life. Right. You and I and maybe George. Okay. That's three. Nobody's got those right on. Before sunrise, if the sundown rainy days, dark cloudy days, no sun. Nobody has the directions. How about the animals? How about the animals? How about the animals? They're handsidled at the last two weeks. Which is against the law. Yeah. Or the people driving with their parking lights on, which is also against the law. How about the Australia, the fall, jumping to the rear? Right. And they don't see my bike because their wife is telling him what she's going to do to the one, what you get from it on tonight. Right. You know, he's not watching my bike. The speeding, everybody knows about it. And who in the world down here knows what the word STOP means? These people are kids driving graduates. Yeah. They're stupid. And I just want to let them know. That's one of the sheriff's departments. Right. Yeah. Going to the sheriff's department, I appeared to be the only person down here who's fighting back. Number two, I believe 90. What are you doing shooting them on a way by or by? That's it. Yeah. You've seen me. I got to the imaginary gun to the helmet. Yeah. Anyway, 98% of the people in my opinion, living down here is a totally brain dead. The word, please, thank you. May I excuse me. You're welcome. People go through a swing. I think they want a wake-up man. She's in in the leg. Yeah, that might do. Okay. Good luck to Pal. See you on the highway. Hopefully you're not flattened out. 560, 560, Pomp 560, and Amsterdam. A lot of people get around on bicycles. In fact, any enormous number of people ride bikes. Do you imagine like this, could poor guy? Slip it around on a bicycle here. And the middle of all these crazy people. He's talking about it. And he's got a completely correct. Speaking of nuts, like all Americans. The sports leader. Sports, radio. 560, 2A, and the sun. Show us. I fucking found a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. I'm not a suit. You never heard of it. We are in. We have to hold it over. Did it just to get out. Did it just to get out these 4 years. ized, so we turn on the tube and have a cable. Oh, L  dot A lie. For 14 and 560wwwn I'm on a great Tuesday, January 4th, 2000. very curious about that for a long time. For a long time and now that we're here I'm like, uh, I don't know what to say about. What do you call it? Yeah. Like, uh, 1995, 1996, 1998, 99 and now 2000, then it's sound right. The double watts. 20 double watt, like Chetrobo Dean. And when what are we going to do when it gets to be next year, 2001, that's going to be real bad. We're going to say 20 or one. Yeah. 2001. Oh, one. Or how much is saying one? Oh, huh. Now if we say zero for 2000, then that takes away our argument about this not being the beginning of the millennium because then they'll say, oh, you see, there is a zero. This is it. There's the year zero. So if it's the, if 2000, it can be, wait a minute. I'll say if it's 2000, can be zero before 2001, then before the year 1 AD, it could have been year zero. Of course, it was. But hey, but hey, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6. Yeah, let's go shoot somebody in our human about whether it's really the beginning of the millennium. Come on, let's see. The American effort in way, man. Come on. If we get to reread this story at this to letter from the good, Wigim Donna Hugh, the president of the Catholic League. Because there may have been a lot of people on vacation during the holidays. And I want to make sure that they realize that they would Catholic Church to Catholic League after is at it again in regards to this show. I think it's appropriate. They're symbol is a sword. Yeah. And I'm a little bit worried that he writes a little bit of Mr. Greg Reed station master not manager or mangle station master like I'm on a cut shoe. Yeah, exactly with my sword. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Also, Miami reports fewer murders. I'm called a really part of the show on a hot-catchel league about this then, which that wasn't the time. And Mayor Joe Carrillo, he's thrilled last year, the lowest number and more than 32 years only used 71 people killed in the city of Miami. How do you like that? The lowest since the late 60s when the population was almost 200,000 less, LBJ was present to Vietnam, where was going on, etc. and so on. The homicide telly hasn't been this low since 1967 when 47 people were killed in Miami. Only 71 people did in Miami. Now, of course, there are civilized countries around the world where they don't have 15 people murdered all year long, where they have many, many more people living than in Dave County, where there only has a couple of million people. But we're supposed to be excited and very proud. Only 71 people and by the way, if you think that's great, in Dave County there are only 227 homicides last year. Let's hear it. Down from 279 to here before. Now, what was that figure that I gave for like Windsor Ontario? Remember what we do in the comparison Detroit and Windsor Detroit was like 350 some and Windsor was one. 2018 something like that. So we got to be really proud. Yeah, murders are going down. We can just get a few more guns in circulation. We'll have this thing looked. Here's Candle. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. It's Mr. Rogers. Speaking. Are you doing, sir? Great. My name is Brady. I'm my agent and I feel that it's up to us to hate and people to make our country a better place to live. That people don't have to keep coming. Well, how are you going to do that? Well, first of all, there's a strong lack of unity of my God. The Haitian people and I think that we need to stick together like the Cuban does. And help each other out and try to focus on something. But you see, the Cuban said a big advantage when a first came here and that is that they were much better educated and that they had job skills and of course, as you know, in your country, the education level of education is very, very low and there's rampant poverty and there's a very, your tremendous amount of illiteracy. And as a result, it's hard to become a political force when you don't have an education and you don't have any money. That is true. And that's where the government and Haiti fell to us. And I think they need to focus on that question. And of course, who put that government there? Well, Neil, if you know anything about our history, usually they're dictators and they just, uh, but the dictators were the puppets of this country, though, that's my point. And that is that if we're going to use that as an excuse, the excuse being that, you know, the US didn't get with a Castro, in fact, they helped me get in the first place in Cuba and we're responsible for him than Haiti would have a very legitimate argument to same thing. Right, but Neil, listen to this. I think the US has been very good to us. Those of us that allow to come here. And I don't think it would be fair for them just to open the door. I agree. We're all done. All done. Come in here. We've just got shot today. I just shot it. But, uh, for example, I visited the Dominican Republic, which is right next door to us. Or did you take no pause when you went there? Well, that's a bad place. But that's a bad place. They're working very hard to make their country a better place. They're talking to the Minicana. Yeah, and they were supporting some of the Haitians there. And honestly, they're trying very hard to improve their economy and the standard of living. And I can't blame them for deporting the Haitians. They opened their doors in all of the Haitians going to flood to the other side. That would be good. Well, that boat loads every goddamn day of the week. Right. So I think it's up to us to focus in our country. Those of us who are out in the US, uh, you know, unite ourselves and try to make things better over there. And, uh, so we will have to keep coming over here. And, uh, and by creating all over the country. I'll tell you your country, and by the way, quit so on those baseball so tight. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. See you. Yeah, pretty soon. I'm going to be hitting 90 and 100 home runs here because they keep showing them tighter and tighter and tighter to come on. Loosen up a little bit. We have, please. No. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a lady in Naples. Hello. Hi. How are you doing? I can't believe we have a lady on this line. Sighting. Well, you didn't wish to want to enter number for a while. Sorry. You can say 877. Something. Yeah. It's a bad number. It's a crappy number. So you stomach hurts. I wouldn't say it hurts, but I have a lot of, uh, you know, I have intestinal flu. Gas flu discomfort. Gindrail on a cracker. Gindrail? Yeah. Gindrail on a cracker? No. Gindrail on Eda soda cracker. Uh-huh. Yeah. Okay. I appreciate the number. Gindrail. Uh-huh. Can't eat those soda crackers. They're on the acnes. Plus my mother didn't love my dog. Okay. You know, beef jerky and a glass of ginger. Yeah, beef jerky is always good when you have an upset stomach with all those chemicals in it. You know, that will be that will really. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I watched them play. Check some of the other day. Uh-huh. I don't like this. Yeah, that too. Thanks for a perpetuating intelligence. Okay. And have a great day sweetheart. Yeah. Thank you. Bye. Interesting. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T line and that tool for your line. She's right. I don't give it long enough and often enough and slow enough. You think long enough? I'll take that. Oh, God. 877. 785. 6345. See my philosophy is if it works it's long enough. 877. 785. 6345. Does it work? Uh-huh. Okay. No problem. Here's a lady mobile and cross-praying. Let's do back-to-back ladies here. Hello. Excuse me. It's you. Hi, my name's Andrea. I'm driving north on the Florida Turnpike to tell a happy. Wow. But the reason I'm calling you is because my boyfriend's following behind me is he's listening to you. Right. I was listening to my CD's. He told me that it's rolling down the window. Tell me something. I think you can. 560. So he thinks he's all over the list. And I'm just calling to humor him a little and say hi to Neil God. How old is your boyfriend? He's 21. 21. Yes. And we're both going to Florida State Watch the game tonight. How long you been going with him? Three years. Three years? Yep. Is he good in the sack? Oh, yeah. There you go. Well that's all. Very comfortable. Uh-huh. And is he making any money? He's got to come from some money in a family? Uh, he's just going to school right now. Does he have the doctor? So I will say. Oh, he's a doctor? Like I said hang on tights. We're hard. I will. Hang on. We're all tight. Happy New Year. And good luck to the whatever they are. The nose tonight. Thank you. And the tell Bobby Bobbie Zia who okay? Alrighty. Give your boyfriend a kiss for me sweetheart. Okay, yeah. Bobbie, right on the right. Okay. Um, which five six seven. Oh five sixty. Well I don't want him to drop off the road. I just sit right on the I'm trying to help him out. Okay. All the times like he's getting all the can handle. What and doubt put it out. How's so anybody see Monica last night? Oh no. Oh, oh, I just had to watch some of that. I just had to. I couldn't help myself. Huh? Why? Why not? Just to see what a simple jackass. He is close. Of course, the watch Larry do that. That lathering with the tongue job. They doesn't ever get my guess. It's not good friend. Didn't you already see the bubble wall. What? Interview? No, I did not. I don't want to. Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob. I will not watch the half to body. I will not watch that bitch. Oh, I mean Larry is obnoxious and hunchbacking sucks a lot. I asked those everybody money. But. Don't be frustrated. At least you don't have those speech impediment. See, I know that I know this sounds like a real big of a thing on my part. But I think if you're going to be a broadcaster. Like when he marches, I think you ought to be able to speak English. I speak some language and I have a speak defect. No, we kind of like your board having a show. I'm sorry, I'll blind my. I don't show. I'll blind my show. Do that's terrible. Mad, terrible. But I have to be true. She got him off that show. By the way, bitch, she was the one that drove into it. Who's that? Down. Bob, a wall. I know that. He hated that bitch. And she had the nerve. Oh, she was on with Larry. He was sucking her arm pit one night. And he asked her about, you know, he said to a wonderful man. And it was so proud to work with him. And I'm taking it myself. You will lie in bitch. See, that's another part of that whole Larry King thing. He sucks their ass. And then he lets him get away with these ridiculous answers. Long history. That's sure. No. Here's a mirror. Mar. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, you doing great. I'm happy to hear you here for a month-long. I'm the same Houston. I'll just take all over the news. We can I stayed at a very nice hotel in the area that Miami International Airport Hotel. Really? Yeah. And I noticed that there were a lot of um, um, the question. How you like that? He stayed in an airport here in my military. He never went to a hotel. Just go to MIA. In fact, I go in there about two to three in the morning and you'll be amazed what's going on in there. And you probably find a lot of your own people. 560, 50560, pound 560. She disguised right in there. Fags. Did he just say, fags? I don't think I'm going to be able to sleep tonight now. This guy just said, Fag George. At the hotel. Rectome. That's why he was so giddy. Getty and gay. Maybe he maybe opened the drawer and the more telephoned the giddy and viable. Yeah. 26 past noon with a giddy and gay. Oh yeah. As a goose. And by the way, you can't pass up a goose. Only one South Florida radio station. You want to listen to it. Go for weekday. Come on. And een. Kriessa. Yeah. Oh, hey guys got your back remember that because that's where we're looking for love it's where you're cracked back. The finish held by me and they cheat. I got a lot of facial hair been a lezy that'll make fun. Don't poke your nose at the queer cake boy in my style like Joe. Top your game Joe some start being fine because you might get a taste of homosexual violence because we don't play your butt my target like a dog in the fair. You're a character or a hearty market. The way you sit with a right-hand bomb was assigned the pot everyone in our hands on. We're the M.A.G. that starts. Who? You don't have the train. If you don't you forget. You know the M.A.G. Really all kind of hard to swallow. Really all turn to you, Stanley. Let me see you just friends with me just friends with me now slide. Blue right there. Let me see you do some way it's been nice. Oh perfect. I'm in for a slip. Over. You're a good safety. That's it, baby. It's on the heart. Whoa. Now look at your wetting bed. I got a wetter's off. You're a good safety. Oh, Jesus, how real are you? Joe turn to me. This is what you have a moist towel on it. You're a good safety. Please look back in the church. 1230 at 5.60wQM. So anyway, what you've done is you present the Catholic League in New York, the Catholic League for religious and civil rights rights to Mr. Greg Reed, Station Master of the ACOM December 22, 1990. Dear Mr. Reed, I was recently made aware of an advertisement from the Roger Show. In the end which appeared in the Four Waterdale Sun Sentinel. There's a photo of Mr. Rogers dressed in the vestments of a Catholic a cleric along with a bishop's miter in place of the bishop's staff of office he holds a microphone above his figure the phrase is pronounced for the small g which is the way the person yet although it's a big g i would appreciate you choosing some other way of advertising the show perhaps the mr. Rogers dresses a Jewish rabbi where a Muslim Imam he would appear more in an inclusive so in other words if i was making fun of i was satirizing some other religion the jews the Muslims are anybody beside the catalyze he would appreciate that then it would be okay is that correct yes given the arraggies use on caffolism this adz max of bigotry no if fact his comment to the previous paragraph smack a bigotry to me if necessary i will contact his sponsors sincerely will you may don't you president of the camp late for the which is in New York city but obviously he's well familiar with my views on the catalyze church and not on the other ones because i sure so would never make fun of laundry heads or you'd love for people which month is under it or with tally's or people at the rower whatever they do with it to fill in or they do with it lay it hang it out they don't know they lay it really that's what they call it when you all ready done it they call laying the to fill in don't ask me why they do that and of course you see your friend david he can lay anything else here's a cross here how please don't tell me cross great you sell out yes sir how are you great when you're when you're a walk without a person you can you come over and they give you a uh... uh... uh... uh... cali arrest on yeah you have jett before his spot for the default of the right restaurant is you well that's authentic a tally you know and you use restaurant is when i think of authentic tally and i had to immediately if you have to for when i think of authentic you i think of anybody besides jett before uh... you can say that nobody on your station uh... as jett Benedict on the air the guy with the uh... wrote the book about the athlete i had a moneyer uh... uh... goes and comes i had a man here at a couple of out about out about a year before you did did he better maybe who listen to that time united in a not a way that the would be in between the odds of the over's in the others but by the end of the show i found that by the end of the show you know you had them on the over under's and all that stuff but yeah even in one of the one of the main characters of the book uh... le Mar Thomas right he's one of your colleagues about the station does a show with hand call the time le Mar Thomas be doing a show on his station absolutely here's he's all going to be doing some hard time to how to get in a window right how to get in a little how to turn a little small cracking will be whole uh... in closing yes sir reggae washers socks and hell okay twenty seven before one at five sixty six a few a.m. wouldn't surprise me oh fact every time i see him i always think he needs why you do this to me and yeah all i usually i think more like dummy why you do this to me but nevertheless we don't have that we have that now five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line like i said we're together eleven hundred fifty dollars there was supposed to go to center one from that oj that notorious doctor here's for a lot of the all hello and you'll have a new year and ten years or happy millennium uh... yeah the reason i'm calling us talk about the so the criminal diesel diesel the diesel back yet uh... well the data police uh... released a fifty six page report this morning right and in the report he says that he was drunk and he walked by the window and thought open so he wanted to go inside and take a look take a peak yeah yes i'm a little opening a little cracking these there's being the running back to the crack and what's the turn into a big hole yeah he didn't want to take a look right so i think you may end it's not how come both newspapers this morning blue this story it was on the news five o'clock yesterday and the newspapers here so no go to bid a day and our how come neither newspaper number one they both very the story and number two they didn't have the part about the fact that he's confessed i don't know maybe you need to concentrate on something to do with it yeah ruined surprise me but i thought i got to say no and that uh... that can't pick up not to the he found a lot more like gave a duc okay and have a great day with the guys named Duke don't he wasn't what is that man sent anybody had a day oh i don't know what's up i do know got to keep your shots in straight here i know that twenty sixty four what is five sixty wqf five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line i was put i'm sorry i forgot all about who was it now i was supposed to say uh... fifteen off yeah what did i write down angria who's angria i wrote down angria was that the lady that called before was your name and yet why did i write down angria i think so that's what a george's friend named peanut who can you kind of related to what your earns here at two a.m. peanuts hey we haven't gotten any food here today how do you like that well my stomach's a little bit upset with sorry for e.g. we don't have any food oh he's not in there for food he's in there to tell you some big story about some spot and since we got so many spots on a year he's always he has somebody mentioned me yesterday but power ninety six must be changing that format they're hardly running spots i said oh don't get too carried away it's only for a few days during his holidays uh... once we get to like the fifth of the year you'll have four hundred spots in our trust me here's my any hello mining yeah new yes sir i have a new bbc and send you sir uh... i want to have to know you you i'm sure you've read uh... you heard that the most of these landings of raffle landings when they come in a lot of the most stage and they want to find them are uh... smuggled yes well not smuggled states i mean these were people that were here in the states and you know the reason for that what is the reason for that and i happen to know this because i'm related to a port of patrol and the reason is that most of these raffles when they are like one of our shows they're given a nine thousand dollar star up uh... the uh... they have to be here they're given a nine thousand dollar one nine thousand dollars to start up their lives and you like that by whom who gives nine thousand dollar the u.s. couple as well as those who have any business acumen is uh... if they have any desire to start a business they get thirty five yeah now they also get like a yellow candle like and probably do i don't know i think that's only i do know that much of pretty good information i have a yellow surveillance public i said a yellow civil would be nice uh... i don't know what their pale colors look up and i'm talking about the darker complex and uh... cubans okay that's a nice and other raffle people yeah but that's that that's it i mean that's that's that's why they they they stay these land is the most of the other cubans that are here they will go here on the on the premise that they would be taking care of our family but they're not i mean i go to these stores and then i get online and and i'm on their food food space and yeah the trouble is on it even more than smell of my way okay pal i'm a great day i was to hear me this oh we're sure there's some raised stories today yeah get them cubans like our band you can oh yeah you can spot those uh... from fifty miles away five six seven oh five from ninety miles away five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teawarlas line i kind of like my guinea and the bible myself where we go on let's do a mobile and four lotterdale hello the old god loves to go of course how you doing today great never better well i want to talk about my millennium line up at radio what i think it would be great is to have you all you guys on one channel would be like how were in the morning yeah you at uh... the midday live while shown the afternoon is wild all boy and then maybe who said that this new guy line over so funny the line of the line of when is line of going to be on okay we can then i think he started yesterday seven a clock on that's right they got rid of like is finally time to like is a nippeoye you're in the so in other words you're one of the fan five people listening to that radio station oh god their number their numbers are invisible i mean it's just a vanishing it's such a what point for point for point for on even more than the battling for a that's it's a couple and then they're doing it for a great lose while yeah he's going until she comes back from a hunchback operation and then they're going to fire or as pretty well i like it about yeah i'm sure it'll be some intriguing radio that i think anything could give that station a facelift you know what i mean keep robbing your radio maybe something that'll happen all righty okay found not in the okay yeah like i said just keep robin it and then i'm a requirement said like he do with that little magic lamp he just keep robin it and maybe something that'll be happy and that's what he said just rub it yeah i think he's robin it but that number don't get any bigger yeah keeps getting smaller maybe if he stopped robbing it let it heal for while it might to do something can't keep a leave that a point for even breaking the uh the john forward number i don't i mean that's bad there's something wrong with that no i'm serious there's something wrong with that number and then it includes the first hour the fill tape so obviously he's making a tremendous impact are you sure and don't get me wrong i love fill is a good guy but you know i'm tape which i'm by the way not the stuff that's got anything to do with here you know i'm saying i've flipped on one night a couple of weeks ago which i haven't listened to night other than the first week and he was talking about something in Santa Monica and about some of the well it's it's strictly we do a kfi thing and i'm thinking of myself if this is a syndicated show when he's talking about has no i mean i don't even know at least i know Santa Monica because i've been there for most of the people here have got no idea who he's talking about or where that place is which i thought was kind of bizarre nice going air peat once again really doing it big time we will win oh that's what peat says we will win they're gonna win oh they lose in big are they doing unbelievable numbers that nobody in the world could ever envision yeah fifty thousand watch station in the middle of the dime and how about that f a and that a f and whatever it hell it is with the dead man i'm a senator i think i'm a student to be talking to his brother fret on the phone tomorrow that's just that's a psychic prediction here on the new rod you show the man is got a dead man in the chair he's making millions and dollars he's got a a rumor has it friend of mine was telling me yesterday that Tim Russell that's sure he's gotten up the uh... place the nation if i'm not meet the press but some other show on c and b c that he's got what interviews and so he had a uh... i'm a son there and just ripped him a merciless ass and talked about the fact that he was deaf and uh... couldn't hear a damn thing and he said look at what you look like five years ago and look at you now and uh... and i mean it wasn't jock i kept asking with the joking he said no in a way long pauses and i'm just kept looking at it like why are you doing this to me and i kept thinking why not man dead man in a chair i mean it's i guess they thought that he was gonna be the anchor that really was going to put that thing on the map there at the nineteen hundred fifty under that were the hell this and all these and like i said yesterday i'll say it again the only people listen to that radio station are the sports nerds inside this radio station oh yeah he heard those two jews in the midday they're great other so much better than he'll and at Jim very neck known he blows hank away and pa pa pa pa pa yeah he blows all right that Jim buried he's a simple that he's a silly person there's nothing to me worse than a silly person on the air oh god the only thing worse is maybe there's a guy that might be worse that's pain nineteen two one at five sixty w q m a no offense but fall sports radio five sixty you a yeah get baby and now filling in for geryll Davis it's triadmen for gambles chunky soup let's take a call hello Troy hi mom don't worry i'm eating my Campbell's chunky soup i don't care about the damn soup what did you find a nice girl yet mom i told you you have enough of them sending your pennies to the house you could at least you are one of them i don't you my house the boys have proof is that dad don't listen to your father no one to shut up i didn't make the boy that way must have been your mother mother always bringing over them pick up and she's told you don't listen to him as long as you're happy with a nice girl that's all we care about mom no but okay well thanks for sitting in dry but my not sitting so close uh join us next week when they don't touch me dad trail Davis returns come forty five five sixty w q a m five six seven we got the small part of the lines i'm actually they've been pretty good i would say i don't count your children before they hatch yes today was pretty straight week okay well they were out of practice and it was Monday and it was the first day and they didn't expect me to take calls because i said i went there we taking calls money and i said oh so you said they weren't prepared they had to do a little bit of homework right time to note subbuild up a little bit of energy encouraged right get the regime to all straighten them and now they're doing pretty damn good of course we're getting out in a quarter to go five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line and we had a call for myers today oh no we had the very isolated from Naples who told me to wear sticks and crackers in my back though nothing like that she was nice but other than that what's wrong with those people over there one eight seven seven seven seven eight five sixty two twenty forty five i'm practically dialing it for you over there on the west coast your little bit slow is that what the problem uh eight seven seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five see they don't care about Cecil Collins over there they even know who that is they don't care about God in illegal immigration because who the hell's going over there and they won't let him in anywhere which is pretty smart there's no you want to come over here for myers i don't think so no way Jose that's what they say here's Holly wood hello yes sir i knew uh uh being outspoken as you are which is great and being a Michigan State graduate yes sir i don't know if you ever notice though that certain schools get certain preferences and being the fact that the University of Michigan uh managed his school naturally uh uh was voted uh ended up in tonight in the poll Michigan State was it was uh ended up 10th Michigan National Michigan ends up going to the orange bowl a more prestigious bowl right more money for the school yeah but we had the honor of being the dreaded obnoxious florida gators which is much more fun than play with him but what i'm trying to get at yes we did yeah but we beat Michigan also and how do they end up in front of us when we beat them you know they've been a bit of a bit of a bit of a bit of a time Brady oh oh okay yeah no he got he got points they got extra points for time Brady for looks okay it just hurts the hell I have that and maybe because a lot of times that happens i don't know i guess they got no all better here than in the year but you know as well as either we haven't done anything in 32 years 33 years now and as a result nobody really can take them seriously oh you know when they do have a good day and they have to struggle twice as hard but right Michigan of course is one of those teams where they spoke a lot of weed during an arbor and good stuff and as a result you got it up there in the top 10 so you know they're they're an automatic they're in you got it you got each land because much better anyway hey man thanks a lot buddy see i'm grand river whatever right all right see it when you's on grand river bullbard boy it's been a long time i got to go back to Michigan i'm going back to Michigan oh yeah gotta go to win sure is restaurant Marshall Michigan oh those are the days huh i had to do it all over again 567560 pound 560 on the 18t wireless line you know you used to broadcast Marshall high basketball is a matter of fact and do interviews in the locker room after the game 877 785 6345 where we go I'll tell you those stories someday nothing exciting unfortunately like i said if i had to do it over again here's the Emerald Hills hello yes sir yeah happy why too k to you and back to you i just didn't want to bring up the joke is that oh sorry about that oh she's here it comes sorry happened every time you gotta say that they remind of a group of fish but uh i want to talk about the matter is that the first value to max but anyway i i believe so but i'm on a good last night did she uh it was a just new that she'd come off of some really dumb dimbo yeah she she was in an imbistool and even the questions which he did answer which most of them were well i'm a attorney i you know that's the litigation i can't but the ones that she did answer with a well uh uh uh next question next question and it was the most pathetic she's she's a dumb sloth that's all she's looking around like like looking open for answers or something and and then when he said could you stay and take a few more calls man which he saw the opening even ceasel didn't move his back when he saw opening his she did oh i got to get out of here right now i can't stand that's so bad oh i'm unbelievable and and yet everybody is sucking up to her and we you know i would try to lose weight too when we don't have top of it is we wish you luck with Jenny Craig she's nothing but a cheap sloth at almost brought the guy then government down and we're supposed to be a sympathetic to this and that she's ordered so about to whatever that was and i will say this where she admitted she said oh i didn't i got to get the money i got to pay the lawyers and i said at she leashie's honest about that she's uh you know up for the highest bid unbelievable they have a word for that which i think you just said that's a sloth or bitch okay thank you like so there's a guy that's all that troll last night there's one there we make a little yeah that's all Larry King who has usual suction routine she thinks there was suction going on the oral office there with bubble i'm telling i predicted and i was right there was twenty times the more suction the first i'm gonna say that you know he shakes your hand and grabs your hand in between both hands like oh yeah sweet art he's all a wishing that they could get down the floor right there so does that show ended or maybe before in the middle just stop and think about that okay this man is head how many wives 42 wives something like that uh can you even imagine that who was i talking about oh yeah bob green bob green naked would be beautiful compared to Larry King naked oh wow yeah he next quasi motor look like Tom Brady that's how bad Larry King looks he elephant man he makes the elephant man look like Brad Pitt that's how bad Larry King looks god i know how to do a talk yeah right he sure got a mean to relips that's all i hear i told you the story 45 thousand times about the last day before he left his town how i had lunch with him and restaurant that's no longer there on this game this game in about fifty first or second i'm trying to think what the name of the restaurant is any old time has been here a long time you'll think of the name of the restaurant not there and i get off the right to a clock let's see was that or that's well whatever i was on here then back at three o'clock i guess i was doing uh oh no it was before that's right i was doing happens on k t still that's when he was lying to me about i was gonna get his job after he left because Ed Ed uh what's his name he's been dead for years some guy at mutual Ed Ed something was obsessed with the rakey and so that's how we got on the mutual with that overnight show that they never could tell you spot on where he started sucking people's ass on the radio and then all of a sudden they got obsessed with him at CNN and i walked into the restaurant it was pouring rain outside and haven't umbrella was pouring rain i parked my car i walk into the restaurant he's already sitting there waiting for me and i extended my hand you know like he would normally i hadn't seen him in a while the shake his hand and he left me standing there with my hand out twist story maybe he was just looking for a hand out Ed uh yeah i can't think of that guy's name that really bugs the hell out of me but later no not it's no not Ed for liner all i was captain no Ed uh uh geez little calder would know Ed if he were here with us today and i only wish he were huh Ed the oh that's what it was you got it Ed the with the original Ed the Ed the Ed the Ed the Ed the Ed japplin put it for her uh yeah uh Ed the line that's good about them you all do now because i used to know that name like that Ed wouldn't start Ed Ed the Ed the can't think that's good the name five six seven five sixty posh five it's not really relevant it makes no difference anything and anyway we had a media or crulunch and i was here with that and off he went to make me into dollars and i'm still here 24 years later where did i go wrong see and that that's an old brainer with me no brainer do i have more talent than Larry King is there any doubt yeah i mean granted okay there are people in the business made a lot more money they got something going but Larry King it's not even a contest okay i got more talent my little finger than that hunchback is gotten as old body and yet people said well it goes to show you if you want to suck a lot of acid pays off really you seen a way that that would people around like a drop name it was probably suck acid sometimes it pays off how see so do it by the way hammer you know i i gotta say this because i hand can i i love hand hand can i get a long grade now i don't love his or strong word but uh when black guys call in a hank show and they have a way of saying hey hammer hey hammer if you ever noticed that well you don't listen but they and they say that of course i'm going to hang for years so for me to say if like one of the days when hank comes in and talk before the show and his team is playing in ones out while we're talking at the end of my show but anyway he'll be standing there and if i said hammer i would think like in a what i'm saying would be like me calling somebody a nickname that i've known for 30 years by some of that but like you'd be caught me Nelson it would just be ridiculous yeah hey hammer and i did i hear that and i just i don't know what the laugh or cry or pee in my pants hey hammer and just the way they say it you know it's uh it moves me here's a mobile in my emie hello crazy they don't take much yes sir you know first on callers for ever listener driving back from my emie's or a little and a little i thank you very much we got the answer little oh i feel so much better thank you you uh you touched on something that's trucking air with a cannot stand barba wall on oh well like he got a bad thing he said he must have make it picture somewhere damn it at job beat the hell out of me maybe i've had a little donut here's another one for you yeah and and thank god he's off what the knife but now he's back i think i'm uh one of the other uh i guess once you get the end year door well you can not stand year door but i guarantee you sure a lot better than that uh group all the guy i'm gonna do now i don't know he's a pretty bad whisper he's he ever list oh god i can't hear no he's got there playing with some real savvy he's a play it's just a pro with him he's no boomer though i'll tell you that the boomer is a bomber he's bad he'd be real bad can't act the boomer the boomer is terrible i don't know i like the boomer better than you like the boomer i like the boomer better than the door how like when the boomer goes yeah that's my favorite hey did you see last night on the shot of a boomer and al Michael sit next to each other al Michael's chairs are you know what i mean are you out 12 are you assuming that i watched that game last night and might that desperate i will watch the 49ers in the Falcoons i i i can only say conscious through the first half no i was watching the maple leaves and they are sabers uh but of course have a great meal have a great new year and hope you had a good quantum okay all right haha no five six seven oh five sixty and little there's the name god bless did somebody called it and i'm sure because i'm sure that we didn't know that somebody called it and thank you so little was obsessed with lorry king i think he liked the suspenders and he's the one that got him out of i o d and put him on a mutual there overnight and then of course history tells the rest he had naked pictures of Ted Turner with a billy goat something like that and there he is sucking serious ass night after night making millions and millions of dollars known by more leaders and celebrities from coast to coast uh scary really is 256 at 560 WQM so boy it's the one to two hour absolutely these gentlemen this is rainbow point five oh you can't remember still the live i want to make movies for it's time my life they go a great plan how it was built unfortunately i speak like i had a stroke first blood came in 82 that's why my penis and it never ever grew rainbow two was an 85 late and rainbow three was an 88 two is and two is my god i did not make this movie with my son and in the same she was in rocky five and daylight and tunnel movie a little big cassees what i mean i got to get a loaf on the pile of crees i gotta have a look at movie or Broadway show like dinner being i get the boy here there's pop cop there and it was still good i guess i understand my whole life is about to cave in all i got left this channel broke my life let me get dinner i need to make rainbow pouring by so i get out so call me up i really need a script i can do die a long walk keep it zip the light comedy action adventure and drama that the only thing i will love boys i'm sex for the lava so give me a break for goodness sake i used to be out on for now i can't get a Ricky lake right now i got a one man challenge for tipsy basically i'm running boy tipsy i'll have a big cassees what i mean i got to get a loaf from the power queen i gotta have another movie or Broadway show like dinner being i get so a body of a small coplay and it was stupid so i understand my whole life to pop a caron all i got left this channel broke my life and that's why lady did dinner with i need to make rainbow pouring by her honor of some music one o'clock at five sixty w q a m it's our big one two hour five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line have you smoked any cigarettes at the past week in nineteen forty nine forty four percent of the american public said yes they said in nineteen ninety nine only twenty three percent said yes how do you like that has drinking ever been across the trouble in your family nineteen forty seven fifteen percent said yes in nineteen ninety nine thirty six percent said yes yes I do like that what female should and shouldn't do do you approve of a married woman holding a job in business arrindistry of her husband is able to support her nineteen thirty eight only twenty two percent said yes in nineteen ninety seven eighty percent of yes now wait to hear this one this is cute this is shocking nineteen fifty just part of ozian here in nineteen fifty to think it's all right for a girl to tell a phone a boy to ask for a date in nineteen fifty twenty nine percent said yes sixty two percent said oh and i'm presented no opinion i love i always love these pulls writer people had no opinion there's always like a two or three percent of the public that no matter what you ask in their answer is like monica last night i don't know only twenty nine percent in the nineteen fifty said it was okay for a girl to tell a phone a boy to ask for a date in nineteen ninety seventy percent said especially she puts out and twenty eight percent said no how do you like that a lot about five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two lines don't forget we got hankin and we got the hankin with a Rob Conrad and Ed Conrad and Charles Conrad and book shambi it's here clock the abig sugar bowl tonight fs u and uh Virginia tech national championship game i'm going to be watching that no you're going to be watching that oh no what exactly here is my name hello hello Neil yes sir well i saw something on a sixty minutes last week or two weeks ago those kind of she's interesting he's a none opened up a condent and uh they realize that they could make money by charging people for prayer you know in other words you send them a check and they put you on their list and they will pray for you excellent i saw a little bit of that like one of the one sister said i'm actually a lesbian i think i'm gonna cue well they're bringing in all kinds of cash and i was thinking deal you know you're a benevolent guy and you you seem to pray for your listeners or the drop of the hat maybe you could charge a nominal fee okay for the prayer ten bucks i'll pray for you yeah appreciate him it that's all i got or maybe fifty long sister thank you sir five six seven we got four hundred open lines now we've been doing pretty damn good here the first three hours today they wanted to show back we gave it to you fantastic it was spectacular but i got this six feeling in the pit of my stomach i'm not talking about the stomach flu five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line and that world famous line for the west coast and for Palm Beach and for all our west of the world where we had a jackass riff and we're here today from Baltimore eight seven seven it's all he did make a couple of good points eight seven seven seven eight five kneel eight seven seven seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five we're waiting on you pretty weak here's Margie hello yeah yes sir oh yes speaking i'd just see the uh Michigan state article in the sports yeah i read it okay uh i don't cover up for games to uh athlete you know i whether they're Michigan state or dolphin to rubber day i cover up for i'm gonna end up but i missed it but i'm gonna get a walk up with the head but exactly and i always wear your helmet man if you'd listen to it all right see yeah okay always they were in the helmet zucker rice who was that on the bat line by the way was that somebody important to me i should know about no it was uh Orlando Orlando uh Alciguri yes i thought maybe metal and a ways in the middle uh him i think Orlando we looked with the full of bugman that Orlando yes and Orlando said he wanted to alert me to a new drop that uh that we have that i forgot to tell you about which is it's uh Joe name it i think it's Joe name it saying saying one level of a lemme see what he said send over lemme see send over lemme see rackham wow how do you like that rackham always worried about that Joe will you know oh yeah playboy and didn't get married he got married why he's what 72 something like that always worry about those guys five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line here's the mobile and pepper pine tell hello new yes sir are you doing great you're blowing up in 2000 what is it you the man you pop through it i don't know if i didn't want that made it but everybody's listening to you I'm blowing up I'm blowing up 2000 yes you are i'm the bomb yeah hey Neil listen i maybe just thought i got my pupic is a little bomb i feel like an yes sir i do i feel like i have a six bomb in here but anyway listen that just came out of my house and i'm driving down pine four of our guesses there with the radar gun a hundred and eighty six seven to a pine four of our distance there's a gagging no what's that I sure hope not no i'm probably with your role in the tight band where the hell is your roles by the way she have a case just i'll pick the wife of the liver today she's the liver and what he says he must be oh don't please don't tell me that he's reproducing please don't tell me that not anymore i don't know maybe he's driving people calling the Louisiana there you go maybe he's on a little crack for him yeah i just want to let you listen no Neil all right thanks pal thank god bless you okay i'll pray for you for ten cents five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line come on let's go let's finish this pull here today the question is yes or no and no and also no opinion i i just love those pulls every every no matter what it is you like go you like Bradley well eighty two percent today like this one fourteen to that and the four other percent said i don't know who are they there was one of them on here that just it was shocking i guess i will have time to find it today but one of these a year-end things with all these interesting and they are pretty interesting you have a gun in your home that this is kind of staggering in nineteen fifty nine forty nine percent the people said they had a gun in their home in nineteen ninety nine only thirty four percent said how do you like that huh so as far as having the home not as many people do they just have it in a car and on their car seat and outside on a curb you know it so comes in handy and we get access to a real fast here's pop at o'beech hello yes yeah i got a couple questions for you i i'm not sure of double what is regard to the this between the daddy burrito with the five six seven five fifty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line here's a your lady and pombie hello i got a happy new year and back to you yesterday at the beginning of the show you had you were not saying people who passed away recently right you left out somebody who's that so the name or a bright community team and bright died uh billbauer yes who's a billbauer guiding billbauer the original billbauer yeah the drunk the drunk oh my god wow eight seventy eight oh and by the way do you know speaking of guiding lights you realize that i could be wrong maybe last year the same but i think not this was the first Christmas season that they didn't have like the reunion with Mike bower and all the people back with done Stuart i see down Stuart when it was commercials all the time but uh right but but they wouldn't bring all the people back anybody back no there were two busy letting Danny sleep with Michelle oh yeah and that happens all the time in real life doesn't it they let's have a slimmer for fourteen hours to go check up with your husband and then they stick you back in the afternoon having a real hard time with guiding light weight yeah especially this revap business you know she uh oh god almighty this poor prince will make up your mind over yes no no and no and oh my god terror everybody from San Francisco about the brings it and now and I'll Vanessa the question is is Vanessa gonna make her eighty fifth comeback my god she got more lives than they have already cat this bitch yeah yeah it looks like it look like that scene in godfather remember when he went in a hospital with a pillow that's what this reminds me of she's going in there with a pillow pretty soon right a little pillow talk from Carmen it's unreal you know that so has it been good for about two years and it's a cancer and what it was really really really really really really really really the super two probably would talk about or and no no no no no really with the list but a little bit of young Billy who was and you notice how the kids on this show one day they're like 12 in the next day they're 20 like more is that her name we were we was daughter she was like 12 years old and all of a sudden she's this voluptuous 20 year old she's supposed to be 19 on this show almost it's awesome yeah amazing but hanging there let's go let's go break around there I love you no George is good on the picking locks have a great day sweetheart let's go break Michelle on a jail what do you say oh we know who'd done it we know Vanessa fired a final shot it was by accident we know Carmen done it's a coffee a bitch a quarter week in mafia bitch we should like that their name is Santos but it's not attacking it's Puerto Rican and the Puerto Rican mafia in spring field oh okay look at this phone what is going on here we're gonna go through this again today Jesus Christ just when I thought we had it looked man five six seven eight million open lines now all of a sudden just want to get to the good stuff when I get a guiding lightly to call in with the important good stuff five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line and the out of town line which is pretty year vacant today eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five god just what you think they finally are making a little bit of a comeback that's it so I say ten after one at five sixty seventy two and I say that the sports leaders sports radio five sixty two a m decriminalized pot in Florida all right there's a trees or life behind the house go down the block of houses our doctor we are vision we were Christian on this not the returgeon so a night we live life when it says to be committed in life all we get to light is of a dollar date of that secret it's in that so hot our holiday is really such a borough boy come and all of a boy all we get to light is on a dollar date of that secret is in that so hot our holiday is really such a borough hi come and all of a week it's so far far as to go shopping we don't know when how the guy is happening what is the date of each week you can all my tears and go now we're on what are we supposed to do that you think it's easy to get yet when we only pay all down all we get to light is on a dollar date of that secret is in the tour of our holiday is really such a borough night on a holly all we get to light is on a dollar date of that secret is in the tour of our holiday is really such a borough night on a holly all we get to light is 14 at 5.50 WKOM here's another one of the interesting questions which is really revealing to me this answers a lot of questions that I always wanted this is a U.S. day this is not in Europe or someplace where they bathe less frequently like in France about how often do you take a bath or shower in the winter in 1950 yeah like it makes a difference in the winter oh in the summer it's hot you sweat a lot you know in the winter you can wear the same clothes for a week or two 1950 once a week 17 percent 1999 1 percent 1 percent 1 out of every 100 people that's the one yeah that's the one the one I get behind in the checkout line at the supermarket that's my luck the one of the hundred states want to year want to a week twice a week in 1950 21 percent said they bathe or shower twice a week in this country 2 percent this year 99 several times a week let's hear it now it's getting a little bit better 25 percent in 1950 in 1999 18 percent of the people bathe or shower several times a week which is more than two oh my god at least once a day in 1950 29 percent in 1995 75 percent and here's here's other or no opinion how can you have no opinion how can you have no opinion in 1958 percent had no opinion in the 1990 and on four percent we're still so stupid that the rancher was a- I don't want the person was there no opinion how can you have no opinion for you just to embarrassed to admit you didn't you can't remember the last time you took a bath or shower and by the way I just want to say this people who take a bath they're sitting in their own field am I right about that when you take a bath you're sitting in your own schmutz batherer like yucky that's what I'm saying unless I mean there are some people like like out on a farm out in the countryside there people don't have showers old old places that have only bath hubs and what you do is you're sitting there in your schmutz and then when it rinses when it drains it's clean it's like a clean on that's right it cleansed your post to clean it's you're right home all over you that's what I want you to feel grub your something to go take a goddamn shower five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teeline it's going to be the music hour this hour board this is week here's the south Miami hello yeah how okay like I said music hour here's the Hollywood a mobile hello hello yes I shower once a week well good for you hey listen there I'm thank God somebody brought up the cease of college thing I knew when Hank that bad apology said that it was all the guys thing and with no big deal I knew he was full of it and they finally brought it out I mean why why would you if the guy didn't have a prior record for doing the same thing then I could understand you give him the benefit of the doubt and you try to get all sides of the story what what kind of a side is it that he saw crack at a window that he'd been trying to come out of this broad before his apartment complex and because he saw crack at a window he was a little bit blitz five thirty and more he decided to like to make his way in there yeah I mean what can you do now five o'clock in the morning in the first place isn't playing right or I'm by the way Hank also had the thing about the cops in Miami with the prostitution ring yeah it wasn't a prostitution ring Hank broke the story that was a youth management organization yeah yeah there's just probably not the kids at the bank county okay thanks very much with her honey little on the job training five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teeline toll free line eight seven seven seven eight five Neil eight seven seven seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five here's Helen Dale hello yes sir yes I was calling about the micro fine-stein the NPR right sports writer Michael fine-stein Michael fine-stein and he's he's predicting that this year will there will be the biggest investigation into college sports and how these football players basketball players are getting hired and getting passed through college all right great it could percent of all right that never man out today I went to school in the early sixties the Michigan state we had a whole dormitory I was in East Chauhall and MSU on in West Chauhall which was connected that's where all the jobs were and most of those kids never go about a textbook it was just a joke among everybody in the dorm that all those kids were just the they were there got a free pass right we stopped a hypocrisy why do we have like separate places sent all the jobs that pay them money and stop taking up spaces that intelligent people can be using in education exactly I agree with and all these jobs nippers that we got like a people on this radio station always cover an up this crap every ten is a major scantly covered up they won't talk about it what they'll is wrong with these people that's right never better come back they didn't like it's a percent of all college athletes graduate from college and the rest of the way in the basketball we've been right exactly and when surfing okay thanks for thank you god bless him about time we started uncovering his crap stop the hypocrisy if you want semi-professional or whatever you want to call him fine pay him cut out do what it is supposed to be instead of all this crap under the sub rows of garbage echoes on five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T line eight seven seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five on the world famous that I worked my ass off to get that line nine worked like a maniac out of these cheap pasted got it in here it's the worst line of all if I recall it before the three weeks that we went homeless on the show that line is useless and useless as useless as he said he's done a goddamn ballpoint pen same jackass the same one it was locked in that motel thanks for listening by the way the meal robs your show on five sixty w two way five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T line here's the mobile and homestead hello hey Neil what up are you doing sure hey I just a quick thing for you have you ever seen everything I missed the burn from the symptoms and together in payroll I don't want decisions oh you know if he's a hunchback I doubt it was that I said that it's probably the same person oh that's what I say too all right Neil okay thanks thanks for the good material like I said this audience is uh out of a cereal I have to do it up a week yesterday I've made about three hours today doesn't vote too good for Wednesday Thursday or Friday oh no sure doesn't sure it doesn't after three weeks of a brilliant broadcasting here doing it on my own which I got a lot of practice and then all of a sudden when you kind of need people nothing stubborn three hours they'll give that to you that pretty good three hours here's a mobile and pombie chill out yeah yeah yes sir I've got 95 now just coming out okay good good luck you pal I think we know why now what does that say mobile in Miami one I don't know I don't know what's going on with this thing Miami straight here's a mobile in Miami brim brim brim brim brim brim brim brim brim brim brim springs hello Neil how are you doing okay we've been doing pretty damn good today sir but now again it's this you this is the thing when you start with a phone calls and you know I'll make up my mind in a few days on this crash get into the final stretch yeah it really is bad I have the glitching all the time it's got the car that I'll be up and I'm sure you're in your phone you've got a colleague back by your phone scooter five six seven oh five sixty last call for phone calls that I'm moving on to music and just relax here like my stomach said a little bit feeling much better life is moving on we got to hand come up into a clock from cool city these people are out of material and at line nine what's in this tone oh let's go talk to you to the line nine our world wide line our contact to the Atari universe but I was so psychotic in the beginning when it was only a Florida line and people are in only parts of Florida and people were bitching and belly aching and carrying on and we can't call it and we can't talk you and there it is sitting there all lonely all by itself and now all of a sudden I'm starting to feel real uh... de-mean again I feel like I'm abusing myself by doing this here's a mobile in parrine hello and maybe i don't okay sure what do you do the public and i don't i don't call a sports show okay call a sports show let me say it again this isn't a sports show got it you understand that you can you comprehend that somebody draw you a diaphragm it isn't a goddamn stupid ass sports show Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy i don't think of it all the fact i do think of it often they think they're a mediocre of many many mediocre teams in the NFL it sucks they think and anybody who's honest even a little tiny bit will tell you that they got a real piss ass poor crappy team okay they got no running games they got defense folds up like an accordion the big game they think that you went out does that answer your question sir oh good god bless you i'll pray for it here's hollywood hello hey Neil i've been here same user i don't know are you great i got a greedy and a pantheist schedule really pathetic try to five or six like right from the beginning and then who do we play in the next home game the islanders what that's a big match up but even like you just you know not knowing what the season the brains of what even make the schedule i mean even if you're on a moment and you've got a six days week of of being off it's quite pathetic terrible i mean so that what's the thing that little he'd commissioner Barry get me very bad man where ever what a jackass hey you know i don't remember even a soul yeah i don't remember your buddy but that shows something i just pretty pathetic yeah i mean you're all that's my bedtime i'm not gonna stick you think i'll put that on the other side of that i haven't summoned uh you know not that will put you this week does it work but you know i'm having john days and it's like you know oh man if you could watch pain dry there it is yeah and uh what other thing um you speak about all enough this game sunday is like the toilet bowl both teams suck i mean you know if anybody should be honest if the jets uh hey have a great day sir okay i said not interested not interested in the jets and the dolphins and see you add on any of that crap don't care not interested it is not a sports show i know that coming is great shot to you and i'll watch some of it or all of it depending on how bad and how boring and we could it's gonna be which it probably will be but uh i i have no stomach for it five six seven five six the i and i and like i said as any time since i've worked on this radio station i never in my wildest dreams imagine that there were this many people who's entire lives we've all about such a pile of bullshit man i just can't believe it just morning noon and night it's all they think about that's all they talk about that's all they know about and what's gonna happen by the way in a couple of weeks when they finally finish with a play ask and they finish the stupid wolf what's gonna happen then for the next several months what are you gonna be talking about then what are they gonna do on this station and like they're gonna do the marlin anybody care about the god they marlin or the freaking heat with that new arena that wasn't even full on it's opening night that's got a lot's problem which by the way it's nice to see that the new uh uh Mickey mouse arena has got to drive through you see that somebody drove a van right up on a goddamn steps nice security there in the new arena oh lovely on this this guy on the line nine i'm not talking to him that that's a chronic is that a chronic from sunny valkello for any hello hello can you or do you chronic no a chronic have you called me before i've called before you didn't hang up on you last time because you were making some acid on comment absolutely okay yes you want here's a four waterdale hello yeah any good morning yes sir we're good afternoon a decision to hire the rumor i hope you can tell me it's not true that i'll go all stained up no he did not oh that's good okay that's all i wanted all okay there you go oh these calls these are spectacular man i'm getting painted my back though my spank there from these calls i hear the rumor that algoal scene was fat that's what i heard i heard rumor that algoal scene was 622 pounds that's true five six seven five sixty pound five sixty what about the dolphin just what about the jackson coach and what about that part show the what about that uh what about that Cecil Collins uh what about that four one of the head of reputation smeared by assholes talking about their ass about how she was the screw and other guys on the team and she had a relationship with him and yada yada yada and now all of a sudden it comes to the incident says all while i lied i had no relationship and i'm guilty and i did break into the thing and all that other stuff huh how about that that all you sports lickers don't want to talk about because you don't want to face the fact you deal with a bunch of scumbag because it makes you feel unclined and then maybe we'll take a bathroom shower this week at least once which would be a big improvement for some of you in fact maybe didn't go down to the goddamn uh to peepe park right up the street here and go in the showers and do it with man that's not sure how to take a shower like a real man in fact Tom Brady you know Michigan the famous for all these comebacks they made last year in a bull game this year Penn State to somebody big games that they came from behind and this uh game against Alabama and the orange bull the other night and Tom Brady said he likes the better from behind that's what he said back to him kind of excited me 26 after one at five sixty wqf beware of exploding ball and it's my understanding that one of you fellas said uh Jim Jim and Jenny and Jimmy was it you know somebody in this room said Jimmy under what's a Jenny and Jimmy it was we need for it over here man but that's wrong you know Jimmy and Danny you gotta say Jimmy and Danny are you Everybody comes out while we're going to do now is we're going to set out a program director on fire and offer him up a sacrifice for the God of sports. around tonight! Fonda be away I wasbo coded totally grande L x all growl bananas wages red you can't keep get oh you can't bear me ooh you can barely ohighty hi Jimmy I hear you. Except that costume , someone fxxk t Who you and and and and and and and one three four five six yeah t holding air Sung pleasures was quest? Yeah. No. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. You see we're back ahead of that again. Any more shameless requests? No. Do it by facts. Okay. Facts with you request and I'll ponder it. Pouring on the ear. It's terminal. Yeah, nothing to say, pal. Yeah, no material. So take back the happy millennium. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. Hi. Yes, sir. Are you doing good? Happy Good job. This didn't back to the immigrant. Yes. Yes. The immigrant's isolation. Uh-huh. We should stop bringing people in until we get what rid of all the illegal aliens and then start bringing people in. Uh-huh. Would I do? Okay. I'll pass it along. Okay. You're what you said anybody? No. Oh, he was a little quiet. Why was he push? 567560, pound 560, pound 560, pound 560, if we don't get a call from Fort Myers by two o'clock, I'm going to have Gregory pull that line out. I'm going to get bluff on it. Him and Greg get their heads together and yank that line right out physically. I'm not talking about calling the phone company. I'm talking about going right to the guy in fullroom and when it does yank it right out and the phone line too. That's how discussed that I am with a worldwide line. Suppose you are contact in the whole guy then universe and there's nobody in this guy. Damn state. It's got anything to say about the very important things that we're discussing today. Oh, uh, for example Charles Schulz, the creator of the cartoons, script peanuts ran their last new gut cartoon yesterday. This was our topic today if you tune in late. Wasn't it? No. Well, it is now. Charles Goddam Shulz, no more peanuts, no more line is with a security blanket, no more what's your name? God dammit. What is your name? Lucy. I Lucy, I forgot in the sky with. Here we go. He had he that. 8777856345, no more Snoopy. Look at this. They know from nothing over there in the west coast. I think it's time we got off of that damn thing. Let's get me depressed. I'll get it. WQAM. Yeah, how did I know? How did I know? That it wasn't going to be like a real caller from the west coast. Did I know? I knew it. I could smell it. 8777856345, that line going down man. It's going down. And where I'm waiting here the last show that I do in four miles two by the way. What is your name? I'm sorry about that. Here's the four miles. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay. Are you in four miles really? I'm in four miles for real. Okay. Well, you're the one that saved this line man. Pretty week coming very few of those people. The problem is over in four miles that I'm driving and talking. We got so many old-foot and faggot over here driving these roads. Do you have to see the people on the front row of this freaking town? Do you have to concentrate on the drive and take spot the concentrate and talk to you at the same time? Uh-huh. Well, you do have some dedicated listeners over here. Well, we're in the how are they? Are they all laid out today? Are they, what is the story? What's their problem? Don't they have any material? We got no material here. We just like listen to the East Coast drive out on the queue there and not like good stuff that goes over in your neck of the woods. Okay, great. Better rush than you. Right. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Did he say freaking off for a rack-for-can-fran? I think that was the end of the mess into the call. Frick and Frick and Frick and Frick and Flick in the bushman. Five, okay. That's enough on that line. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on an AT&T line, twenty-two till two we got hacked from cool city at two. This is five, six, V, UAF. It seems our ones and years sale prices are so low. Some people are buying a whole years worth of clothing. Sure, Chai. My name is Stan Bean. I'm just going to play last week for your men to say all night purchase of suit or sports coats five because it's got about five or six shirts pair of shoes from sweaters and I was really, really pleased with the service. The quality of all the merchandise. And I just wanted to call you to say thanks a lot. You got a great company and I will do all my shopping from this close that you're so familiar on Oct. 7. Bye-bye. Once a year and holding once a year, the men's warehouse has a sale which means right now you'll save an additional 20 to 40% off a wide variety of selected suits, black shirts, ties, shoes and sportswear. After all, it takes the men's warehouse sale to beat a men's warehouse price. You're going to like the way you look. I guarantee it. I'm George Zimmer, founder of the men's warehouse. The men's warehouse, 11 South Florida stores. For the store nearest you call 1-877-6 suits, the men's warehouse. A spirit airlines present an airfare to remember. Now fly from only $68 each wide year of favorite destination. Like the big apple, choose live-war-dion, newer for long island your choice. They're all priced from this $68. Plus, you'll love our fairs to the choice or Atlantic City, but keep lead up to Philadelphia. Either destination, now price from only $68. There's a reach way based on availability and certain restrictions of life. There's do not include up to $2.00 give these end-to-end sites for each life segment. And don't forget, spirit airlines, gistards of tickets, make the perfect gift for any occasion. Call your travel agent or spirit airlines today at 1-877-717-7177. And now you can book online at www.spiriter.com. With fairs from only $68, we guarantee it'll be loved at first life.ocketers terror alert film display trims for our game i don't really care if your learning from being a employee were issued by different experts and stafftors beforehand before the and it will be recalled with a brave first manifest identity of the influence of users. An example that has been screener info. some how a group back on me amazingly open night. My four skin's back after hanging like a fruit fly. On a day, on a day, on a day, my five feet, I want to hang like a moose, never thinks fly. On a day, on a day, on a day, my five feet, I have the heavy cutway shut. Now I'm hung like a restless memory, whereby I cut me down the side, how a whore, how a whore, I'm a big man now that a group back on my night, I'm a whore, if that thing could be. My four skin's back with a moose was eatable. On a day, on a day, my five feet, I want to hang like a fruit fly. On a four big, in fact, the size has also doubled. On a day, on a day, my five feet, I'm a fucking fat, yay, I want to eat five, who just gives us back now. I'm a big man now that knows his burners now. I'm going to eat five, who just gives us back. Now I'll finish your rib, I'm going to like, and let's have a trunk now. I'll take it one for us, this real excited about those quesios coming back. Bokebry. Oh yeah, he's on it. He's in it. He just came in for like a second, drop off his new stuff. And he said, I got to go back and see all the quesios. So I want to say I think I'm a game show network. Oh yeah, we got to Clark. They're bringing back all the old dicks from the game shows. We got more of a puppet gun there. Anything that rhymes with dick, puppet. 5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in temper time. Hello. Hey Neil, it's up. How you doing, sir? Yeah. Hey, I was on that call yesterday. You know, to call me an asshole and hang up on me? About what? I don't remember. It was a, was it a big, good caller? Yeah. Listen, hey, won't we have a play of teach nakers on Northwest 118,000, 20th court? Uh-huh. You got to cable guys I had working for you. Working for me one doing one. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, what's in on? What, what does that mean? They were working for me doing one. I think I guess I'm talking. Just connecting, hopefully. Yeah, hopefully. Listen, um, what did it tell you something about? Okay, well, listen, when you figure out what it is, call us back someday. 5 6 down to Canterbury, I call them a bad call or yesterday. Can you? Uh-huh. Here's a, are you doing four Myers on the again? Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, hey, how are you? Okay. I just wanted to let you know that there is so many important Myers who is listening. Yeah, I should really pick out four Myers because when you got Dayton Broward with four million people and I'm dying this last hour today, why should I pick out four Myers with you 85 people who listen over there? That's unfair. I'll do it anyway. Okay. I thought I was going to have a great day, sir. That's all he's got. Okay. And goodbye. But did he really say, okay? Uh-huh. Oh, geez. I wish he wouldn't have done that. Well, my speakers start to get in the real itchy. When I hear people say, okay. You don't want to mean? Okay. 560, pound 560 on the 18. Let's take Tampa and hope it's not about my blast that are hello. Yeah, how are you doing, God? Okay, sir. Uh, this is a looking South Tampa. I can get you in a clear day. I mean, I'll let you hear about the, uh, crazy cube of what nuts last week at the version of 10 on Tampa. Yes, I did. You had a green card. You was supposed to be out here. Uh, I think it's six months. The screen card was up in the year, 2008. Uh-huh. He didn't like the way that, uh, the other, uh, workers were handing out towels in the rooms. They liked the way I was sorry. I didn't like the way he was doing it. The whole got guns came back at lunch and now, when nuts in the hotel. Yeah. I read about it. And that Steinbrunner, that, that was Steinbrunner's hotel. And his headquarters is right down the hall. You do me. Do you American way, man? Yeah, I know, buddy. I just saw you guys totally agree with, uh, what you're saying. We got to get this, uh, situation to under control when and not lock that door. Anyways, uh, the black sock. Uh-huh. I'm a big fan of piano, I'm away. And, uh, can't wait to hear all play guy. Uh, you're on satellite TV. Excellent. Okay. Power. Great thing. You too, buddy. See, see how to our friend, uh, who used to be on the right there. 560, 50560, pound five 60. That was great. That was a Tampa call. I actually had something to say. It wasn't talking about, uh, blah blah blah blah blah blah. There was a lot radio inside radio crap. All man. There is nothing more ponders than the radio groupies, which most of them we got in middle of thank God. You know, I'm talking about the radio groupies like Mr. radio and all those other people sit around on the internet with those chat rooms and talk crap back and forth. Oh, my freaking God. Those people, those people are the sports nerds. That's a match made in heaven. Perfect match. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, hello. Yes, sir. Did you hear the time like this was abruptly and quietly kicked off of Williams radio by the female GM. He's been hit and living pretty hard. Yeah. He just disappeared. No, he disappeared. What had nothing to do with that? It disappeared because he had no numbers because he had no audience. But of course, that's the criterion. Then everybody, she disappeared off this station because nobody's that any numbers. Yes, big numbers. Oh, yeah. He's got big numbers. All right. Across his chest. Big numbers. Okay. He's got big numbers. 560, if you hear him, he's got gigantic numbers. He's got a big number like when he was down here. Remember those days? Yeah. He had a big number in his head. He had big numbers on his license plate when he was driving off in the middle of the night to Phoenix Arizona to bail his ass out of here after I had a 7.0. Oh. He had a 3.1. When he came back to life, when he came back to the reality of the situation, the fact that he's in no talent slob with a stupid leather jacket. Here's the lady, mobile and candle. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. A couple of weeks ago, you played a song called Blue. When I thought you said that some of the program directors were gutless, but they didn't want to play it, but I just heard it on the way. I just heard it on an FM station. Right. It was great. It has been playing in 20, it's been number one and 150, five countries already. Finally, these cuts to pay the people get around to it here. Well, I hope you get around to not getting any more calls, because I think there's a few. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Two. What is it called? George? I don't know what's on vacation. It's called Move Your Body. I'll tell you. I'll turn it a little bit. Let me go. Get out of here with that crap. What is that? I'm garbage. Are you playing? I'm that George playing garbage by the way. I'm just kidding. All the hits all the time. On 56. Horsecraft horse. McRadiere. Okay. That's just a little preview. Okay. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Yes, sir. Yes. I'm calling about the peanut psychomic strip. I mean, who cares that it's finished? I don't. I mean, it's, I, it's stopping funny when I was nine years old. Right. That's right. That's absolutely correct. So let's put a little kid. Do you know who I do? A little dog. A little goofy dog. Which I like dogs, but I don't like peanuts. I mean, the only common ship that's you in the worst on that is family circus. Yeah. And I was like, come on. George is peeping his guts out of it. Yeah. I don't mean the comic page. I mean, the more interesting, like they could people on that page. Something I'd look at. It's about the best thing you can read in the Harold anyway. Yeah, true. Good point. At least they get the right ones in there, most of the time. Have a great day, pal. That fits. You can buy the Charlie Shills. Bye, bye Charlie. Good luck to you, sweetheart. Bye, bye Charlie Shills. Bye, bye. Old peanut. There's one for Boca Brian. Good bye Charlie Shills. Huh? You're from opposite. Stupid on there. There's a whole lot of good buy one. So I could buy Tom, like his. Yeah. A whole lot of people that are vanishing from the scene. And of course, don't forget. Goodbye. Goodbye, babbling, bro. Yeah. Oh, she's going off to have a hunchback operation. And I hear Liz is just wild about that show. But you got the biggest bunch. I want to say this to Rhona Wolf. Peat bowls your on you guy and over there. Okay. You got the biggest bunch of no talent losers in your organization. The only talent you had was Rick and Sudd, which, you know, what can I say is we like Sudd's a lot and even though we are George Hayes Rick. But we, you know, like that personally. But just see a, we're up. So on you when you're on a station that's gotten the audience and you're in the morning against the whole bunch of real shows like they are. What are they going to do if they're doing a point four is what I heard. Yeah. 25 to 54 the most important person. 25 50. They're doing a point four. Yeah. What's the point? What's the point of wasting the juice? I'm not sure a lot of people would like to waste the juice. So I'm saying if he's you up in this town again. I have a feeling a lot of people would love the waste of juice. Big time. But seriously, what's the point? You know how much energy it takes to crack up 50,000 watch. And point fours and point eights and point I'm infractions fractions. How long can you people continuing in your delusional state? That's what they're in the right day delusional state. It's called Florida. And they're believing that they really believe they're on bushman that they're putting out a radio station. You're your crannies and talk about radio groupies. People calling it about time don't like it. And about lose wild. These are the four people who are they're the crecines. When I was a light bulb, when they finally put the light bulb, when they did this witch and they put that thing off. When Jack Mark put that make believe radio station in his own year. That's sometimes we put volumes on because we got to my ball unit at the same time. Yeah, that thing. That's when it was all over. Don't you understand it's like Mr. Eagle. He's on a radio station. If you're not only a business, you're off a thing. I don't even know what the call it is. I forgot. I forgot. And he's cranked out 11 over there. Good luck, Steve. You piece of crap. I hope you enjoy your peppercorns and your parmese and cheese. I could do a little over yourself. People are fine to catch you on. 150. 150. 151 at 560 WQAM. Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer. And you're listening to a silver weekday afternoon to two sports radio 560 QAF. I want to do a real thing here now. On the football, they are boon. They're using all of these blue browns. They're going to be a very good farm. They're going to be lost with spotlights. And they're going to be a ballad round. They're going to be a good deal. I want to give you a chance to turn the world around you. You say you always wear a little coat. You wear a little coat. It's all up to technically love with them. I hate to say it's that way. You're going to be a good round. I don't know what you did for me. I hate all those browns. We need them and that little dog. If you never use a jail cell lock, you can go to the every sports radio shows. They're a very criminal makes you do not. If you can catch the ball, run with the ball, the rate of murder, they all rise. As long as they can, it's the breach. You can see it out someday, skin. Okay, so it's bloody cold. It's very basic money. It's the land of the strike you can't wait. You need to pay attention. They're going to turn the world around. They'll tell them for me on the ground. If you never use a jail cell lock, they'll give the jail cell lock. If you never use a jail cell lock, they'll give the jail cell lock. Oh, right. If you never use a jail cell lock, you can't wait. You'll live in a serious story about little guys living in the blue world. And all day and all night and everything he sees is just proof. Like him inside and outside. Blue his house with the blue little window. And a blue for red. And everything is blue for him. And himself and everybody around. He ain't got nobody to listen. I'm moved out the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm moved out the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. I'm the tea of the night. Look at my carpet, it's been enough time Look while the world got changed, while I think Look while the feeling's just endless I made I'm moved all this deep down Now, in all the deep down Now, in the deep down Now, in the deep down Now, in the deep down Now, in the deep down Now, in the deep down Now, in the deep down Now, in the deep down Now, in the deep down Now, in the deep down Now, in the deep down Now, in the deep down Now, in the deep down Now, in the deep down So, what about a move? I'll be a football player Don't you make a sound I'm just gonna break your weapon Leave quietly Don't let this happen to you Today's National Football League Crackhead athletes are above the law Protect your family From the horrors of unwanted NFL players in your home With the new Miami Duffin home alarms It's done The new Miami Duffin home alarm It's done It's done It's done It's done It's done It's done It's done It's done It's done It's done It's done It's done It's done It's done It's done It's done It's done It's done It's done It's done It's done It's done It's done It's done It's done It's done