Sports Radio 560. WQAM Miami Fort Latterdale presents the Neal Rottis Show to talk to Neal called 567-0560 toll free for date in Rower or pound 560 on your cell call. The opinions of Neal is guest callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions or the easily broadcast. No. Neal Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAM. I like the Wii WUVs and him on Channel 7 News. First, as at 2.54, now, as a 2-bit anchor that wears more makeup than cany-fade baker and Mary K. Combine. Rick Sanchez Lane. Here are the dosed tones of the man who brought you crunchy. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez. Rick Sanchez. Here's the song of the song of the song. Rick Sanchez. It is a piece of story over Hylia. It's one show you all want to miss date for a good one. Rick Sanchez. He loves Pizot. I've such a little precious gift from Todd. What can you say about Rick Sanchez? He's an asshole. Absolutely. Well, let me forget to get back to him. 10 out to a 560 WUV. I'm like the candles and say, I'm like the candles and say, I'm like the pants and say, the last call they're on the worst team. It's amazing. They must get a lot worse called than I do. I only hear like the last caller to every morning when I'm sitting here on the captive audience. And because of that, I hear like 99% of them are swill. They're pure, they're from it. The last call, the guy who's trying to say that that was a good loss. That we played on even terms with the best team in the league all the way through when we held our own and actually I played in part of again. And so that makes it a good loss. What kind of a moron? What kind of a rationalizer? What kind of a jacket? He's an asshole. That's something like that. That was a devastating loss. Devastating. Unacceptable, unbelievable. He's just a bit of a little blimp that flies around. He went to somebody stuck up in it and it's just all the year went out with one point seven second flight because Robert Spail was an idiot. He's an asshole. He wasn't bad enough. I said he gets a dump head against the bro ones by Heistik and Joe Thornton right after the whistle went up. He got the puck cover to play his stuff. He's six Joe Thornton in the face. Get to dump headily with two and a half minutes left. And then you're going to get to the point nine. Even little kids. You're little kids that play hockey. They know that if they were in the same situation. Of course they don't play in the NHL where you get a point for regulation time. But even they know because they watch it. That there's four seconds left and a clock. You stand behind the net. You did a little puck around. You look up at the clock and the four seconds run out. You take the point for regulation time. You're going to over time. You have a chance to win. Worst that happens. You got that point. Even little children know that. Does Robert Svella know that? No. He's a dummy. He's a dumb player. And especially on a night when Pablo Burry had an off night which I hate to break the Newthia Virginia even the greatest players in the world have off nights. And we still had a chance right there at the end for a tie. Regulation tie in an at point. Then it makes it something positive. And this guy that's calling you. Well that's a good loss. Sir, you're a jackass. You're an idiot. You're not a one of the no nothings in this town. And it's amazing to me. No, it's not. Interesting would be a better word. Not amazing because it's happened a hundred times a thousand times it's been here. But yesterday my show appears in two columns in both those papers that it and also Saturday night after they are a single-lating Burry over time goal would be to Bruins 4-3 one of the best games of the year. And I was screamed about up Monday was it on the front page of the sports section, either newspaper. Oh, buried page 12 page 13 had our look to find it. We lose a game last night and here it is on the front page of both sports sections. Here's the a Harold costly mistake for Kat's vala. Here's the Sun Sentinel. Patthus and Fala slip up on the front page of the sports section would be headlines. You got to accentuate the negative because this is the soft floor to F and way, baby. You got to accentuate the negative. But anyway, Greg Co. Texan Dave Joseph both discovered here on way more than halfway through the season. That nobody's showing up. How about that? What a concept. They suddenly discovered this last night at the macarina that people aren't showing up. That we had 15,689 for the top two teams of the conference and two of the best teams in league. For a very important game and turned out to be an entertaining game, not the greatest game, but it was entertaining. Because it's a horseship town, it's a horseship buggy town and never going to change. And Dave Joseph calmed me. I mean, he must have the paper court to go on his show because it's like verbatim word for word in parts of it from what I said yesterday. And then Greg Co. Texan says if we had alien night at the macarina, maybe we get some people in there. What do you say? Uh-huh. Yeah, we could let alien drop the puck for the opening ceremony. Maybe they could let him play with little kids out there. You know, they have in between periods going, At least we get a bunch of those two flusulios in there. Charging doubles what I say. Rick Sanchez, you're in disgrace. I would say to the broadcasted broadcast journalism, but of course being a channel 7 is the adrenaline. No, they don't know nothing about broadcast journalism. They're just a bunch of sensationalistic assholes. Sure enough, I get home yesterday and right there is promised to be a clock. Air of the channel. 4, 6, 7, and 10. They're right at again. But I mean, but I will put it up. Pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup, pup. They're right at again. And if all of the people on their Rick Sanchez foreign away, I mean, I'll say one thing man. You stand heads and shoulders below everybody else. You've heard the expression heads and shoulders above the rest. He's heads and shoulders beneath the rest. You're a disgrace. I thought he was going to start hyperventilating what on the ear and start squatting over to God Damn, a news anchor, Doug Desk. When they showed the scene out there at Opa Locket Airport and here was the Lairjet. And they just received breathless word from Craig Stevens, who was slipping around in the air, which believed me comes natural for him. He was slipping around over there, Craig Stevens. And we just received word they provided a side day file to be via a flight plan, and they're going to be leaving in nine minutes. This was like at about 20 until let's see, 20, 12, 4, or was it 20 to 5? I can't keep track. They're going to be leaving in nine minutes. And this is after we already seen, I mean, the OJ Bronco thing, Pails into its significance, compared to what I went on yesterday. We got the cameras at Ali Ones, American family at the Schlepper's house, and what's going on here, and how come our mind to go to the air is the family spokesman. Funny ask you folks, did your family have a spokesman? No. How about you Joe? Did your family have a spokesman? No. Other than the mafia, I don't know any of who they got their consular, I guess, would be the spokesman. But I don't know any families who have a spokesman. I mean, the Panthers have a spokesman, I know who he is, but what other than that? What's this with a spokesman? But anyway, so our mind to go to the air is there, and he backs the one car up and we're breathless. And we're showing you know, there's people inside the house. We don't see the little boy yet. And they're speculating, oh, it's on. We're going to have the same thing as Monday. And by the way, what an amazing revelation on page 13A, very inherent again, a US official say, demand was way out of stalemate. US officials were so frustrated because they knew 24 hours before Monday night that there wasn't going to be any dinner at that house. Even though these people let little alien on, they took them to get his little brownie camera and the grandma's at the abuela's are coming for dinner. Did they show up? No, but they knew a day ahead, they weren't coming because they couldn't agree on a new two-site. Just another example of these people. These are hysterical people. These are irresponsible people. These are liars. It's us against them. And I love that one comment after the two are visited yesterday between the abuela's and alien. Aliens, my relatives who are fighting the boys father and family of in Cuba for custody, claimed that their side was winning the battle for the little boy's affections. And there was their brain washing's working better because basically they got them in the grass, but most 99% of the time, and terrified the let them lose for five minutes or two hours. And so Rich Sanchez starts hyperventilating, oh my goodness, they're going to be leaving a nine minutes and you just know that the grandmothers are going to get back on at Lyrgyz and they're going to be taking off and going back to washing them. And it's going to be another day just like Monday. And meantime, we've already seen the motorcade and here's that green car, whatever you can tell it was, the green Lexus and it's going up the Hershey highway and over the duty of the title and down to grandma's house and over to a Jean Laughlin's house and all this other crap on pine tree drive. Oh, good God. I don't know about you. I'm worn out for a minute. I just, no, seriously, I give a, I give a, I give, I'm going to put my hands up there. I give up, I give, I surrender. I'm worn out for a minute. I can't deal with it anymore. I think the whole community is just, is just ready to plot from this already. You know what I'm saying? Please, we give up. Just make up your mind and have a great life. I'll pack you a, will send you a sandwich. Although I think it's very clear beyond the shadow of a doubt that the local so-called exiles and by the way, channel seven, there weren't hundreds of people out there. Even a hero that has to admit that there was only 50 people in front of that house. Oh, they're hundreds of protests. 50, let me say it again. These people have turned off everybody. 98% of rational people. Even people who otherwise would say, hey, let the kids stay here. We don't want them go back to a communist country. Even people would say that. I say, oh, send them back. We just, we can't deal with these people. These people are just, I don't, they're outrageous. They're scumbags, they're loontitics. 10 minutes after 10 at 5.50W, the QMs. Only one South Florida radio station has that. There... ... is that theод... What? Oh wow. Oh, hey, you're gonna do this. Why the hell don't you go, fool? Yes, yes. And stuff all on that one. From all the crazy CEO. How? Go back and do it with your talk, Bob. Oh, great, but. Where you can play in the mud. You're buying a picture. We'll back to the beach and then get the ladders. There you go, where we're all fed up. There's no mud yet, let's see. Hey, let's young the darling. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Why don't you go home? Why don't you go home? Hey, let's have a look. Go home and see the other two. Oh, you're easy. I don't want to go back. I like shopping for free toys, better. You've got your coffee, mom. You sure? And everything is out here. You've had your fun. I've got your jacket. So they can get you out of here. In that's a point where we can stand it. Everybody's out of the door. I've all the rules of the trackers. The group of two does it's far and far and far. Hey, hey, hey, hey, young the darling. Why don't you go home? Hey, hey, young the darling. Hey, oh, oh, oh, oh. I don't know. I don't know. They're giving away three or three-rate green cards. Can I have one? Well, driving away from the meeting, every on-class, the view sign out the window and an interview broadcast of a Spanish language radio station, a radio mom V, W-A-Q-I said, tomorrow they're going to make me an American citizen. The proposal is not expected to come up with a bait until next week of the earliest, however it says. And also it says in the same paper that said 50 people were there. That's 400 people were there. Did I see 400 people there? No. I saw it on 4, 6, 7, and 10. Again and again and again and again and again. Did I see 400 people there? No. That's what it says on the other page. One page says 50. The other page is 400. And interestingly, the same people that were screaming. Libertad Libertad. When a couple of people showed up with a different opinion, they tried to beat the crap out of them. And the cops took lung out, which is not a good idea. Take your sign and go home. And they said, OK. Libertad, if you agree with us. And this is the saddest, most tragic thing I've ever seen because I'll be honest with you. I'm watching this thing and I've told you this right from the beginning. I could make the most compelling, overwhelming, undividible case for this kid staying here. Father or no father, grandparents or no grandparents. I've not been sent back to a goddamn communist regime. And living under a dictatorship, especially since it was almost the miracle that he was found floating in the ocean. Even though, of course, his mother was very irresponsible, put in a 60-year-old kid in a wickedie boat like that. But nevertheless, he made it. And by the way, here's the grand standing that what the hell is the guy's name, Dahl Ripple? Did he use the catch for the fillies or something? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The douchebag Dahl Ripple. He's up there in Washington with the other, with the crying relatives up there. And the grand standing, the good Christian. And we had the other guy from the road, the real fisherman that had the balls to dive in the water. He's today called the show about a quarter to two. Nobody is called him to thank him. Oh, well, they give him any publicity. Oh. And they keep playing it up this guy because he's on a publicity, uh, seeking thing. Unbelievable. You people in the local media here, you're the laughing stock of the universe. Don't give me any song of it. You were joke. You were a joke. And here's another example today. These two columns right here, even though it's just a sports thing. Still and right out of their show. And my good friend Norma Kent, who's in there. Every guy there in publication got his a fabulous paper on his all over the place. Even he's quoted in here in some stupid article. And this, uh, fat column they got in the Harold all the time. But Dr. Laura that bitch by Steve a bathhouse or Rothhouse or whatever his name bathhouse. Is that what it is? Uh-huh. He says you have to understand that if a fraud went on the year was on for 30 minutes. Some of them would call up and say, of all the frogs that have been on the year, you have the best. Where have we heard that before, huh? About putting a monkey on a year. And if, uh, he would be on a first quarter, we'll tell you the best monkey. How many years have I been saying that on the show? So everybody in there brother is using heels material. And of course I'm not looking for any credit for it because I've been here too long. I know you won't get any. But what I bluish league freaking townness is, and I'm the one that told you that 24 years ago. And by the way, Hank, nice job of kissing for all on the radio's ass. Yesterday up there in Atlanta, disgusting. Yeah, for all on the radio. And it's so wonderful watching the great playmaking of Oleg Kavasha. I almost drove off the road. The great playmaking of Oleg Kavasha. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. But when did that happen? I must have missed that game. When that happened. Oh, yeah. But you just don't understand. For real on the radio and Hank actually sucked his ass. I get what can I say, but that was fun. Oh, God. I mean, if I don't hate for years, but I never realized his tongue had that kind of a reach. Just like in the Budweiser, a frog spots, you know, that long reach out and grab that fly. Of course, I know a little bit about tongues and flies. But anyway, here's my me, be. Hello. Hey, I'm going to look for the more, uh, or yeah. Okay. Where are you going to have to them soon? Soon. That's good. There's an other question about this whole alien thing. Who's paying for all this, uh, leard jet flying around for the whole time? I have to have a question. Probably the National Council of Churches, those companies that come as the guys that Rick Sanchez will bring it about yesterday. Come on. Probably our freaking text money going on. Couldn't surprise me. Of course. We know that the text money's going for all the police. Every police car, Miami Beach was out there yesterday and apparently drives. Yeah, across the corner on the horses. Just like the traffic, just like the traffic, like the traffic, somebody might for overtime down the city of Miami a couple of weeks ago when you were riding and doing her thing down there. I have a great idea for the people. Why don't we dig a good canal in a 36. Okay. Great. Put you in it. 5.6705. 50, pound five, 50 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's the rail. Rimes with canal. Hello. Hey, Neil. Good for me. Yes, sir. That's canal. See it. I think everyone also forgot. If you remember. Well, you're not. Yeah. Years ago this Colombian kid who got inside. Well, they haven't forgotten. We talked about that yesterday. We talked about the last week. Good and forget. Okay. Yeah. They send them right back. And he wrote that as their end is last December. Right. Now, we'll well over Jen. Now, about this week's edge. And yesterday, I said, I'm going to call Neil and talk about the city. Just happen to be that you caught the same thing. Oh, I didn't listen. And we've discussed it. Hey, no. He already had a back out of plane. He was so Schmidt face when they showed the. In fact, he wasn't even willing to admit when they showed him coming out of the. The building and they were heading for the helicopter. He was saying, all over either heading for the helicopter or towards the tail of the Lear jet. Now, let me ask you something. How do you get out of. Are we thinking about the plane? How do you get into the tail of a Lear jet? Yeah. How do that means? Not only that. You didn't finish this story. Do you remember the rig said we're trying to get the driver of the lexis on the phone? I'm trying to call his. Oh, I don't see that. To tell. Yeah, he said I'm trying to. They bought AC was in the back seat. He said that he's trying to get the driver on the cell phone. To see if he and he didn't as her phone. Thank God. Well, I didn't see it the other night, but he actually was on the phone with the. With the relatives, they were speeding toward the Tammy. Yeah. I'm wondering. That's right. Coach and I'm. Yeah, I remember. So he's not a report. He's not covering this. He's a participant in this. Right. The driver to tell them that the jet was leaving at 445 and that the grandmother's We're going to leave that the whole thing. Can you imagine what a nice race that would have been. You mentioned. Are you serious? Are you serious? Yeah, right. He was going back to Washington. Yeah, right after he talked out. He's an answer. Right. Right after he found out that the plane was leaving at 445. This man should not be on the air while this stuff is going on. He is out of control. He's irresponsible. And again, he's interfering. I think you got to go out and drive around in front of the stadium and hit a couple of people and just get him out of our way for. Right. Not only that. A couple of drinks at night when it was all over. Okay. He was the interview the well, the reporter in front of the home was talking. Remember there was a big problem with the cell phone. Right. What are the grandmother's cell phone? Yeah, then the nun's the nun. Thank God for those nuns listening in a hallway by the way. And they must have good ears because you know when you punch up a cell phone, it's very quiet. How do you put here somebody dialing up a cell phone? And they went in there and thank God, confiscated that cell phone. And the kid couldn't react to his dead in the private without the coaching and the nervous. Well, after that happened, Rick Sanchez of course has to give his question afterwards. He has to report her if he knows if they actually searched the room for bugs. Right. For microphones. I think they have a search him for bugs. Right. Like life. Okay. Thanks for the good news. I'm excited about that. So Rick Sanchez, again, just like Elliot Rodriguez, lecturing the coast guard that day a few months ago. Now we got Rick Sanchez trying to get him a cell phone to give these people the bad news that the grandma's weren't coming. Even though they were coming. How can you go on the year every day, Mr. Sand. I mean, I realize you were a clown. You're not a news guy. You were a clown. Your whole channel is a bunch of clowns. I understand that. But to some people, this is serious business. See what's just more monkey business. So, and here he is, uh, speculating about all these things that are going to happen. Some people would call it speculating. I call it speculating in his case. And trying to stick his nose and interfere in what's going on. I just don't get it. I don't get it. We had to see air reviews second. I mean, don't most of us who lived here for a while know how you get from down around the second avenue. Over to Miami Beach. Don't we know? Don't we know where pine tree drive is? Don't we know where Mount Sinai is? Uh-huh. Oh, and we had to see the helicopter taking in. And you know, I was getting seasick watching it because the camera angle. Did you see any of it? To me, it looked like the helicopter was like going in the goddamn water. I, oh, Jesus Christ, that's all. What are they doing now? It's sabotage. Because they're the camera angle. It looks like they're so goddamn low. You know what I'm talking about? And then they would change the angle a little bit. You think, oh, Jesus, thank God for that. One point. I thought they were going to fly to one of those buildings downtown before they got across the other coastal. And it was unbelievable. You people on four, six, seven, and ten. Let me say it again. Your assholes. Your crazy people. What's your doing to this town? And of course, guiding light did we see yesterday? Oh, no. That's more important, believe me. And they didn't need all of this for play. Talk about exploiting. And what their response would be, oh, yeah, but the media from all over the world were there. I don't give a crap. Okay. I don't care if the media from the whole universe from Uranus were there. Not everybody in this community wants to be dead huge with this crap morning, noon, and night, nonstop. 24 hours a day of our freaking lives. Okay. So we're running in a sea of crap in a sea of alien. Yeah, maybe we could rename the inter coastal as the alien coastal. Huh? The alien sea. And maybe we could just take Rick Santas over the alien sea and watch him drown in it. Maybe we could get watch your name Susan Smith on parole for the weekend. Give her here a little ride. Yeah. In some shallow water, no more than 23 feet deep. Rick Santas, all I could say is he's an asshole. You're a jerk. You're a real first class absolute disgraceful jerk. You make me sick. 20, don't get my point across you think? 26 after 10 at 5, 60, W to Q m. Wake up. What's the first knee? No, no. The first knee goes to you. No. We've been hoarding six homeless on sports radio crimes. No. Keep the whole world out the more on mine. Oh, right. I've got you on the chair. On the football. Play your food here. Play your soul and keep it around. First, you got a back knee thigh. His ass is behind it. He'll never be off the ground. Oh! You'll escape, too. How about the beauty? And gently throw them with you. You say always well, a little coat you held it all up. Technically up with them. Just as you confess your past, they'll never drown. So with them, for they also drown. Be the NFL dog. You've turned into never a human, the jail cell dog. You're gonna be with the others. Sports, brain, child. Then, when they're in prison, they take it back. No, by the way, you can catch the ball or rub with the ball with rape and murder. The old man, as long as they can, feels the bleach in it. It's still out some days, being. The new cares, who gets bloody long as they're a baby money. And the land is like you, in the way. Be the baby of that day, and all that blow around. No one can rest for me on the ground. Be the man that I'm done. Be the devil. Be the devil. He's a jail cell man. Be the man that's all drunk. Oh! Be the devil. He's a jail cell dog. 1032 at 560 WCM. The saddest part of this whole thing is that, like I've been telling you, Richard and Bigon and Little Boy mean nothing. He means nothing. He's just a pawn. A pawn, this obnoxious game. And what were the people from the Cuban American National Foundation doing, by the way? Why were they invited to the house next door to Jean Lothon's house? What could they possibly have been doing there? Watsonwood binoculars, maybe something like that? I mean, they already had the nuns in there spying, worrying about whether there was a cell boy inside. So, actually, they could make a phone call to daddy back in Cuba. And a kid could talk without a bunch of propaganda standing over his shoulder. And they did a wonderful job. Nice going there. Nice going to assist. Pathetic. And how did the other side know that those people were in that house next door? I mean, this reminds me of the thing in Mad Magazine, Don Martin, you know, a spy versus spy. But there can be no question no matter what happens from here on in there is no question. The castors already won. He already won. As always, as always, because the group of two-plus assholes down there in Miami, they always alienate everybody. Pist everybody off. I mean, this story from the immigration department about this dinner that was never going to happen on Monday and the 24 hours of advance. And again, because the kid means nothing, they exploited him and used him so they could set up this dog and pony show and say, Oh, you see the other side there. Here we're waiting with this nice dinner. And why wouldn't anybody want to? And by the way, even the, hey, peril admits that some of the people who were there when they're talking only about the 50 they're showing on a front page weren't friendly when the grandma was arrived. So why should anybody be concerned? Some old Babaji, why should be she got concerned when she turns on the TV? The first thing she puts a lot of foot on his door and sees all these crazy people running around with his side, but it would be fun, but maybe she wasn't expecting only flowers, maybe like a, like they say, Nick's a Cuban bullet or something like that. Is it so much to ask for these people to this spurs to get the hell out of the way? And it's got them Ramon, Saul, Sanchez. Oh, it's got them boats. Here's the, here's the, what was the first one though, the Humano Starecho, the Hume rights boat. And the brothers to the rescue shooting ourselves in the face boat. Come up the intercoastled and they get there. No, no, because the cops in the waterway said they get there a lot of here, turn around and go back. This is as far as you're going. Nice job by the way, by the police. Oh, I'm going to reach about time. Nice job. How's Andrew Kinen and doing by the way? I'm sorry. You're alienating. Oh, that was a bad word. How do you spell that? Elianating everybody in the goddamn universe by your behavior. It's up not just, and the more I think about it, I think he would be better off back in Cuba with that family. Because those people are certainly more responsible in addition to which he'll be, he'll be like a king over there. He'll be the king of the universe as they say in China, mel, how long, whatever that means. To be the king of the guy at the end of the universe over there. Living the life of Raleigh. Here he's going to live with East come bags. With those two crying with the, oh, that Marist Laces man, she just sends me and the other one, the, the, the, the, the, El Sid one. That's up there in Washington. Crying, squirting all over. They get along with our PD. I'll take it that. Yeah, they can all get together. Go on and cry and jack together. Three of them. God. Just make me want to barth those people and their lawyer's Spencer. I against Roger Bernstein, all the jewel attorneys they could find. And these people just keep lying and lying and lying. You see, if you ever had any doubts about American propaganda. Prop again, from this side. Now you're getting real good listening. What we're always talking about Soviet propaganda and the Fidel Castro propaganda and Chinese propaganda, Kamalista and this, I mean, we were better anybody in the world of propaganda at brainwashing. We do know how to do it. Here's the call in Miami. Hello. Hello. Buenos dias. Well, yeah, I'm here to tell you that I'm a first generation of two, but American. See, and I don't even want to get into the whole, anything what I'm looking at. And I'm looking at four million dollar house on Miami Beach. Yeah. When kids in Central America and Venezuela, they threw the mudslides of stuff that money could be used for better purposes. And what do they got? They got four old fart, no, and living in a four million dollar house. But just remember one thing, it's got a lot of turlets in that house. Someone used to foolish Midas day are. It's a good thing they got enough turlets to go around. But there's no fangs in the church. Exactly. There's no fangs in the church. Okay, thanks for the good news. Yeah, the sisters were sitting outside monitoring. The meeting. Well, let me ask you this. Why couldn't it have been possible that they just had the meeting up there in his home without anybody monitoring? I mean, I realize that's a revolutionary concept. Do you think there might be a little paranoia involved here? Uh-huh. Oh, they might have had a phone. And who could they have been calling? Maybe they could have called Superman who had a phone to the window, put it early on in his back. And the Kate Crusader could have flown down in 90 miles and put him right in the middle of God's hand. And then they would take her to the right. What do you say? Oh, I mean, we're talking about crazy people. They had to have the nun sitting in the hallway monitoring what was going on inside. I think, how come they don't have anybody monitoring at the house over there on second street or whatever it is? I have it. Why don't they have anybody monitoring over there? What's going on inside? The incestant brainwashing that's going on. Oh, yeah, they're going to make me a US citizen. I'm going to go back to Disney World. I'm going to have two more puppies and a whole bunch more toys and blah blah blah blah blah. You know, tragic what they're doing to this kid. As if he's all that important, which of course. Oh, he's not. He's just another, uh, wannabe. He's just another person that floated up on short. But because of the fact that he's this symbol between the evil guys and the so-called good guys, therefore he has to be in his God's end, tug of war. Somebody on the radio, I think it was me. He'll go. Said it best right after the started, a human wishbone. That's right, he's a human wishbone over there. Fidel is pulling on one leg and we got these crazy toothless assholes pulling on the other leg. And he split right down in the middle. And nobody could care less about him. I mean not a little bit. So all this bull crap about all his future and his freedom and liberat thought. Don't, I think that every one of those signs ought to be pulled down. So I freaking lie, liberat. You don't know the meaning of it. Soon as somebody's got to the setting point of your right to blow their brains out, right to the To Lynch and right there in the streets. Libre.n's at the end of your lip. You phony two and by the way, speak in the lip. Imagine the diseases, some of those people got tongue in the elephant mouth disease with a Teeth like that. Get you a get you to a dentist. Get thee to a nunnery or have it at thing goes. They did. 21 before 11 at 5. 60 WQM. In mandate toss. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I hear a sports radio 5. 60 QAL. Fuck it in and hold it. I'm frozen at that latemen. And I'm a theater to say, please don't be agonized. I'm frozen at that latemen. I'm a theater to say, please don't be agonized. I'm a theater to say, please don't be agonized. Founding name of the an office for life and oh, it's all too true. The foolish country to decide. 5. You're a public tiny little island. That's a 20-piece wide young guy. It's no one else can buy your wife. I'll try today, happy life. I'm still been a conbiasing the city and for me to be as bad as. I'm a community tiny. For the media, I'm a rock. I have this discussion to be the cow I wear. I'm not like me, but I got your savior. For your meaning is causing. And you're an hour board of media, you're. I'm in 10, 44, 5, 60 QAL. I'm the one. The officials decided to take a tough stand. The force Wednesdays meeting between Ali on Gonzalez and his grandmother. The first media, they were outrage by reports that the boys, Miami. Relatives and told them his grandmother's were coming to dinner on Monday night. Even though they had been told 24 hours earlier that no such dinner would take place. And you people had 4, 6, 7, and 10, by the way, how come you assholes can't get there right? All you do is sit there and speculate and speculate and you can't get the story right. Just like the grandma's, the obwellers are getting back on a liver jet. They're getting back. Oh, nice going. Rick, you jackass, you simple and you smelly oozing asshole. How's that guy doing? We still dead. One at Rick's hand, she's hitting front of P.B. Park. Have another drink. How cool is that said, one official, another call that they sham family dinner? The level of the options and he was there that they were putting forward was unacceptable. Just unacceptable said, a Clinton administration official defending a tough letter. The INS sent to a lawyer's for Ali on's, we had a collateral Gonzalez on Tuesday. They ordered the meeting with the grandmothers. Just as the department lawyers were so concerned that the Miami relatives wouldn't deliver Ali onto the meeting Wednesday. They were prepared to seek an emergency hearing in a Miami federal court Wednesday morning government sources said the attorneys would have asked the family be declared in contempt of lawful federal order. How do you like that? Yeah, these people, they got some huts of them, man. They're sitting there and they're making the conditions. Oh, well, the bitch with a red red red. She's not allowed inside and they're hypervettinating and pulling it them off and hurting already and a push. Who the hell are they? Who are they to be making things up as they go along? They're making up the laws that what it's all about? Oh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize that. See, I think the deal is you take all of these vananibode people and their lawyers. All the ones that are out there, this family, all these people with a toothless people or further fan and their lawyers put them out of God, they're both let Ali on stay here. Fix up that house, we'll take care of them, you know, give them some real parents in there. Like a foster family. Why not foster family? Oh, not him, some other foster. Maybe foster you with that son better. I don't think him up. And then send all these other people back there and let them have a good time with them. And give them all a bunch of weapons, okay? They can either blow each other's brains out for a fiddle. In the case maybe, get them out of our face. And that smocked ahead of lawyer put him up, he can he can steer the ship. Oh, he makes me, I'm telling you, I just, I look at him and I just, I feel so anti-Semitic. How can I do like me be so anti-Semitic? I just see him and I go, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. It makes me never want to touch another hum and touch, but I'm sure I will. When's poor and by the way? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, deal. Yes, sir. It's Rick from Costco, all right. Okay. Anyway, you know, first things, the guy that's glass called, like you said, they call govie. How do you take from being three point, or would it have been four point moron? Just seven point behind and say that's a good thing. You know, all that was a good law. He said it was a good thing. Who is he? Well, we said it was a good loss, remember? We said it was a collar, not guilty, didn't say that the collar says. Right, no, but guilty affirmed it by saying, well, that's one of the positive things you can take away from this. What's wrong? There's nothing positive you could take away from that game. You have to be positively nauseous. How could you take anything positive? It would be flating a waspugin' boosting. Yeah, I'm really. And you take stray wasth answering the phone today. I seriously doubt it. You know, he's got to be done. But anyway, back to the only one thing, my cousin. I have a bad feeling about that game in Philadelphia tonight, by the way. You'll sit by anyway. Right, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, anyway. My cousin was right on plain tree. He says, you know, I feel bad for the kid. I don't even know him, but at this point I want to shoot him. And he's had it. He's had it. He's, you know, I don't understand why these people have an Assimulated yet and let the courts do what they do. You know, our family came in our boats, you know, in 1916. And they assimilated. You know, we're acting with normal people. Let the courts do the things and set us, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Get out of here, man. I'm done. Okay, you're done. You were done a long time ago. 560, 750, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Martin Nill. What is this? Listen to this. I was coming home yesterday. I worked. That's home early for the first time a week. I turned on the news and all I see is aliens. Uh-huh. So I turned on financial news network to check up on the stock. Right. I think alien is infiltrated to seads. Alan Green's fan nomination committee was on TV. Yeah. And some senators from somewhere while we're talking about fiscal management and forecasting. Right. Where should alien be? He has the alien green span that. I lost it. Oh, no. You have to be young. I've watched. He has the alien green span about alien. Yes. Right in the middle of a confirmation. Oh, if anyone else heard it, have a little bit calling because I lost it. He's everywhere. He's like a disease. I mean, you just can't, you can't get away from it. So I threw my remote control. God out of the house and came back a couple hours later. And it's still on. Still going on. Unbelievable. Well, that's what we got to deal with living now. Thanks for the good news, pal. See you. I'm getting on my banana bowl right now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the 18. Why don't we have two or three hundred open lines at the moment for you to prove it? Is for you to think about for you to consider? Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I don't want to. Okay. I don't want to say anything. I don't want to say anything. I don't want to say anything. All they see is Aliad. I'm waiting when they're going to come out with the Aliad action figure. Oh, that's the weekend I think it came out. I hope you are. In fact, they're going to have a big picture because then I think it was came out of a Walmart where they brought him a brownie camera. Right. The pictures are him with the grandma and one and number two. And when is he going to come out and have the action figure with the American flag and a Cuban flag? Uh-huh. But it would have been half with the underruse on half American and half Cuban. If I understand that he's wearing the underwear that's got like half Cuban flag on one side and American flag on the other side. Yes, the down the front and what's his name clearly in the back? Right. One kiss in his ass. Right. Baba in the back. Right. Okay. Thanks. A little merchandising idea if you're a productive out there. We got a real imaginative mind. Come up with your Aliad action figures. Aliad on shooting down Fidel. Aliad on kissing up to a grandma number one and grandma number two. You've been always got his fingers crossed behind his back because he's going to be American citizens in the About five minutes. Poof your citizens. If it weren't for the media, we couldn't be blessed with this inundation with this drowning in a sea of Swirl. Okay. If it weren't for all the media, not just locally, but nationwide worldwide, I've assessed with Crap. Just I've assessed with this. Oh, it's a great human interest story. I guess what I am interested anymore. Not interested. I can't handle it. I can't stomach it. I can't stand it. I just want to live my life. Is that so bad? Can't we just live our goddamn lives in peace? Oh, and the people who lived there on pine tree dive couldn't live their lives in peace. Oh, they had to blow that and block off the streets. You know, they made a good point. The president's wife, Hillary was here. That bitch yesterday, Hillary was in town. Anybody paying attention to her? No. I guarantee that they had a lot more security and a lot more. I mean, it was unbelievable. Did you see Aliad and his people that were driving up just van after van and car I've just truckloaded these guys. And of course, the paranoid who he owes there on the TV saying, oh, who are these guys? Are these guys? We have any idea these guys are? Oh, yeah. They're the ones that are going to spirit, either on a way. They're going to put them in a nap sack and sneak them out the back door. Yeah. Do you understand, by the way, that's a family, the Miami family, such as they are? They insisted that there be an inspection of this 13 room house so that there was no Shenanagan, no trap doors. This is the truth. To the, that makes, to check for trap doors. That they might drop Aliad down through the trap door and all of a sudden he would disappear and they wouldn't see him again. And these are the people who expect us to believe that whatever the government decides in this, the courts in the government decide that they're going to go along with that. Is there anybody who believes that? No. No way. There's only one way and it's their way. And believe me, whatever they say it is, it sure is not. That's the American fucking way. That way. Here's a mobile and crawl spring, hello. I know. Yes. One thing that really bothers me about is you sir. I would Rick Sanchez did yesterday. He's an asshole man. Well, he does nothing. He's a millionth old. He doesn't understand the one pilots fly out to fly out to fly out to fly out to fly out to fly out to fly planes. They're good for 24 hours and there were keenly filed early and then pilots to mend them before they take off. So that, to close them up. All right. He didn't understand that, but what he tried to call Rob Mohn with the Arizona fall. I'm glad I didn't see that. I would be. He was, if that's apparently his Lexus that he's driving the family around him. And he reached his voice and he'll be close to the phone was cut off. You know, turned off. I mean, if he had managed to reach him on 995, the damage that could have been quite is just been calculable. Right. Interfering, interfering with a government set up meeting. This is a government thing that's going on. And here's the guy who's a punk clown on a local clown TV station. And he's trying to interfere with us. Yeah, now Sanchez and that has not a great IQ or anything like that. So I doubt he would be. He's an asshole. He's an asshole. And what he did, but how about these news directors? Can't they put some responsible rings on these talks? They didn't care about responsible. All they care about is what they get up to a frenzy and exploiting it for as long and hard as they can. Excuse me. And finally, that was quite a house that they are university homes. Yeah. I wonder how much other things you really state to capture a chance. Oh, man. You can't even begin to imagine how about the new building. They built their at the art dices that multi-million dollar facility. That house was worthy of a stop American drug. Me, if you're going to bring all those alterboys in, you better wind and dine in good style. You know, they don't like being in some slippers place. That's a new amount of material. Okay, have a great day, sir. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T, where the lines were outside the door in the hallway monitoring. And winning and confiscated the cell phone. Here's the call from Florida City with 15 questions. Mark, hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I always want to get a couple of your opinions on this early on. Personally, I'm sick of it myself. I don't know if I ever hear it again. I know I can't avoid it. But I don't want to hear about it. Well, I know you're saying that. Well, Boseman of Moses and my own opinion from what I've seen from that day. Yeah. I'm going to tell you this family down here has been doing nothing but very Mojna's child. Right. Absolutely correct. The sheriff board that belongs to the father. He is a cuban. And that's exactly why they don't want to let him out of their clutches for one single solitary moment. They don't want him talking to anybody on the phone unless they're their coaching him in the back. They don't want him talking to anybody else face to face unless they or their lackeys, their attorneys are there. They're terrified because they want to do their brain washing job unimpeded by anybody else. And one of the things I like to say is I'm sorry about your maple leaves because I'm a panter friend and board away they lost their game last night. That was just 16. Sorry about my maple leaves. Well, you know, they won't win every day. Well, they get to be honest. Yeah. I understand that. But, uh, smellable. What was he thinking? He wasn't. Oh, very early. Maybe he's really maybe he's kind of rick Sanchez. Maybe he's met in the Hulls II. I could have a lot to do somewhere. Have a look at that. God bless you. 560, 750, 560, Pont 560 on the 182 wireless line. By the way, Randy Morrie, at least did lose to the tour last night. You're right. And you know what? There's still only one Mike Lang. So stop at a cornea bullcrap. Here's a call in plantation. Hello. New flesh. Yes sir. Where me just come on television. Said, Ellie, I'm took a piss. Oh, no. Scored score. Why? I hope that the Eurac acid level wasn't too high. Did you happen to see the cell phone strap to his waist? Two, who's waist? Ellie on. He had a cell phone strap to his waist. Two days ago on TV, they showed two pictures of it. Yeah. Got a cell phone. What did probably ask to call his broker and see how it's doin' you know? Of course. Okay. Have a great day, sir. Sure. He's, I mean, he's gone CNBC's on every was on MSNBC, CNBC, CNN46710 again. He's everywhere. You wake up in the middle of night. You're looking to see the, oh my god, it's the image of Aliah. He goes outside. There's a cloud in the sky. Only one cloud. It's him. There's his post. I recognize that face. He's the baby, Jesus. And Moses. That's right. What you laughing about? That's a goddamn truth, man. And if you don't believe me, I got to know. Save that thing. I sure I'm just positive. I saved it from the other day. Oh, no. Where is it? Oh. Don't tell me I're trying that out. That was the greatest. He's been sent as the like Moses to show the, the free, the liberty of Cuba's only moments away. He was sent here at the miracle. Anybody with a brain believe that? No. Anybody with an IQ bigger than their thumbnail, believe that? No. Thank God, we're not dealing with a bunch of superstitious historical people down there. You know what I'm saying? I'm talking about the newly, uh, nerve-wracking. 1056 at 560 WQM. QAN, drops the green flag with motorsports senators. Saturday morning, set six with choke as yellow. Right here on Sports Radio 560 QA. For radio, I see the alarm. Don't you think they can't come here. I'm having a good time today. Thank this balance I understand. You're a verbal one for those close to your heart. By sharing the thoughts and words of romance and love. In the way that can only be expressed. We are the romantic reason of Mr. Jack Love. Thank you. Thank you. It's 11.0560 WQM. Hankled the up there in Atlanta. Hopefully we don't have to put up with that for a while on a radio crap today. God, that was bad. Oh, was that a suck-back? That's the great thing making a voice of Asia, yeah. And then we got her a cool in hotline at 6 o'clock. I'd panthers at the flyers pre-game at 7 o'clock in the game at 7 o'clock in the evening, which gigs in the Mike Lang Jr. So Dave Joseph writes in his column this morning, Brey is areas best but nobody notices. Isn't that exactly what I've been saying on this column? Well, when you hear the column if you have a ready, you'll say, that sounds like everything else has been saying. For a beat him sunrise, late Wednesday morning, while the devils were going through their pre-game, the actual car yet to say, Lou Lamarello was asked about the impact Pavel Burri is had on the Panthers. Lamarello rubbed his head together in smile. He's electrifying so the devils present in general manager. He's as exciting a hockey player as you'll find anywhere. You've got to be careful when you're playing Jantz Tim and you don't stop and watch him. There's no question with Brey. The Panthers are one of the top teams in the league. And the Panthers came out Wednesday, you think on a mission to prove exactly that. And again, that featured the top two teams in the Eastern Conference. Again, that featured two teams that had gone to combine in the season in the last 14 games. The Panthers lost a heartbreaker through the two. When Robert's failed at the Velo Braenlock, and gave away to puck with 1.7 seconds left. Spalas mistake was huge as was this game. The top two teams, the best player in the league. The first to back to back games for the Panthers. And a house barely two thirds full. What's wrong with this picture? In 24 home games this year, the Panthers are playing through a shocking number of empty seats, despite going 17, 5 and 2 at home. When the Panthers and Devils got to the arena for their pre-game skates wins the morning, 5,000 seats remain for the game. And the end, a crowd of 15,689 showed up, which by the way, that's 3400 less than a sellout. When asked about the unsold seats earlier in the day, Coach Terry Murray said he had more present concerns that tickets sales, but after a moment he smiled and that maybe it's too cold outside. It'd be one thing if the Panthers were bad if they were carbon copy of the 1997-98 team, or like the second half dolphins. But with brewery, the Panthers can win on any night against any team. Even though he was shut out Wednesday, and I'd brewery is the best kept secret in South Florida. The best player in professional hockey is playing to the house that's a third empty most nights. Incredible when you consider brewery is the best athlete ever to call South Florida home. Wherever you heard that before, huh? They don't got it! And even Joe Rose and all this morning said he's the best athlete who ever played here. And this is Joe who's got his headway of Danny's rectum. Still said that. Even the little dog admits it. And Joe, Dave Joseph goes on to say, better than Danny Murray, no, better than anyone you want name that they ever played a game in a Florida home uniform. Imagine watching a highlight film of Bobby Euro with a backdrop of empty seats. Welcome on some nights to the Inter-Center. Obviously people believe that there are other things going on that are more compelling and watching two of the premier teams in the NHL and the best player in the game. Let's see, the dolphins they have in a system why receivers coach this week. There could be a marino sighting. And of course there's a grandmother's tour 2000 in Miami and the constant live updates from air sea and land about little alien and the family struggle that's been turned into a political folly. Some claim NHL ticket prices are too high but that appears to be a lame argument when you consider the panthers can't even come close to selling out the cheapest seats in the house. Maybe the panthers haven't done enough. After all the loan billboard on i-95 and 4-Lauderville doesn't feature Buray, a heart lady being invested in trophy candidate but rather Peter Warrrell, a groom not a particularly good one who escorted four goals in the National Hockey League. At some point this year, some photo may realize how exciting Buray is and how far this team could go in the playoffs even with St. Le. Until then, Buray and the panthers have tried to work their magic this evening in Philadelphia before returning home Saturday night against Edmonton but if they couldn't draw full house against the devils it's frightening to think how many people shrub Saturday for the oilers end of column. Nice going there Dave Jones. By the way, put the check at the mail okay for a repeat everything I've said on this show. For a long, long time. And then Greg Co-Co-Tex, which I want me to read his column because I wouldn't dig the pie him. But he says basically the same thing. Empty seats, not one lost, mirror to alarm. So in other words, the loss and the even the game the way last night wasn't the worst thing that happened. The fact that these putrid puky crowds that's what really makes it sick. And the Co-Tex says one could only imagine why all these empty seats that often, sure they obliterate our sports landscape until they finish as always. Then a sort of an after birth every dolphin season the Super Bowl hype is now going on. Heat basketball too running concurrently still draws the casual sporting fan A who is still deluding himself at hockey's number the Canadian sport or B is hypnotized by Pat Robby's poetic allegory. Maybe it's here. Or maybe it's that every pant is home game is constantly coincided unfortunately with Co-Co-Tex to be a millionaire. Maybe that might be it. Is that a huh? Or perhaps not for what he's been unwilling to leave their homes for fear of missing the latest urgent update on whether celebrity eggs are alien Gonzalez six would be needing with his grandmother's. Little alien lately has been photographed cappering in a panthers jersey by the way. This guarantees that probably seen to represent Satan and I don't mean Buffalo Sabers Mirrors lost at Shetan by Castro Devotez convinced the shirt has been fourth on alien by devils. Devils for Miami that is not New Jersey. Jersey. Contrary to the side of alien in his jersey may make the pant as a new symbol of freedom in South Florida perhaps the crowd seeking pantes could give a tea home shot by holding an alien Gonzalez night or a series of them. What do you say? A little alien item to macarine. Is this time going to change? No. Are these people yielding willing to uh they just don't get it. Say horse mitt place. Magnumistic about that. Here's a lady mobile implantation hello. Hey, I want to look at those key them to write to speed down the highway the other night on live television. Yeah, we're doing that. Yeah, we're small to win. Yeah. She said bushman and you're right sweet. It's a pile of bushman. That was great. Nice going honey. That was lovely. Oh, you can almost smell it from here. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. Woo. Yeah, they were a smoking right on the Hershey highway. I'll tell you that. Just don't plan on emulating. I'll tell you you're being deep due to deep bushmith. Eight minutes after 11 at five sixty double a few. I'm a no portion of this broad guess. Maybe reproduce to that the express written permission. You would be reasonably re-acquisition court. Great what he has affair. It's straight from the Vatican introducing new Catholic life. The religion with one third the guilt of your regular faith. New Catholic life satisfied your need for Christianity, but it doesn't fill you up with a lot of doctrine. Or else, or else. It's Catholic life. There's no confessions, no servants and no lingering afterlife. It's the perfect alternative for modern agnastics who don't want to take any chances. Our services are held three times a year and they're only 15 minutes long. Plus there's no added guilt for sneaking out during communion. We've brought back to look for our church with Bill and your neighborhood. Today you might be in the front view for ye of little faith. Try Catholic life because a little faith is all you need. Okay it's 113 at five sixty WCU. I am five sixty seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teeline. That lie nine is real quiet you wanted to watch because they don't care about any of these things. Too bad we do. Well we really don't but we don't have any choice. 877 785 53 45 877 785 53 45 and like I said yesterday all the people on the west coast all 2 300 the over there in four miles. Poor Charlotte wherever you might be guess what you were there and we're here and I'm not really sure which is better at this point. Here's a call in Miami hello. Only it just went black there we go again let's have a party okay. See you're not prepared for this but the just went black now let's let's let that stay there like that. See this is because the same people the bees leaves who really think that somebody's going to invest in their company the same clowns. We'll take the money and put us in a real computer in there. So every day I mean here we are we been on the air for an hour and a quarter and a phone is actually been working so far. And now I put you up a line that you won't be able to hear on the air where let me put it back on hold okay. I don't do respect to whoever that might be because they've been waiting for like 18 minutes and 13 seconds and now we can't put that line on the air. Let me try another one let me try a pop at OB and pop at OB. She's got comes up like so you know what you're going to have to do now. Is we boot all get rid of all these calls I got every guy damn line in a board lit up here in the middle of a show and again we can't do a show because this is a horse made company. Every thinking line all nine lines are lit. And we got a reboot the freaking phone here and hope that when it comes back and these people will call back hope that it'll work next time. Because Greg read and the bees leaves are a bunch of cheap assholes okay make no mistake about this isn't radio stick this isn't the oldest making funny these people are assholes. When it's out let's stress them out again. Everybody who listens to this show knows this is a daily part of the show we can't put this phone system on a year we can't do it. Maybe once it's great while we get to an entire four hours and actually it hangs in there. There I had that call from the kid at KPS yesterday from Piper high and I wasn't even a joke when I said we borrow some of your equipment I'm serious is there anybody out there who can come in here maybe we should take up a collection. For the goddamn bees leaves so we can afford to replace that computer how much could it cost maybe 500 bucks maybe tops for a goddamn computer. That this phone system which doesn't work to begin with that we can put that thing through so on the days when we do have calls. Oh my god I just don't get a why don't I just get up and walk out you know why why don't I do that it must be the money you know must be. Yeah. And believe me if I if I had the money that I want to have in order to hang this microphone up I will I just get up right now and I say to Joe slap on a tape you got some things in here. I would just walk out and never come back I wouldn't come back. Because this show gets no respect from this radio station we get no cooperation we get nothing nothing zero. So, flock we get flock we get smith. Yeah I'm really fed up in tary especially after I'm also being sick as a dog mostly from stress by the way. I'm trying to do a goddamn show against all odds that we ought to call this as a radio show is called against all odds. Can this man come in and do a goddamn show with a company that refuses adamantly these people are more god than militant than the god damn army roe that is of alien. They adamantly refuse to give us what we need to do radio show. And if I had a lawyer who is more interested in taking care of things like this instead of running around being a publicity house and being famous in the steel wall my lines and quotes then you hear that I didn't even touch anything right there. And it's popping and puking on here the phone. Let's try a mobile and dear feel hello. There we go how do you like that. I apologize to everybody some people who are right in a long time you'll have to go back I'm sorry. Yeah I feel bad I urge you to clear out the words like. Oh I was just all of right up. Okay this fake make believe airzots radio station you have no idea. So I'm looking to miss you when you're gone. Yeah soon so to the new think man. Exactly. So if Elyon is the real baby Jesus I say we either crucify his ass. Okay great. 560 1050 60 on the AT&T line out of town line 87 775 63 45. I'm just just they calm you know this calm down okay. You're gonna come down alright. It's like an endurance contest with these people and endurance contest. They absolutely I mean they know what the problem is in here. And they've done it we've been in here almost the year up here on this third floor which by the way is the construction thing done yet. I don't even close. I gotta tell you a story. I'm not gonna talk about exactly what it is because I'm not permitted to talk about because it's the quiet period. But yesterday I get home I drive off to my house that is the air I airborne express truck. Turns the corner and as I pulled it out drive way I get out of the car and the guy waves to me I wait back at him. So he knows who I am. I go in the house and like two minutes later there's an archive of the door and I see this guy's out there. He's got a package. And I look at it and I sign for it and he's talking he says the only reason I knew the liver and here is because I saw you get out of the car. It's at the wrong address it's got like a like I live on a hundred and something street. It's got a one in front of the street number. And it's from this company. This company is given the address. Neorodges with a D which by the way inside this thing of theirs. This B's like thing of theirs. They've got a blurb about me and about Hank in this radio station. They spell my name raw. Here is the company that I work for. They can't spell my name right. The company that couldn't shoot restraint. These are the same people. Can't spell my name right. And they send this thing to me. This is the common stock offering to I want any of this. No, which we can't talk about because it's the quiet period. And they send it to my house at the wrong address. And it's only because just by coincidence the guy driving a airborne express driver on a corner there. And we'd deliver something else in my neighborhood and saw me there and he knew this was for me. That's how incompetent and brutal you people over there and Naples are. You're unbelievable. You're a laughing stock in my book. I wouldn't touch this stock if you if you gave it to me for a penny or share I wouldn't take it. That's how that's how I mean you you've got to be out of your mind. You can't do people. And then they buy up all these silly little radio stations. These 10 lot radio stations. These little light bulbs. Highly over price by the way to make it look like oh yeah they're like they're like a real serious big radio company. Are they? But you're clowns. There are a bunch of radio wannabes. That's why calm to want to be easily because that's what they are. I've worked for good people. I've worked for crappy people. I've bitched in mind about management for years. But I'm going to tell you something. I've never worked for anybody even in a league with these people. These people don't know the first thing about broadcasting. Not the first thing. And talk about cheap. Yeah Neil. Neil has to do a show on a telephone booth. We're paying them a lot of money. He'll just have to do that. That was the comment from their their due lawyer for this company. When we were fighting back before I came on the air here because again there were more lies and lies and lies and lies. Oh, Neil, Stoodie, I could be ready. Oh, while Neil ain't starting in. In fact, Neil will go to work someplace else. I almost didn't come here. I've never told I don't. I almost didn't come here. Almost went over the other joint. Because that studio dot at temporary studio in a second book. Oh, well, and it could be ready yet. And I said, well, guess what? My non-competence December 30th, 1997 or whatever the hell of year was. And I said, if you don't have a studio ready then I'll go to somewhere where they do. And just amazingly, they got it ready. And of course, maybe you remember the oldest scrabbling and running around because the equipment wasn't here in that's a very last night in the engineer was posking around. And the technical nightmare we hit and the fact that Greg Reid ran off to Chicago in the first week hours on a year like a coward. Because he knew there was going to be all kinds of technical hijinks and crap. So you can go around and you can pretend to be anything you want. That's what he does. He pretends to be a radio mobile, a sports maven, a hot shot. He forgot to dot the eye and shot. That's the problem. And so every day of my life at least part of it here, my work day is consumed with this crap with the you know attempting to make gold out of chicken droppings. Putting it a phone system in here is not like a major expense, not like rocket science. We don't need to dig up Einstein and examine his brain in order to do that. And it's an interesting, how often does this happen in the other room? I mean, they have a few little minor glitches online for in seven months in a while. That's a bell-sauce problem. But never, never ever, is this happening to the other room, which I could throw a rock from here in that sports studio. See, they're the sports shows. They're the important people. They don't have the rating. Oh, we got all our ratings. We bring all this revenue here. But that's the important stuff for Greg. We just sports nerds. So we can hear more people called him like the last call on the worst thing this morning saying, what a positive loss there was last night. For the Panthers. God, all my money. Well, we got him all back out of full anyway. Here's Pompito Beach, hello. Yes, sir. Oh, yes. I thought you might be interested in knowing that this morning the world service of a BBC broadcasting out of London, England. We ported the fact that these Cuban grandmothers had been cheated, had been deceived, and that they had had their telephone taken away from them. And this is a report that's going all over the world for good to face. I mean, you see, we're making us look like absolute households. Right. Now, and they are. Well, I don't you might like to know that it's now international. Excellent. Well, we've been laughing stock for a long time. We're used to it. Thanks for the good news, sir. Have a great day. Tata. 560, 750, 50. Yeah. From coast to coast all around, there's little globe that's been in a wrong called the Applanetor. Your town is the Lafans stock. But it's a banana republic. But we're used to it. But now we've been conditioned to it because like I keep telling you, nothing ever changes. Every day to same old bullcraft. Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. All right. Yeah. That's what you need to say. Not going to change. I had people I had as Indian people come talking to me at the hockey game last night. And some of them were talking about this stuff. I said, get used to it. It's never going to change. It's never going to change because this small handful of misfits. They pull all the strings. Everybody else sits back and they go, Ehh. Okay. Whatever you want. Wait, I'll care. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you? Great. I was watching something. You want to be easily diseased today. Yeah, I hear that. Phones is great. Got disconnected three times. Great. I was watching Channel 7 last night with Rick Snatches. And they show on the board the guy holding up the sign. Send you a Iliam back and get fed like a scuffle there. Yeah, scuffle. He was saying something that they didn't agree with. So, libertad for them, but not for him. Exactly. But then Rick Snatches asked the reporter who was there. Are they gonna press charges against the guy? And I just about fell out of my chair. Should have pressed charges against him for what? Having a different opinion? Having a different opinion. You know, he was speculating about that too, huh? Yeah. And I said, what a hypocrite. He killed somebody. I'd be on a press charges. Yeah, exactly. Here's a guy at the Randown guy in front of the guy at the stadium. And they're very dubious circumstances. And the guy is dead. And he's worried about they're gonna press charges against the guy that's got the opinion that isn't popular in that group down there. And he's trying to interfere with the guy then. Government operation, a government ordered meeting. And he's attempting to interfere by calling this guy on a cell phone. That's it. They have a drag. He's also out of there and put his ass back in jail. And he should have, he should have definitely went to jail. Well, that's it for me. He's an asshole. Okay, thanks for the good news, sir. And by the way, the guy that he ran over is still dead. 560, 750, 550, pont 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. You can call a Vicence as an asshole. Remember, asshole is an asshole? Yeah. He's definitely not useful. Okay, I'm going to say that's an insult to assholes all over the world. You got a good point. What is the next level is below the asshole at him? Okay, thank you, sir. Good point. Yeah, you're a scumbag. Maybe whatever's beneath the barnacles on the bottom of the ship. Whatever kind of organisms are underneath the barnacles. You're that far down on the food chain. Totally irresponsible. You are clown. You were disgraced. And this is these people a lot of control. I'll whip up into this. And this, of course, is why we have to be inundated with this. Because they've decided they're all, we can't miss a second of this crap. The average living and breathing person, I know this may come as a great shock to 467 and 10. And thank God I got 50 satellite dishes. The average person who lives here in South Florida, it doesn't affect our lives this whole story in any way, shape or form. Except, of course, those people are peeing in their pants wondering what's going to happen. What the repercussions in the fallout will be if, as probably most of us expect, alienation sent back home to Daddy and Cuba. Then people are worried about what's going to happen. If they want to drive on the road, if they got to take our catcher flight at the airport, if they want to live their lives, then we got to worry about that. Because then it does affect us and then we do get pissed off. And I do not forgive. As the godfather said, and nobody said, 26 after 11 at 560 WDQA. Wake up with the first team. No. No. On sports radio, 560, you A. I have no clue. I have no clue. I have no clue. There's one, two, three, four, five, come on over hunting out. Come and take our drive to my big house in Chapsa, while we can both get juts and maybe a little Panama. The watch is on business. She's up for a week. I'm like a kid in the candy store. It's time to cheat. I have threats. My dog spoke there and teach you. Remember little Billy, you're laying in your feet. It's gonna be a wild time, not my home in New York. Go to me, darling, cheating. Like a sport. I'm just like, I'm so good. Come and open hunting out. Go on my track. I do little Billy, Monica, in my house. A little bit of Monica, because I'm my wife. I live in a panic house. What I see. Yeah, I want you to throw away that silly reeds. A little bit of Monica, what I need. A little bit of Monica, no more reeds. A little bit of Monica, no more reeds. A little bit of Monica, here I am. A little bit of you. I'm a happy man. Score, score. I'm a 30 at 560 W to 2. I'm happy 30. They're dying a long time with their first time. Factors move this disturbing picture of little alien with his god-alzone and his panther T-shirt and jacket and kicking a soccer ball. It says sports fan. Iland Gonzalez played soccer this house on 2v episode. And Diane says, you find this photo is tragic as I do. If his Miami family is a lot to keep this show, they may as well be ready to reserve his jail cell now. Thanks for being the voice of all of us who are repulsed with the local media. Says, Diane. You're welcome Diane. We'll repulsed where we've heard you're dating. From the local media with their one side of the story, that twisted pathetic presentation of this bizarre, grotesque unacceptable story. See, we don't, and why, why does anybody ask for questions? Why did Ronald Moon, Saul Sanchas, have to have those two boats down the intro. Why did the Cuban American National Foundation have to have the guy to have that guy at the house next door, where he allegedly was invited, but nevertheless what did he need to be there for? And why do they have to keep talking over and over a million times at least for day to Jose Basulto, but I'm on double sandwiches, all these other, all the, uh, uh, a Spencer eye, what's his name Spencer? AHHH! AHHH! AHHH! And all the end, the Roger Burns thing and all the other jewelers, why? Every single day are they saying anything different? No. And they can't get the facts right, they can't get the facts right about the real fisherman that saved the kid, that nobody has said thank you to that called his show yesterday. All they're doing is this grandstanding guy that's running around the rest of the family after their washing, oh yeah, he saved the boy, did he save the boy? No. No. Wouldn't even jump into water, scared he can. You can't get it right, and what's worse is that you don't care. You don't care because you've got your own agenda. She knew his people aren't supposed to have an agenda. For years, they always talked about the liberal media, the liberal bias, this bias. That's both that anybody's just presented, let us make up our own minds. Just the facts, thank you, as Jack Webb. I don't want you to use to say the insane and no more. Too much, too many cigarettes Jack, too many cigarettes. Here's Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. How are you doing now? Great. If you're here in the news, it's more and about, um, it's police officers are protesting because there's special treatment that the Cuban people have to wear when they were arrested during the process. No. They were in the news today on radio, yeah. And were which cops are these in the city of Miami? Yeah, actually they county cops. Right. They were given them by the water, allowing them to use the phone and were actually at least someone at the only condescense. Well, you know, we had a call about that, and I wasn't really positive at two, and I probably begin to believe that Mayor Pinguapakane, you've called down there and instructed them to give the go easy on those people and let them do whatever they want and let them out in about five minutes or less. How do you like that? Terrible. Hey, Neil, about the panties. Can you give me some tickets? Yeah, sure. I'll give you a ticket. Go get him from Miami Police. There pistol. I'll give you a ticket. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, on the AT&T. Right. I'll sign. Yeah, handle them with kid gloves because those are bad teeth, my fallout. And that's a good point, you know, those rotten yellow teeth. See if it's me. I said, I deal with people as individuals, not part of some groups, some ethnic group, religious group, sexual group, individuals. But if it's me, I don't want to be represented in any way by a bunch of two-fifths old yenters. You know, one note Charlie's. All of the fitness time perfectly goes like I've been telling you. It's a one note town. Danny and Jimmy and David and Danny and getting the card this morning. Got my music on. I figure, well, let me talk about that game last night. I pull off the CD for like three seconds and Joe says, oh, Jimmy, Jimmy's not going to be, oh, this guy's not a puppet for Jimmy and the CD went right back in the, I mean, so fast. I don't want to hear it. It's of no interest. I can't imagine it could be of any interest to anybody at this point. Could be interested in the yield? No. No. Even Joe is sitting in there with his finger on his nose. Wait, wait. I'll up there. Can't believe it. Next to love this thing. No, that's practice in for Saturday. Always having Jeff Gordon on this way. Here's a mobile and tamarack. Hello. Hey, Neil, what's up? It felt like a finger. Yes, sir. That's what you have to have. And if you send Greg, read and the beastly along with Ellie on, back to Cuba. All right. Hey, but Neil, seriously. This is what I'm on. Okay. And I really have, would never get on a raft of these people gave him because we don't have like a lot of people. Number one, it wouldn't be pay for number two be leaky. I believe you. But hey, I'm on a kidding. Tell Castro, send the Cuban army over and then they're Miami. Get them, but don't take four numbers. Thank you, Ian, back home. That's not a war. And then this was at least that a lot of way things up after dolphin season. Right, good point. Nobody cares about Pablo, Bre and our Panthers. So, well, yeah, I've got to have a little excitement over here, right? Oh, yeah. 560, 505, 60, Pond 560, in the AT&T wireless line. There's no question about it. That's how I'll come in. They've made Miami what it is today. A banana boat republic. The laughing stock of the world make no mistake. And it's not like all those other 600, 80,000 people were sitting back with a lot of joy. It's just this handful of misfits who have no lives and go out there. And this is their life. To be able to can't bring back Ralph Edwards with that show. This is your life, bringing these people all on here. Just show the same repetitive scene. Same crap over and over again. Papa, papa, papa, you know, that's their life. Here's Fort Myers, hello. How are you going? Okay, sir. Hey, do you watch to the Bay Bay thing? No, I did not. Okay. The panters New Jersey Game last night. Good. Okay, because the usual fee Forbes looking pretty charismatic. I'm right. No, yeah. Anyway, the bigger zithead, Steve Forbes are Wayne High-Pingo. That's the question we're wondering over here. You always really surprised me though, I'm really shocked at H. Rothborough has jumped into all the fray. Yeah. Maybe he's didn't roll on up his sleeves. He's still can't get him rolled up yet. Once he rolls up his sleeves and starts to do, do doing all over the place. Maybe he'll get back in. He's at the very phone and lift that of Larry King's King's. Correct. All right. There you go. Oh, God. Don't be frustrated. Yeah, that's all it takes to get inside Larry King's. Correct, don't be so loud. No thanks, El Paso. Oh, God. And you know, have you ever once, George is a wife, his butt got bad flu by the way. So George is out today. Joe Costello has the honor of presiding over this nightmare. Have you ever, ever worked to show him? We didn't have some kind of catastrophic event going on. Ever? I think one time. Maybe once. Maybe Joe is bad luck. No, he's not, no, don't take it personal. Of course not. Because this happens all the time anywhere when you're not here. But it's just that you, you know, like they say in the nose business, you know how to pick him. I handle it very well. Yeah. Yeah. He just sits by. He's oblivious. He don't care because he's, you don't, he's waiting for that big Saturday morning show. That's, uh, motorsports Saturday. And for his big birthday party, I've started in a happy birthday to Joe Costello. When you call up today, say happy birthday Joe. If you don't mean it. Joe actually invited me to his birthday party Saturday. And luckily, I had a great excuse because I got the Panther Edmund in game on Saturday night. And if I wouldn't have been that, I had some other good excuse. I'm going to Toronto this weekend and freeze my ass off. Am I going to go in? Oh, but that would have been a good excuse. He would have believed it. Not a thought personal, but I mean, first of all, I saw, I mean, at the what's that sports is that young guy that works here that you invited to the, he's a nice kid. Vladimir. Vladimir? Vladimir? Vladimir? He's a Russian, uh, darkie? Apparently. I don't, I don't think he's Russian. He's from New York. And they have Vladimir recently. He says there's lots of black and black and men are in New York. Now it is. Ruskies? I don't think he's heard of the yellow Russia, but never black Russia. But anyway, he's a good kid and he's going to be your party. And of course, you're lovely. Fiance, I mean, a girlfriend or whatever she is this week. You've heard of a black Russian. Yeah, there you go. Funny to be for noon at 5. 60. Of course, you want to be at Joe's party because he's a balls on guy. I guess he had a close shave at that swim club is well here. The New Roger Show Sports Radio 5. 60. You say hi to Larry King and they don't come any better than the New Roger. Sports work? A ride. A cookie to a picker here. That was planned. You have a way mama would the good side can. You the hungrier's girl. And I ever did see with an ever-made men's eye 238 chickens. Handered by dessert, dark Donna and 12. There's a poem with blue bonnet on it. You're not supposed to fold it to couldn't sleep. Baby, something's up a pie with a jewelry crazy. I never will forget when you tried to ram with River Longie Chinny's head. But not that when you finished what was wrapped a chicken bone. You defaccyed her into World of War, the seven known. I was deep in love. Teaching love for me. When you was more in love with the Frank Symbine. My advice to you, except a body you have to fit in a pair of jeans from Abercrombian fish. All that summer day, you wait to stand the wits and join these suitable lubsick. And I wish her day to the picnic that day in the summer in the summer. I can't believe she defied our Werdner Racker ribs or the chair. We can prove that it's the year we'll forget all that picnic that day in the summer in the summer. Sickies alone at 5.50 WQ. A amount of townline is waiting on you for Myers-Pam Beach. Rest of the world need George Boston, Rawling North Carolina. He's from Michigan, Calamazoo, 877, 785, 6345 is a tool free number for the rest of the world. And rest of the world quite frankly, you're sitting back and going. Yeah. And us? Here's a call at Miami Beach, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. How you doing? Am I in the air? Sounds just like you. All right. My name's Matt Heidenfeld. I was there yesterday to go in the roller blades. Kind of trying to voice my opinion. All right. Let's hear it for Matt. All right. Anyway, I've only got that made any sense there yesterday. And I'm glad you're still alive, by the way, my friend. Well, you know, I didn't get much of a chance. I came across a little too milking. That's why I called today because I don't know. And what were you saying when you were there? I just wanted to say, you know, I'm sitting around watching TV every day. Yeah. I've got towels, you know, I'm a teacher and I got other friends with teachers. Right. And we sit around our living rooms and play about what's going on. And I know that there's a lot of people like me who are out there. So I just kind of wasn't far from where I lived. I got on my roller blades. I went there. And I just seeing it. I just kind of got up to set. I just wanted to say something. And I'm really upset because, you know, I teach political science and all. I feel like my first amendment rights have been violated here. I am trying to think what I want. Instead of pleating, protecting me. They're the ones pulling me out. And what I'd like to say is for every person that's at home seeing right now getting upset. You need to get out and do your part because I know it's on national or radio today. And every little bit counts. And I don't want people to just sit back and be complacent with this because we got mob rule. We got in the police stations, the politicians that judge who made the decision and family court. You even been there. I mean, this is it's bad. It's like total corruption. And I just want to let everybody do what they can to just sit back and do nothing. Like, you know, I did a little and I want to do more like they say from grassroots. I like this. Because this could be home. I mean, if you look at the hate convention, any international law. Yeah. There's absolutely no legal grounds. Just get to be here. So I'm, you know, pretty upset about it. I just want to kind of vocalize a little more relaxed and I was yesterday because when people are pulling you and hitting you and you're on roller blades. You know, you can be a little bit like little angry. That's how I came across. You know, I'm a media in one piece because it looked like a real, certainly hostile mob. Yeah. So I like I just want to, if I can just have a second, I just want everybody who is listening to the radio right now. Don't be complacent and do more than just writing letters because you know, people don't need to back and newspapers so much. From there out in the crowd, go out there, demand protection. If you're self on the news, get heard, do whatever you can. Just do that and say something. This kid, okay. If I am no communist, I don't like to sell cash for myself. But it's disgusting. You know, these new toys are sticking from his face every day. And almost makes you want to become a communist. So it's so, it's so, it's just, it's just, it's just, it's, it's, what they do is kids horrible. So, you know, do what you can and stick up for what you believe. And then like I said, I'm new to my aunt. I didn't say, but I'm new to my aunt. I'm Miami only been out here two years. I just can't believe the way things are run here. It's corruption from the politicians who are in the back pockets of everybody. To the police force if you read today's a parallel tell the, you know, they're sneaking things into the people while they're breaking their laws and a jail cell. And with politicians need to know, Florida politicians, they can still carry the state of Florida without the Cuban-American fanatics. And then I don't want to say anything about about Cuban-American. Because they're just like, emails. Most of the work hard, most of the, with the, with the, with these fanatics. And still carry the state of Florida. It's not worry about the election in November. Okay, you're still carry the state. If you get the normal people who work for living and stick up for the constitution. Okay, right. Thanks. Yeah, good day. Hang in there. All right. Okay. There's a guy who just tried to express an old and point of view yesterday and they all said, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. That's what they said. And no uncertain terms. Leave right time for us and the Bafongola to you. That's the message. They let this, can be in left the other part of those posters. Those banners. The Bafongola part. But that's what they mean. As long as you agree with us. Okay, as long as we get our way. Okay, Jose. But if an echo to turn our way, then God help you because we're going to just act like a bunch of a spoiled little obnoxious children. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T, where I was lying. Let me say it again. I want to emphasize because I'm the one person in this town. The only one who will tell you who will articulate this in public. And that is that our local media has disgraced itself even worse than ever before. I believe me, they got plenty of backers are already carrying. This is the all-time worst. Starting a few weeks ago back when they were encouraging people to come down to the INS, this came in 79th after the crowd had pretty much dispersed and they wouldn't let go of it. And every single one of them, 4, 6, 7, and 10, they can't talk it away in a way and talk it away. And speculating and speculating all of the crowds are going to get bigger. And even saying on the year as people are seeing this, there's no question more people want to be involved here. And if that's the case, why not shut the cameras off? Because that's not supposed to be your job. It's the stir-up civil disobedience. Your job is supposed to be to report the God they have no use, not to make it. You ask holes you. And I can say this every, I can do 4 hours on this every day. Are they going to change? No. And what they don't realize is that most of the people who watch 4, 6, and 7, and 10 agree with me. Because the people that they're pandering to, the old Israel community, they're watching 23 and 51. They're not even doing that. They're listening to the radio, mom, B, and all that bull crap. All that pandering crap, 24 hours a day. You're at this disgrace. I'm ashamed to live in a community with a kind of so-called media that we have here. Like I said at the top of the show, Panthers, what a big game. Exciting overtime, Saturday night. Sunday morning, you pick up your papers. You can't find it in the sports section page 200, page 500. They lose a game. Heartbreaker last night. It's on a front page of both sports sections. What a coincidence. Years ago when I was doing UN baseball, it was near the University of Miami baseball team broke the all-time NCAA record for most wins in a row. I think it was 23 or whatever it was. And every day, there was almost no coverage. It would be way back in the sports section of our newspapers. And Ron Fraser said, it would be said, wait till we lose. He said, as soon as we lose again, they'll put it on the front page of the sports section. Guess what? You know, the rest of the story. They lost the game, man. We're making both sports sections. Sun sent on a hero. That's our local media. Accentuate the negative. Here's a mobile inform order, Dale. Hello. Hey, need it. I'm as mad as hell about the local media. I'm not. I don't think that's a good idea. Yes. This guy sounded really politically correct and everything, but I have got to blame the local media. They're going too far on this one. And I can't watch anymore. Yeah. Well, that's all I wanted to say. I'm picking up Ali on chunks now at home. Well, I'm smoking a both. Ali on right now. Okay. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60. By the way, three weeks, where everybody's going to clock today. Just come on and hang out outside the building. We got some free good stuff from our friends here. And little Jamaica one. Lady and Miami. Hello. Hi, me. Yes, man. You was wondering how Musk can also junior was over on the beach yesterday? I never mentioned his name. Well, that's what he wrote. Okay, Musk's name is a some different name. He's Tomas. He's Tomas. San Tos. Yeah. Tomas. Yeah. Yeah. The mafia family. Right. Well, he drove over there in the car with the car. With the Jewish lawyer with the beard. Oh, I. And he was on the lawn next door. Now, could it be that he had a scanner and was trying to hear anything going on in the house? Yeah. Only the nuns know for sure. Right. And also he made a statement that the sister, Jeannie, you'll also know what I think the name is. Yeah. And told him that one of the grandmother's had a cell phone. And that lowered her regard for that woman because she broke the rules. Sister Mary Catherine. Yeah. Now, why would she be giving him a report? Well, because she's objective, she's not saying. Right. And also, I think Rick Sanchez should be running out of town. Yeah. He ought to be fired today. I mean, his performance yesterday was unacceptable. And he's all the police officers. And did you hear him call sister Jeannie Lawson, and outhouse? No. He called it an outhouse? And outhouse? What does that mean? Well, I didn't tell her. And there was a meeting. It meant that I think it was Lori. She said that was co-hosting with him. Yeah. And she was making a comment that the grandmother's, you know, this was probably one of the finest houses they had been in because they come from a very small town. And what a grand house it was. And he says, oh, I don't know about that. He says they have some houses much better than that. And Cuba, of course, they need paint. He says, but compared to the ones in Cuba, that would be an outhouse. He didn't really say that. He did. That's a mansion. He's, but that's what he called it. Uh-huh. Okay. Well, I'll sing about Rick on the way up. Yeah. And don't run him over in the road when you're seen. Even if you have bad breaks, I'm sorry. 5605050, 560 on the AT&T line. By the way, here's a bulletin for you. There's rest of your wealth they've now. Ten gentlemen, now has his best stop. The clothes looking in our backyards and cars in the middle of the night. To determine if our property is a potential target for theft. I called to ask what the hell they were doing on my property at five this morning. And was told, this is legal as long as the officer feels there's a threat to someone's safety. And this does not constitute a search. Remember, no search warrant is needed for contraband or anything else illegal. Left in open view and they can seize your car or property if they find something. Seaguy, let's say. How do you like that? You're a safety is important the sheriff can't get in. It sort of says here, right. Sure it is. First of all, if you're in one of those dangerous swing clubs, Got only knows what somebody might swing at you. That's her show found out. 560505060 pound score, score it five 60 on the AT&T. Where was line? Maybe just a lot of tree it kind of looked like a log. Out of town line is open 8777856345. Here's time work, pie. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I got a purpose. You're so narrow for you. The thing is says to his family before he leaves for the meeting. The big sinches find out where the meeting is going to be held. And if you can play in a gun and I'll kill him both. That's why they had to delay. Now thank you. This guy finally figured it out. Sir, you're sharper than all these media souls. That's why they had the long delays. They were trying to find the toilet in that house. I mean, it's a big house. I got a whole bunch of turrets that had the old fashioned pull chain behind it there. We might be able to hide the gun behind it. Right. That's what Tesio said. That's what Tesio said. Oh, Tesio won't see him no more. I know it's Pauli. I mean, if Josh Friedman comes in one more time because he's a moron Josh Friedman. He's a big fat tub of spew them. You got to be able to elaborate a little bit. You have to be in bevelish a little bit Josh, but of course you wouldn't understand that. Do you understand it? Oh, you're a moron. And one of the panthers say you like poison. And Ray Whitney says you don't smell too good either. 560, 750, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T wireless line. Format it still known that you're a freedom station. Are we free here? Oh, and you're one of these days station. And your Boltzmann station, QAM. This is 560, UAL. Now, what do you do here? My head's a good body day. 10. Kim Wiljama's Sculpture on his GT LM record unit because I'm Racing. The meter is trying to keep a changing speed. Fore bones lining the Backboard And the house becomes the one that all the girls will wait today. And we're tired of any other. And we're tired of traffic jam. All right. And we're tired of all this crap. We just want to live our lives. And we're tired of being old. And we're tired of approaching. We should send you back. I got you on the chair. There's a good afternoon. I can't go to the toilet jack alone. And I'm a champion of publicity. Welcome to the show. I am a dad. Yes, yes, yes. We are. We want to live when we're making. Leave it to the fall behind. Show her here with gifts and songs. Why am I having my own soul inside? In the angels, you're the men's phones. You can be awake without fear. And the house becomes the one that all the girls will wait today. And we're tired of any other. And we're tired of traffic jam. And we're tired of all this crap. We just want to live our lives. And we're tired of being old. And we're tired of approaching. We should send you back. There's a child of any other. And we're tired of traffic jam. And we're tired of all this crap. We just want to live our lives. And we're tired of being old. And we're tired of approaching. Oh, this is the best. I just got a fact over here in a fast machine. And he's really frost my ass when they waste their facts paper. Two WQAM sports. And it's about some shamanada and a head of football coach. But it would be something that we do. We do we care anything about it. Oh, and I thought, what kind of an asshole keeps sending stuff on our fast machine. I look at his two WQAM sports from Jeff Gray. Jeff Gray used to be the news director. But I worked at WYNs even years ago. I mean, a total absolute zero a long kid. A vacuum on two legs. Jeff Gray, who now works for some PR. I guess. Wow. I've got our Jeff. He's taken his way through life. Yeah, every time there was a big news story, he grew on here and say, Yeah, I see an hero on page eight E. B today. Millennium year brings first diet of how two books were dieters by Ellen Krieger night and written news service. She's got a list of 75,000 new a diet books out, including one called Slun Down Sister. He includes modified soul food recipes, etc. I guess that's one that's got Oprah's picture on the front. No recipes inside. You just sit there and look at Oprah's picture. You'll ever be another meal. That would work for me. And then the reason I bring this up is because in the list of all these diet books, he's got the 20 30 fat and fiber plan. How do you like that? I keep murking and very fox. Practical moderate, but strictly for logical people who are good at keeping track of what they 20% of fat and 30% fiber each day. That is absolutely long, by the way. I mean, those are the limits you must have 20 grams of fat or less per day. 30 grams of fiber or more. It says the book includes the key chain counter. You can keep with you to maintain a running total how much fat and fiber you've down during that day, which is true. But it's not like you have to have an exact number like this. A miracle thing on there, you stupid bitch Ellen, but it is a great book and I lost another pound today. And I feel great. So I guess I mentioned that in passing, okay? Because the meat and the cheese and the meat and all that other stuff I was eating, it was making me... Exactly. Fat and sick. 560560, pon 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Yes sir. Hi. I'm recently arrived from Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico. Yes. Oh my god. Well, I was going around looking for a radio station at Rana Cross some woman. Some Cuban woman going crazy. Yeah. Yeah. That man got two golden or I don't know if they called him. The satch is guy. And he said, even we're talking about Ramon, so we'll send chairs. I don't know who they're talking about. He says, and all right, they're all the same. But he was saying he was getting calls from CNN and all over the country. And what he told the woman was, well, now we can finally tell our side of the story. If I wonder what objectivity this reporter or a supposedly reporter is supposed to have? So I don't know now, so you guys can have this Miami. Yeah, you can have it. I don't know part of it. There you go. I'm counting the days on a calendar like a guy in Deathsville. I'm counting my days. And guess what? I live in Broward. Thank God. Have a great day, amigo. Glad you here. Thank you. There's a guy from Puerto Rico. And today, God, George is out today because otherwise he'd be making some comment. Yeah, you do know that George has got something against Puerto Ricans. Oh, no. Oh, no. You're Indians. Oh, okay. See, now, why did you have to do that? Why do you know, just because you're filling it? Does that mean you have to fill that? Uh, I don't know. Oh, that's a little bit too much. Uh, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I guess, you know, I guess if I had that thing dangling in my face. From some 90 year old troll. Here's a lady in Pepper Pine, so hello. How are you today? I don't George. Great. That is gratitude. Yes, man. A couple weeks ago, I tried to call in. You were talking about how sick you are hearing about San Marino and how they should give a lendemari a little more credit. Yeah. An interesting story that I thought you might find humor. Okay. My fiance went to high school with him, played high school football with him. With a lendemari? Yes, she does. And Joe Costello went to school with a lendemari city. He's got the smallest penis of any man he ever saw in his life. But anyway. I don't know about all that now. But, um, high school football coach when it came time to help everyone find scholarships. Total lendemari that kickers like him were a dime a dozen. And he'd never gone anywhere. How do you like that? And now the high school football coach is no longer allowed in Florida. And he is working as a mortician. Mm-hmm. So I just thought you might find that. Perfect. I think he found his calling. Exactly. And if you have any cancer tickets lying around at low. Okay. Can you believe that? You see what I'm saying about women? I don't want to, I don't like I said it. I don't like to generalize. But there's something about the women in this town. At least the ones that call this show. Well, if I have any panthers tickets lying around. Yeah, I got them laid around in the drawer at home their mind. Do I have any extras? No. No. And if I did have you ain't kidding them. That's anything about giving away panther tickets? No. She did the idea like she's doing me a favor. She's calling the show and therefore as a reward I should give her some panther tickets. Something. I'll give her something. Another one. There. No extra charge. What is that all about? Oh, thank God I'm a fag. Seriously, I say that with a straight face. So that's the only thing straight about me. But I say it with a straight post. I mean, a woman in this town, 95%. I wouldn't give you a flying form. Give me, give me, give me, give me, give me, give me. I'll give you here another one. Eight minutes past known as 50WQA. Anybody want a panther tickets? Well, give out her number. Only one South Florida radio station has a. Hey, hey, hey, hey, stop doing it. Oh, I go for a week. They happen in the two sports radio 560QAL. It's big and a butterman. Sorry, it's a minute. I'm getting it for all. And help again. And I'm like, oh, look out. Yes, I get a pink couple of my. And now I've got a thing in it. The piece of earth and the piece is what they're supposed to. So I took a look at and I've got a country. I'm not already old. I need you on MCB. Yes, kids. The one kid will be the next but the only one. Not to face a certain thing. Why a sound of quitting? Why is that a funny thing? It's what makes it funny. It's hard to think about something. It's so silly, I don't need to think about it. And I'm like, oh, look at this. And I'm like, oh, look at this. And I'm like, oh, look at this. And I'm like, oh, look at this. You're stupid. It's looking great. And I'm like, oh, look at this. I've seen it suddenly. Could be the game. So pass the button. Oh, I can see how soon. Please, it's all I have to. And no one can share. Yes, you both here with us. All over the world. And we don't feel here. Be alone. Don't you want to come? And we are making their favorite sounds. Please, come, please. But, yeah. I'm like, please, please. Raccoon. Something like that we're saying. We're going to not receive it. 12 13 at 5 60 WQM happy Thursday 2. We got hanged from Atlanta. Everybody whipped up about that super roll this weekend. Oh, no. St. Louis Rames and the Tennessee Titans. Ha ha ha ha. Give me a break. That was a historical. Now, we're more concerned about the importance of this going on right down here in our community. Right in our midst about the gorillas in our midst. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I need all. I just want to say one thing. Ilian woke up very, very tired this morning from the press in the media attention. So we decided not to go to school. You said he wrote a letter to his father and closed. So he can understand over there to his father and then father. And why do the people he wrote? E L I A N. Ilian lives in America now. A story, leave it. Easy, upass. Apprentices and all. Oh, my god, that guy just sucked into my body. This thought that Kirby vacuumed me from the door to the or salesman. He just got sucked in by it. But I beat my book. But I'm not. Thank you so much my two-class old man. 56750560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. 8777756, 345. No thanks. 56750560, pound five 60 on the AT&T line. North Miami. Hello. I'm sorry. I have a mouthful. Yeah. So the last two. Let me just follow this whole. I've been a resident of South Florida over 40 years. And I don't think there's anything that has impacted our local media. Because the degree of this six year old. Yeah. And it's giving to the point where. I mean, what are we going to do? They're enough to TV's shut the radios. They're giving you no choice. I mean, they take all afternoon, all evening, all night. I can't even count the number of hours. It's been on last year for weeks. But it's like where the stars surrounded by it. And it works Monday. I'm trying to watch once and again. One of my favorite shows. Yeah. And not only did they believe in like the O.J. Chase with helium and deer ports. Then they get the nerve to put the eye. We'll caucus on for 15 minutes. Great. Which was the biggest way. Which we'll hear is about that. Talk about terminal and pondress. All right. Well, I do do in a great job. I like all the good publicity you're giving for the good residents here in South Florida. Okay. But in closing, you can say, we don't need another illegal alien. Okay. Bye. I repeat our two. 56050, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Alien lives in Miami now in America. I'm about to meet. But it will be a bad idea. That was really good. Then he got sucked in by his Kirby vacuum cleaner. What's a good thing he boarded those words out just in the nicotine. Here's a pop at OB. Hello. Yes. Yes, sir. Leo. What kind of phone are you on, sir? Sorry about that. It's really messed up. Fan. This is probably in pop at all. And I can't put that crap on here. Maybe the phone is back home. And I can maybe add that cell phone at the nun's took away from the grandma's. You think so? I might have been it. You only went who belonged to the cell was the nuns. 5605050, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Hollywood Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, the guy called initially saying that all this was therapy here in your calls. And I told the same way. That's what I haven't called him. But I saw three things last night that made me want to throw out the sound. That's how I had to call. That and that came out after the meeting with her, was she in co-ener in her what? I didn't see them. Oh my god, she was just randomly. She couldn't put together one co-ener in sentences. And she just murdered herself as I can't speak bitch. I was thinking we got her involved in this now. She's talking about the grandmother's came in, shuttering with fear and we're looking for trap doors that didn't materialize and all this. What the hell are you talking about? So there was that. And then there was a Cuban flag out in the front there that about 50 people had to hold because it was so damn huge. Really? Yeah, that was in a big one. Oh, biggest one I've ever seen. Wow. And I'm thinking of myself, okay, you want to come to America. You want this kid to have the liberties that American poses. No, no, they don't. They don't understand. They don't know from liberty. Don't you understand their idea of liberty is we get our way. We get our way. Everybody else out of our way. That's exactly. That's exactly. That's ten of you. That's a nice little racer there to it. If you love America so much, why don't you have a flag out there that size of the American flag? And why are they flying the flag of this guy damn common? You're still country that they keep condemning. If it's so bad there, what are they running around, Brandishing that comedy flex. Next thing we'll have the hammer and sickle out there for Christ's. Not only that, but it's like, I think they're much a comedy. Oh, John, we're going to break it out. Why am I saying this to me? It's the bullshit. No, it's crap. I mean, if you really love if you love the culture Cuban, you embrace that. I understand that. But then what do you protest every damn band that tries to come down here and play from Cuba? Because they don't know from freedom. So I just got through telling you. Have a great day. 560560 pound, 560 on the AT&T. Where was it? It's time for this community to be free to be liberated. Liberated, liberate thought for the rest of us. That's what I say. Liberate thought for the living and breathing people. The Americans here. That's what we want. We want to be liberated from the, from the clenches of a bunch of crazy people, from a bunch of toothless old yentres. That's what we want to be liberated from. At least the old yentres in Broward got some teeth. They may have been a glass, but at least they got some. God. Here's my me, be, chillin. Hello, yeah. Yes sir. Yeah, this whole thing with Ali. I'm a little disturbed about some of the comments about. I love your show and I think. What do you disturb the voucher? The whole thing about just sending the kid back, but I may be a court case. I think it's already been politicized. I think the whole thing with that. And every news about Japan. Sure. Let me say this to you. Church Hoover is already going to. He's already going to, now it's whether he has the legal standing to hear the case or not. And once he makes his decision, it leads to go back to the I.N.S. or he'll make a ruling and then we'll do whatever supposed to. Why do we all this other window dressing going along with us? Why do we need the boats in the intercostal to get cheese out there with a flag, screaming, you know? What is all this about? What do we need this for? Why if this is a country of laws? Why can't we just sit back and let the laws decide and then go on with life? I get it. Why do we have to be held hostage to this round of clock? Well, from my vantage point of thumb up like if you believe in life, liberty and the country to happen is talking about a kid. People don't believe in liberty. Sir, they've just got through saying that you know what is well as I do. Well, couple of people, no they don't know they do not. Those people that are out there carrying on, they had a two people, all of two people that came by yesterday with a different point of view and they tried to beat the crap out of one of them. And the cops had to escort together one away with his sign because he was going to get the crap. That's not liberty, sir. What if the fascism? That's what there are but there's a bunch of fascists. And always my time give me a solid answer about liberty and we'll start playing Godless America for you. I'm tired of hearing about it. There are a bunch of goddamn fascists who never met a fascist. They didn't like. And I'm sick and tired of this whole guy then who you're being held hostage by a bunch of fascists and their co-conspirators in a local media for being speculating about all kinds of crap and trying to interfere in the government operation, their government arranged meeting, which the government had a demand that they do because they're so called money family, they're sitting the rules. They're deciding who's going to go where and who's going to do what. And if this guy then government had a balls, they'd gone in there and wish that kid out of there and they'd have placed them with some other goddamn family or somewhere until they could make a decision. And get them out of the clenches of these propaganda, so they're in a little Havana. That's what they were to do. I'm sick and tired of fascism in this town. I can't deal with, I can't cope with it, which is one of many, many reasons. I can't wait to get out of this place. I'm not giving you a song in advance about, oh, gee, if you don't like it, I'll get out and do time. Okay, when I'm good and ready. When I'm through suckin' all the money out of here and pit the painied back for what I've given for 24 years, which has been the one voice, not sitting back to the intimidates by the goddamn the courageous freedom flow of Tilla. I remember those days, 20 years ago, the Mary Al Bolip, which was the beginning of the toiletizing of this town. And instead of telling it like it is, the same assholes in the media and their predecessors, the courageous freedom flow Tilla. It wasn't courageous and it had nothing to do with freedom. It was about Castro making a bunch of fools out of us again, which he's doing one more time now, and every time he feels like it. Just want to do like little Cuban baseball team came here. All the hysteria over what? Over what? You see, let me say it again, we don't have any national interest vested in that island none, none whatsoever. And the fact that we've had an immigration problem there is because we don't deal with it effectively. This, you know, dry foot, wet foot policy, that doesn't work. That's like don't ask, don't tell. That's bulkable, bullshit, doesn't work. All that doesn't encourage people to risk their lives or risk their lives of their children like in this particular case. And if they can just make it to the shore, they're here. Not acceptable, especially when we had the double standard. The courageous freedom flow Tilla. What to me? And I'll say it again, none of this could have happened without the cooperation, the assistance and the enthusiasm of the local media. You are the people who destroyed this town. You people in the media. And you've been doing it ever since I came here, I'm sure long before that. Oh, we don't want Casinos. Here's that picture of the drift around a million miles behind the San Hotel in Las Vegas to represent the public here on the front page of the hero. That's what Vegas is all about. Some stumbled on out there in the goddamn desert. I was just in Vegas two weeks ago. I see any stumble bombs. I see a lot of stumble bombs here on my TV every day. A lot of toothless wonders with no brain. I had a great time. Everybody treated me great. I had a lot of fun, had some good meals. Life was great. Nobody was talking about dish mitt. But these people here, your Miami hero, then your goddamn son Sentinel and you're to forget about 4, 6, 7 and 10. They're not even more talking about. I wouldn't dignify them. But just come bags, but you'll lose your one of these. They're going to happen with the one of these leaves. Because you don't have any cohones. You don't have the balls to represent things fairly to present a balanced view point. And what about the overwhelming majority of people in this community who don't give a flying crap about alien and all this other horse crap? What about us? Do we have anything to say? No. No, it's rich Sanchez and alien Rodriguez and the same old Getskizan, or Pappa Pappa Pappa Pappa and assisting the West that this is what our lives are all about. My life hasn't got a goddamn thing to do with alien Gonzalez because Miami family, his Cuba family, Fidel Castro, Sister Rosemary or whatever the hell her name was. Gene E. McLaughlin, Barry University, the Catholic Archdiocese are any of the above. Here's a mobile and forward waterdale. Hello. Hey, you. Yes, sir. Yeah, let's kill these. This won't kid you to make it to short. It should take this out. Okay, great. 560505060 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and forward waterdale. Hello and waterhill somewhere. Hello. Somewhere in the Marathon, Broward. Yes, sir. Hello. Come here a long time. Listen, first on caller. A couple things. First of all, 1972 when I was in the military, the paper printed that we got over running long tree Vietnam. Okay. First of all, we, they said we turned chicken and ran. We got overrun. The army bailed us out until Caravis. Again, the press presented us as cows, which is not true. Do you expect them to do anything different with the alien armed process? Number three. I'm a retired police officer and I gave 21 years to a city. And that was 100% police officer. Number of harassed people. That was very good. And I'd run into police officers in Miami. I would say good percentage of them are corrupt. You're 100% correct. Number one. And what they're having when I prostitute. I noticed that outbows that they had them on there with the beach police yesterday all over the TV. Whatever happened when at the scandal with the cops and the prostitutes that he and his buddy swept out of the carpet over there. It's got to be close to a year ago now. Whatever happened with that, that we never heard another word about it. I have no clue. I was up here in Broward. Right. The next one is on Mary tour Cuban American. Okay. And I'm talking about a woman who has an IQ that could rival Albert Einstein. Right. I'm a fan of Albert Einstein. Yeah. You want to see this just put a rip in our marriage that you wouldn't believe. Really? She is glued. To this TV like you wouldn't believe. Yeah. I come home. I see the kids. The kids are on one side of the house. We're on the other side of this. I see this. I've got a stop. So I'm just like, you know, then I'm a green goat. Mary tour, a Latin woman. I love very dearly. But she is starting to get out of control on it. And I put this scenario in the other shoe. I just want about these kids to come from China. No. You know, she's just going to shoot the back to the castle. Like it. Just get the back. I'm a dad. You know, God forbid. Right. But anyway, Uncle Neil, that's all I have to say. I'm a long time. You just keep one word in mind. One word in mind, pal. La Bata me. And my work wonders, honor. Good luck. Good luck. Like the guy says. The media is sick and needs help. Badly. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Wireless long rolling along. Sign of song. Same old tired song. Same old tired crap. Wake up with the first piece. Joe Rogo. Jeff the part since he goes to you. We see morning to six. Only on sports radio 560 QAF. Please. Enough talking. Wouldn't you like your little princess to grow up to be an impeccable herpset ready for high society? Then why not buy her the doll? All tasteful little girls are clamoring for the talking Martha Stewart doll. This is a perfect time of year for planting in patience. With the talking Martha Stewart doll, girls can learn how to be just like Martha. Learn all about entertaining. Ruff tired of the same old costume gathering. Try a nude pool party. What? Marred. You called dad and done it. H-back. I want to see myself and have fun. Housekeeping. Ruff at floor bitch. I told you no more street. Rull man. Ruff man. Me baby. You baby. Oh yeah. With the talking Martha Stewart doll, your little girl can grow up to be just like her idol. Poised, smart, and classy. It's your f***er and my f***er. I'd like to ask hold. From Hasbro, makers of the Frank Gifford sleep around action figure. With built in tape recorder. Prof. 3560 WCM. So anyway, the one good piece of the media finally. Said would be on this remiss. I'd be on this. Kind of a Brian or cross. I'm missed. If I left this out, red editor again. The Sun Sentinel can't say too much for them. But at least on this issue they've been right on target all along. They've had the cohones. Unlike the hero which is busy, you know, trying to ride that. The right and the Jeff to force fence. They got their, their chafed. Right on the old back home from it. Sun Sentinel out of tour of the day. It says meeting a bright spot in battle. And this you ought to listen very carefully because it says it. Exactly like it is. It summarizes it in just a few paragraphs. It says the meeting of six year old. Ali I'm Gonzalez with his grandmother's on neutral ground. When there's the one bright spot in this chaotic custody battle. The immigration naturalization service rightly stepped in and ordered the boys. Miami family to make. Ali unavailable for the meeting at the Miami Beach home. A very university president sister Jean Orloffin. The I and S. however, should have made this. This is the early run to game. This would have avoided Mondays. Ten standoff between the boys. Grandmothers and his Miami relatives. When the two sides were unable to agree on whether we knew you should take place. The grandmother's left for Washington DC. They returned to Miami two days later after the I and S intervened. The National Council at churches contributed to making this case more bizarre than it needs to be. The Council brought the abuela's to the United States throughout sympathy for the boys returned to his home in Cuba. But the decision to wish the grandmother's to Miami on Monday when neither side was ready to budge on the reunion side was a pro public relations move. Council leaders should be hit more like mediators unless like handlers in this dispute. The boys Miami relatives in their lawyers however behaved more irresponsibly by insisting the grandmother's meat with alienated relatives. Little Havana home. This would have served no purpose of the then turning the event into a media circus. It would have also provided a photo opportunity for demonstrators outside the home. We're carrying flowers and welcome signs for the grandmother's. The props which were mostly handed up by exile organizers didn't make the crowd any less hostile to the grandmother's wishes to take the grandson back to Cuba. Aliens great uncles and cousins of temporary custody of this child. It's there right to fight Aliens. I in this order to repatriation to Cuba in the federal court. But this family does not have the right to make it tough for a six year old as he is grandmother's. It can't intrude loose temporary custody of Aliens if they don't cooperate in the child's best interest. Congress also was getting ready to defy over Aliens. Some lawmakers want to make a muacid as a permanent resident while others about the filibuster any such legislation. It would be better for everyone if Congress waits for the courts to decide Aliens state. It's time for an objective and rational person to rescue Aliens from a court. This person may be US district judge William Hooper who's been assigned to headl to an appeal filed on Aliens behalf which would keep him in the US. Aliens belongs with his father in Cuba unless it can be proven his father is unfit to raise him. US immigration officers who have interviewed the father in Cuba have concluded he is a loving parent. The court needs to decide the matter quickly so Aliens can get his life back and so the public can be spared from what's become a daily so far. Let's hear it to sunset and the only one to this time they can sense on this. We want to see our soap bars all right like guiding light in general hospital not today's story of Aliens. That's what we want to see. You want to see a soap opera not the one they're dishing out. 560 560 560 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. One of the city's got to be honest just up winding. Testing white. Oh, the RTV. Oh, but what do you want to say? Oh, what do you want to say? Actually like men. Okay. Why don't you act like a man? So we have little puts act like men not a cone. See it comes like that. I mean, what do you want to waste your time for sir? And we're not interested in having you tell the audience how to behave. Me how to behave the point is you got nothing to say is that correct? All right. Here's a pop in a hello. Pop in a yes sir. You should have had any privately and described less things play by severely. By who? Robots Julia. Spare you? He described it as untrutsch and it instead of saying it with a dumb. Unfortunately, it was at a disgrace even a five year old kid. Those better net. You play it off the bridge where you lift it a high towards the road. You don't know anything. You stand there behind the net and you move the puck around and nobody comes near you and you watch the cloud. The second thick off the clock. I've seen it a million times. You don't go put it anywhere and take a chance it's going to be intercepted. No criticism though, 12. Well, that's the Denise Pothpand has a more answer. What does that tell you to need? He's an answer. You even understand the game. You played it great for a long time but does he understand it? No. Can he describe it? No. Does he belong on here? No. Froggerland frog. 560560, pon 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Kendall. Yes. How are you doing? You haven't heard the latest. What is that? I shortly before I was clocked. Since her team in the last one called Channel 7 and advised them that she felt that the child should stay here because she's She's a married child for you. She called it because she detected the fear in the grandmother's and she thinks it might have been because of They manipulated it. Yeah. And so now this neutral site was supposed to have taken place. And this is the Sunset and all we're saying this was going to be one great spot. Even this meeting. Well, the fact that the nuns set outside the room monitoring and they ran in there and the confiscated the cell phone. That tells you there was nothing neutral about it all. And then they go out and they tip off one of the handlers from the mommy family that there was a cell phone in there. I just kept it. Oh my god. But I left Gordial and normally all the 1960s come down here. They thought that was in the first. And so I'm not too bright. But every day is something different tomorrow. It'll be a lot of the sleep and with hoover or something. Maybe she got a bag of money found under doorstep. You know, you got to go to the ERS name on it. You have to help us. You have to help me do what? What am I going to do? We can't leave. People might need to get out of the leaves. Just actually leave. You can't leave. You can't leave. You only hope we have as far as this is as some of them we can get together. And we can get together in a weekly basis. They be close. They do something because they're going to go nuts. No. If they win this fight, this city of Gordial. I got some contacts with the passport office. I'll help you out. 560505060 on the AT&T. Why else? Here's a lady in four lotterdale. Hello. Hi. I don't have a comment about this circus down in Miami. Yes, man. First of all, as far as this repeatable media on TV. Those folks that are holding onto their jobs because no news organization in the country is going to hire them as to this. They're a laughing stock. The other thing I want to say is we have the CIA designed for this mob down in Miami. Because they've been supporting these people behind the scenes for the last 40-50 years now. Yeah. And you know, it's just going to keep it. I mean, that's going to change down there. And they want to keep the have a better life. Why not they just end the embargo. The Cuban President Act. The Netherlands have a better life. There we go. And the embargo, man. That's what I say. Let's start to come out of the real world and cut this crap. We even do business with China and those companies that's over there. And we're Korean Vietnam. Let's stop the crap. Let's stop running American policy to satisfy a bunch of old and unenabled people. Right. I mean, if you go into going out, everything you see is making China. We're sending billions of dollars there. And they're going to nuke us one of these days. Okay. Well, I won't be here. I'm afraid they'll sweeten. Right. Okay. I'll be in that a gas car. That's just a place nobody's going to drop no bombs there. Are they in that a gas car? Yes. 560560. 560 on the AT&T wireless long 22 before one of QAMOs. The phone is for shootout. Are you up to the channel? No. Saturday morning, today. Only a 430560 QA. Nobody repulses you more. Three-year family to a Cuban Italian meal that will have a lion industry. Thomas, rig a load of rig a pony. Pull me back the money. Think by thousands of pig Jamaican women in her net. You'll bang your fist on the table with every demand and threat that's printed on every noodle. Like you can't let them re-must use the baby Jesus or slice in hot with liver. Rig a load of rig a don't he won't stick to the pot. So clean up his easy. No moths. So much. Don't feel front running pony. Give a rig a load of rig a don't he? It's 18-4-1 and 560WQM 560560. 560. On the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Tommy. Yes sir. Hi. I'd like to make some comments about this madness that's taken place in Miami. Madness is the word sir. I'm 40 years old and I'm an American of Cuban descent but I consider myself fully assimilated. I've never had any yearning for this nostalgia and foolishness that is uttered by many of those who are older. And remember a tuba that never was. And that's the problem. That's the problem. You look at a lot of these people that want to call the toothless ones. They are, they're filled with, they live in a world of unreality. They have this image of Cuba and I remember hearing this from my grandparents and students I went to school with. They told me the same story about a Cuba. That I became older and in fact I majored in a Latin American history. I realized it didn't exist. It existed in the fancy world. And what other thing? And this is a common thing I used to hear in the 60s and 70s. You don't hear too much anymore. I think it's been in parts because memories are faded. And also because now you have a new generation of anti-communist anti-casual fanatics. But one of the things that I used to always hear around the dinner table when I was out with my grandparents or my father. But I hear Cuba frequently say, you know, Castro betrayed us. And I used to turn my parents and ask them, well wait a minute. What does that mean? And they would say, well you know, one time they supported Castro. Right. That's a well. If everything was so well and Cuba before Castro. Right. But he's the was such a great guy. Yeah. You don't talk about liberty. Yeah. You don't have to turn around and support revolutionary movement because you know, revolution is not a Sunday Pintment. It's a pretty ugly and dangerous thing. So a lot of these older tubers that you see that are the most straight and the most self-right just anti-communist just keep in mind that at one time they were with the citizens. Right. And that's the amazing thing. And it's like a reformed alcoholic at the cocktail party. You'll never hear the end of it. The minute you put it drink to your lips. Right. And that's what described in my opinion. I'll send you outside, pal. All right. Thank you. There you go. And that was one of the best calls we've had all year, year or zero. And that was great. Right on target. 560560. Pine this business like I keep telling Georgia living in the past anyway. You can't go back whether it's the Cuba, whether it's the Detroit, wherever the hell it was, forget about it. And if America is so great that this could ought to be here, then what are you all bitching about a free Cuba for? Who now gives a crap? Let's get out with our lives. And you're allowed to down here. Keep sending them your pesos, whatever you've gotten. Do the best you can. And we got to move on with life. Can that happen in this community? No. No. And it's really sad to see. I mean, when the kids get out of school later on, they have to do them. Then you start seeing some of the younger faces. Some of the teenage kids in the young punks. They're in a couple of young girls are in a paper here. They're exhibiting the grandchildren, the great grandchildren out there. And they pour you a demo around. And of course, we're a lot of the kids. It's just like another party in the street. And it's used to make a lot of noise. It's like a fourth of July. You know, another excuse for the right next to the. They're rocking shoot their guns up and he's. Here's a lady mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Neil, hi. How are you? Great. I think it's a big for a moment. Sure. I want to talk about just looking at and kid many more. How do it feeling? I'm feeling great. I hear you have IVS. Yes. So do I for many, many years. You know, how I was cured. No dairy products. That's what I've cut out. No dairy. No dairy. Me too. I lost 20 pounds and three months. My best suggestion is cut the cheese. That's great. And I love cheese. That's my problem. I eat cheese with everything. And now that I've cut the cheese, I feel great. Just think you're to that, right? Right. I love cheese. I love you, Neil. I'm glad to talk to you. Hang in there, sweetheart. You too. Bye-bye. Yeah, cut the cheese. And that's one of the things in the 85 books I've been given about IVS. And thank you all very much. When you check off the diet, the things that are irritating your kishis, you have to try. Like for a week or two, you cut out this, you cut out that. And when you feel a lot better, you realize that you can't go back to that. All that cheese. I'm kind of a dull sky myself. Remember what I used to say about dulls, even the acetyde they were covered with cheese. I love you. I've never eaten a dulls. It's a dull grill on federal. Is it still there? I don't even know if it's still there. No, no, no. It's something. It used to be one year ago in Kendall and there was that one. But dulls was good. But the problem was everything had cheese on. Even if it had to get a chocolate milkshake at that cheese. Everything was with cheese. The waiters and waiters says, you have like cheese. There were cheese heads. Which I love dulls. But it was like cheese heaven. I mean, you can just feel the, oh, a fog in your arteries after you ate there. And of course, never having been a milk drink. So I guess I better start taking calcium supplements on them. That's the only thing I'm low on. I start getting that calcium level up there. I'm going to be dangerous. I got another 35 pounds lose. I guarantee you I'll look you won't be able to tell me five nine. Exactly. I'll look just like Ray Whitney. What? A little bit older. Like a slightly older version of my good close friend Ray Whitney. That's me. Here's the lady mobile and sunrise, huh? Hi, Neil. How are you? Great. This is the first time I've ever called you, but I've listened for a long time. Okay. And I thought that last man was what he had to say was both smart. He was very good. Yeah, he was good. And you know, the only thing I can say add to this is that I don't know. You know, I felt I was home for yesterday and felt like a hostage to the story because that Before I did a watch my proper baby. Can you imagine what I was home for? Yeah. I knew it was going to watch your favorite shows. You know, I could have been able to begin with a net. And then they subjected to this like, what do you want or not? Here's what you're going to eat. That's for sure. And so, you know what, I don't know if it does any good, but you know what you can do. You can call the TV stations and tell them what you think. And at least it makes you feel better. Well, I can come right on the ear and we didn't tell them what I think. I mean, I've got an advantage. Well, you're lucky, but we don't have that opportunity. So I call them and I tell them I think they are terrible. Very responsible, ridiculous, embarrassing and all the other adjectives. Right. And tell them, well, tell them the quit they're speculating while they're at it two by the way. Oh, and so on side, it's terrible. Yeah. Yeah. You get your list. Okay. Good luck to us. We don't. Thanks. Feel better. Hi. Okay. Somebody faches me again. The schedule here for National Airlines to win from today was the first day, by the way. Let's talk about something positive. I mentioned yesterday today's the first day for the Vegas National Airlines to win from the major markets in my movement. But today's the first day for the Miami Vegas. Miami to Vegas, 850 and morning gets their 1025 and morning. These are nonstop direct flights from MIA to Vegas. Let's go right now. Thanks for the one this weekend. I heard them say that yesterday. Perfect. And why the hell not? Nice going there, Humper. And then we got all of you don't like the morning flight. You can go 940 and night. You get their 1150 p.m. Vegas time. Now, let me figure out how long these flights are because these are 757s. 1025, 1025 is 125. Okay. So if you figure they always factor in about a half an hour extra. So 845 is 940 is 440. That's perfect. As opposed to the old America worst flights out there. You can take like 400 hours to get out there. Yeah. And sometimes the durable will get tired of spinning around that thing and the engines would slow down. This is great. And let's see. Coming back from Vegas 1250 p.m. The 830 and the morning that's a red eye. I don't know. That's a, that's a, that's a, that's a, the afternoon one. Sorry. I used 1050 and 930 and get back 630 in the morning. And that's a crazy about red eye or pink eye to be honest with you. For 1250 and Fnuggets back 830 and that. What's wrong with that? Sounds real good to me. I'm holding on to this. I'm going to call my good buddy dick over there at National Airlines. Look up a thing. Check out their airline. We'll back to Vegas to drop another couple of grand. Have a hell of a good time. Now, I got my machine waiting for me at the, the MGM grant. I'm not telling you which machine. But I want 300 on the first time. 300 the second time in a 5-plated three times and 500 on third time. 1100 bucks. Why the hell? And I just stayed there and played out one machine instead of going around. Well, actually, I would have had a good, I would have won some money and Vegas this last time. But I went into Paris and the, uh, Mandalay Bay to see them. I mean, you go to a new place. If you're smart, you gamble in a new place. No, no, because they got like that guy would have back in cleaner. That you were going to suck the money out of your wallet to get their, uh, construction cost back. But of course, you see the machines and whatever. And you know, got to try it out. Winning that try it out. Yeah, the Paris is just unbelievable. Moving sidewalks carry you all in and everything. They do. Who said that? All thinking the Venetian. I'm not having been into Venetian. They have moving sidewalks. Yeah, to get in, it takes you 20 minutes to get in, riding on these moving. Yeah, but it's like the roast motel. They get you in, but you can't get out. That's about the opposite of the roast motel. But at any rate, um, the Paris, you go in and it's got like a, uh, like a twilight sky. The other side. And there's a lot of stuff you can do in the third place, or just go, uh, going on the road over here. So you feel like you're outside. And there just doesn't, and dozens of shops and restaurants. And just beautiful. And then you keep walking back in these four, fake trees. And then there's all the, uh, machine, slot machines and tables. And all the gandling stuff. And you feel like you're outside. It's, it's an unbelievable. It's the best place of all. I mean, as far as looks. By far, you still stayed an MGM. Oh, I love the G. You know, one good thing about MGM, even if you lose and you're asking, you just keep looking around because all of beautiful people are TMGM. I have never serious life, and all over the world, I've never seen so many beautiful looking people in my life as the people in the casino with the MGM grant. Where are those people come from? Asia. No, no, I'm not talking about the Gooks. I'm talking about a girl. I didn't see that many this time, by the way. Now, I'm talking about real red blooded hot blooded Americans. That's the first place people think about when they think of, maybe, maybe behind Caesars. What? When they think of Vegas. Is the MGM grand? When I talk to people. Really? Good. First place is that. But don't start crying out of place out too much. And, uh, God Junior's sweets that were huge, uh, gigantic rooms phenomenal. So what more could you want? MGM grand, let's hop on that next little airlines to go to Vegas. What do you say? Oh! And by the way, we have the real story animator. So obsessed and in love with the baby alien. Somebody facts to tell me, but I don't want to, I don't want to put it on the area. All I can do is say, I'm impressed. Eight minutes before one is five, 60 WAM. Here's a mobile inform, Laterdale, hello. Anyhow you doing. Great. I'm calling about the, uh, spectacular that's going on down in Miami. Yes, sir. It sure is. I've got a great idea to solve the whole dilemma. Okay. Ready? Two steps. Number one. We keep to kids. And number two, we send all the professionals to expect Cuba and let them fight it out with And that's what I said. Yeah. Make it. We'll make a swap. Yep. Definitely. I make that a great grant. There were them too. And Aliets Rodriguez, send them in the package deal. Hey, got one other thing for you. You got a picture too. I've heard you talk about problems with cholesterol and things like that. And all these statin drugs that people are taking now. They all have some very, very serious side effects. Like liver disease, liver data. You turn me on to the, the book by Dr. McCulley. I'd like to turn you on to something. There's an herb and eye your Vedic herb is called. I want you eye your Vedic from India. It's called G U G to you L Google. And you know Google, G U G well, you can get it and help food stores. It's not expensive. I've taken it for a month. My cholesterol has come down 15%. Wow. No side effect. How about you taking a cookie you tend to, by the way. I am. Coq 10 is great. I am. I'm taking that as well. One of the best things for your heart. You can take it your pulse way down and it's just the miracles for me. But you know, there aren't drug companies out there to bribe the doctors to prescribe this stuff. So a lot of people don't know about it. Yeah, you know, I am this doctor right dick. My new doctor, Paula coffee's a good guy. But he believes in that the private call stuff. And he put me back on it for a while and it made me sicker than hell. I just don't believe in it. And I went back and I re-read that, uh, Killmer McCulley book and he's right on part of it. And I know he's on target because the thing about the homocysteine and the folic acid works like a charm. I mean, I have medical evidence to prove that he's not full of crap. You know what he's talking about. And so I wouldn't take the private call again. No matter how much that they paid me to take it, I wouldn't do it. Well, another good way to lower your homocysteine is to give blood. Yeah. Give blood about once every three, four months. My homocysteine went down from from 16 to eight in a couple of months. That's great. That's great. So, uh, there's another thing as well that you can take to help lower your blood pressure. Yeah. It's an herb. It's called cold. The OL, the L, the L, the L. The Aximist? No, colias. Yeah. Not cold, but colias. For scolias. Colias. For scolias? Right. No us on the end. Yeah. The holias. For scolias. And that's also available in health for the scolias. For the blood pressure. Okay. I'll do a thanks pal. Take care of you. I'm going to read you two. What a keep. Oh. What do you say? I want to keep, uh, keep it on. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, 5, 50 on the AT&T line. Well, I had my finger was like, like this. You know, I come to the doctor and go, and I was like, like this. Well, hey, listen, you know, I'm not perfect. Even I make a mistake once in a while. Oh, God. Coming in some days with this crappy phone system. I noticed, Bluff didn't come in here and cry today when they were phone got all screw up. That was good. Nice going there, Bluff. You can't do anything anyway. I feel sorry for him. I really feel sorry for him because he knows he's an important guy. The guy that preceded him Andrew's ass and would. He tried to do a couple of things and they booted his ass out of here in a heartbeat. So Bluff sits in here makes up these schedules and keeps his nose clean. Right. We used to have a program directly at the other place who kept his nose clean, but I guess it was a little bit different. Four minutes before one at five, 60 WDQM. Oh, the one you can play here. I have a good spotter day. What's up, Vonne? Two two hours. Hi, Vonne. You kids, you want to bring excitement to your breakfast table. We'll fire up your taste buds with a hint of sugar crash. Sugar crash. Yeah. Make sugar crash apart with your balance size. Once you try sugar crack, you'll never go back. One bowl of sugar crack will have you flying through the day. Yeah. I guess what kids? Each box of sugar crack comes of a surprise. In my box of sugar crack, I gotta toy God. Sugar crack is only available through a guy named Leeroy. Down on Main Street. Go get your sugar crack today. It's starting your day with a hint of sugar crack. All right. Sugar crack is get tested and mother approved. It's one o'clock at five, 60 WDQM. So here's a very bad news by the way. And we just got bad news. Remember I told you about the mega box, the jackpot out there and Vegas being like, well over 30 month one million over out there. Remember that? Uh-huh. Some old bitch just wanted for 35 million at the desert in some old bag. Oh, a bunch of old bitch who probably we didn't six months, just one 35 minute. You know what, I keep thinking because it's the three mega box symbols that had to come up on the middle line on a play line. And one time the first one came up on the first line, which you don't see those very much at all. And then the other two came up on the top line. So there were all three in front of me. And what goes through your mind is what happens if you did win it. In other words, would you have a heart attack and croak right there in a spot and fall on a floor dead in which case the 31 million wouldn't do any good? You know what I'm saying? You're thinking, how would I react? How about even react if the first two came up? You know what I'm saying? Like that. Like that. With my luck. But they didn't God damn it. I like to find out. So some old bag wins 35 minutes at the desert. She gets in Vegas. We sure don't want to go there. No, have a good time. Mother's scratch and redneck and Bible thumb and state that we live in but a Yahoo's. And that bushmice threw up there. Fony fascist up in Tallahassee. And Bobby butterworth another Fony piece of crap. See, you only live so long and you should be able to have a good time. That's part of the V.N.H. philosophy. You only live so long. You should be able to have a good time. As long as you don't step on anybody else's toes, harm anybody else. Why the hell not? You know, the anti casino gambling. The anti casino gambling is just like the prohibition argument with boost. Same thing. All of some people are compulsive. Some people are compulsive. Some people are compulsive. Drakers. Some people are compulsive. Shiver readers. Some people are compulsive. And I mean, you know, we just can't. Pean. Everybody else's life because there's some people who got problems. You do your best to help those people. But the wrong majority of people should have the rights to do whatever they want. Which means having a good time. Having a good effing time. I understand that's revolutionary in this town. The idea of having a good time in this town is going out there with a flag of some coming in this country. And waving it around and screaming in the yelling, carrying on. I like that. Let me say it again. Rich Sanchez ought to be suspended. Federal government ought to be looking at that. Here's the man who's trying to interfere in a meeting. Being arranged and conducted by the guy named federal government by an agency. The internet, the immigration and naturalization service. And this man's attempting to stick his big God down those in it. And believe me, there's enough crap on that. Those already for their crappy spend. How's Alps San Pedro doing by the way, Rick? You've phony piece of turd. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello, no. Yes, sir. I guess if I won the 35 million, the best thing I could be doing is we're in a period of depends. Uh-huh. But, you know, there's a really addressed aspect of that idea. Yeah. A really addressed aspect of this thing going on down on Miami. And I think there's a lot of people who need to look at it. What does that mean? How the parents would feel? I mean, if they're for whatever reason, if they're a five year old son or daughter, I'm a parent, I don't know how many other parents are out there listening. And that's up at another country, especially Cuba. And they were brainwashed. And that government wanted to make that child a citizen of that country. How do you think that father would feel? So I know I would be fuming. Right. I would do everything I could in any way it can to get to that country. Right. People who say, well, if I try on that, the people who say the father isn't coming here to get him. Obviously the father is not being allowed to come here. Oh, you have a question about that. He's not coming here. You have to know he's staying here. But that's a different talk show. And while he ended up not going to show us your about that because don't forget he's got a new wife and other kids back home and other relatives. So I'm not so sure he would or not. You know, the mom gave up her life and that's a terrible thing. And there's nothing that could be done to reverse that. That's over and done with. The kid needs to go back to his father and enough of this stuff. And you know, everyone this thing, the kids you say, the kids you say, do they have kids? These these people that are open it up their mouth. That's enough. I hope they're. They do. I hope the kids. These are better than there's are. That's all I got to say. I got to go get drunk and shoot my gun. Thanks. All right. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the 18. There by the way is the son of the fourth. Did you lie? They were from coast to coast. Yes, you want to go to a hockey game. There's no tailgate parties. I've told you that before. That's why a lot of these drugs don't hit it. They can't relate to that. No tailgate parties, man. Here's a lady in Pembroke pine. So I'm. Hi. I thought what's coming to sure with. To the last illegal aliens. I have two words for you. Let us rock. What what does that mean? Well, what what does that mean? She's about to come to sure with a both full of. illegal aliens. And she has two words. Pembroke rhymes with. Slock. I mean, what what is that mean? Anybody know what? No, I love lady people like you that call and you. You're hitting around. You make some. It ain't statement like that. And then that's it. Pembroke is got nothing to do with what's going on right now. We have. We have. We have immigration policy. Those. Pembroke. I did. How about two other words? St. Louis. How about those words for that ship that they turned around with the. The Jews on it. See, we don't live in a world of cliches lady. Maybe you do. Maybe you're too stupid to understand to reason these things out. We don't live in a world of cliches. cliches don't mean crap except for people with very, very weak minds. God bless America. Come on. Come on. Everybody's singing. Come on. What do you say? No. Okay. Here's a mobile in four miles. Hello. Yeah, no. I'm sorry. We don't get as much of this. Ely and Schmidt over here. Don't worry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You think it's like how you would want it. Yeah. Well, I'm still getting tired watching these political horrors and the. And the media horrors. Just just playing all over each other. Kind of see who can stick it in the furthest. Right. You know, at least the ones over in Canals Tree were. Were somewhat forward about what they wanted to do. Right. This is just a prison contest. Man, it's all of his. Yeah, and it's. It's really getting. That's. That's pretty. I'll pray for us, man. I'll pray for you. Okay. I appreciate it. They're praying for us. And then we'll go. They're on their knees. Praying or whatever they're doing on their knees. What's that? What's that? What's the number? The out of town line. We get a lot of great calls from four miles. They're kind of like laughing at us. 877-785-6345-8775-62. It's like when I got brought that beastly. You're stalking to my house. Yes. That's what I was talking about. I opened it up and looked at it with a wrong address on it. With my name spelled wrong. Spelt wrong. I mean, these people are dangerous. They are really dangerous. Irritable bowel syndrome. I mean, talk about, I and many of you have it. It's the second leading reason for absentee is next to the common cold. IBS is the leading cause of absentee from the workplace in the US. So millions and millions of people suffer from it at various times. Sometimes for long periods of time. Diet, which you can change, and stress, which you can't always change. Stress. Which sounds like a basis for a tremendous lawsuit. Oh, dog, rag it to lawsuit again. I gave him something to do in a narrow case. He hasn't had nothing to do lately. And Greg's out of town on vacation, of course. Like aerosmances on permanent vacation. He comes to me yesterday. Blossomino. Greg's out of vacation. He comes to me yesterday. Blossomino. Greg's out of vacation. Does it really make a difference? I mean, is there anything different? It's going to happen because of that? No. He's on vacation. 8 minutes after one is 5. 6. WQA. The Panthers and Tigers. Texture of the ice again. And this time up in Filler. To not join the new voice of the Panthers. Trick McDonald and Branding Holder for the action. Oh, you know where that one went. Panthers, please. Here on Sports Radio 5. 16QA. Holy Macaron. This is your ball on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority. Neil God. My name is Barry. You can talk to Bobby. And you style to my hair. And like that, the rest is where I can't stop. And do the round. So why do you have to be your star? He's more popular by both that spot and the death of yours. And move to make this coat. Now one to get my new song on the baby. In the Copa. Drop a dead body down. Oh, right. I'm on him shaking dancing like a kingdom. Oh. Drop a dead body down. By your burden. And just like being born in macococa. Drop ass a beat. Ship yet still. Drop a dead body. Mine should jump a dead body. I'm on Jim Shaking 10th. 13 at 5.50. W. W. By the way, let me hats off, especially the LUTE of the QM sales managers in our whole operation here. Great job. Not rate peri, screw in. Of course, our program director is busy in there with his head in the hands. John Penis has been gone for like two weeks. 90% of the live accounts on this show. Has anybody given me a list of like who's handling those accounts? No, why have any idea? When the people bring me copy for a fan of accounts are coming out of their field, who have names of AEs of salespeople on them. So I know who we're dealing with. No. See, one thing I've noticed about Peter Leonard. He's becoming like a new fat boy. He just makes stuff up as he goes along. You want to talk about that? He just makes stuff, which I'm sure you encountered with that growth test job that you said, no, thank you, too. I mean, dealing with the salespeople on a regular basis in this building is a fate much worse than that. They're not even close. 5.60, 150, 5.60, palm 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Leave me in Miami. Okay, and I was talking to you, sweet. 28 minutes in one second, she waited on her and she's gone. Thanks for waiting, bitch. I mean, man. 5.60, 750, 5.60, palm 5.60 on the AT&T on. Here's pepper pie, and hello. Hello, yes, sir. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Okay. Look, I get a thank you. I've only been listening in a few weeks, but you're doing a great service telling the truth about what's happening here. Yes. They say that this kid has no future if he goes back to Cuba. Why not? Well, you've already pointed out he's advanced educationally. Right. They had a little bit of mouth. He's got a lot of mouth. He's going to be a hero. There'll be, there already, about hundreds of thousands of people were in t-shirts with his push on a cover. Billboards, he's already got more publicity than I've ever gotten in this town. I'll tell you that. Right. I got a bear shoot. Great. When they put him in school. Right. And what about his health? How many kids American kids? These fat-slob kids we got that are spoiled. Yeah. They're much TV all day. And he junk food. Right. How long would they last? And he also wrote a very little chance he's going to get shot in school. How long would they last on the interview about the ocean? How long would our kids last on the interview about the ocean? Well, I don't know, but maybe let's try this weekend to find out. I can think of some of them, especially the ones that the games that kick people in the back of the head. Let's give it a shot. This we're going to see how long we can last out there. See if they match up or not. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and coke at a creek, hello. You know, how are you doing today? Great. You have to gain my flight? Yes, I was. Okay. Amazing. But that's the least I could say. I guess I was real shocked about that goal at the end. It wasn't amazing. It was unacceptable. It's grotesque and unacceptable. It's just the idiotic. He ought to be sit down for a bunch of games and maybe put on a trading block. Spalers and impediment to this team. Yeah, I mean, I never seen anything like, what were they trying to do? Just like, I used to plot, what were they trying to do? Just kill the guy. It's not day. It's he. It's Robert Spaler. Number 24, it's he. Not day. He has to take the responsibility. He had possession of it. There's four seconds left in the clock. You take it behind you. You did it around with a little bit. You look up there and a clock runs on. You go to overtime and you take the shore point and then you try to win an overtime. You don't do it around with it and have it. You're a pocket pick and have Ali Ashwalk in there and stick it in the net. I did it. Just a dumbest thing I've ever seen in sports. But you would say a burn in play. And I'd rageously. He played very good and broder led in a couple of soft goals. I thought we really had a good chance to let it. I don't think broder played up to snuff. Yeah, it was just amazing. When you looked at the devil's, I mean, the sense of their number one team. And we're a number one team. And it's just like, you know, I thought it would be a more action than the game. I mean, that was a game. And then the jersey doesn't play that style. They play a trapping in. And there's not going to be more action. That's the way they play. They love you to sleep. That's their style. It's part of all of the young players. They got that's the way they do it. Exactly. Just one one question that you might know the answer to. How many more times do we play new jersey? Well, that's the first time we played him. So I'm assuming what is it four times a year. We play him in the same conference. So three more. I guess we more. Okay. And we'd be. I guess. In February, March and April. Right. And whatever the result of the season's very good. Excellent deduction. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 6, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 60, 10, 5, 6, 60. Moon, moon, moon, moon, moon, uh, the AT&T Wireless line opened in the line only at a town line, 877, 785, 6345. What were they trying to do? That what they were trying to do. It's what one asshole was doing. That's trying to do what he was doing. The unacceptable. And I'll say it again. Your five guys on his team. I'd like to say I'd like to wake up tomorrow and find them in some of the uniform. I wish them all a lot in the world of pack of the sandwich Mike Wilson, Robert Spayla, Peter Orwell, Robby Needemire and Ole Kavasha. Those five useless bodies and uniforms on this team. We're a good team. We got doing great not getting anywhere to support. They should, which we've already, we've not got to change that nothing I can do. But those five guys to me are wasted spots on that roster. Here's Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. How you doing, Charon? Just to change gears a little bit. That we'll probably win Miami is not, you know, about the kid and the whole thing. I think what people are we're looking is a problem with the airport, with the new tower. The problem there is that the engineers try to get the plans through according to the self-laught of building code, which requires those columns and stuff. What they did are realizes that the air traffic controllers couldn't see because of those stupid towers. That means the stupid columns. I work for an architecture company and now they're looking to make more money off of that because of change orders and, you know, not that they've got to tear it down or shoot like they could do. Right. That's going to cost the county taxpayers a few more million dollars. No problem. No problem. Maybe in fact, maybe the judges that keep getting all these money for their campaigns, everything. Maybe we can call Mr. Guidea Resumist to Sanchez. I'll come up with some money for it. The lobby says, we're really with steering part this county. Right. Also on another thing, it doesn't matter where you're from. You know, my parents are on anything. I'm just human. Um, arguments can be made on both sides about this child thing. Um, you know, leave them here because you got the opportunity to send their because you put this father. Um, personally, I'd rather see him here, but realistically, I believe that you should go with this father because if I'm down to my last being and I have to split it with my son, I'd rather split it with my son than know that he's over here with some distant relative. You don't have to worry about him being with his last being. Believe me, if this kid goes back, that whole family will be very well taken care of. And the most of the things that he's left was over here down there with a bad Pete, that's what they're worried about. You know, because they don't care about the kid on either side. All I care about is who's going to win is the evil empire or us. Because I was discussing with my parents last night and, you know, they said, it's like if they said me through some distant cousins, we have a New York that you've never seen. You've only heard his name mentioned three or four times. Right. And then now, oh, they're the great family and everything. Not that they're not loving or not. Now we're holding up a plane ticket while they were saying this or. Oh, no. We're still going to Benz. Okay, pal. Also, last thing, they're also saying that they shouldn't turn this kid into a political thing, but as soon as you got his opinion on the first thing, they did was parade him around the yard, holding up the subpoena. Right. So don't send it back for it. So he won't be a political figure there. But we're talking to a young pony show that they want to hear, here, keep this in mind, they knew that there wasn't going to be any dinner Monday night. And they still went through an immediate cooperative with them. And they went through this whole shoe raid and they went through the song and that it's about the great meal they prepared. And they got them all dressed up away with his little brownie camera. He bought a camera. They went through this whole shoe raid orchestrating for the media. And they've got the gold to talk about how Fidelis Orker is is the pulling his strings on the grandmothers. That's probably the best word is a charade. That's amazing what they have going. Have a great day. Thank you. You do. Both sides are equally foolish men. How do you like that? They're both foolish men. Just put politics and some of the people in Congress are saying, well, it's really a shame we're making this kid into a political football. It's a tug of war. Well, why did you do something about in front of the cram? Like Chris Dodd. There I like course senator Chris Dodd. Good liberal boy from everywhere. You're going there. That's going Chris. And he introduces a bill at he had one. He hasn't even put it out there. Yeah, but he's good introduced a bill to send it back. Put him in a crush. Leave his father. And he says that if Connie mac comes up with the other bill, then he'll reduce his bill. So they can tie it all up which they do very well up there and just keep it in limbo. They said they wanted his day in court. But of course, if the Congress should pass along, make it a mucid as in, would they turn that down? Oh, all these lawyers and hot shots. Of course not. They don't want to do the court. They want their way. Period. They don't want what's fair. What's right. They want their way. That's it. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hi, Daniel. Great. I call him about irritable bowel syndrome. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Thank you very much. I think it's the biggest joke in the world. I can tell you every time that I get irritable bowel syndrome. That's what I have about 12 donuts. Griecy burger. And start worrying about how I'm going to pay my bills. Yeah. So if you have irritable bowel syndrome. So it's the joke. Is that what you're saying? I didn't think it was very funny. I had it for like five weeks. I didn't find it amusing at all. Why? What were you doing to prevent it from happening? I didn't. I wasn't doing anything. I'm a vet because I didn't know what it was. I was going for every test that's ever been invented. I didn't know what it was. I had no file to 20 pound tumor. I didn't know. It was your diet at the time. Crap. Okay. And I got rid of the crap and I got rid of the stress of not knowing what it is. And now if you're a lot better, how do you like that? Well for you to say it's a joke. I don't know what you mean by that. I mean, that's exactly what it's tied to. Whatever you've done is what you're going to get out. I didn't stress that is absolutely correct. So cut the crap right. Thank you. If you got it, it's not funny. Believe me. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Out of timeline for the free world. Can you hear us in a free world? Are we being communicating with the outside world? Oh, no. Now the busy watch and see it in that little kid on there. 877-785-60s V45. That's our toll free number for anywhere. 877-785-6345. Here's a mobile in POPPO. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Good. You know, we all know we can't show you the mass. Yeah. You know, which company should we go to that? I mean, this guy, I'm listening to us today. He's clear to me with my smile. And he's going to be right. Yeah, well, he's a sports nerd. He's a lightweight and get your phone at work. And I'll talk to you sometime, sir. Your phone is crap. I'm sorry about that. Yeah, Tony. All I will say this Tony had to hit that rum on foul Sanchez in the studio with him yesterday because I was flipping all over the channels naturally. And the Tony did make a rather feeble attempt to, you know, correct some of the things he was saying or put him on a spot with the people. But the for Tony was pretty Tony say, you're right. He's a marshmallow to begin with this sports nerd turned news guy. This town is famous for that. Anybody remember Carl, can't be a Martian? Yeah, another, what do you want to, what are the guy, a sports guy turned news guy like Brian or cross, star cross? Which I don't think he's anchoring the news anymore. Is he? No. Good. The rank were in him and believe me, they need to. But I don't think he's, I mean, this is one of the few markets where the guy that does the sports, then a couple of weeks later doing the news. Then he's giving you the stock market report, then he's waving his arms like Al-Sonshawn. I don't get it. I just don't get it. Huh? Sports is obviously the most important thing. Well, if it's the most important thing, the why did Tony cigarette will leave it behind and then become a news dude because if you know your sports, you know everything. Oh, I see. That's right. And then of course, Tony kept sticking his nose in the sports department. Boy, they hate him like toys, no, they're by the way. Probably Joe were a little, little Joe in the morning wouldn't put it. Little blog, but they hate him like toys. They don't get it for sloppy, baloppi too. And don't forget when they have that new building finished in Miramar, they want to be picked up in the limo every day and brought to him for work. Yeah, they're superstars, Tony, and what's your face? What's your push? Yeah, you look at me like you can't believe that. They want to be picked up in a limousine and brought to work and take it on every day because their Schmidt don't stink man. And he went to you a van, which tells you everything you don't know. 26 after one at five, 60 WQL. Two AM, drops the green flag with motorsport Saturday Saturday morning, six with choke as tellow right here on Sports Radio 5, 60. Two way. And what is positive? Not good, it's great. There was no farmer who's hit down here. Even that in the middle just taking his pit that some boys who were down by the bridge, they're beating the water, they're in on their marbles and glaping, they're in at half past four. They're teamer young ladies, she looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass, she pulled up her dress and she showed them her ruck bulls and leaps and they said, why'd club be the rat? He said she was learning a new way to bring up her children, so they would not spin, while the boys in the barnyard were showable things, wrapped you sing later from yesterday's hunt, while the girl in the man who was rubbing her eye at the fellow, down by the sky, even a black man with a side of the poor home in the country with a big fence out front. If he had to phone like they she'd show him her little pet dog who was subject to pit and maybe she'd land him, wrap hold up her small tender and with the movement so quick and then she'd bend over and suck down his candy so tasty made of butter, scotch and then he's print with cream all over her cup, geez, that she had left out on her shell. Oh, if you think this is dirty, you can go yourself. Oh, Jack, what's 31 at 560 W if you have his effect as his he's been it's currently debating the early on thing alive. Aliana Rosanna Denna was first with her usual speech, but surprisingly Peter Doer to democrat from somewhere in Florida, he's from I expect Miami says supports or no, he's from Why doesn't Congress just bypass Aliana's business by off and declare Cuba the 51st date? It says, shut up with it, but can't stop listening. It's a fact from fart buyers. All right, now he's going over there in fart Meyer. 560, pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless line that's our toll free number here today. We got Hank Goldberg in Atlanta. Maybe you'll find somebody else's back home just and after the way he kissed all over that obnoxious ferrule on a radio. Oh, that was Hank, I'm sorry. That was, oh, God, why didn't he do that? Is there special reason to do that? Oh, I had to do that. That's for well on a radio. Just the discre. I had that alarm come asha making plays. Oh, yeah, it's playing me the playmaking of old and kavasha. Don't be like saying the heads up play of Robert Sveila after last night's game, right? I was going feral for out one of you now. I'm sorry, I shouldn't say feral. That's where my wife's sorry feral. Well, what seriously is that's where my wife's name? I don't want to hurt. I see. Oh, I want to do it. Sorry feral. Here's Miami. Hello. You better be a voice to that guy. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got two quick comments. Go right ahead. I think so, like, couple of things. You didn't want to talk about this. I mean, I don't think. I would want to talk about a Monday because there was nothing going on. So, obviously, we've been in a day to this and what's happening in the community. I am talking about it, sir. Oh, I'm anything. No, no, man, excuse me. Do you want to talk about something? I do want to tell me what I should be talking about. You even noticed that? Uh-huh. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the 18. Hey, I hope you and your boyfriend have a good time at the old circle. Zerk Robster's a clock tonight, pal. You know what I'm saying? Squared squirt. Get yourself a grip. Oh, you already have? Same little Julio's playing with each other. Rubbin himself's raw. Have a great time, kid. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Uh, Neil? Yes, sir. How you doing today? Very well. Very well. Let me just give you a little quick account of the objective Cuban history here because some of your callers are really being impartial. First of all, in cash, the Colora Cuba. You took over a country that has the most advanced economy in Latin America. What was it, what was it, a democracy? Well, let me get to that. It's a simple question. It was not a democracy. It was not a democracy. It was not a democracy. It was not a democracy. I'm talking about the economic indicators at that time. I'll get into the political indicators in a quick moment. It had the lowest on the last of them. Yeah. It's a father. It's a father. Oh, he's a man. It's a father. Sir, call me back. He's not accused me hanging up because I don't want anybody says it's his fear of phone is no good. Sir, if you turn up the radio, you'll hear that I can't understand. So if we get a file, a cell that works or a phone, maybe the cell phone that they had over there in the house yesterday, a gene in the Lothan's house. Maybe the one that the nuns intercepted, maybe the, if you call me back on a line that works like an understanding, you can put your knee or when you go, like I can't understand what you're saying. In addition to which to be honest, we didn't, I don't want to hear about Cuban history. We don't care. We're not interested in Cuban history or Chinese history or you're a Slovenian history. I'm not interested. This situation is a custody battle. It's not about Cuban history. The people in this community have been browbeaten with Cubanness in Cuban that until it's coming out of our goddamn rectum. Years. Okay. No one. I'm not going to waste my time hearing a history lesson. The fact is that Batista was a fascist dictator and like it's been pointed out, a lot of the people who were here screaming now were behind Castro in the first place because he thought he was there guy. He's our dictator. Okay. The turn comes to find out he wasn't communist to communist to. But that's 40 years ago. I'm not going to live in the past. I'm not going to live 40 years ago. I don't want to hear about the pilgrims and plimmats rot about all that crap. Voring. It's terminal. People who live in the past are just there wasted time. Let's live in the present. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. 0, 5, 60 and pound 5, 60 on the 18, T. Why don't you sign? Here's the lady in North Miami. Hello. No. Don't yell at me. Please. Why not? I was the one that said the boy got. Don't yell at me. You did you call already today? Yes. Well, yes. I wanted to know. Forget it. Get out of here. She was the one that was hot in the oceanic yesterday about boy cutting Kai. You're a silly person lady. You're silly person. You're silly goose. Once a king always a king but don't ever call me again. Okay. 877-785-633-45. Some of you have got these great profound ideas. If you say it once and maybe it is profound or you say it is a bunch of crap. If you say it again, it's still going to be profound or it's going to be a bunch of crap. We heard it. We heard it yesterday. And it was just as really a killer yesterday as it would have been today. Boy cut this. Okay, honey. Got to my face. But I didn't shout. Here's Lake Worth. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I know this is called from Green Lake. Two things. Green Lake is all right. Pardon? I said, have it. How you doing? Good. First thing I really need to help on the name of that herb for the blood pressure before I get to. Oh boy, the herb for the blood pressure was called Collius for Scully. How do you spell it? COLEUS. COLEUS. COLEUS. FOR-S-C-O-L-I. FOR-S-C-O-I. Right. Okay. Let's talk a little like E-C-O-I. So let me just go about that. I like the last part of that. Okay. The second thing. What is the second thing for the food? Anybody mentioned about that little boy that was floating around for two days in a tube? How could he not slip through? And I've come. He didn't have a sunburn. Two days out there. I don't know. Anybody ever thought about that? I don't know. Did he? I don't know. I laid out three hours on a very over-case-y-bound hill. He got a sunburn. That's it. That's a fine. To a crisp. This kid was out there for two days. You stayed awake for two days. He didn't flow through the hole there in the tube. Well, I was wondering. Let me ask you this. Did everybody else in a boat died? I mean, where did he come from? That was he just right there. Is there some kind of scan? The guys that picked them up? The guys that found them something. Something's wrong. This isn't... Well, I'm ready. Could have been a scan for what purpose? I have no idea. Okay. Well, when you figured out, call me back. Okay. Would you force goly? Yeah. Yeah. Let's get the... Colombo on a case. What do you say, huh? 560560. I have to be here in a half hour column. We'll keep an eye out for him. 560560, pound-560, on the 18th and the Coralist line. Oh, God. These people, like I said, get this over with. If you're going to waste your time of crap, this is not worth wasting your time over, okay? Let's stop with this. Let's put a goddamn moratorium on it. Let's bring it to a goddamn halt, please. Oh, God damn it. Wake up with the first key, Joe Rogo. Jeff the forest is the ghost key. No. We're tomorrow's sex. Only on sports radio 560QAM. So, let's bring the oil to the car. I'm dying, let me see. Well, where can her killer be? Why don't they arrest the ramps? They come up this way, that's these people should still be free. I'd to be done by someone in her family. Yeah. Well, let's stand a few years, it's been quite a while. They haven't got no one to trial. They have no leads, so they stay. If I was damn, I would ask, okay. No one was there, except to family that night. Something's things that something ain't just right. Who are these cops? I'd like to see all they put the police to get them be. I'd kill them a goal. Well, where can her killer be? Why don't they arrest the ramps? They come up this way, that's these people should still be free. I'd to be done by someone in her family. Yeah. What 24-5-4? How's she doing by the way, John Bernace? Senior this week. Oh, dammit. So anyway, I mentioned that they won the $35 million megabucks to the Jackpot out there in Vegas. Damn. Some old bag at the desert in. Some miserable old prune-faced bitch. $35 million Jackpot. You don't think she croaked on a spot to it? You know, they do have the overhand cameras all over the casino, they have special ones on the big progressive jackpot, like that, so they can make sure who's playing the machine. Because what also goes through your mind is, suppose I hit it and suppose that nobody that I know is around here right now, and supposed it like I have it as another people like lurking around it, and then try to push you on the way and say, oh, I want to machine they got like for their best friend saying, oh yeah, we were playing it. But the good news is that the evil eye in the sky is watching down there, so they cannot, no, can't do it. I'm just thinking of all of these things. So when I go out there next time, my National Airlines in a few weeks for free, and I do in the next few minutes, I read a story about a kid who snuck into the scene. You know, he's close, he's close to the age, and it played a slot in one of them. Yeah. But he was under age. Well, I remember that, and there was a big lawsuit about, and whatever happened to the viewer get the money, I don't think so. Well, now that would be a bitch. If you're like 10 days away from your 21st birthday, and as much as I love Vegas, I got to say this. And of course, it makes no difference what you say about casino's here, because we're never going to get any way. So if you're all nervous that I'm helping out the anti casino forces by saying this too bad, but you go in those casinos, and I'm a pretty good judge of age. Okay. I mean, when you're an old tag who likes young guys like I do, you have to, I mean, you can't always trust the IDs, you know? I'm pretty good judge of age. If somebody's under 21, you've got a pretty good idea. I mean, there's some people who are 18, it looked maybe 22, and vice versa. But there are people in there who look like 17 and 18, you know what I'm saying? Are there any other people who are in there playing the machines in the dittler around, and you just have to wonder why are they doing that? Why didn't they let that go on? Go to the hard rock or don't go to the hard rock. Yeah. All all young kids. Like how old is how young is to young? How old? The average age would be like 25, 26. So lots of kids probably under age. 18, 90, all driving from LA and go to Vegas. 18 or 19? I mean, they're not supposed to be every table. I don't look as young just in the world. Well, in 19, 1920. Perfect. Oh, yeah. There you go. So where is that? Oh yeah, that's a run. Harmon Avenue. I know exactly where it is. What do they call hard one? Too bad about him, huh? 560, 750, 550, 560 on the 18, T.W. Lifestline. You know, you're right. Did we at a psychological study of some of these people would prove to be very interesting, but I'll let you handle it, please not me. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. All right. That's pretty funny. Yeah. You call me out here. So if you tried Jesus or hard Jesus, that's all I eat. I don't eat soft cheese. Like cannon bearing at the little. Oh, I don't eat that. No, that's, I think part of my problem, dairy. A lot of people have lactose intolerance. Yeah, I have that too, but I can't get away with like the hard Jesus. But I, but I don't, I don't need it. I have no desire for cheese. I mean, Jesus is good, but I, it's not one of those things like, but Anna split that you're like, very much. I think it works, too. Right? Lesson. I want to ask you this. I haven't paid attention. I know you probably know. Don't get all excited. I'm not the least excited. Okay. It didn't, didn't our policy. What do you like legally here? Because he, our policy says that if he get here, you're here. That, that, that, absolutely nothing to do with it. Because he's, he's not an adult. He's a minor and his father is the only one that can speak for him. And because he's a minor that his father has legal as the legal custodian of him, and he has the right to have him back. My, I mean, they used to fly to silver here with nobody here to get him. Right. I, I understand that, but this is a different case because he does have somebody. And he has a father and they've already gone over there and interviewed him. And they've determined that the father was a fit and loving father. And he has the right to have custodians for the child and speak for him. So this Cuban refugee act doesn't cover minors. And not necessarily not in this case. Well, that's it to me. It's an iPod. It's the government was just like Clinton does all the time. He doesn't like the law. So he just, well, or me, let me be like Clinton does all the time. You see, what you don't understand talk about political hypocrisy is that the same Republicans who, and, and who, who have done everything in their power to. In fact, they were talking about this last night is that the people who get here don't have real judicial recourse. Because of the same Republicans who are screaming in grants that need to keep him here and make him a citizen. They're the ones who are anti-immigration. So I don't know what you're talking about. Clinton for what you got to do with it. I'm not anti-immigration. I don't know what you're talking about. What do we public in party is that that's not the party. I think the Clinton's the worst Democratic I ever saw. Sure. I have a great day, pal. I'm not interested in talking with somebody that's political animal. Okay. He's the worst Democrat he ever saw. He's the best president in my lifetime, sir. And you're just a professional elephant sucker. He's all you are. He's right. I didn't get agitated because he's an idiot. It's a fact. I'm not just making it up to the Republican party or anti-immigration. That's part of their platform. And you know something I happen to agree with it. But if you just want to be political animal, this crap about Clinton. So in other words, just like the old Cubans, the matter what Clinton does, you're going to name him. So how would it what's the planet talking to you? Post gets what he ain't running this time anyway. So don't vote for him. I think I'll write his name in. It's a 10-4-2 at five. That was excellent timing. I was going there near you. That was beautiful. Couldn't do that again. That's going there Nick. Only one South Florida radio station has. Hey. Hey. Stop doing it. And go for a week. They happen to do sports radio 560 QAF. We are God. The American Cheesecasts overmine. Do that everything tastes better with cheese. Hey. Hey. Luckily, except when my mom helps cheddar cheese on top, then I even ask for seconds. Yes. There's nothing like cheese. It makes things taste terrific. I'm a side show geek in a circus. And I eat ground glass for a living. My secret. I top the shards with grated farmers on. It tastes great. And the cheese helps to absorb the blood. That's right. Nothing. Cops things off like a big. Sweaty. Glob of cheese. My husband likes me to, you know, do him. But I hate the taste. So I just wrap it in an individual slice of American cheese. It goes down easy. It's not makes it easier to go down. Cheese makes everything taste better. So remember, don't forget. Cheese. 155 middle guys like that last guy. He just is like these old two and eggs with the bad teeth. Oh, well, come on. It's the bad. This one good. You know, every if either black and white world Republicans would Democrats bad. And people have deal either like that either way. Either way. I just I have no time for them. So if you notice him that people like to get very little short truth on his show your right. It's not a question of agreeing or disagreeing. It's a question of listening to bullshit. And I just don't have time for it. It's ridiculous. Oh, Clinton. He's one of the worst Democrats. Well, what does that mean? Well, what does that mean? Well, the good Democrats please stand up. Well, the good Republicans please stand up. And of course, don't forget, with the old scene of Republican. The opportunity power to please sit down. Here's a mobile. Oh, I can't stand up anyway. Mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. This is not too bad. The Clinton, don't be about Clinton. He's all right. He's not going to go to the Clinton. By the way, the Republican Party is anti-immigration, but it's not anti-cuban immigration. Or at least it hasn't shown that yet. Just want to bring up some facts. A lot of you call us our angry at the media exposure. This is given than given. Of course. And it's been directed at the Cubans, but the media is in control by the Cubans. The network CNN, MSNBC. They're not controlled by the Cubans. Well, I mean, I can say no, of course not, but I will say this that the local local media, and of course the Cuban control, the news department, to make those decisions. But there are two different issues that is the assessment media coverage. And also the irresponsible behavior by people like Elliot and Rodriguez and Channel 4. And Rick, I want to be in the middle of this and manipulate it, Sanchez and Channel 7. Absolutely. But I got to tell you the media what's put on the news is what they think people are going to watch. And somebody's got to be watching this. And I wouldn't be surprised. I'm not going to be surprised. I watched it yesterday because there was nothing else to watch. I mean, no matter where you turn it was on there, every channel including the cable channels and on the satellite. That's basically what we ought to watch. I'll have to know. Right. Well, I just want to make also another point. Dude, I don't want to go back into it. Well, let me ask you this. Do you think it's worth this amount of coverage? Of course not. In fact, nothing is worth this amount as coverage. I mean, if we had like a nuclear war or something, okay, it's worth this amount of coverage. Or if there was like some, if we had a hurricane like we've had before, it's worth it. But this is a case of an immigration case. And this is it. And this is only part one because part two is when Ali on father comes down here and it will eventually happen. No. And you don't think so? Castro will not let him come here. Well, I'll wait. We'll see. But anyhow, I just want to make a comment that I was cut off last time about that guy to study Latin American history. Yeah. You've got to realize you've got to make a distinction between political revolution and economic revolution. The revolution that took place in Cuba was predicated on the political corruption that existed at that time. Not on the economy. The economy was, as I mentioned earlier before, I cut off very sound economy. Yeah. It was even worth more at certain certain circumstances. Well, what does that have to do with this? Well, because he was saying he had mentioned that the Cuban said, well, life was better in Cuba, blah, blah, blah, blah. How could you have a revolution? Well, you had a revolution for political situations, not economical. Yeah. That's what we really lived our thought. And those old people were the rotten teeth. They don't even know what it means. They never had a word about them. They were over here. Well, you know, Cuba at that time in Castro took over was about 50 years old. And I'm not making any excuses for republics and countries take a while to develop. Even the United States took a had a civil war approximately 90 years after its independence. Yeah. And, uh...