The Neal Rogers Show on 560 QAF, a modern Neal Golf 560, a 560 Colby in David Rallor, a new 560 on Airsoft, and a new Piggins of Neal Disgusting Colors. And that necessarily represents those of the newly broadcasts for its staff. Advertising the agency now. Here's Neal Rogers on 560 QAF. What is a session with hope? Now, from Washington, number Glockwyn Group, featuring Elanor Cliff, Jack Jemont, and sitting in for a Pat Buchanan, New York Giant Cheeky Barber. Now, here's John McLaughlin. Here's Jewon, George Dobea, rings all vaults. I don't know Cliff. Well done, I want to say. Rallor, Jack Jemont. Well that's not an easy choice. Rallor, G-G Barber, I'm gonna have to say the wrong Rallor. Actual answer, law exercise. That was an easy one to join. This is you. Algo, favorite Broadway show, bringing the noise, bringing the punks off-chat. Elanor, do you think you're small enough? Well, John, I'm gonna have to say it. Rallor, Jack Jemont. That's a very difficult choice. Rallor, and G-G Barber. You gave it to the last set, I wasn't a joy. Rallor, correct with ponds. Cax, G-Obsom. Next issue, the cast of big brothers should be murdered. How? How? How? How? Jack Jemont. K-M-A-M-A. Rallor, and G-G Barber. I don't think they should be G-Obsom. Actual answer, boys and pudding. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Oh, that's the best. Can't owe two or five, six, you know, how did you keep your A-M? Oh, see, I like a fatter for the sense of humor, basically. Our third and final poll yesterday was a zip poll, and it was tight. I mean, it was nipping-tuck, so to speak. We did really grant you Johnson. The guy that called yesterday said we oughta have the, Paul of me put you the years on a diamond back, who offended me with security Randy Johnson. He was ugly and go test, but we're all at long here, who'd all come see to zip, lift him up. It was tight. Man, you were Mariaiga. 197 wins the battle, so probably at 469 votes on this one. And guess who was second, George? Another skin, here, baldy. 197 for Mariaiga, 186 for Wayne. Edward James, almost. I would say he almost got second place, but it wasn't even close. Only at 59. David Johnson, only 11. He was head, somebody that bought an atom set. Behind, and James would have only seven. That's because they know who James would, is, evidently. Huh? You don't know if I'm a citizen cone, and what's upon a time in America? This audience is no rose to movies. Here's Bill sends me a fact this morning. It says, please put the name of the book about Bush on your website. The other book which I haven't got yet, I'm going to go out and get that tonight. It's called Shub by, by, people write it down. Oh, here it is. I wrote it down. Now I even, Shub, rhymes with Shub. It says, I can barely hear your show. I'm AM radio and office building. Couldn't get the name of the book. And not only is it on the website, is it on your now? It will be soon. Yeah. But the cover of the book will be on there. And I'm going to do it today a little bit later in a few minutes. I'm going to select a page, or a couple of pages from the book and read it on here every day, between on your election. It's our children learning. The case against George W. Bush by Paul Begala. And I now see that why the yesterday, you notice we started getting it. In fact, it was last week, 12 in the week, and yesterday we had more of it. Francia Castaria by the right winners. Including the Boy Scouts guy and some of these other real ultra-right wing answers. We're starting to get panicky because it's quite a moral scene in propaganda about these polls about what else. Who's more likable? See, I understand that Ted Turner must be, he must be sure to catch or something like that. On the show. So maybe it's something that's seen in getting reached to something because it's so obvious how they're skewered between their Gallop Pearl and the Scarborough's they keep peddling about. Wow, who's more likable? Like this, and they keep analizing it and repeating it over and over again. And it was USD$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ to call. Now I'm going to tell you, this is so raise your close, this election. I mean, this title is gonna be speaking a fight. Here's a great fact from Chuck E. from IA. It says the other day we're commenting about how football is a gay sport. It seemed to have pushed the wrong buttons with some of your sports, your listeners. Well, here's evidence that it is. Yesterday, ESPN gave a segment to the etiquette of the butt slap in football. Back in, they talked about ten minutes about it, but I'd like to point out two instances of the butt slap that they showed. One, Steve Young and Steve Naryucci, shake hands at the young, comes to the sidelines. After they shake, young begins to slowly walk away. Naryucci then stays at young's bed and flats that would little smile. How do you like that? Two, which Bill Cower is talking with Codell Stewart. Isn't that interesting that Steve Young and the court thought Stewart after two grudd-abags involved in these instances? Yeah. The Cower's talking with Codell Stewart still walks away and cower packs him in the butt. Back in, after the slap he's serious for like five to ten seconds and Codell's butt almost as if he liked what he felt. The thing is that football players don't seem to like to sit all why? Because they're already used to it from pop-owner league, high school even college football. Maybe you wonder what happened when it came over the closed door meeting as in, by all of them. Chuck E. goes on to say, what would it happen if somebody tried to pack Codell or Ty Dome in the butt? I bet they get their sticks shoved so far up that person's ass. They'd be able to pick their nose with the crew on the blade. Nice going Chuck E. from my earlier point. Codell and Ty Dome, who's that? Oh, I'm sorry. How do you like that old fight that called you? If the first call of the day after I was ready, getting ready to be about to debate. The first call of 400 year old guy. Hurrah not make believe, they're the best. And I says, can you name me one player on the head? No, but that's not. That's not that. How is the Harry Lundler Dome? Oh God, looks love those old, oh, crusty nine hundred year old people. Marine down, but I got so much camp today. I'm just Lord of Craft, but should we take your call first? Here's a mobile and 90B, Tom. Hi, they are. I think we should hold a residential candidate to a higher standard to make them pick a simple college entrance exam. Yeah, I know one of them that would be... Long easy. You should try and set a movement to force them to do that. Okay, I'm going to have a movement. Yeah, I already did. Yeah, that I'm a tight spot. Tough, tough always shows you, is I'm a little bit as realises, but people leave the bagels, what's the name of that joint? Bigger high, bigger high. Yeah, see, you think that you're trying to, he's reflecting the anti-Semitic business, you know, I think. In fact, people when I came out to work. I didn't want to come in this morning and said, Christian and talk has just to show how Jewish he's become. Anyway, it's an I'm an executive tenet five, sixty WQAM, got a lot of some lots of stuff they're encoding. That story about what you lead to my poll today, which I'm sure will have a bitter disagreement about. Those of you nerds out there and me, but that's okay. Because it's usual I'm writing you wrong. This must have happened when I was away. Oh, yeah, it didn't. In fact, it was three days before I came back. I'm seeing this. I'll just 29th have happened. This Italian kid who was here for the Xeim program, tourist shot in Lottedale begins joining back home, paralyzed in a wheelchair, back to Italy. Nice girl on top, Laura. You're not, you mean yet. I'm going to tell you right now, that's one thing that where we really fell down on. We could have given a much stronger answer, but he's penis is pants. He doesn't want to get the nut gun, that's all crazy. He doesn't want to offend the NLA too much. So we give a real wish he was. He answered your benign. This country is sick with guns and people with guns. And you're right, guns don't kill people. Crazy people with guns. You're a sponsor of people with guns. People who live more on for their kids with guns. They kill people. Right, right on, FNA. No question to further know, because you could be a fairly successful information at WCLM, D.C. Black Panther Group Incorporate. Yeah, get better. You want to go now to your closing statements, Governor Burshius, first, thank you, James. What I care about is failure. And you know what? It can happen in America with a right-hand leadership. Surely this nation can come together to encourage doctors to take the lives of our seniors. Can I come in on that? I would sign a law banning that procedure. If I'm in trucked with a presence, the here are the choices that I will make. I'll cut self care for squirch and drug, education, and national defense put our budget into deficit. Raise interest rates. I can't put your man. I can't let the man continue to hide the leaves that a government bridge is a national F. Correct, but, all right. That's just totally wrong. I'll wait a minute. It's just totally false. I'm going to stand up here and say that. Thank you. Thank you so much. 10 15 to 5 60 WCLM. Here's a website that you might be interested in for all your citrus canker people that are outwards. I know that this is it's building to a crescendo. Not will major crisis in this community. As people are starting to scream and hollow and carry on. Florida Citrus Outrage, all one word. www. FloridaCitrusOutrage.com. Now, what's on there, I don't know. But it was put together by some people or just as our wages many of you are in Georgia's. Another people pushed off and fired up. And the owner of that dog, whose pictures in the paper, they're not the owner, but the dog. More are we about that story. It just makes me want to bark, makes me want to plook. And it's part of the fact is that we have here in the state. Thanks to Governor Jeb Bush. And let me tell you again, the apple doesn't fall far from the tree. This is the mentality these people. The stormtroopers come in there, knocking on your door. And if you don't do whatever they tell you, they're going to call the police. They're going to have the police arrest you ask, which is happened to happen yesterday. Because you got to get all better to shake and pull the shotgun and figure out if I property and they call the police and arrested. Because the answer to the rest of the poofam on our ear. How do you like that? The stormtroopers, the citrus stormtroopers. In this goddamn police state. And how does that prostitution ring come in by the way? Anybody hear anyone about that? Oh, I didn't think so. Channel 4 and 6 and 7 and 10. And a freaking money held in the sun center. Will you great and investigate and report us out there? Just pathetic. Somebody must be paying all you people off to to turn the other cheek. Back home, back to. Must be a lot of pay off scol on this time because nobody could be that stupid. Nobody could have all the time or that bet that everybody in town just collectively forgot about that story out the same time. So we can't do anything about arresting cops that are running prostitution rings and bustling and putting on the front page of the paper. We're going to come to knocking people's doors down and killing their dogs and cats and making a police officer sick to wear stomach and putting on a hospital no less. She was in the hospital overnight. She was so sick. Oh, no. We didn't have no. And the interesting part of it is for a bunch of guys who didn't have no chemicals or nothing. It's really interesting that the crew called ass was called the police and took off but all this stuff before the police showed up. Yeah. They called ass. And all the way would have a chemical if they had. And it's going to be really interesting in the next few days or a couple of weeks because it takes too long because the laboratories are back up for weeks. But the most tests to come in from the dog and the cat and the other people that were inhaling in the spray-bind. And we find out what dangerous chemical that it wasn't among you. And it wasn't so absurd. Whatever else they claimed it was, then you're going to see the first one. Then you're going to see some serious, very fat smelly lawsuit. And guess who's going to have to line up pants? Please, those lawsuit. You folks are going to have to pay. That's right. On the first day. The taxpayers are to stay. But I just mention that in passing. WWEWDOT Florida Citrus Outrage, all one word, Florida Citrus Outrage.com. Here's our poll for today. Before we get to the poor Marine, doubt in New York Times, we're going to have to take a closer look at the Colomostiabog Gore. And about the fact that Gore is running away from Clinton and what he's mentioning is name, it's said it. And so, however, there's a really interesting paragraph in here. Am I reading this, selected late? You, but she says, as WWEWDOT, the inside of his lips and looks hunched, vacant and played out, you just had an image of a handful of sabaas, as he sniffled, snorted and siffed through his brain. Trying to remember if a situation called for, I trust people not government or leave no child behind or the partisan vickering has to stop or governor's leave. That's what we do. If that doesn't sum it up, perfective, she doesn't have a summary on it. I don't know who does. Right on it. All those little, tight cliches. For every question, doesn't make you on it. And, like she said, he's trying to figure out which one to come up with now. Where do I stick it and it cliched too? Wayne Kailish will have a regular listeners by as sure, thanks you says. I went to my local boarders yesterday, evening to purchase Paul the Gallows book, they had put in the last copy of side for somebody else. I searched the web and found it at ecampus.com for eight dollars and forty cents. How do you like that? You can buy this book for a little more than eight books. And free shipping. Just like in my one light year listeners know, go panter's question mark. Go who? Come on. I did the right thing last night. I actually figured it was stupid. Better than the rest than I made the right choice. So anyway, ecampus.com you get the book as a regular person. This is 12 bucks. Plus tax of course. $8.40 from ecampus.com. Is our travel learning by George W. W. I'm by a part of the Gallows. Here's Paul question today. The United States is one of these, well, the United States is. And I got three choices for it here. One of the safest, most civilized countries in the world. Second choice. No better or worse than most countries for violent. Third choice. A slaughterhouse filled with good nuts and scumbags. Now what are you smoking about again? Every time I give the full choice and you smoke like a... A smoke you're not eating. You were smoking. Yeah, a little bit. Which reminds me of speaking of smuggling. Share a lot of old friend Diody. Remember when she said her daughter to Israel? See, this is the thing. It's a bad idea to send your kids to Israel. I'm going to tell you why. We'll see there are one of those student exchange programs. And one of those deals. There'll be a professional doing to Israel program. Sometimes I got a book. Yeah, she was on a cub board. So I was so wonderful that we're killing some. Oh, it came back and right away she became fanatical. And she made sure a kosher to house and a reading kosher. And they had a 45 different sets of dishes. Remember how long that lasted for about the... How many days did it last? Yeah, yeah, at the most. Nine of the children for a cheeseburger. Yeah, right. Tell I went to Wendy's. Just more of the saying. If you want your kids to be fanatical, religious, not static, great-paste to send them. Israel. I just mentioned... We wanted you to hear talk about Israel today. And the Arab is the five-bistnails. No. No. What could Jordan do you want to get next time? He's bringing me an answer to ill if it's grand son. He's also got a schmatter in his own bed. Anyway, let me get the reason I'm asking that per question today. I was away. It was a couple days before I had my famous fall and the red light district in Amsterdam and broke my two ribs in my hand. August 29th. And the other reason that I've seen the stories because yesterday they showed this kid in the wheelchair. And when they mentioned he's going back to Italy right away. My ears really perk up because having been in Italy so many times and realizing how safe it is to be in Italy. Whether it's in Belon, Europe, or in Zorro, Roma, or in Elonol, which are the cities that have been in there. People are really, and I didn't really get murdered in Italy. In fact, really get murdered in Western Europe. Really get shot. Really, really, really except for London, which of course is not on the mainland. And as a result, let them lose their soul. They're going crazy then bed bugs over there. First shot in Waterdale begins journey back home. For Waterdale, his arms traveled as he pushed himself a few inches out of his wheelchair and his face unshaved and be spectable, strained with a exertion of movement that before August 29th was so simple. And Andreas Stella is beginning to accept that he likely will never again play soccer or ski and is made of Italy. I don't realize it yet he said, blanking it is legs still still uncovering with the white sheet. There are sometimes a depression and anger he said, and sometimes you're happy because you have your family or girlfriend, your friend. It's been a tough adjustment carefully. He reached in law school graduate on vacation to paraplegically cooperating some gunshot wounds in hospital thousands of miles from the town of PNA where he was born and raised. I want to be at the New England again as you're any back home. On Tuesday, his only interviews since the shooting still declined to discuss what happened after he pulled up towards friends apartment around in 2020 P.M. Police said he was likely shot by one of three men who followed him in his black must think and wrote a letter to the black must think it's a terrible hoping to rob him. The minister said he was shot in the stomach and back, firefighters arrested in the brow general medical center in critical condition. Over the next few weeks, Stella Congo, I thought his repair is livered and other organs but they couldn't fix the damage to his spinal column. After the shooting, a week after the shooting, police arrested two men in the 15 year old and charged him with a robbery of a sandwich shop on some ice bullet bar about eight minutes before the Stella shooting. Detectives theorized the three followed Stella after seeing and drive by the rat in the racie black and riddle and shot in shortly after he arrived at the distance apartment complex. But police haven't gathered enough evidence to file additional charges against the three yet. He's a veteran traveler who is to Africa and Europe. He knew to keep a little profile and they treated were inexpensive clothing to take off as much when traveling alone, etc. and so on. But he made the bad mistake of coming here, not only to this country, but to this slaughterhouse, to this armed border. And even what people would think the Iowa Venice would be a safe part of town guess what? Was it a safe part of town? No. And if it does to enough that it was the three scumbags who were in the number of the subway shop on the summer of Boulevard, if it is them, because they could join the surveillance video on television which they have of those three scumbags that robbed the subway sandwich shop, twerters. Yeah. Scumbags fartes. See, I'm going to say it again. Maybe you don't like it. I really don't care what the elected are not. But the amount of violent crime, the lack of regard for human life, among the dark, complexed people in this country, and I'm not saying all, I'm not generalizing, but way, way too many. It's unacceptable. It's unfreecaent acceptable. How many times do we seem to show? You think they're only selectively sure on the surveillance tapes when the people in the scumbags that are committing these crimes happen to be black? You think it's just selectively all the right crowd of the plot? Yeah, that's right. It's another crack of plot and all the white people are committing these crimes. They conveniently lose it. Or maybe just that your tape was a running good that night. Camera wasn't working. I don't buy it. Too much of this scumbag crime is being committed by dark folks. So instead of hearing all this whining going on, now all this belonging about the million family marcher to million man, Marko's other clips. Just like that poorly took a couple of days ago. Lack of responsibility. Good in education. Good in brain. Speed responsible. Good in set of values. In start acting like human beings. That's my suggestion to that segment of the dark community in this country who will make it a slaughterhouse. I'm going to say that they're doing the dangerous ones. This country is truly is that the heaven travel as much as I have. This country is really barbaric. And the fact that the NRA is the third highest contributor to the Bush campaign, you'll tell you a lot of what you need to know. The time from the fact that Philip Morris and the tobacco people are the number one contributor. And number four is the pharmaceutical companies to help make sure. And he even came out and said the other night. He doesn't want lower prices. He's not for generic drugs. He wants to everybody, not just all of the people that have to pay through the nose. And that's why the pharmaceutical companies are Jones and get him in there. They do almost anything you could have done in there. So all those crap about who's the most like a girl and who smiles the most and who's got the best personality. And now this, well, how are we talking about? We're talking about your wife or Christchurch and we're worried about who's the most likeable. You know, if he, if he was like Reagan, which you know Reagan was Amy Abor, he was an actor. He was, you know, he had that even though he looked old and confused all the time. But he was likeable. Kind of a goofy kind of like, there's nothing likeable about this guy. I mean, the fact that his opponent is a cigar store Indian, that kind of personality. Yeah, I guess if he has to make the comparison, they're all kind of an issue with that. See, and then what kind of a goddamn pro is that special Schneider? You idiot. You see, when you wanted drag, I mean, the people are geniuses like I said before in the first place. But when you want to drag everything down to the lowest possible common denominator. When you want to make spinality with the, what it's all about, then that's, that's your media here. That's what they do best. 26 after 10 or 5, 60 WKP. Only in the banana republic baby, only in Miami. We run cold day free. I think we'll live with a triple wick by 80 WKP. That's the era of people. And if I have to go, if I just say I need to be with that, you know, you're happy to go and live on it to crack city. I go to the third world and pass around it to about who the pilot is. Yeah, they go into sagged areas to the fulking nightclubs. Yeah, I go into sagged areas and they stand at the mandrum. And that means all you get is in a group of jump. I never go to that city without packing my bed. Yeah, jeez, knock, cold air free. I know that every dollar is dead. I still feel cratching a lot to you. That's it. You're not a big girl. Some with buck bones with intersection working for free. The whole neighborhood is dead. So, you know, we're not able to come, but be happy. Erm, we've been got everybody. I know. It's best news today. But we're on the highway. The cloud that pulls us about. As death blocks you two from the jubilant city. And as lifedork angles and. Theeh sirdes. I know. I'm going to go in to the city and I'm going to film my friends. And I'm going to go in to the city. You can tell them that I'm going to the city. And that's my run. I'm going to the city. So I've been better, dear. You rock so, and you breathe. And three, and then, oh, this is the digital view. And then, help that. Can you do it, David? Oh, please. Oh, please. Oh, please. Oh. And thirdly, three, five, six, the W.K. and my Ivan, who wrote that Shrad Book Trump. Shrad Shrad. Right. Bush, not only, uh, amply demonstrated his vending, when speaking a bit of bait, but also was so profoundly misleading on his supposed role in Texas patients' Bill of Rights, that I have to conclude knowing we lied. It's possible to not know what he confused about a lot of things, but Bush cannot possibly believe what he said. Being as a matter of fact, that brought Republicans Democrats together and do just that and said, Texas, to get a patient's Bill of Rights through. He was there. I was there and that's flat on true she says. He reviewed the details of the Bill of Rights. Really, so it was clear that he had recently prepped on the subject. To add insult to injury, Bush went on to claim. But we did something else that was interesting. We were one of the first actually re-first states that he could sue an HMO for denying one proper coverage. But his call to patients Bill rights was actually a package of bills, only one of which was ever controversial. That's the bill, Bush hated so much of refused to sign it. He had to be talked out of vetoing it because the veto would not stand in the legislature. Texas representative Hugo Barrayanga, who was chairman of the Public Health Committee at the time, and Kim Ross lobbyists for the Texas Medical Association, and he was the president of the State Department. In 1995, first year as governor, the Texas legislature passed the patient's Bill of Rights and George W. Bush vetoed it. In 1997, the legislature passed very much the same patient's Bill of Rights this time by a veto movement juridic and Bush refused to sign the crucial settlement of the bill to very one he branded about. That in Texas, he can sue an HMO for denying the coverage. He refused the sign because he hates trial orders and didn't want him to be able to sue HMOs. That's what the whole fight was about for two sessions. The first new desire of the credit that Bush agreed to fully took for bringing the R's and B's together in support of the strong Bill is Republican state center did David Sibler of Waco. Bush was an impediment throughout the entire process. No one expects Bush to know the difference between Chairman Miridan and Burazovky, or even Drake Lera Houseke, but the one subject that he supports to know about is the state of Texas. In the course of these debates, he claimed that the governor of Texas appoints state Supreme Court Justice, which is a hopeless hour. He'd run with great relish on the claim that all three killers, the most notorious murder case of our time got the death penalty, only two of them did. And Bush, in fact, did nothing to stop a hate crimes, Bill, which was the legislature's effort to bring something good out of the case from stalling, and now he claims that he passed the patient's bill of rights, which in fact was passed in spite of it. If Al Gore had twisted the truth as grossly as Bush did on the patient's bill of rights, every Republican and Merkel would be screaming liar, liar, liar. It's harder to tell if Bush actually believes his repeat a claim that he's a leader of the Greens Republican Democrats together, that he possibly think he residents and since they see Lieutenant Governor Bob Bollock was running the state, I'm not sure which would be troubling if he knows it's not true or actually thinks it is. I've tried repeatedly to explain to non-texants just how weak and offensive the governor's ship of Texas is, but even if Bush suffers from the illusion that he has a powerful job, he must know he doesn't work working by anyone's measure. The New York Times had just discovered with an era of great wounded that Bush doesn't even work nine to five, and then he knocks off work every day for a couple of hours to jog and play video games. This is your future president of the United States who's not only a compulsive liar about things of substance, issues of substance, but also doesn't grow goddamn things. Excellent. Here's more water down, huh? Hey, good morning, Neil. Yes sir. I've just the first part of your thing on the Pifferscancer. Yeah. This situation, I'm really tired, I haven't seen you about it. I case the master's off my street because they were supposed to be here. But it's worse than the papers reported. They've kept on avocado trees and I don't know if you know what they are prepared. So it's still the first also. Great. Well, I'll try to get one of each of the animals with a ignore and the arcage. Yeah, I mean, that's the first thing I want to discuss with you but in the also, they're getting a million dollars bonus for you think, can you spend the end of the offer? More than that great. Well, here's, let me ask you, where's that money going to come from? Yeah, you and I. They're getting a big bonus thing cut down more trees and they get a hundred dollars per tree to cut down. And this thing in court, if they stop, then they don't get that million and we'll have to pay the millions and the lawsuits that they're going to line up with judgments again. Well, not only that, but it can get even worse. We hope on nurseries who are not allowed to get on the cut. We'll never offer those. You certificate to replace the trees, all in the Walmart. There you go. I was in my case. Yeah. The second thing is, one of our integral, one of our political parties just died. Go, Paul. Yeah. It's been two years, two years, a bit. Go, Paul. Yeah. Communist Party. Right. Yeah. Well, he did. Okay, well, that's good news. Thank you. He probably knows, and Richard, that famous communist former governor of Texas, then we had that, you know, called originally from the Rocky Esthetic, by some of the Unifall right wing refutters was the Fed-Azland Voucher. Long Fed-Az. 22-11 at 5.50 WQM. The Neil Roger show, coach sports radio, 5.60. Two, eight. And I got to keep your shots in straight men. Oh, God. Everybody's taking a run to now. No, not baby. Say, go there, I'm bar-shed. Get this so thin and shadowed, making you new now. No, not baby. Say, go there, boss. No, not the business. It's the easy to do. You just walk on a day. If you stick and glue. To come on, come on. Go ahead. You can feel the budget on me. I'm 43 at 5.50. You're WQM. Happy Thursday today. I just want to read a couple of more things from Malay Ivanov's column that I read the first part before about George W. She's a common section, pointed out from Mr. Colorgram newspaper in Austin, Texas. She says I've thought that since he first ran, let me say it again. That's since he first ran George W. Bush was too light to be Governor of Texas. Frankly, I can't imagine, anyone would consider him for president. He's not smart. He doesn't know much and doesn't work hard. The truth is he's not terribly interested in government or Howard W. They're not going to find a way he's running. He's a nice fellow. I've always liked him. I like lots of people. I don't think you should be president. And I read that just now. And I thought to myself, that's the same thing. Paul the Gallo business book. He was also from Texas and those in well and life, and personally. And maybe that's why he's stupid. Paul's on CNN about the most more likeable. Yeah. He's a likeable guy. There's a lot of people I know in life. That doesn't mean they ought to be president. Of a likeable guy. Yeah. George is a likeable guy. Shouldn't he president? Oh, no. George is not easy guy. They may be legal alien. Well, I feel like that show on the Middle East. I think George for president. Oh, no. Looks like Paul the Gallo-Cinion State. She didn't let me finish. You know, Mr. Nobody interested in that kid, for Middle East. Like when they had grouped the dead German tourists came out. This is America for it. So a big joke. People for the rest of the world come here in this slaughterhouse. People who can generally speak and do safe wherever they are. And they come here and got shit and killed by gun crazy nuts. It was possible. The lunatic run around with gun like a wild west. And then so we make a joke out of it. Oh, yes. The dead German terrorist. Ah, ah. Pretty funny, huh? Pretty funny. And you wonder why in the rest of the world they look at us like a slaughterhouse. Like a bunch of barbarians, which is the way I voted on our full of course, which is leading at the moment 24. All of a, in second place 22, one of the safest, most civilized countries in the world. That's obviously from people who've never left the Barricani. Never even been the dead. Because even if you ever been in the dark County, would you ever say that? No. And nobody ever was in the most of the country's violence 12. That's the way our pull was run and so far. So when it's, in fact, he's back there now because he left yesterday on Alotania back in Italy. So it's part of the fact that the family was very humble and they thanked the Barricani, the general hospital and all the people that helped with this health and so on. That's not primarily what they're going to be talking about back there in Italy. You think so? No. I doubt it. They're going to become all their friends and everybody they know do not go to the US. It's a gun crazy place where people get shot. Just while they're doing their normal course of life, mind of their own business, they get shot. I need to kill or the next best thing to it. Here's plantation. Hello. Plantation. Going on. Wrong gone. Okay. Let me mention, look for the a few end van from now from the Welfare Clock to the one. At the Hurtis on the corner of Pines and University in Pemberpines, you can get your Abestinal CDs and cassette. Those nifty. K-chains and the Abestine. And the Abestine is still which is your the best ever. That's Hurtis on the corner of Pines and University in Pemberpines, some 11 and just a few minutes to want to clock. Here's a calling, Boca. Hello. I stayed up from what's that pamphlet game was. I'm so sorry. It's terrible. Okay. Now a couple of fact, she leave an elbow. George Bush could re-relector with 70% of the bobe text. So, so we should have the job he did in the first four years. Yeah. We like this guy. I must be a, yeah. And the leading Democrat, the leading Democrat politicians in the field. I think he called yesterday and said the same thing. No, I didn't believe it. So we, the leader you did. So we, the issue did you call the experience. You said, we, you want to put it on the table so you played every day. I did call, I talked about that. I told you, you know, well, it's all good. And then you said, yes, you did. Can I show you the number of the voice and I just need to see. I love this. When I knew somebody who wants to call and say the same thing. Make the same speech every day. And they pretend they're like, you know, I can't hear what I'm saying. Bush is good with the state of kind of things. How do you know that? He's neck and neck with poor neck and neck and neck and floor. If it was over, wait up to that. And then Bush's brother is the governor of the same thing. We have it. Which he was supposed to win by a land. I won the world. The people who know well, who are better. Because there's a bunch of red neck, yeah, who right wingers in Tennessee. What's all this at prove? I'll prove anything. You can't, you can't pay. You can't say that about people. That's not nice. You got fired. Oh, it's not nice. Well, having it's not a nice country. Okay, there's a lot of dumb people out there. Don't say that about people. It's not nice. Looking at mirror pal. That's not nice, either. You can't say that about people. I hate to break the news. You're probably never been in Tennessee. Mr. I don't work there for one month. For the longest month of my life at WLAC in Nashville, Tennessee in October of 1980. Before another coast election, one of not being close because they had the hot springs in Iran. And because of that Iran country would be elected, made a make a full lot of Jimmy Carter. And all the other in the double-due generation in the oil, I have been bargo. Would you refer to Europe again? Yeah, I remember that real well. Kind of see. I know what it's all about. They were, they are born the ordinary way in Tennessee. They're hatched in big eggs in the oil and you end with Jackson K. They have all these big eggs back there and they hatched those Tennesseeans out of there. Even orange match I think was born in Tennessee. Well, you can't look not nice. But I've talked in nice. We're talking about who else is going to have his finger on the goddamn button. Who's going to make decisions, the effect is, who's going to appoint Supreme Court Justice of the next 30 or 40 or 50 years that are going to make life in that decision? That are going to take away rights from women and every other guy there. My naughty group in this country. We're not talking about playing a ball game. So we're talking about a presidential freaking election. And I got news from all said again, and which is it's got more intelligence and a little finger in one knuckle of a little finger. Then George W. Scott has entered. God damn spoon fed body. And anybody with a brain knows that. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah, come on here. The stage of great reason. Yes, I am. New York, did you see Roger Ebert interview on softball last night? No, first Matthews. No, he did not. He was right on point with that you were saying. He was saying, how can the people be banborsal by this media high set or making George Bush out to be a nice guy? And he's, he's going to have everybody. And he was ignoring the fact that if you look through it all, who is really the better person to do the job? And it's poor. I mean, he did not be his best personality, which he would really admitted. But it's command of, of what's going on in the government, how to run the government and nation is far superior to George Bush. So, yeah, based upon that, I am calling out to all of the responsible and I am kind of a, I'm not too loud, but I thought it's not over public. Which includes myself, not to vote for Bush. You're talking about that and I'm working for the working and things. Okay. So I got an early in off and down. I'm going to say again, because if they're staying right even at that 4% including here in the state of Florida 4% and all of you young idealistic silly people that think that Ralph Nader is going to be the Messiah and we do the promised land. You're dreaming, all you're doing is showing the way you're booked. And it would be like the Bush people saying, hey, go ahead and vote for Papu cannon. A vote for Buchanan is a vote for Gore and a vote for Nader is a vote for Bush. It doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure that out. So while you're bush people or kind of like a wondering, vote for Papu cannon. If Bush isn't extreme right for enough oil, which it probably should be. But if you're in quite right wing enough, vote for Papu cannon if you're a little bush. That's a good idea. Including all those right wing Julios, which have no again bad management, bad campaign, the gross staff wasting a lot of time down here in Little Havana and they're all this stress that they're all this Spanish language video stations are full of the bush spots in the McCollum spot. But of course they are because the people who are listening to those stations are the old two-plus crowd that we had done with the alien business months after month. Is there any chance that those people are going to vote for Gore? Oh, nobody wasting your resources in time for. It's the same bad advice you got on pandering to them. But at alien business with his commonly any other comments that back in the spring. Illadvised. If Gore loses this election, it's not because he's not the smarter and the more qualified candidates. It's because he's got a poor. How many times he had a change already? Some people in this town don't change their underwear. There's obviously change campaign staff. Then of course after the Democratic Convention and Gore opened up about a 10-room point leave, and then Bush had to remake himself. Although it still sounds to me, I wouldn't remember like that, but he's going to move this one a little bit more or less of a text just raw. Here's Kendall, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir? Good morning. I went to our website, you gave, right? The one of the Florida Ventures outreach. Right. And you know, it's interesting that it was reading it and it says that, Jed Bush did the executive order for the circuses to be, you know, cut down it. I just said before, right. Exactly. You know what? I want to do some work, go out. I want to acknowledge your show, but all the time, radio, my B. I want to be. I want to be, Connie, I'm going to be sending these people who are still first to force. I want to part of look, it's a brother who's in charge of this. If you people are angry that you're losing your trees and all that, and if you're doing this, imagine what George E. Boy is going to do and watch. I'm sure I did this for Cancelsman. I'll tell you something after the third of the day, because I was a little bit angry with the Democrats with the Indian incident. I'm changing my mind. I'm voting for Gorgon. Nice one, pal. Oh, yes. Okay, Christopher, I'm offended. Break it. Yeah, this is, if you're in fact, if you vote for Bush, the rumor, I'm here in the last couple of minitaries that if you wake up the day after you're rushing, you're going to have a chunk around your echo. And so I'm here, no, the chunk of people. A big, losing body chunker. And that guy that called to be causing a, you know, something, if you're forced, that's fine. A lot of people are saying, we should have got a vote for Bush. That's okay. But don't, don't call me every day with the same stupid little speech. You're not fooling me. My Alzheimer's is a long way from Coloplani. Okay, he doesn't remember your call or much of anything else. You say, Nancy, who? He says he has Jane one and still alive. There's a lady in plantation, hello. Tell me. That too. Okay. About that time, I had a call before from Tennessee, it was saying, don't talk about people. He's not from Tennessee. He was talking about how Gorgon's, they're making a comment. Okay, that's fine. He's never been, the person he's been to Tennessee was Palm Beach County line. That's probably right. One of the things that I really liked about seeing Roger Ebert, I'm sorry you didn't see it on Harbore yesterday, because I know some of you just mentioned it. I would have loved her seeing it. Roger Ebert is not a punten. So he was giving his honest, he was about the only person that could actually infer the American public is a stupid. He said to Chris, he'll go on an intelligent person. He said, are you an intelligent person? And then he said, he said, George Bush makes smile a lot, but his policies are not warm and fuzzy. He's actually, he said, he doesn't want all people to have health care for the Christians. He doesn't want women to have abortions. He wants everyone to have a gun in their house. He said, how warm is that? Yeah. We are not electing a prom date. Taking a gun into church, that's pretty warm and fuzzy if you have any. And then Chris Matthews, who, oh my God, he's trying to elect Bush on his own. So something about actually worried about you know, Gordon, Gordon, and you know, actually, he said, and so Ebert said, what can he have a partial host as a president? Yeah. But anyway, he was great. Sorry, Mr. Thanks. And now he even said the way was on equal time last night. She was? Yeah. Mr. Oliver Goods-South. And I have an article she wrote in Mother Jones from 1992 that I've got all these years about all the Bush brothers. It's really great. Okay, thanks. Get my regards to that. I'm going out and trying to book today. Okay, thank you. Barbara Bush said she thought that girl would hit son. Ready for this? Former First Lady Barbara Bush, aka Martha Washington, said on Thursday morning today, she was worried that Vice President Al Gore would hit her son, George W. during their final president's older base this week. And in interview with ABC's Good Morning America program, this is Bush criticized Gore that Democratic presidential nominee for his aggressive standard in the third presidential debate with her son. I thought it was going to hit George. Said Mrs. Bush, why is her former president, George? It sort of scared me. This is the same Barbara Bush by the way that told her son that he'd never make it. He'd never get elected governor of Texas. Because I guess she knew him better than most the Texans did. Mrs. Bush said she didn't watch the first debate between the two candidates. And she did not like people unfairly criticizing her children. I was bad to board about that. She said she's a bad sport. And speaking of Brigadier for in policy, you have that same sad I'm who's saying the same one that's a daddy. But off the hook there, even when the general's talking about you know what, here's Colin Powell. And here's the other big fat one. Here's all these great that weren't here, Ozer there with the with W. But the fact is that they wanted to finish off the job and daddy said, oh no. And that's why here we are all these years later. And we still got the same trouble screwed over there. He's at all this time to build up all his goddamn nuclear weapons, whatever the hell I'll see. He's a weapon destruction and death person. Boys including that's right. For the cash to have any of those CBS shows including survivors they've tried to bring it back again. Yeah, sad him. He's still over there because daddy was a win. What was that a great choice talk about a win the 88. Bush and the caucus. Wow. Yeah, you don't really want to be present. They enjoyed. I don't know. 1056 is five 60 W to come in fact. They even out with jewelry women which is saying a lot. And he was on this morning. What was show was that? He was on the street. Wow. I think that you're being really unfairly critical in hearing. I think that the VGNs would be a little bit more tolerant of our ideas. 480-560 W to play F by heavy court mother. A measly broadcast group station W to play F dot com. Well, ladies, dumb have dirt. Gentlemen, closing statements. You began Senator Benjamin. Bernie Algo and I are committed to making America's public schools Pumbling classrooms. I have tried very hard in my career to act in a way that brings down the institutions of government and each of us individually. And for a while, I was doing a life of dossa and the deeper I got that time is up to 100. Thank you, sir. This is secretary George Bush is a good man. A non-obnant man and then a pie cactus. And I'm an abortion. I'm going to form the social security system so that senior citizens suffer this winter. You'll make a first-rank president. Secretary of State, ladies and gentlemen, we thank you. Alright. One of our two at five is to say, I just heard you, ladies and gentlemen, voice and I start cringing. I mean, Dick Cheney forget about it. He's slick. Oh, and speaking of Dick Cheney, and this has been kept very quiet. Very, very quiet. But by 21 margin, that for whatever reason they didn't make a big hoopla by who won that debate. And it was supposed to be a coincidence that Bush's members went scarwalking up after not anyone in his debate, but after the vice presidential or debate. 21 margin people felt that Cheney won the debate because you really reminiscently wouldn't be any let him get off the hook and they could make him seem like a very moderate reasonable guy and had a very civilized comment. And then the next day could understand why Cheney was being so dub-dick and making all those cost of comments and going on the attack. Yeah. So anybody thought, are you old Jews out there who think that the agreement is an asset to those tickets, you're dreaming? Because first of all, the very quietly in these polls, suppressing the top of the anti-Semite across the country, and a George Kiddler, or a B.L.B. where. But that's one thing. And number two, he said you got a day in Wimb and he let Cheney, like I just said, make him self-repair whatever he wanted to be. He spun himself like a reasonable guy. And leave him a hand at all. Still, understanding out of it, oh, well, that was such a wonderful. That was a real debate. That's a very, really ought to be. But, well, yes, real crap. And the B.L. is a healthy and heated and serious change of ideas and differences. Not a key party. Here, have another bagel. You know, that kind of crap. On some cream cheese, we'll live without chives. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pom, 5, 60. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. CDS News is a great website, cds.com. And if you want to see stuff about the election and the polls right up to date. That's what the day shows in the popular vote, Gore 42. I mentioned this before. Gore 43% vs 42. And the electoral college, it's as close as it is tight as the which is, uh, black and ass. Gore leading in 14 states. And that is true to Columbia with the total 200, 8 electoral votes. Which reason 23 states with 105 votes. The remaining 15 states with the total of 125 are considered too close to Carl. Can't possibly get any closer, even the popular electoral college. Now that professor from FIU, on Marino, then the butterberg's name is, Rita Marino. Uh, he seems to be a very good point. That is that the players are taken in English language only, so they missed the old green two two leos. So even though Bill Nelson looks like he's 7 points ahead of Bill in the calm right now, and even though Gros has been a couple of points ahead of version 4, pretty much for last few weeks, uh, it's imperative imperative that everybody else vote. Because it's going to be very tough for you to evocative in the winemes state where they all green two, because they don't show on the polls. But they didn't come out, all of the day come out. And do their thing. You just something you keep in mind is the next one motivated to go 4 or 5 times on November 7. Here's a lady mobile and palm beach hello. The morning, yeah. Yes, man. Let's watch it. Let's listen to this. Um, We mean that there's been good benefits from the fish captain, or call it a 1% 2. And my husband is a commentary public end. God help me. We are voting for Gourmet. I do like that. Yeah, for one reason only my right picture. That's it. We just had a daughter and my husband changed his team. He was very being in against the portion, but now change if he wants to see my little girl. He's like, God forbid evading happens to her. Right. So, what are you, Mr. Gopan up there ears? And did you notice how can stick you with your wife by the absence that Jim Lerod didn't pick any questions about abortion? Right. Where's your wife? I'm not sure. But you just so scared to pick that subject. I convinced my husband he would put her little girl, but it's probably good luck. That's it. Good for you. Have a good day. But over your nonsense we don't. I will. Yeah, in fact, I think the little daughter that was just going to be voting to his matter. That's the way we're going to do it. You know, the set of abortion was scared of their feet in. If you're from my opponent, only vote one. Yeah, here's the real card man. So, now we're getting to the middle of matter. Four people think he's a lot of old guy, but that's poor or contrary to that goofballer on CNN. What's his name? The role of the polls that I just mentioned before, and I can never think of his name with the glasses. The dude goes shitheader. Yeah. Oh, and he's trying to make comparisons between Kennedy and Nixon and Yadiyada. All the factors that Kennedy and Nixon have been bothered to shave as you. You were looking for he didn't bother to shave, and it will be because it was the first televised debate. It was a video thing. First of course, the fact that the old man bought up a couple of states to make sure the JK won. Thank God. But I just love the way the so-called hundreds and shatters won the worst of them, which possibly the post or even, how they keep trying to draw comparisons between things that were like 40 years ago, because that had nothing to do with the left corner right now. And the only sad part about what's happening today is the market was also good. Starting now, and Green Span is going to open up his big mouthful later today, and I have a feeling that at all the gains we made this morning are going to wind up going down the trail. I could be wrong, I hope. I'm going to get to this in a minute. Criven is our child remaining about the pollution. It about the kids gagging and choking, and not being able to breathe a guy in the air in Texas largely due to his policies, which of course they don't discuss doing these debates. Because it might scare somebody. Here's a moment when Hollywood, how long? Yes, sir. I'm glad to ask a couple of scholars to mention that about the Chris Matthews piece on M.S.M.S. I wouldn't be watching him because he makes my stomach hurt. Well, he does my soup, but I saw what this name is, the movie guy on there. And all of a sudden he started, he was, and he said, finally, somebody is saying, what I fear opinion that I had about the debate. And he was saying the point that he made, what's, how would you like to have a push on a plane going over to sit down across from the back and the air? Yeah, all in. And have him try to mediate up ahead and this because it's usually just the president and the two other signs, how do you like to have push in there? He'd be probably probably want to find out if the worst bank was just savings and loan. I didn't really think about it. And what, what a meal involvement. It would be scary. And one more thing that I didn't hear anybody mention about this about the debate, was that he said one thing, and then the next, his next position, was completely opposite. He said, we can't be the peacekeepers of the world, indicating that we need to eat doesn't want to put money into peacekeeping forces around the world, where we're not involved in military exercises. But then the next time he said anything, he said, we have to be, do we have to keep the peace in the world? I said, wait a minute, you can't put it to the sea for both things. You can't do it. You have to keep the peace. Well, I don't know why you say that because he always told us about how he believes in the people and how to make it our own choices. And then he turns around and says, we're going to call it. But when it comes to abortion, you can't make your own choices about your own body. So at least he's consistent. He's consistently full of cramps. Well, you need to be kept to the feet of a fire. And you know, some of those journalists that he was making fun of, like all of those journalists, you know, there are the people that need to speak up and say, hey, he's staying one thing. And he's going around. Well, when you go, does it when Glamics is in his aduration because he's given some bad information by his aide or say something that may be like the real one, sir, or so. I'm going to say it again. She only stood in the class for one day. He got bum information, but the fact is, sir, sort of newspaper had a big article about the fact that lots and lots of other kids in that in sir, or so to hide had a standard classroom days on ends because they weren't enough seats in the classroom. They had no place to sit down. But the media, they kind of looked like they were in two seconds of less. And the rest of the time, oh, he went another one of his mistakes. Yeah, he exaggerated times. And again, loads of it because he gets bad advice. But he didn't just come out and ball face why, like, nobody does like I just got through a ton about about the crap that he didn't pecks us all, yeah, patience still or why it's my bad ass. And the three, then the three, a motor is going to get the, got executed. Right. Well, throughout a three-eight bad George. But for some reason, he's got the same teflon that Ronnie had. He's got that Republican teflon coating and everything just seems to rub right off. Come out of the Sanctuary 11 at five, 60 WQX. It just keeps getting bigger. Rayleigh from the Clark Athletics Center at the University of Massachusetts, and Boston, Andrew Lera of the NewsHour on PBS. And I welcome you to the first of three, I'm in the base between the Democratic candidate President by President Al Gore and the Republican candidate, Governor George W. Bush of Texas. Let me just say that a Jim, if I could just, I was quick enough, I need to move on. I know that. That you, here's the asset, I said, Jim, I said, Jim, let me say something. Now, I understand, I just, excuse me, I just, I mean, I have to accept that, but, you know, can I make one of the, you know, one quick thing. So, I'm in these are your rules. I'm doing my best. I know we're, we're, we're over the three and a half. I have no problems with it. That, we wanted you, I have a quick response and we're moving on. We're almost five minutes on this. All right, if you, there's one. He's opening. He's opening. If I, just, just, briefly, Jim, I know. Thanks, you're having a bush, Vice President Gore. See you next week. And for now, from Boston, I'm Jim, I, Jim, I, I, thank you and it's good to know. And I still, Jim, that Jim, Lera, even in the inside. Yeah, Michael, let me think about that. Talk about a lightweight. Let's go. Here's Gail on the Gable to order her a keychain and stuff off the internet and the 10 days ago hasn't got it yet. And she wants me to check on it which I will. She also says his P.S. George is a Jew hater, a few rubber bullets up his wreck that makes straight demand. That's what Gail says in a Gail. She said you were a Jew hater. But anyway, screw her. Also thanks to my friend and plantation worker, one of which I too, the couple paid to wait but thank you so much. Here's six pages of an article from Hustler Magazine so you know must be accurate because they do have great articles. That's what I'm using to read it for the articles. That's what Anthony said. Behind the same glass windows of the seminary, AIDS ravages the CELABIC Catholic priesthood by Jesse Oppenheimer. I don't have, I mean, six pages, so I can read it on here. I've just read a couple of the blurbs. The legs of it are a species of enrom who died of AIDS were broken and make his death appear to be in the resolve of an accident. You go to any seminary, you feel like you're in a gay barrisis, former Jesuit Robert Goss, I learned all my skills in cruising in a Jesuit recroom. Part of the time they're presenting the seminary being chased and then they might be out going out that evening finding an outlet for sex. If there's a bright side of the sexualry transmitted or diseases in the clergy, it may be that the church will finally be forced to be able with sexuality in open life. And of course here it is only a couple of weeks ago the church finally for the first time said, well maybe condoms aren't, you're not going to go to hell after all because there's so much sex and treatment disease going on, especially with the clergy just like that says. I wonder when where are you so it's going to come out with a good story? Anything other than 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and the Wansomirle of Slides, I've heard that the United States is a slaughterhouse filled with gun nuts and scumbags 47. One of the safest, most civilized countries in the world, 34. Nobody are worse than most countries are violent 32. Again we obviously have a lot of people out there who never even traveled north of the border. Remember that day we had that story when I think you knew what I say today about Winsor and Detroit, who's on material? Anybody that's ever been to Detroit or to Winsor are more likely to Detroit, but the Winsor is right, I mean side by side, right across the investigative bridge from Detroit. And the statistics were adjusted based on population which obviously Detroit's much bigger than Winsor, but even based on population, the statistics were staggering with like a big into one in terms of murders in the previous year, I guess it was last to read this a while can 98, a little bit of one Detroit, when Winsor had very minimal. And here they are geographically side by side separated only by a very small body of water there and the ambassador bridge and the tunnel. Do you know the tunneler? No, I don't know, I remember, I know there's an ambassador bridge, there's Winsor this way, there's my different body average, and let's get Marty on the air and talk harness where it's seen for a while. I'd rather be better than talk about Israel. Wait, now we want to air fishing the boat, God, then we want to hear about Israel. You are fishing side of a big, we want to hear about Israel. We want to go to a cabbots, we want to send George there and make him an honorary rabbi. I'd rather go to a cabbots, I hear a lot of actually there. Yeah, so I'm here, especially the seed em. They don't have time to get an honorary rabbi if procrearing, I hope they have two little showers. Here's already in Kendall, hello. Hello? Yes, man. It's a pleasure to speak with you. Yes, it is. I really, really mean that I admire you very, very much. And I want to make you comment, my family's doing really, very, very awesome now. And I will start when the other day I receive a very big, new, new, new, new, new, new, new, new, new, new. I like to tell you and I just can't help it. Can you imagine a huge cradle piece of it? This is Bush was calling you? Yes! Maybe she wanted to offer you two if you're underbucked. I know, I don't know what you want, but I didn't want to have anything to hear about. I don't want you. So I'm not right away. And I'm not right. So we are constantly doing, we are doing what you like and who are doing the very good for this and that is the crime. I'm about here too, do not call me asking me what I like. I tell you one thing, these people are standing in a lot of money there too. There's standing a lot of money with all these bad guys. Yeah. I think they are. I think based on the cause of the getting a lot of food, it sounds to me like to bush people are really getting panicky now. Especially if they saw me at the night and saw what a jerky looks like. Ah, that's wrong. Okay, so we are hanging there. Just saying no to Barbara. Okay. That's our message, all you people out there just say it all to Barb's the bad. I still say she is on the dollar bill. 560-0560-0560, I got time now. We got some calls on there, but you'll have to wait. Or not, as we case maybe. This is more important. From these are children moving by Paul Begala. In fact, that we even have a jingle that says if I can find a guy dancing. What now is that? We're number one. Oh, God, I don't have the time to find these guy dancing. We're at church. But who looking for it? We're number one, damn it. Why can't I find that? Oh, there it is. One moment please, I got it. We're number one. And that's what this particular passage is. The heading is. We're number one. Houston passage law San Jose, the duty of city in America. And then go and mention coming back from Vegas on the plane. There was a big rafund payed article in the LA Times about this. Paul Begala says, I grew up in Louis town, not far from Houston. Houston is a great city. Pull up piston vinegar. As any Houstonian will take the first word spoken from the surface of the moon was Houston. And if Houston is always had something of an inferiority complex, that is, Cowboys have always been insuberable. Houston oil has even ever went to the super bowl. They moved out of the national. So Houston, the year-end for recognition, but not this kind. In 1999, Houston overter-ploss Angeles is the city of the duties of Aaron America. Houston had the most violations of federal health ozone standards. It also had a higher number of peak days than Los Angeles. All of those owners really nasty stuff. It's the component of Smog and a respiratory irritant. Building is painful, dirty, and dangerous. In 1999, studied conducted by the city of Houston shows. At Houston's air pollution may have caused at least 435 premature deaths. And as many as the 1196 new cases of chronic bronchitis annually. 3D air is also expensive. Houston is spent between 2.9 billion and 2.1 billion on health problems attributed to the city's ozone and airborne particles. Hundreds of people dead before their time, 1000 sickle bronchitis, and billions spent to deal with it. He says, I hope the Bush campaign chokes on its own dirty money. If it seems like I'm getting personally to you, it is because this air's personal, we have eight naces in nephew, soon to be nine growing up in Texas. Poor are them, soon to be five in the Houston area. These babies have to breathe a crap and crud that's Bush's contributors are spilling into the air. So when I see statistics about hundreds of people dying before their time, and thousands more fighting bronchitis for the next breath, these are just statistics to me. They're potentially my niece's mine, Fuse Brothers and Sister-in-law, or my dad retired in fishing in Galveston. Of course, my family's care to have only ones at risk. As a result of Bush's flawed plan, almost 230,000 Texas children in 7 urban counties may be exposed to as much as 295,000 tons of air pollution each year, because the attend schools within two miles of older industrial plants there are under Bush's voluntary permit program. And who the front kids, it seems that almost none of the schools that next to the school in factories are elite private academies. Can you imagine the coincidence that the stunning isn't it? So once again, under the compassionate conservative, it's the poor who suffered the most. On 1990 then, study found that 10% of the Hispanic and African American children in Houston's inner city suffer from asthma, twice a level previously measured just two years before. As much sufferers are especially threatened by increases in the ozone levels, as these pollutants are known to irritate the condition in trigger attacks. It's not just asthma sufferers or harm by this. In 1999, ozone Houston was so bad that Harris County, George Robert Eckles, announced the new system to notify area schools when the smog levels made it dangerous for students to pack their sports outside. On high smog days, that's called in Bush days, athletes had experienced coughing fit to other respiratory problems according to the Houston Chronicle. It's outrageous how would you feel if your son was a high school athlete getting sick just from breathing near a football practice? To give you an idea of how bad it is, the national standard for ozone is 125 parts per billion. The highest-reading in Geopark, a blue-collar part of Houston, was 251 parts per billion and October of last year. And there's no doubt that Bush bears responsibility for this. A coalition of 44 environmental groups called the Texas Air Crisis Campaign released in 1999, a approved property telling how Texas Air Quality had deteriorated under Bush. We blew the Air Crisis due to the intentional act and conscious in different-sug Governor Bush, is appointed to the Texas Natural Resource Conservation Commission and the Legislature. There are both sins of omission and sins of emission, said Meg Hane of the Campaign, the group plans to Bush's poor vehicle emissions program and is allowing grandfather's companies to continue polluting with no mandatory regulations. And yet Bush doesn't seem to care. Texas cities have repeatedly failed federal emissions standards since 1994 and Bush did little about the problem. A city is being noted in air pollution status by the federal government is expected to succeed from a missile ozone limit more than once a year from 1994 to 1996. Dallas for example exceeded a nine times in 1994, 15 times in 95 and four times in 1996. In 1999, Bush's environmental administrators planned they didn't have enough warning to their clean air plan together. Not enough warning, been the 28 violations in three years, kind of give you a clue George, didn't it help? No. So that's our two pages for today. And you really ought to go out and get the book. If you have any doubts, if you're still legitimately on the fence and though I know can you do the people in those focus groups who lied about being on the fence, they're all for a crap on both sides. They're all, oh yeah, well we are really, we haven't. We've got our fingers crossed, our life's crossed, but we are on the side it. Yeah. What a how much they had a pay to be in that schoolhouse. 26 after 11 and 560 WQM. The real Roger show, sports radio, 560, 2A, and we're up to the path. Okay. There's plain a song about a half-be couple. Can we got that every mile, whilst we're double? Five by the sea and you try to see it just for something so that we've had a couple of hours. It's my wife, I know she's that girl. She doesn't understand if I know her. If she's still something I won't survive. If five by the sea, we're the round of our sea. We're the sister, round of our shoes. If it's a tough week, I won't survive. If five by the sea. Why? Let me 3550 WQM. Man walks up to a rolling in the Zothin's beach. Stained very close to her. Drugs in large breath of air and tells her that her hair smells nice. After a week of this, she can't stand in any longer. The woman goes into her supervisors' office and tells them that she wants to file a sexual harassment to see it again. Then it explains why. The supervisors' puzzle by this and says, what's wrong with your coworker telling you that your hair smells nice? The woman replies, he's a midget. Or, up to you. It's more, Jim. Look for the QM band from now to one o'clock at the Houders on the Quarter Pines in the University in Pembroke Pines. You've got your best in the UCNs and cassette and those. He changed any of the best in the teachers' producer, too, which are really 155, so I saw myself. Two of the bucks so far. Not too silly, you got it. Oh, they just got there. They're kind of like my me, huh? Or why I've lately, really? Anyway, get them all over the Houses. This fax Al-Goror campaign headquarters now open and west. But I would come in and get trouble on signs ready to go with post. Gorbumbra stickers and the other popular, read my lips, no new bushend stickers in right now. I hope I get some of those going, Gorbumbra stickers, but in two those are the best. Located at 52 61 coconut Creek Parkway in Margate, directly across in the Margate post office, open right now with your Gorburet fan area. How's that poor commonel on Grand Yves? The United States is, no better or worse than most countries in violence 36. One of the safest, most civilized countries in the world. 39. A slaughterhouse with gun nuts and scumbags 57. 57. All five 60. Notice all the cars we had about that kid from Italy, the tourist that got shot in the home in the new church, her life for the rest of his life. We're going to start a little better and call it down. Yeah. Crypto ops. Crypto ops. Can't be genius. Can't be genius. Here's a couple of reds, yellow. Good, Neil. Yes, sir. Good. Hi. I've been holding the war. I've got a couple of points. The one thing that I wonder about is, it seems like when you become president, they can certainly delve into your personal life big time. I mean, with time, you're sexier, you're everything. Now, there's the thing with Governor Bush about coat use and alcohol, with some, but there should be avoiding all these issues. Yeah. I'll see, this is the approach they want to make an emotional attacks. And by doing that, I think that they're parling themselves into a real, a death and a life and death struggle. It comes to could be a very one-sided. Yeah. And not always that. I mean, I watched these debates and it's really heard about the both seem like idiots. But this bad Bush comes across like a really, like he needs someone to be a side-bind or tell him what to say. Coach, you mean. And you know, it's just ridiculous. I just wish we had just be kind. Okay. I'm going to pass it along. Call a White House. There's someone we want to say. Don't leave yet, Baba. I've been trying to find some slaughter on this place. It'll be glad to go up there in service in over four years. Five, six, seven, five, six. You all have said it here. I read that page or two. And now everybody went away. Like I said, that's okay. I don't care. I'd rather be been important stuff. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. Pound five, six, the only AT&T wireless and Verizon wireless line. Out of town is open like over there on the west coast. Whether they're always belly-yakin about picking here the show and now they can. Eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, six, three, four, five. Hanker be it to David Buster's. It too will be with Beno Cook. Six, fat Beno Cook between five and six. Who are crewed hotline at six? And then we got the third unit football line at the Bucks at eight. Any K after the game. That's our agenda. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, I do today, Neil. All right. Fifth basically I'm calling to tell you why they're in Houston. It's so damn polluted. One of the first bills when Governor Bush went into office was the mission to take cut it out. The same thing as Robert Jeff Beard is put this past summer in Florida. For a lot of people, a lot of jobs include myself. Now, they tell a people, these guys don't care about their violence. Not one big, just like Big Brother Joe, Richard. There was one worth of friends and big business polluted away with their hearts content. We'll get a look at pal. I'm going there. And watch where you stick that to. Okay. So I was in, remember I was just certainly going to get to like my friends. The mission takes the all listen to the show they were being trained. And then all of a sudden Jeff said, no more than that. Am I said by that? No. No. But the fact is, to the omission thing ought to be part of a total vehicle inspection test. And the fact that if we, I'm going to do that, pull them off. So we have mandatory vehicle inspection. And for none, that's just the omission thing. breaks. Have a light. Yeah. Yeah. Bar of tires. Yes. All of these things, front end alignment. All these things that they do in real estate. And I don't want to hear the stories about how corrupt it was in New York, Pennsylvania. See, if you automatically excuse, then you don't do anything. We just, we just had an energy. There's a right way to do things and there's a wrong way. You have a competent leadership. They learn from the mistakes in the estate that are doing it wrong. You're picking shoes. You take the good parts that are working well elsewhere. And you just got the parts that are working. That's how you're like lost for us at. Or, if you're losing, get on the engine and stick your head in there. Something like that. And hope your ears don't get in the way. But no, not in a floor. And that's why, and then, if all states in the world not to have mandatory vehicle inspection, with all the gigs that we have, you know, I don't want you to take it personally. But you know if you can't drive for crap, you know. And I'm here to tell you that most of you can't. You can't drive for a shmit. I'm kind of the worker's morning. And I get off of about 595 out of the turn bike. And as I'm swinging on, do a turn bike there. And everybody around me, maybe one or two exceptions, it's driving like ancillors. And I'm screaming in the car, what is wrong with you people? It's one thing is one or two people are driving like you're radic and really unacceptable. That's always going on. But I'm talking about a whole bunch of these people. Just viewing all over the road and going either too fast or too slow. You're kind of like in a middle of it like, please, you know, just don't hit me. I'm not ready yet. And that's what goes on here. You get a driver's license and a cracker's license box, as soon as you get off of an animal. Then you may, you may, and when you get to be 95 years old, or better yet now on the internet, just like you're being realized in some sort of guided. For six years, my mother tells me that somebody she knows 90 years old, this got a six year renewal in the mail. 90 years old, just got a six year driver's license renewal in the mail. She'll be driving after she's dead. I'm sure that. When she's 140, she'll still be getting new one in the mail or before years. So, not only have blue coins, but you know, of course, not even a mention that in date counting, we still have, I'm sure, way more than 50% driving around in violation of law and no insurance. Guaranteed. So the path of driving, you're radic and if they do hit you, you may as to survive. Oh, yeah, but I get out of the collector and the insurance. Guess what? I hope that your insurance covers it because if there's doesn't, they don't have any. All right, you're wrong. It's a pain in the ass. It's really time consuming and we don't want to be bothered. Well, that's great. Here's what I want to go ahead and drive a little bit up or run their cars. Kill and people out there in the road. If you want to be 100 years old, death dumb blind, no arms, no racing, they're getting drivers license every six years. But fine, you're going to perfect place for it. 21 before noon at 5.6. WDQ and... ...the usual... ...guaranteed. ...all we end the company... ...and... ...all we end the TV... ...and... ...with a pair of arms... ...or a pair of hands... ...and... ...so know how we do it. ...into the TV for 10 years. ...and some sick-darn-oops for a bit man. ...and... ...we do this if we are. ...easy to see five girls on a road. ...and some sick-darn-oops for a bit. It's 144.5.6. WDQ and... ...we also didn't get their stuff here. ...so a few days you understand. ...and some few minutes. ...like a radio fan, you already did the best of it. ...and you wanted to come to our receiver. ...the charges and you want to. ...and my credit card is a follow-up. It's my 30th birthday, say, ...shaziation, happy birthday, Jason, ...and hang on tight and... ...you'll get it. ...and the TV too. Right? I mean, are they sending them out from in there? ...well, get that. ...and if you want a sick-darn-oops ready for a quiet six. Don't forget to cue at once. That's what they got, Chapp. From a camera's out there, I drive it in the van too. ...is out the spring and the around. It isn't a girl's job. Well, don't be picking on him. Like I said, Jason, hold your horses. I'd happy birthday anyway. From now to what a clock at the hudersie, ...and that's the way I am. You know, if somebody looks good, what if you guys... ...they have a lot of slack. Do I look good like the nephew? I mean, I'm sorry. So for you, from now on, a lot of clock... ...they're out there, the QM van, and with all our stuff. Huders on the quarter of the pines and university in Pembert Pines. You can use cassette, those key chains, and those nifty t-shirts, which I absolutely love. Let's see if you got the ball somewhere in public. So this is part of the problem out there. But all these nervous melodies, who listen to this show, and don't want to admit it. Oh, I wouldn't wear one of those neo-rods here, because everybody think I'm a fan. Yeah, obviously, they're business newbies, right? Fine, well, maybe they just know it. 560, 50560, Pomp 560, on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I do man. Put it in good. Comforting your favorite retail outlet borders. All right. It'll take exactly. I love me, it borders. I am now from now on. We have an event for it, but it probably is amazing. Anyways, another name for your Italian band, they want to be walkin'. Yeah. Anyway, basically, just gonna tell you that there's a great website, put up by the Democratic National Committee called WW. I know what you did in Texas.com. Yeah, I think it's where I like a movie culture for this. Probably even scarier than I know what you did last summer. It's been a period of funny graphic eye within, and money, and random boy, then anyways, it's basically just tell you the record and text on any issue of national, so it's pretty good check it out. Okay. Okay, I think. 560, 400 open lines here today. We'll go then a little bit of momentum, and it's starting to add, they're laying back. I got news for you, Bush Mongers out there. You think that you're just gonna rock you in here, because, well, the other guys are wouldn't spat you, and you're catching them in these little exaggerations. Well, I got news for you. When it gets real close to November 7th, people are gonna take a look at this bundle of idiots. They're gonna list all of his malepropas. And they're gonna take a look at his real record, because the fact they're gonna start coming out. And they're gonna say, you know, I'm not so sure. I want them to be the one over there, negotiating in the Middle East where it couldn't even find it on a map. I'm not so sure. I want them to be the focus social security plan, and all these other kids that want with a close-up and a few math in the hokey's focus. And they're gonna say, I don't think so, because you hear people keep asking this, is he up to the job? And just like the books said, there was really come there today. When you start asking that question, is he up to the job, and there was a big out of book. The answer is obviously, you know, oh, no. Because if you have to ask the question in the first place, it means you really already know the answer. Absolutely not. That's what the guy that called me 400 times in the last two days, that first guy, would have started answering about how they'd be elected them. And if you're going to suggest this to you, it's head Kennedy were running against George W. And I tried to make the argument to you that head Kennedy's got to be elected to the Senate 150,000 times in the chapter, quick and in the Spanish chapter, because they think he's a great-escalde and Senator since the invedence twice, but you say, oh, he's a murderer, he's a liberal, yeah, that's right. Who the hell are you kidding? In addition, we're looking at it conversely, did they be like Mario Komo in the air? Well, they elected a PUT. Does that mean that I don't like Mario Komo, he could devote us in the air, to choose to be the realized, they have one of the most brilliant men in their country as their governor? I don't give a crap about that. I want to see what the man's all about. I want to listen to him to speak. I want to read about what his record is. I don't want to hear a song of the answer about how the vote of the Yahoo-Eton taxi, where they're hooking freaking horns, how they put him back in the weekend. Yeah, hooking horns. Would their goddamn prayers, if they football games, and their other high priorities? Power crap. You only think in taxes that's where the hoot is, Austin taxes. I don't tell that to you, what's your name, Christian, that bitch? I mean, what does your name ask me? See, I'll decide out of mind. You forgot all about the cheap couple back come. Thought I'd good friends. Oh, what if they'd do me that anymore? Oh, I doubt it. Oh, I never catch that. You think you've taken love with that spot on your back again? Or maybe you've taken love with the spot? I didn't know they had a dog. Here's Baby, hello. Here I nail. Yes, sir. Bitch, I'm a shifters a little bit. I have a hockey question for you. All right. Do we have a team anymore? I don't know. I don't know. I have a blackhawk fan myself. Oh, here in Hi-A, look at a great attendance there in Chicago. 8,000 at the seat to get in your last night. Yeah. Listen, back in the early six, if you're a maple leaf fan, right? Yes, 1951 to blackhawk's one was Stanley Cup. Right. I think it was 1961 or 62, when the leash one of the cup was very... Yeah, 62. Right. There was a player on that team. I think his name was Bill Beritch, though. He was not in 62. Oh, Beritch, though. It was in 49. I had the plane crash. He scored the winning goal. 49, not 62. Oh, before I was, I was a 70 years old. Oh, you were probably an embryo. Right. It was a plane crash, huh? Yeah, he after the release one of Stanley Cup that year. He scored the winning goal. I think it over time. I'm not sure. He died in the plane crash. Right. They, they, they. They were just talking about it. The group is tragically hip. Right. They're not able to show up for them. Right. And lastly, can I have a request? Yes, like something that I don't know what you call it. It's that tape, words like an instructional tape, where several ways to use the afterwards, you know, okay, you got it. As you can, thanks. Okay. That's push. That's not a good way to use it, right? I think, just say, after bush or just say, FU or is that professor said, Provers and Morino FIU or is makes you grace it, FFIU. Yeah, that's what you kept saying that. Well, what do that mean? We're going to have a big, big, big, big, big song. Me and vice-so-like, or she's okay in my book. What do you make? There we are. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 50. Well, she ain't no, what's that other one that's, that one all the way in. What are you, man? Well, I feel like more people are, I think she's like this. Ah, you're in catarrolling. Not as wailing as Maya Kira. The railing, screaming, shrieking, just blurturing, poor West life. And you know this, Maya Kira now, first it was when 98 degrees in your monosciated That song, which was an okay song if you took, see, if you got one of those machines where you can take certain parts of the vocals that eliminate her, some of her music is pretty good, with the her off of it. But every song is, well, that just screaming and wailing and plucking and destroying the song. But she's keeping up with all that light now with West life. So, she's like, you're broken, every record, course. Over here, we try to give kids, curvy West life, which I think he played at once and then we got anarchy about it. He played the rule with John G. and the rule of the mouth. Everybody at Power 906 is dying here that song. If he played more that, you're a pin user that we're bringing here. Maybe Power 906, if you have a 90-share. I mean, they're doing okay, but they could be doing lots better. If he had a little more ball, that's what his new wife said. If he had like one ball would be good. His pin you were a wife. But West life broke even the Beatles records. Five songs, really sing was released in a row. Number one, firstly, we got a child name. And now the sixth one, this is sixth because this is a new I carry. So that's like five and a half, because she's on there. That bitch, wailing and plucking and screaming and just the awful. Couldn't think of your stuff, or God didn't lose you up with her. Back then, and here's Miami, hello. Hello, Neil? Yes sir. Neil, just wanted to say something. You mentioned Anne Reggie. You mentioned Neil Bush. Yeah. Now, I'm looking at something. If you want to put the facts at taking a chicken, you put the George Bush. Now, I'm looking at him. Fight the wall. He wants to send the money back to the people. He wants to publicize the social security. He also wants to invest the money. Now, you can imagine him putting all the his pictures people at take care of all these things. Otherwise, if a corporation wants to have a dummy at the top, and they'll be running this. This is what we're going to have. Everybody knows he's done. I mean, this is not getting anywhere. We can get to something else that a people can really see what's happening. So, I know you're doing the best you're cutting. I'm doing the best I can, man. But this is the one thing that I'm looking at. I can't understand it. I look at his, I think his father's going to be the president. He's just going to be there and maybe make the speaker. He's going to be the face man. That is going to be in there with his good buddy. The change is going to be a daddy and dick. We're going to be running the country again. I think you're right. You should be called. And Martha, he himself, for a thousand people, and he's not smart because he says it's more the same thing. But Andrew, it's a problem that he had five failures. And that he was three hundred and seventy million, they'll be a million dollars. He said that he was carve-up. Yeah. Just like he's part of being a dummy student. You know, as the people was to be able to see that the day with him and the Anne Rich, he would not have been. She just like you. I thought that Neil was the one that had all his failures. I didn't know that he was the one. And she pointed out that he was the administrative student and his corporations that he had. So thank you, Neil. Good luck for once, Pat. Hi. And as you guys said about board about 67 times, I think we can be a little bit feel a little more relaxed. That'll anybody to ease up on it. But I think the fact that all the group people are voting in the middle of the week, and the media people at the last minute, they'll say, I'm not going to throw in my post. Well, what's the point? I am, this business of making a statement or having some kind of a pure victory. What's the point? He's not upset again. Ralph made a will not carry one county in one state in the country. Not one. Not one district. Not one block. He will not carry. Needable path to you, Cannon. Needable at five, you brown the libertarian candidate. And thus all the commenters candidate, he's the dead. What's the point? Now we're going to make a statement. We're going to show you. Yeah, okay. You're going to show how to, you know, that song by Luther Campbell or stupid is there wannabe? 560, 0560, 560 on the 18p and Verizon wire was lying. I've got to go for therapy. You're going to be seeing my good friend, Jean-Louis. I'll give you your best. Fishing fix your thumb. How'd you thumb do? Oh, so I'll go back. Oh, he'll go back. What's up with that? I, I, I, I, I, I finally wise that people are just to shake my hand like, uh, the one this morning out there, the soccer guy. I say, I'll give you my left hand because the right one is still healing up because it seems not, there must no. You match the safest out there. I mean, they get a herd of it. They're really squeezing it hard and hand to him. That's squeeze so hard. Of course, Bobby, I'll show you your hand. You wouldn't feel it. I don't care if we go. I'm not going to feel it. I don't want to lift it, no. I don't care if we go. I'm not going to suck up to them. Are you going to suck up to those speakers over there? Compt broadcasted. Then it can be a sick of my stomach. Oh, call Bob Neal. I wish him happy birthday. A Sheryl and Bob Green over there. Plainy's little games. Oh, yeah, let's have Neal suck up the Bob Neal. Yeah, Neal and Neal. Up the Bob Neal up there in Atlanta. He's about two feet tall in front of the mine. Me. Like a kick him in the nuts if he had any. He knows that the Lord even loves Neal Roger. That's one of the most interesting words in the English language today is the word F***. Out of all the English words that begin with a letter half. F*** is the only word that is referred to as the F word. It's the one magical word. Just by it's sound can describe pain, pleasure, pain, and love. F*** as most words in the English language is derived from German. The word flixin which means to strike. In English, F*** falls into many grammatical categories. As a transit of verb, for instance, John F***. Surely. It means he's not always sexual. It can be used as an adjective such as John's doing all the F*** work. As part of an adverb, Sheryl talks to F*** much. As an adverb, enhancing an adjective, Sheryl is F*** beautiful. As an adverb, I don't give a f***. As part of a word, it's absolutely F***ing, Lugly, for in F*** incredible. And as almost every word in a sentence, F*** the F***ing F*** is. As you must realize, there aren't too many words for the mercetile of F***. As in these examples describing situations such as fraud, I got F*** to be used, Carlard. The smake of F***. Trouble. I guess I'm really F***ing now. Aggression. So F*** with me, buddy. The smissel. Why don't you go outside and play hide and go F*** yourself? I'm sure you can think of many more examples. Say it loudly and proudly. F*** you. Alright. 12256WQM, social meditist during number two. It's got the number number one, because you get your real band. Well, so, I'm making it closer to the doctor's office and Complains doctor, my boss are killing me. The pain is incredible. The doctor grabs the midges under his armpits. Put them on the examination table. Pursers under his own, he's down and says, No, hold on a minute. He wears his car with his doctor's instruments on it. And he says, let's see, he stands still. He looks at his left side and with the scissors goes, Snips net. Looks on a white side where the scissors goes, snips net. The doctor has the major puts him back out of force. It says, all right, walk around a little bit. The midges should also run, I'm not going to smile on this patient. Hey doc, that's your great. What did you do? To which the doctor replies, I took two inches off your cover of books. Not bad. We're getting there. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's the mobile in Miami, hello. Hi, hi, you're the mail. Alright. In regards to your poll today, I also regard to the guy that called yesterday that he didn't like Amsterdam. He said we're talking about how dangerous it was. Yeah, dangerous. First of all, Amsterdam is one of the few civilized cities. It's not the only civilized cities in the world. So the simple reason is, you know, you can say, we go as marijuana many years ago. And he doesn't have a side on the phasemto, smoke a flip and nobody thought of you. And he's one reason alone why it's more civilized than this country. Anyway, you know, you say a lot of people haven't been out of a business. They haven't been north of Palm Beach County. Well, I've lived in a few different places of Virginia, and I've lived in Italy, of the South America, or all I'm in America. And I've got to tell you, when it comes down to it, the bottom line is the USA is the best place to live. Well, for a number of reasons, I mean, if you're welcoming up to be able to afford to send you in a six month or a year out of the country, and you're right, sign-pastic. Sign-pastic. Sign-pastic. I'm up to about 21 years. I'm up to about 21 years. It's so much easier in this country. We have it so good here compared to life that are easier. You mean, like, walking around on the streets, or waiting to see somebody's going to blow your brains up, or waiting to see if your kids are going to come home alive from school every day? Well, yeah, there is back, of course. I think, you know, let's be honest, as long as you know, which part of town you're supposed to avoid. You mean, like a column line? Yeah, that's a pretty dangerous school. Yeah, you're right about that. That's the tower above my business, saying that for years. It should be bad. All right. There's nothing you can do about that. You've got all these people saying, and the million people that are in jail and prison in this country for drugs? Yeah, yeah. I thought they were wrong. There's lots of wrong about this country. So we do have a lot of swift shopping centers, and there's much more convenient. We have a better selection of food. I would agree with that, and that's about it. I don't know how you could say that. Well, that's not it. Actually, there's lots of other things. I mean, you wouldn't even eat food in England, but I would agree that any place would probably be an improvement of our England, so that's not a very valid comparison. No, no, I think it's a me. Yeah. You have a private house on the top of the land? There is a lot of web-taping in it. We have to agree with that. Everything they did is not that nice. I like it. I like it. I like visiting Italy, but I would never want to live there. Right. I've got a post office in Amsterdam. It's not really very complicated. No, it's pretty straightforward. Yeah. How is Fusion 4, Go? What a pair. I mean, what a choice we've got. Okay, I'll see you in Liberty City. 560560. Here you go, Nail Erz, I got it. It's web-taping in here. He's not telling it like it is. He's for like year-for-a-crap. Okay. 560560. 560. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless on. That's this course we've had. You probably sort of go back to theytyer journey and you won't see it. One-on-one human, I kinda think that he was aspirated. That sounds promising. That sounds real sure an immersive. Even obviously. Quickly learn. I wanted to begin page smoother. The staff has been inside here thinking he can see the solutions he has done. He's somehow wasmoil. He hasn't seen anything made he's been revealed. Tell us aboutEEP self-assai, NO IT'S THREE AL DIRKEY, BRE  that one. NO IT'S T heartbreaking! EWN GENT berger hazr digs. positively, no it will not happen. Not this week, not next circus, not a week from next to Russia, sure it ain't gonna happen. I'm not going to Israel. If you want to go there and be a professional, get kicked, go right ahead. If you want to be there as a moving target, go right ahead. Because we got those beaches and why do you have to go there to be a moving target when we're here in the US? You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Or target practice is every day every place. You're going to have to go over there to get blown up. The beach is here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon was never even as you have been one him. Yeah, that's right. Even kick his ass out. Time and Roth, aka Marlene's kick. This is all good back to Miami Beach and walk you dug and columns over to those old folks who love you. And they did. Here's a lady noble and cool string. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I didn't get to hear the beginning of your show, but I was pretty stunned trying to do it today. And nobody commented on Bush's discussion of state programs. Because the last time I looked, there was so separation of church and Satan in the United States. It's a scene that's been recrying a lot of people. Yeah, because he's going, we're a Jan, we're stuck on that because he's so terrified, we're saying anything that's the ruffle buffetters of the religious nuts out there. So we just do run away from that. Absolutely. But my big lie was with that side-paced standout who had an opportunity to stand up and ask them, meaning for questions. And instead came up with this, this crap. I mean, it's hard to explain where because he picked those questions. That's correct. I was going to learn the decision to be on that. How do we protect our children? And I get that only, it only confirms this private theory that I've helped a year that most women are at home. So that's what I have to say about that's a big question. Thanks. Okay, there you go. On some of the comments from the lady herself, most women are asshole. I'm all interesting that most women are stood in us at the majority of them are going to vote for Goro and most men seem to be the movie. Yeah, they like that. They like that text us down home, shoot-up kind of mentality, you know. And are they Mr. Macho or Anta abortion so we can really stick it back to the women so to speak. 4500 open line to it. This point which again, just this snazzy is the hell out of me, but do I really care? Oh, now I'm just doing the best I can in my own little way. My own little make it a world here. World world. 5605050, pound-five 60 on the AT&T and who lives in wireless lines and the other timeline has been pathetic. 877, 7560, if you've heard it, so pathetic, last call I would call on that was that idea from the Rocky allegedly yesterday with his end Richard the Communist routine. Not to get a sit down comedy job, how you're fantastic. The Neil Roger show, the show sports radio, 560. You a yeah, this is the most disgusting program. I urge everyone to complain to this station. No, the F-Wack, casting call. All right, Tom Broker. Oh bro, Tom. How bad? Uh, again, Tom? How bad? Uh, one more time, Tom. I'm losing a second part, one more hour. Next, my time, sir. My time. Yes, my time. Stop saying what I'm saying. I play while I play. I'm black. And yeah, I'm black. And yeah, I'm black. Jesse Jackson. I'm a clerk of a clerk for a clerk. Jesse I'm sorry, but the duck is white. Next, we all in. She's not to me, she's a doctor. Talk, stick to the script, Mr. Allen. It's crazy to send me. Great, the line please. Why would it duck speak? Back, nuts. The great Sean Connery, sir. How welcome, sir. Welcome. From the corner of the house. They're just read the line, please. Off, off. Excuse me, sir, again. Off, off. Sir, I'm sorry, that second part of line. I don't. I'm simply saying, off, off. Oh, God. I guess you got Gilbert God, for you over here. All right, good to be Gilbert. I'm white. I want more time, Gilbert. I'm white. Well, Gilbert, pretty much hate you. And I think you're terrible, but the close thing we got. You got the job. Okay, 12 14, it's five, three, two, double EQ, I am. How's the girl doing over there through two M van at the Hooters, Cora, Pemper Pines and University in Cora, what? Pines and University in Cumberpines. Get it right, asshole. We got the CDs, the best in the overall cassette. Key change, if I can find my little one here. And it was Nippie T-shirts too, to one a clock. Here's another one, cross-praying, hello. Yeah, sir. Good afternoon, sir. When it's not a day. Did you happen to read a new post today? No, I do know. Okay, as we 100, the really a station. Yeah. The running a transit. It's called $100,000. Those days. Every hour, the given away $10,000 to $25,000. And making a fair, like, it's for walk or it's for us. What's it doing in an appellary anybody is that clear channel communications is running a contest to all 100 stations they are. And so I thank Quarter Maneon Vegas. So sir, the Jackpot is an Erica Sino in the state, right? At all, they're going to do a 40 or 50 turny generals. They've got a series of companies. Because they're not even voting in all of those wedding with contractors. So they haven't learned their lesson. I mean, they were reading in the Chicago months ago. They're doing the same thing. They're doing everything again. Nice. Now you're on cheap channel. Is that great? It's beautiful. Okay, thanks for the good news. Take care of that. Nice. Got people here. I want to thank all of you on the cheap channel. What an outfit. And it's not the same cheap channel that we read the other day that they're cutting staff dramatically in the York of all those stations that they're in the rail. There's an all-time low that people are filming at the mall. Yeah, that's the same cheap channel in it. Oh, yeah. Speaking of the post, somebody facted this to me from today's post. 29 Palm Scala4ing is the name of the joint. A couple of charged with attaining their two sons to bed posts at a third child who died about 10 years ago and believed to be buried on their property authority said yesterday. Investing at a standard of what they believe is the boy's grave Tuesday. Home fragments were found when they've been out immediately confirmed as humans said Cindy Beaver is a spokesman for the San Bernardino County Sheriff's Department. John Davis, 51 and a carry day, was 41. Total investigators at the boy, Rainbow Lourde, was sickly and died when he was about six. Deputy's came to the house Saturday after the couple 17 year olds on Yahweh called 911, not three one six, but 911. To say here in his 12 year old brother Angel were changed up and it better. Mostly against the questions that they had always biblical, or fanatical, or a hokey's focus named. Yeah, just not a coincidence. Just like all in preskating, a five six seven, five sixty, Palm five sixty on the AP and T and Verizon wireless wine. Wine, young, is what is that number? Oh, there's a car from Orlando, what if that's going to be real call? That won't be talking about radio. Here's Miami, hello. The department is down here, not medicine for radio, but it's not a good idea. Well, all right, fine. That's the entire picture here. It's a very important thing. I want to see what's going to come out of the public. To this side, we're in an investigation to come out of. You know, we're going to listen to a follow-up. We can't say, we don't just follow-up. Nobody can listen to a follow-up plan, but it's not going to be fine. It's not the perfect button behind us, but it's not that they care. But if they're recording, but what you said, well, I can't watch it by the way. Keep it free, but we're about to paint your photograph for real. Well, it's safe while trying to walk. Okay, you're under-up, and you do a good job, whoever's bitching out. Fives, and I'm going to say again, don't deny the one you've figured is on CNN with all your like ability polls. Okay, stop trying to make a case there, because that's not what it's going to be all about. You can bet you bottom bounce, because if that's what it's all about, the actual poll about who you're going to vote for, will be a flex that? Does it reflect that? No, no, I don't. So, so quit trying to spin it before they spin you as into the goddamn ground. Boy, are they doing a job? Here's a redland, so long. Morning, good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. How are you doing? A couple of things that no one seems to have mentioned, by the way, I was a goal of support because of what we have a choice to begin with, and he looked like the lesser of the two. I changed my mind two weeks ago. Yeah. I am going to go for a goal. Well, how's sin? Yeah, I know, but it's simply because of the censorship thing, the possibility that what people go up hold on. Well, what do you mean what people go up? I'm going to go to Wives. What about her? She's in the same vein. I think she's up. Of course she is. I know. She was right there when McCain had the hearings in the Senate. The little lynchini was there speaking that day, right alongside people, but going all these other, crazy people. Yeah, man. But if so, we really have no choice. Right. That is to be fair. The one thing we have is both parts that there's before, a couple of weeks ago. Both parties this year believe in censorship, not a destroyer, the first amendment. Okay. One day I know I'm caught up yet. And the other night said to Pink was in the, what's his name, Lair? Just blew the whole thing. So what's our both of the candidates, the other night's mentioned, that our commitment to Israel and all this crap in the Middle East, what's gone over there. How is the air of nation's going to view of all this of the Iraq's students as possible to be our president? That's not a cause of all. There was a big article in Newsweek this week that I just got yesterday. I was going to be told to show that the air of vote is going to be very significant. But there's like a million and half Arabs in this country. I don't know about that. In states like Michigan, there happened to be quite a few. And Michigan is like razor close right now. We often marginalize the other. And of course you remember that in the first debate, the Bush made the comment about how we have to stop discrimination, not just against strike people. But against Arab Americans in the United States. And he's been the paneling, then pretty heavy duty. And the article pointed out that he's about 20 points ahead in the air of vote for the war. I can believe that. I saw what the son said. And certainly, Julie women did not help on that count. I thought we were going to be on religious and he's a wept. Yeah. As far as I'm concerned, he's been a total liability. I mean, we've got to get the old Jews in the cemetery, votes to come out and vote for the war. But you know something that would have voted for the war anyway. That's true. That's true. Well, I decided to make it. It seems like there's like the war's already, he has a fairly huge charge of the US Russian relations. Yeah. And he was here with that's gone the way. Yeah, but of course, Bush doesn't know where Russia is on the map. So you got a little problem with that. Well, yeah, but you don't have somebody to go. Maybe point him in the right direction and come to have a good wine. You're welcome. Okay. Good luck to our account. Thank you. Okay. Those are guys who I think is legitimately waffling. He's, you know, I understand. How many times have I changed my mind on the year? I'll all these months. Even the months when I wasn't here. Does that pay any attention this when I wasn't here? No. No way. And that guy that British guy that called before you know, it's a free world to appoint, you know, your entire new opinion. And if you want to tell me that this is the best place to live in the area, I'm happy for you. And you did make a good point of that. Is that if you have a few bucks and you can afford to live in your place to choice a few months to be here. And then like come here when the weather is good, what is the weather good here? Winter. Sometimes, sometimes better here than than in any other places that's correct. And of course, since I bought my mother's condominium. Huh? So you go, well, I'm thinking about that. I wish I'd probably live at 110. Was that about that putting? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, 5, 50 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Huh? Well, I'm not going to keep my house when I get out of here. It's four years down the road. Just a little enough for two. I'm probably going to sign several new contracts. No. No. Stay here about another 15, 20 years. Oh, come on here like, uh, how well it's in the elegant. Yeah, well I want to how not get over the listeners out there. The most important to you is speaking of what you realize the big 25 is going to barge first. I just mentioned that for our cracked promotions department and the management here, that's going to be a stellar big day. And even on that day, Tom Jicker and Ellie Brassler and all these other people who try their best to ignore me and ignore this radio station, they won't be able to do that on March number one, 25 years in a rocket. That's in like Ricky Picky. But can you imagine how that kept my snow by now? You got really, baby. What do you mean by that? If you don't do it like that, well, no, but I mean, that's not the market where he is now. Oh, that's why he's in there. What is that? Well, the Jupiter somewhere? He's the Uranus. That's Paul. Well, yeah, but he's on the station with like six Watts now. Paul Mikey, that was the beginning of the end. I want to start. I know them, uh, cock people again. But that was absolutely the beginning of the end when they screw around with him. I did a little tired of that crap. I can tell you right now. I guarantee you, Mr. Days, Mr. and Yuri, Mr. and Yuri, that blue jacket and that bottle, I mean, I even described it in my back saw he was up there. Yeah. Yeah, I had to enlarge it, funny, she mentioned me, called me at home last night said, hey, you need no producer. So he George's an anti-Semite, he said, I love the juice. I said, yeah, but what about sag? And he hung up. Here's Miami, how long? Here. Yes, sir. I'm going to vent a little bit. Can I? Throw it in. Let's when I just called up a reporter. I heard you were head you on, uh, listening in on your conversation. Oh, did you? Yeah. You were doing such a great job. I didn't want to interrupt. Oh, because up there, I have Marty by all in calling me back. Yeah. Because if you look at the, uh, a section of the paper, you'll see the report and he, she got three columns of supporters for portion, not one for Gore. Well, what pages is there? It's a, there's a, there's a code of page two A. I mean, to be, you'll see George P. Picture. I'll find it. I get to it. But, Daman, Brown, so I get a different edition probably than you. Oh, but anyway, she's got three paragraphs of all, push, supporters. Yeah, and when I asked her, I had to call a teleappet to this. And when I asked her, I said, even to follow up and show the supporters who go, go, should I? I can't wait everybody to hang down. I can't wait to respond. He doesn't matter my favorite. They wouldn't do that in Brown. They want to resolve his use on. Yeah, I, I can't believe she has every single, uh, commissioner for Miami who supports, uh, Bush, every Miami-based commissioner, and every legislature. Mm-hmm. A letter, a legislature. But the thing is, she says, I can't write everybody's name. I says, you did three paragraphs, right? A Bush. Yeah. I said, so you thought it's on me that you're one sided? And what you saying? She says, well, I, I, I, I think you think it's on this conversation. I said, off the later. But I, I want to write a body balance. Mm-hmm. And I'm having a call back and if it's find out whether or not he's going to let this thing slide or if he's going to do a follow-up report. Uh, see, it's part of the hell pan vingian. Just keep in mind that in the day to day, you're going to show them to get their pan ving. And we know their pan ving, too. No, I, yeah. But we're, they're pan ving the people who are not reading their newspaper. And the, and here's the, here's the side part of the whole thing. The lot of the country, according to this article here, this is one thing in court favor. He is winning by 65, 25. As far as it's panics across the country. Right. But he's losing here, 77, 14. Oh, sure. He's saying, because nobody's going out there. And when you were hearing me out of golf on there, if we were hearing me, I was talking to the poor campaign. That was one of the managers down here. I, and I was telling them to get their poth going to, to, you know, show some initiative to fight this kind of advertisement. Because this is, this is an advertisement. Okay. Okay, sir. Thanks, job. Okay, keep it up. Let them have it. Here's a very old one that we've already had thanks before, but it's kind of cute. I'll preach the rabbi and a preacher on a boat with 20 children. The books start sinking in panic, the preacher yells, the children, the children must save the children. The rabbi replies after children. Excitably the preserves, but do we have time? That's all, but it's, it's got a funnel. Do we have time? Uh-huh. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T and Horizon Wireless Line. Yeah, we're on the over there at the Miami Hill. There was also on all of you news media people in this, we've got for a second, virtually, part of the town. We want more on that story about the guy damn cops in the prostitution ring. If it's the last thing that we do here on this show, we're going to get to the bottom of it. We're going to stick our nose right on it. George Wright's digit is no, I don't think by now you wouldn't. Oh, hoot? Not if you're always pro-cusbender and that child passed the tuition ring. Oh, no, I don't like hoarse. Never been answering them. Still, I don't care if they look like that. Oh, I don't know how they've been touching them. No, people like you all have no been touching them. That's the most incorrect statement you've ever made in your life. People like you all have never been anywhere near them. Trust me when I tell you. That's why I have the landlord keep putting hands in the newspaper or unsuspecting women to try to walk up so we can take them around on insured or to pretend that he's got to go out to disgusting men. Trust me when I tell you, and like Roger, I mean, said, since I'll get that a permanent answer, and he's not nearly as type of used to be. That's what Ron told me. He's pretty disappointed to be pretty bitter about it. All right, I'm going to call him. Leave you in this hall on the WB, turn the makers of meat to parents. If the cold news tell us, sir, I'm a Chelsea's boyfriend. It's a treasured in me, you. Yeah, yeah. Let me see your pay pay. You mean, sir? Your pay pay, let me see it. Oh, dad, leave him alone. No, I'm name it, show me the goods. Write out a view on to a housing shop, a gromp. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, this is our housekeeper, Kalala. She's just, we'll leave him in the stress. You know, I just want to ask you a question, but you're not going back. Oh, no, no, no, sit down relax, boy. Or I'm all done here. Top on sports center. Hey, you want to go next? Oh, yeah. These three cliddings, the laughs just keep on giving. Show me a picture. How pretty to have five, 60, WBQ. I'm 6, 60 bucks so far today for when we go on the QM fan. I'll say it to you. Who does corner punching, investing time or pun? They're only going to be the number half hour. How are we going to make a thousand and what these assholes get with it? Best of the deal, she's using cassette then. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. She changed and those teachers too. Another half hour. Let's get rid of it. Here is the facts that broke the camel's back. Thank you. That bus you Jonathan Miles, whoever you are. See, did I tell you that I knew what this was going on? This is set up. And then, and I didn't, I, I, I had in the back of my mind thinking that this probably, if it's happening to us, is happening to all these other posts. Who, this is the organization, it's the far right. They, they, they've been doing this for years. There's far way Rick and all these other answers. They've been doing this for 20 years now. And they load up, either they do it by mail or by phone and now that we have the internet, of course, it's a much quicker and easier way to screw up all the posts. It says, my name is Jonathan Miles. I'm a girl can't paint volunteer. I try calling you a show yesterday when you were talking that Republican who just rigging their pool. I better give the police out today. I should, I'm what it is right now. United States is one of the safest, most civilized countries in the world, 53. Nobody will worst in most countries in violent, 61. A slaughterhouse filled with gunner, gunner and scrub bags, 100. Okay, I'll rest my case on that. But anyway, he says, well, this is happening all over the internet. The Republican somehow have a team that grew up in 80 people who go on a doodle basis, the places like CNN.com. MSNBC.com, politics.com, WWW.washings and post.com, and many more, simply be loaded up for the poll session and go through your more times for the Bush-Chainee Kick-It. They're using a basic trick, most of this, pearls registered by the IP address number, but they break that easily by hanging up. And they dial up again their ISP assigned to the new IP address and then go, they can vote all over again because there's somebody else they do this over and over again. I would appreciate if you'd bring this up to your listeners attention as they may be going to the places and see pearls that look like 70% in favor of Bush and 20% in favor of girl like CNN. I've spoken with some people who were scared by seeing these pearls which are being manufactured by a well coordinated Republican Internet team. Also, if you could encourage listeners to go to these places and cast their votes just the same way Republicans are doing this, vote hang up dial up and vote over. We first discovered this at MSNBC, but we noticed Republicans logged a lot of employees to engage in propaganda specific times, like it was a job and it was a handful of about 10 Republicans who logged with tons of nicknames and made it seem like a lot of different people when it was only a handful. It is said to say there's only one Democratic regular MSNBC called Texas Voter, who manages to state or even know she's outnumbered, 10 to 1, the same thing's happening in other places mentioned about. To a first time visitor MSNBC will give you a person, everybody's in favor of the Bush and he ticket, every Internet address that is in their list or does polls will be rotated by these people over and over again to rig every poll on the Internet. Also, I'd like to recruit volunteers who have a computer who would like to dedicate two hours a day on the Internet to engage the Republicans in their own game. I know if you can now sit on the air, yes I can, Jonathan. And give my email address, which is Jonathan at ISTNetwork.com. Jonathan, Jero and ATHR, and Jonathan at ISTNetwork.au1world. ISTNetwork.com. You see, what thing was that we did to publish? Last year's day I think, but what I would ever do was, and we didn't think about who, maybe we just did who we're going to vote for. And up until about 6 or 6 30, we were going to go, I was to well ahead, and then all of a sudden here come votes 50 and another 100 and 100 and 50. And Bush has got 8 million votes in the questions. I watched a thing on the Internet at home. I realized that once they started flooding in like that, it's all I put up here. And I just described them and I go back to where but was where, you know, because it polls just don't change like that. We've been doing this a long time. And then we had the other one here that I bought, who wanted to be yesterday. And right in the middle of the first hour of the show, I could tailed it, because Bush was a head like EDA, it'd go was at 83 to 26. And then all of a sudden here comes all these billions of Bush votes all together. Like 80, 100 in the world. And so we said, mmm, means nothing. See, this bad wagon philosophy, it's partly psychology of the school of people from building, part of the psychology of getting people to jump on the bad wagon thing. Oh yeah, everybody else thinks Bush is going to be a vote for Bush, I better too. Especially in a way like this, where most people are so unimposing, he asked me about both candidates. Oh yeah, the bad wagon's going this guy's way, I better jump on the bad wagon and then believe me, there's a lot of bad wagon jumpers out there. And a lot of poor followers too, if the poor looks like it's really heavily in one way, oh yeah, why must be this in some time, I'm voting for that guy. And these are the kind of people, the right way, will it just not the holy roars, the faith-based assholes, as he calls him, faith-based charity, things are the idiots that you have to contend with, dangerous. 22, thanks again John, 22 before I won the 5, 250 WQA. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 5, 60s, and you, hey, my leader, never listen. One, two, three. Do the response from the fries, kids rise and there's the base. There would go sweet wit', smear th' feature and rugby glaub ''spin kang, did WE pay, vie means see th pre aware of the strands as they frequent neglective bu coats. Scudgard? It's the edge of where it is coming from my inner frustration. A Hitler by his former, he didn't leave the loose mouth, but a devastation. It's not the stick, but it's not something about the pre-execuation. Good good. One day, the day he's gone. I've got so far. I'm here for the party for three years and two years. Seven feet, you'll want to five, sixty-two, a.m. Another 17-minute from the galaxy, who is on a quarter of Pemberpines? Why do I keep saying that? Pined in University in Pemberpines. I don't know. It will place for a bunch of old parts anyway. You should do natural that a Pemberpines, Pemberpines, Pemberpines, then they go cemetery, village. Oh, oh! It knows how to be human being. That's why George moved out. Somebody will juice. Here's Pemberpines, hello. Hey, how are you doing? All right. Listen, man, I'm thirty-six years old, and I've always been in a solitary public end. Yes. But I got to tell you, I am at a total loss. I don't know how anybody in the right mind is both for George Bush. I wish somebody would call and explain it to me because I don't get it. I'm not saying Gordon is the greatest thing since he's writing. No, I've not. But then if he comes off his arrogant, why come off his at least knowing the issue that that's arrogant? Then I guess it's arrogant. No, that's all media spin. In other words, if he doesn't just sit back and mumble like you, Luberman, and the change did, then he's arrogant, and he's got some new trying to show our smarty, is compared to the dummy. Or thank God for centric village right now because you know who they're going to be voting for. That's right. Two or three times. Or a car to him, but you know, somebody's in lightning, man, because I don't get it, man. And I'm not lying when I say I've always voted repolver. I mean, maybe that's my fault. But there is no way on God's greener. If I want eight out of nine Supreme Court justice is being right, willing, conservatives. And if people think they can't overturn things, they can't screw up the country. They're dead wrong. You got it. Wake up, people. Wake up. Okay, I'm going to go. See, there you go. Five six, seven, five, six, you pump five, six, you on the 18. That's 4500 open lines here. Just like yesterday. Right after the debate. Eh, I don't have that opinion. Nothing. Just the same as you. You know, I got to do all the work. That's what they're paying me to be very strong. Do all the work that you've flagged, or maybe these people and tried, try to just, I don't know what. Try to knock some sense, try to get it, get some to think, try to get there with the greener that a working. Anything. So that's still up on 11 and then as the next up, about 200, which means the green span hasn't spoken to the course. Oh, won't that be nasty? How many opens up his mouth on? All these nine things. We've had like three or four good hours here already since nine 30 and the market opened this morning. No screw it up. Here's screwing you, but so long. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay. Did that last catch is stole all my thunder. I'll tell you something. And as that might be up to one of points, but you're, these, we communication screw has been having a slightly less acute reaction to the movement. That's like an eighth of a point. Is that all? Okay. Okay, I don't have it. I don't have it. I don't have one here. Okay. I'll talk with my super-close. I see it on your website. So I also a Republican also voting for Gore. Oh, right. Yeah, I gotta get a couple of things out of the way here. Number one, Neil, today you guys are talking about some of the bad complexions out there in this celebrity world. You know, those are another surprising bad complexions under layers of makeup as with the use of it. Really? Yeah. I'm delighted to hear that. Maybe you should write this one here. Bobby Brownfield is beating the crap out of him. She's forna a few other creators. I'll tell you who else has got a bad complexion. We mentioned we just the other day is Dean Kane from Morrison Clark. Are you really Dean, what's your name? Dean Kane. Got terrible wrong. Complexion. You guys can speak in. Yeah. I heard you were talking about that, but we have a friendship and work shield. I never heard about that. Oh, he claims that Dean Kane popped to her cherry, which is his expression. I just went. Yeah, sure. He supposedly quite the magnet though. I know. Yeah. And I know you're doing that show now. He's playing a flamer. So anyway, I wanted to give you a quick call and just basically go over the fact that, you know, I see both sides of this thing as pretty ridiculous coming from a Republican standpoint. I look at Goar as just, you know, again, the lesser two-evales clearly far and away to more intelligent and visual than more presidential and individual. You know, this whole, the bushening is just such a scary prospect of begin with. You look at the guy and think to yourself, he doesn't even look like he wants to be. He looks like he's actually a pilot on the street. So he believes in this entitlement thing. His name is Boisian and Daddy, I had a lot of money in. He's fell into a lot of money and therefore, because he's Boisian and Tyler Lee, and just handed me the keys to the White House and that's it. He doesn't want to go through all of this. Well, hey, you know, there's a lot of that attitude in this country right now today. Yeah. I mean, that's, that's, that is an actual reality of this country. I mean, that's part of the reason why you have to driving that you have on the highways around down here and south forward. Because everybody's got this attitude of selfishness. But everyone is about that. And there's no decent seat. There's no respect whatsoever. I don't know who you blame that for, but there's definitely an issue in this country that is about entitlement and people sense of entitlement. The bottom line is of her, some people call up here today and they're just, you know, they're so excited. They sound like they've got a bus to not, they're just all worried about what's happening with the Miami-Herald and everything else. Forget about the Miami-Herald. But so semi-literate newspaper with a bunch of people down here probably won't even end up loaded. And not nobody pays any attention that paper anyway. You know, years and years ago, like about three, four years ago, they just have some clouds and they could help people win or lose or better. They haven't been able to do that in a long time. They've got not that. Right. And as far as the prices concerned, the prices have decidedly liberal. That is a fact. Okay. There might be a few people out there, few areas in the press. Do you know if it's Chicago or Tribune? Oh, you keep talking about some guy entity in an eye that I don't know. I don't know who he is. I don't know how you can say that. I mean, Doug, you're as well. Oh, sure. We'll see. Again, you can name several ways. I, your head, look at what we usually most of us in our sort of city. Cal Thomas, George Will, most of the columns that we read in the news that William Schaffer are our conservatives and African surveys. Is it very few liberal? You know, you've got Ellen Grimmin as one, she's liberal. And you're saying, like, enough, though, the people you just name, Neil, are people that someone who is as literate and educated as yourself in the whereup, but the average men can poop, who get up every day, goes off to work, who comes home and watches who wants to be a millionaire and survivor on TV. Yeah. And hopes that his wife doesn't have an headache that night. He has no idea what George Will has said for the last six months or the last six years. He might know who he is because he's going to be jailed. He's just under the way. That's right. He's sitting there in a morning on Sunday and I'm doing this. But he's a person to it. He doesn't listen to it. He doesn't listen to it. But John, if you look in front of HBO movie that shows a lot, you know, the next to the matter is, next to the guys that you're listening to. Most people are listening to what Richard Geer tells them on people magazines front cover. Most people are paying attention to what I have with him. And if Hollywood isn't the least subscriber for long? Yeah. And if Hollywood isn't liberal and isn't you controlled, then I don't know anything at all because that's got to be a fact. Yeah. Okay. Well, when it's nice, I'm like, Reverend Kennedy, it's not a good idea. I'm not going to be a good idea. I'm going to jump right out a little bit. I mean, don't forget the one thing adequately I will tell you. Traditionally, I am absolutely going to report. But yeah, I think that doesn't make any of it. But we're just going to tell you what I'm trying to do. I'm trying to do it. You're trying to do it. I know for the little relics. Yeah. Into the argument and just say, what both sides, you're going to be a cynic about both things. Because I hear people calling up this radio station all day long. Oh, my God. You know, they're so upset. They want to make sure that Gore gets his son out of here. Oh, no. It's not because they're so great. It's because they're not. And you just said so yourself. They're just killing. Absolutely. And if you let me finish what I'm going to show you. It was the fact that I hear these people outside of the butter. Everything and they're so like, help that against like, grouping my God, I'm right. Bush is the wrong guy. You've got to vote for Gore and I'm just saying relax. Because these both of these guys have problems. If we can get Gore in their great. But he's not the greatest things to slice bread. Well, he's not going to put a bunch of ideas on this. It's a pain court. I'll tell you one. That's the one major problem that I have with Gore. I mean, with Bush excuse me, besides the fact that he's a complete man. I'm thinking of you know that there's all these powers in our back. And I don't know if you're going to hear that. When you give a land, who's obviously manipulated and controlled by special interest, by white wins, special interest, that's not the kind of guy you want to point in all the federal judges and Supreme Court judges. Well, I had a few more things for you. The last quick thing, and I'll call you another day. The these these panels that they have when they when they finish up at the Bager, right? You know, we're sitting there watching it and I'm living in the home. And I'm turned to my wife and I'm like, watch this guy. He's definitely going to be for Gore. Watch this guy. You can pick him out. There's people are so full of whatever. You do the only guy that tells you, and you do you land to wood like I said yesterday is his dad rather. He'll just capitalize it in 30 seconds and tell you will just hear the usual same old sound bites and the trait cliches. And he's right. Yeah. Absolutely right. Yeah. They're supposedly undetided. And then the minute they could think they start to speak. Like that guy's record. Yeah. Okay. I have a great thing in your thought. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and full monitor. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, you're great. Yes sir. Yeah, I just wanted to tell you, Matt. What's the Vianic right? Okay. There's the verification we've been looking for for several weeks now. Okay. We got 400 open lines here, which we've got now in eight minutes to kill. So I go for my therapy for my hand, which is doing pretty good. I just mentioned that again, not that anybody cares. How's that hand coming? In fact, Maddie brought us new this morning. How was coming? I made it first in my right hand and just punched his right to it. I just punched my right to it. What did you think about two feet tall? 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T. Also, Maddie does it like your anti-judgeorized Friday. Again, sticking his nose in your every time George does this show. And does his usual magnificent crap is still ringing, John. Maddie knows that a stick is nerves into it. I guess we're still having gotten through to him. And what a shame that he recovered from his ailments so soon. Here's a mobile and full monitor. Hello. Yeah, sir. I feel it for guests. Yes? Which president in the late 80s early 90s had their federal communications commission finding a radio station for the invi-conceived, including WIRG, New Roger and Howard Stern? Yeah. Which president had the FCC finding the same people in the 90s? I thought it was Baba. No. Yeah. It was Papa Bush. No, it was also Baba. You didn't hear what I just said. Doesn't make any difference because they have probably the FCC commissioners and the commissioners who put everything they want. And those come up. But Baba's commissioners weren't going after in the agency. Yes, they were. Well, I don't buy this a great. I've only been on a station for three years and we got to find where the finder is still pending. But we got to find the spending now for like 10 grand or whatever it is for us stuff that we played on the show. By the bill Clinton FCC, some of which is our right. Once upon a time. You're right. It's like somewhere which was said to be okay. It doesn't make any sense. You're forgetting one thing. And that is that birth party is now our first censorship. We don't have any great liberal law. Yeah, that's just eventually you're thinking of. He's not a party in a one of these parties. So there's nothing perfect there. I believe me. What the Democratic party is that is very, very light-years away from the impoverty. But it's the buffer. Okay. He's telling you that. Keep it. Keep it in your perspective. It's not like we got some great spectacular choice out there. That's the Messiah that's going to lead us to the promised land. I'll say the promised land again because we want to hear about the Israel. But you start talking about Israel is very important. And stop eating faith on the air. We're going to report it to you. Rabbi. And George is a count and two. You know, this yesterday I brought up a thing about the arrows and Honobudor. Any cause about that. Oh, that's good. They're a poor question tomorrow, which is more dangerous in error on Europe. Yeah. I understand it. We have a nervous breakdown. And I'm all here. They thought I said, Arabs are, they're going to, okay, in error bin. And we'll kill. Yeah. The shit could error be. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. And if take Israel and take Fidel and take all of that stuff and stick it in your pipes. So, smokes in good weed somewhere. Get out of our face. Stop for hacking us a China with his nonsense. And I keep trying to tell you the whole show George's on the fight. It was a put on. Even Gregory was in here yesterday. More I can graduate him and do it a big put on and putting one over. You audience. Feel a little bit think from Phil. Are you sure I'm positive? And now he wanted me to knock. Because that'll kill a whole deal. You know. Goes out in the hallway. Get some secretary. Here's a moishi a pop-back from Israel. And she's a, you know. She spoke Hebrew. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I heard he said, Cox, or Faiser, grab a time. That's a year to go to England. Here's Orlando. Hello. Marzetta, religion better language. Yes sir. There was a key part in that debate when Gore finally had Bush on the issue of taking the trillion out right now. Yes. Taking it out. That was right at the end. And then Bush says, all on all high school debating tactics is to attack your opponent. But yeah. He's, he was, because he takes the trillion out right now. So I went into shit tricks or whatever. And then the trillion that comes right out right now. He's a cut in social security paychecks right now. And he looked, and he looked at Japanese and Jim and Jim said of weird saying, all right. Hands up the question. Right. Just answer the question. He said, answer the question Mr. Perinoa, like these they caught. Please, they caught a bit of a moderator. Because he's finally out and right there. But the, on this reelection thing in Texas, what he got reelected that time, he keeps bragging about that. The guy he ran against was so bad and such a poor candidate that the Democrats and the Bush, they just knew there was no way Bush was going to lose that second time. So they're saying, I'm not finally on labormen. He's, he's not, he is, he is not a relinquishing. His Senate seat, he is continuing to run for that. So if Gore and leave him in win, leave him in that seat will be there will be a, and the problem with the government. They're going to show you what a stupid move of me. First of all, he's from Connecticut. The Democrats are already going to win Connecticut. Whether they hit him on the figure or not. Secondly, being a Jew and especially in Orthodox Jewish, not going to turn out to be an asset. It's going to be a liability. And clearly, like you said, as an Democrats, really hope to, especially now that we had the death in Missouri there, and if they hooked them in over the Senate, the fact that they're going to give away his seat in Connecticut is like a death now. And that was a very poor choice. So if we get one big ball. Okay, fine. See. Yeah. Ha ha ha. Come. What is the truth of these? You're almost ready, if you want. For sure, you'll find you at the WPMI heavyboard mother bail. I'm a measly broadcastman. WPM.com. Oh, no. And I'll mention another one to another. Red and blue, blue and this time. Good night. Good night. On entertainment. Good night. Mr. Gore, thanks for the interview. You look kind of uncomfortable. So can you need to do number two? All the puppy's mean. I know a lot of you have that feeling too. I'm sorry. Someone's in the wrong room. Can you hold it? Sometimes. Yes. Yes. Yes. I am going. You look like you're in a little bit of pain there for a while. I've been getting to see the future. Tonight. I'm entertained. You've been in the studio. You know, I've been there. You've been there. You've been there. One out two, five, six, two, WPM. Hank over you over you from David Vusty. You're two of the second, don't. A priest of boycott and the smartest man in the world are in an airplane that's about to crash. There are only two parachutes on board. The pilot takes one to smartest man in the world takes another one. And the priest tells the boycott takes the last one because he's had a full life and he wants to board a live. The boycott, the smartest man in the world just jumped out with my backpack. Thousands, four weeks today at Hooray's. I saw a bear Miguel. So we continue with some serious money. We've got to be right up there about 30 grand, I would say. For plant-parenthood considering our late start. I would say it's pretty damn good if you asked me. Don't forget our best to meal season, cassette there all at specs. And you can also order them and the key change from your rungs.com or wqwm.com. So I'll please the boycott answer it. That was good. The first time I'd have not tried again. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. How is that tail coming today? United States is one of the safest, most civilized countries in the world. 22.4% 51 on the 268, 260. No better or worse than those countries for violence, 71. I just want to have filled with gunnuts and scumbags. 177 or 40 per cent, almost half. Which means that almost half of our people have been someplace else. Some place safe like maybe Columbia. Here is a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Yes, thank you. How about you, how are you? Very good. I just want you to have so obvious things to you. I have to all these years, what was it about? 18 years ago, we used to go show. No, I had, I had. Not even. I'm in with the dating shows. You have a little sweet. So anyway, what am I? I was listening earlier. I had just gotten in the car. And then one of the things that I noticed about being here. Seeing you at the night, you know, the debate, where this, when they asked Bush about the man, then that we've been killed. Did you notice the expression on his face that was almost like the big thing. The big thing that was with the tongue hanging out tripping and the brave man that kind of killed. Yeah. Did you notice the look on his face? Yeah. He actually, that was in the earlier debate. That was in the first one. No, no, it was the last one because from that strike, you're right. It was the first one. And he said it about two or three times that the question was wrong and go show the male the monorite there because only two of the three were executed in the third one. Got life in prison. And he kept the look on his face. You know, I watched body line, which is something I was wearing. It was like, it's the green. I'd like to probably write one of the guys asked him that question. I guess that was the episode in the last three. Right. Yeah. Same thing. Here we are. I'm very nervous about this election now because as you said, I'm mostly concerned about the Supreme Court. And when it strikes and then the right sub-trial that I see for, I don't know. I think we got a shot. I really do. I hope you write. Anyway, it's very good talking to you. Okay, Bobby. And to the knock. Take care. Five. Bobby, Simon. That was Bobby, Simon. He used to be a baby and show things. Remember those days? No, you don't remember those days. No. That was W.S. News. He wrote about him. Yeah. But five six, seven, five, six, he pumped five, six, he got a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Yeah, that's that thing about from Jonathan, which I'm saving his back. Let me give you his email address again. Jonathan at ISTnetwork.com. All one word ISTnetwork.com. So we got these right wingers who are like, uh, and it's so sad. It's pathetic, but it's there you've got it. Understandament County are doing with. Talk about beef and unfair, and it just like the way they try to get bubble from the day that he took office from there before he got sworn in. They were after him. And we had the sexual pack of pillows. And we had white water. And we wasted $60 million worth of tax money. And then finally yesterday, well, certainly a may not have known this and a whole thing's a power crap and goodbye. And that was a $60 million rating. They tried everything but standing on their heads, including giving head and it's still didn't work. And for all of our his quarters, bubbles of approval were still up there. And the meantime, we may never get a piece of the Middle East because it's never going to happen. But at least, at least they said, okay, we'll have some mottet again. The whatever the hell he said. To give it a shot. He gave it a good shot. He got to make Johnson, roll cool, have it in him. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Mobile in Miami, hello. Any hour here. Okay. First of all, your operation, I would enjoy it every time. I just think you have a lot of farming, a lot of it's sending there. I'm going down on the other side. I mean, I mean, I mean, that you said it's nothing good to shoot from. Right now, either the mottet or the public can't. But a lot of people are saying about the bush, specifically that they come from a state of the series. But that's a pretty complete completely from the state. You mean, I want to experience an engine engine engine engine engine engine engine. Yeah. Washington, some mean, at that point, you know, I mean, you needed a Jimmy Carter, you needed Ronald Reagan with the latter California. You needed a Franklin Roosevelt with the governor of New York. Exactly. You know, he's throwing it there, not point. And then about a little bit, I mean, you have some knowledge, whether or not he's going to win after by foot, you'll see. You want to do the reservation in the centers, you know, I'm not talking about covering your ass, you know. Right. All right. I never do very. And back to you. Of course, you know, and then the business, who I hope I will be comparing to Kennedy, I'm a guy when I heard them talking about that. Oh, that's right. Was that Bill Schneider, we get on CNN that idiot. He's always analizing the pool. I think somebody on the analizes pool. Talking about the Kennedy election debate, and then comparing Bush to JFK, I mean, seriously. I'm waiting for Lloyd Benson, even though he's there. Make it come back, Lloyd. To come up to the Bill Schneider, I knew John Kennedy and guess what? George W.A. No John Kennedy. Give him a little school kid, knows that. Can you imagine that? Comparing his watch of Bill, I mean, JFK didn't just have charisma. I mean, he was a leader like him or not. At least he had enough personalities to convey it and convince people to pull a little of our eyes. And think that he wasn't really screwed about all that time. That's what he was doing something meaningful. And let me see it again. What do I do with that thing? I want to read it on your every guy band day. Because this is one of the most important parts of the selection. If you want religious fanatics running this country, then by all means vote for George W. Direct quote, John F. Kennedy, I believe in an America where the separation of church and state of absolute, where no religious body sees to impose it to a directly or indirectly upon a general populist, where every man has the same way to attend or not attend the church or the church or the church. Where there were no Arabs in Hollywood, where there was a house eating watch that or not. Yeah. And this business about, what does he have faith-based charity, all that crap? Jeff, it's just called for the religious right. Just like the thing about school about you, corporate, peripheral school, churches, churches. So that's what you're talking about. That's correct. That's suck it up to his damn religious right buddies. The Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell and James Dawson crowd. Which is what seemed to me that Mr. Dawson's got enough trouble to learn with a one-aid that was caught in the John Park guy caught in the gay bar up there. And then the other guy, the other day that was found to be a hanky-panky, having an affair and had a quit. He's a right-hand man, the troubleman. Yeah, the troubleman. Couldn't keep his troubleman's trousers, but I don't even need the problem. At Dalkerers, private queens, you name it. That's what you got with that crowd. I'm going to say that the one is five, sixty-two, two-way in. I am not an object. And now the first question has to turn about, flip over coin and go to Vice President's goal. Vice President Gore, you have questions where the Governor Bush as the experience to be president of the United States. What exactly do you mean? You go up to do unmoving, unmoving. You're a lot to do. Got a very smart net of the bottle. Got a lot of that. You can't have a bigger soul of that. He's a fair to say, okay, the difference is between Vice President Gore and George W. Bush, the Governor Bush of the fall. You are for doing something on the consumption in, you're for doing something on the production. I'm not telling you. Let me clarify. Oh, so for a minute, a minute, a minute. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, the Governor Bush. If elected President, would you try to overturn the FDA's approval last week of the abortion bill? Are you 46? Oh, God, I'm a little proud of him. I'm a little proud of him. I'm a little proud of him. Oh, no, no, no, no. I'm a little proud of him. I'm a little proud of him. I'm a little proud of him. You're not a little. That's pretty good. Oh, he mowed, mowed, mowed, mowed. Moo, Moo, Ng-chatsa-Mong, Y-A-Y-A. That'll, I will go to the Supreme Court Question of The Lgruppa. Make sure and understand your position when I hire you for a sac. If you're elected , statute of appointment, Mr. the FDA, you do not support legislation to overturn this. I'm going to take a picture of the camera. I'm going to take a picture of the camera. I'm going to take a picture of the camera. I'm going to take a picture of the camera. I'm going to take a picture of the camera. I'm going to take a picture of the camera. I'm going to take a picture of the camera. I'm going to take a picture of the camera. I'm going to take a picture of the camera. I'm going to take a picture of the camera. I'm going to take a picture of the camera. I'm going to take a picture of the camera. I'm going to take a picture of the camera. I'm going to take a picture of the camera. What are you doing? What are you doing? Thank you Governor Bush. Vice President Moore. See you next week. And for now, from Boston, I'm going to thank your ten business. Let's take the 50,000, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, and 50, and the 80, and the Verizon wireless line. Here's a call from San Jose, California, by Julee Hilo. Good morning, you're a good afternoon, my queen. Yes, you're a good morning. Happy to your hell, are you? OK. I'm a little concerned about people in California. There's a big ground floor with support here for Ralph and Aether, and they don't really realize that if both are Naedars of both for both for both. That is correct. Will you better spread the road get that sign out? That's right. I'm telling you, the tree harvest here seems to think that Ralph and Aether is some kind of solution. Well, let me ask you something. What county in California is Ralph May to win? Zero. Right. Absolutely zero. How many are electrolytes, Ralph May to win? Probably next to none. No zero. Just like about how successful growth is going to be in Dear Board Michigan with all the Arab safety touch. Right. Can we switch gears off for a second? Yes. We're better than long ago. Last night. By the way, the channels, what the hell's your name in the glory to pay for channels, they might say to get Dallas? And this is tobacco. Oh, man, he's way, way, came. I don't get it. He was great. He could steal, he could take Steve Shields job. Yeah, he could take phenomenal. He has played phenomenal because we thought that no one still shields comes back. She was skating again this morning, by the way, they could be able to. We're very long ago. My work takes me to Portland in Seattle and I've become a big fan of junior hockey. Right. I saw the memorial cup in 98 and we're going to Longa just got blown out in that tournament. Yeah. He didn't say that great with the island. There's an insane, insane setting in the back of a net last night. If you had an overcon, I mean, it's six out of men. I didn't even see. You could watch if he wasn't that late out by you, but would be at after two period I went to bed. Because your body's torn. Yeah, yeah, if you follow in the pants, that's the road. But I don't know if you could see the replay for a try to get out. So end to end as in overtime. And Phoenix thought of the luxury time. He caught the pop-up. He bailed the check his guy. And Joe Juno, who's washed up for five years. Right. But what did it? I mean, you think the Wongo is the man. So why? I don't know. I mean, the part of the game that I saw he played pretty good. He hadn't gave up those rules by the time I stopped watching. Yeah, but he didn't play it. But you only had 24 shots left. And I saw some of the games he played with the other as well. He really looked pretty damn good to me. Well, I don't think there's got to be a lot. So I just don't know if he's a man. And I know seeing him in the world of kept getting blown out. Yeah, but you gotta keep on thinking about it. The problem with I keep telling people here. The problem with this team is not good, but he gets beef in. Oh, is that problem for most teams in the NHG? No, of course. That is correct. I mean, the go-to guy here is Gary Sutter. He's a beefloast. How does that, man? He's only 100 years old. Yeah, he's why, and then he got a couple of sleeves. You know what, John, Charlie says they're going to corner with a dozen eggs. They come out with him intact. Uh-huh. One last thing. I think that's a good question. Oh, yeah. One last thing, sir. I think I'd say you're an agricultural friend. Dominic, the plumber isn't he great? Dominic, the plumber? Yeah. Didn't he come and do it? He told me he came here. I often did a clog for you. Well, maybe when I wasn't there. Oh, okay, pal. All right, sir. Dominic, the plumber. Is not a word of my coastal friends, uh, do you know? Oh, yeah, sure. What? Do you remember anybody named Dominic the plumber? I don't. Maybe he knows Izzy. Oh, no, that was Izzy again. Izzy would be calling again. Your great guy is the bazaar. Good on my roof. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, on the AT&T and Glyra. I'm talking hockey against. We want to hear about Izzy. And that relentless set of adventures talk with a hockey set. Nobody here cares about that. What's wrong with him? I said, what's wrong? People want to talk about the Middle East about Izzy. What's that? How do you say? It's, uh, yeah. So, waste of time. Any word that you might utter about it is just the energy Expended for not. Here's a mobile on Hollywood. Hello. Oh, and I was just seeing. Hey. Do you see him? I see him. I see him. I see. I see. And then he could candy bars lately. Anybody out there buy a good walks lately? I see. Anybody out there buy a good walks lately? No, I have not. In fact, right. You know something all I money that the mid-Turacies losing me to market, the interest on the $2,000 probably ought to get me even by now. Yeah, is it odd? What? Okay. Whatever. Anybody know what he said? Yeah, that's what I thought he said. So, do you mention where people could get the power to get what to look? I said in a bookstore or that's the website. Did you already know that's that's what I was talking about? EE, EE, I owe you. I don't know if I kept that one. I had so many bad infacts yesterday. I, uh, it was eee. Something. And something like a clansulum. I don't know. You got to go out of for $8.40. Somebody had to find it. Huh? Here it is. The website is e-campus. Yeah, totally. It can't be. That has something to do with like, uh, yeah, a school. A school. E-campus.com. $8.40 in French shipping. E-campus.com. Because a lot of the books there is written on your out of it. I wonder why that is, huh? One of the books there is a lot of not of Paul L. Gallows' Great book. It's got a red and yellow cover on a fun and bush pointing at his forehead like and asking, is our children learning a direct quote from George W. Graham Raff, as Michigan January 11, 2000. And if you think that quote is done, what can you read? A lot of the other books. See, and you notice one thing. Now, one person, now one bush person has called his show and denied that bush is done. They've come with all the other suburbids and all these other excuses. But now one person has denied that he's done. Because he's done. There he is. Makes sense. You're right. I told you, I always make sense to me and I did again right there. They don't deny that he's done because he's done. It's like I've had a play with dog crap right here in front of me. And we had 50 people who wanted building comments. Not one of them would deny there was dog crap. Let's play on them. Yeah, and it's no right crap. That's what maybe Josh Friedman was here. Here's Papa, no. Hello. Yes, sir. You keep repeating this thing from Kennedy. I'd like to remind you what the idea is. I've just even said. Yeah. It's not the Pope, I see. It's the Pope. Electric that same phrase where to fly in this race is going on now. What do you think? Five six seven five six the Pope five six the I was even concerned about. No, it's the blues that I should not the Pope. See you're telling us from upstate New York or Canada. Any word, no, it's not. No, it's not. No, it's West. No, it's West. It's not West. It's Papa. It is. It's sure. Took a long time to start saying soda. Oh, now let me just tell you one thing. When I like to Michigan State, I had these assholes or my roommate. One of them and these assholes from New York who think that the whole. Like the world series now. Oh yeah, everybody's all with that. No, I'm not with that. I don't care who wins more power to them. But get out of my life. I don't care. The rest of the world most of us don't care about New York. And so when we would refer to on and of course we had to say our own areas. Look at that. What a right on to with a stupid Yankee cab. Joe Carsello. Who thinks that Marie by the rum was really trying to push you close. Mousey right through. What's in in Christine Aguilera. But anyway, so the thing was soda pop. Now in New York, if you go in and ask for soda. You're a city crew. You get an inquiry. You get like an ice cream soda. Now what are the, the they don't call it pop in New York. What's on the car? I don't know. They're so good. I just backed myself into a corner because I haven't been in New York in the long time. Thank God. And I don't want to see wouldn't you be in an in the storm purpose. But I don't know what the hell they call a Coke. Coke. Everything was Coke. No one is not. What if you want to orange soda? Coke. Orange. Orange. Yeah. See the New York. When they would tell us how to speed properly. Like then. Right. That this is correct. You can say, all these assholes from New York, you're not there young age. Even teenagers. They were very arrogant and obnoxious. And with tell us, this is the right way to run by real people. And now I will think to myself, yeah, but you're from New York. I thought you said real people. In fact, my roommate wasn't even from New York. He was from kind of fly in New Jersey. How do you like that? Here's baby. Hello. And guess what my roommate's name was? Tom Baby. Baby. Hello. Okay. Good. I'm Tom, right there. Get out of here, Tom. You're ugly. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, palm five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Out of Tom line is open. Did we ever get the car from Orlando and they go by like. And it forgot to do it. Huh? Because those cars from Orlando are always bad. I don't know. In all my life, I'm 25 years in this market. I think I've ever had three real cars from Orlando. It's always about a bunch of radio groupies and a bunch of stupid crap. That is that a horrible place. It makes campus same people look like Manhattan. Speaking of New York. Looks like a bunch of sophisticated. Did anybody any New Yorker call in and tell you what they call like a soda? Like what we call soda, like a cocoa, a Pepsi, or something they ain't by Call of Teller? They said soda. Well, that's not a CM confused now. Pop. They don't say pop. Here's somebody to tell us all. Yeah. Yes, sir. Neil. In New York. New York City. A soda could refer to anything. Coca-Cola, cream soda, an egg cream, upstate New York. They refer to it as pop pop. They do. In Michigan. Right. Or in Ohio. I don't know about the Pacific Northwest. But up in the northern Midwest. It's all pop. But in New York, a soda is any kind of a carbonated drink. Okay. Thanks a lot. All right. Can't feel better now. No, too. I'm not going back to New York. No, no, no. I don't want to go there. Too many goddamn people. Zerg ain't going there too many. Sure. 26 after one at 5. 52 a.m. This is 5.60. 2 a.m. The Neil Roger show. Sport radio. 5.60. A.M. Absolutely. I'm going. This is a cover from Stephen Rine, Moor, Janice. Every side of the planet. At the orphan. To the best band cut you around. Or as in. There are some things you'd best to music from friends. You just said that. You're not my. I'm not. That's a very. And you do. And you do. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. That's a very. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. And you do. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. Stop on by when you are. You're what you're. I'm very. And she. I'm. And. You. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. So. Then. So. So. 506WQ, I'm here to the facts from Lulu who says, you mentioned the W.S. News Day, you know, how many I do what happened to Sandy Payton, how many of you have anything about her in a long time? You know why her show is not an appreciate it Lulu. Although even she's not anymore, on any words because her show sucked that number one, she had no audience to number two, and number three she ran away with ambushed body. You do a while here. And that's what I heard. Then, to pick up what we left off with this thing that was thanks to me yesterday, this was pretty good stuff which, at the group, which nation nation out ahead of most sex, American sex most often is here while older teens and young adults in the pandas at least. Most sex people said they're going to about sex from their mothers while the Americans attributed their knowledge to their fathers. Father, can you help armsur? What's the tendency that we're told about sex by their brothers and sisters while French accredited to their dead partners? Americans were the earliest tab sex in average of 16.4 years, followed by Brazilian 16.5, the French 16.8, the French also seemed that the most sex partners in the world, the French were 15.7 each. The Greeks were second with 15 partners, black owned each followed by Brazilians, the 12 and a half in American's 11.8, how you spell them that. In the end, with most faithful to their partners, with 82% in their head, several only one person. The survey said 61% of those aged 16 to 20, and 52% of those aged 21 to 24, preferred condoms for contraception, and the purpose not to please about that. 13% of respondents said they use no form of contraception at all while 8% of the youth natural methods. 8%. The survey also said that most men thought American stars Madonna and Jennifer Lopez were the sexiest females or rubberies. How do you like that? Supermodel Cindy Crawford and actress Denny Moore who used to be demimored, but is now Denny Moore, which I for second place, while you were due to Robert's rank third, Titanic star, Kate Winsler, the former Spicerol, jury Hallowaw, was released as a rebel, getting just 2% of the votes while kind of a specific graph of a number of votes. So, Cindy Crawford and Denny Moore, who wants you to do this for me? Oh, Madonna and Jennifer Lopez, wow, I hope nobody in this crowd had a big lunch. What are we going here? Here's a four-laridale, hello. Hello? Yes sir. I'm Kameo. Yes, I am. Long time airport, everyone still loves you, the airport. Excellent. How do you handle all my good friends that you're a candidate? Yeah, you got it. I'm in for a larger than that one. I was reading one of the papers from New York, like the poster, one of those rag. Right. And they had an article about the imbezzling tweets, or whoever he was, you heard about that one? Well, could be another one, I mean, there's so many. So, it's one of the big guys in New York, one of the main, you know, it was a monceineer, but one of those... Oh, I don't even think I'm going to be a big fan of yours, if you want to go in Tantos, so this is another one. Oh, this is brand new $2 million. Alright. The church turned around, smuggled into Canada for a retreat. So, you can re-fulack upon his, so he can be too giving. Yeah. That way, so the church, you know, they'd even wait for any, you know, kind of investigation. Don't be so stupid. Grab them and haul them right to Canada. You're doing it. No, they didn't send me the Mexico. It's getting pretty crowded with those guys there. That could be. Okay, thanks for the good news. We love you. Okay, go ahead. Father, you can help and all along for boy. I'm a Catholic. Okay. 135 at 560WQA, and 5605056, the pound-five 60 on the AT&T, and realize the wireless line. Thank you, or they're giving busses at 2. We're going to be on this cook at 5. For a cool hotline from Raymond Honda to the 60-cluck. The line with a buck's Tuesday night football, 8 o'clock, 8 o'clock, 8 o'clock, 8 o'clock, 8 o'clock, after NFL football. Got it? Here's how you eat it, hello? Hello, hello. You know, just because you know, I just published a ticket, I mean, you would not see good friends. Yeah. I mean, breaking was a great public speaker. I'm sure you wouldn't want to work for him. So what does that mean? That just because busses are more... It's not a question whether he's a public public speaker to question if there's any no the fact there's any substance to them. That's not how he articulate. He didn't graduate from Harvard, to regret you waited for him from Yale. Well, say... Yeah, yeah, thank difference. And he only got in the Yale because of the fact that they were a bunch of blue noses up there. They were the busses. And he graduated with what they call a gentleman's seat. You better do your homework, sir. A gentleman's seat, which means he really probably flunked every class, but a gentleman's seat means they gave him like kind of their own affirmative action in past the Montral. Because that he would have been upset and probably paid a lot of money. He could have been his degree. Got it? So, however, just because he's illiterate, and just because he can't put a sentence together, that doesn't mean he's not going to make a great president. Yeah, look at the last dummy we had in their Gerald Ford. Was he a great president? No, he had great congressmen from Michigan. Oh, no. 140 years in a goddamn house of representatives never introduced one meaningful piece of legislation, Gerald Ford. The best thing he was known for was that big of a party. And even got those two brothers in California, and they were all pissed off. Squeaky Frommel was yet to come on, squeaky Frommel and yet to always just pay the party. I think he was very hollow up. Yeah, she wanted to spice it up a little bit. I'm not going to put the other one with us. Wow, I have to say, I know squeaky Frommel, I remember that one. Because just squeaky, she said the squeaky view gets degrees, that's what they said the Hollywood movie had to watch him. Here's a lady in panel, I'll tell you. About her? Yes, ma'am. I'm doing okay. And you have been reading the opinion that I'm going to read more. Thank you. Did you read the opinion section this morning? Did the son about the presidential issue? A presidential issue? A presidential issue? No, it is. No, it is. I'd like to hear some feedback on that about the party. Because it's very, very, very important. I would like to hear some. I would want to hear some of those. That's what I was saying. It says that Bush and Grey are postponating in what the official line work are being made. Well, I was funny that you should bring that up because they had a big piece of the news of the night about the fact that even the bilingual advocates and California for 30 years of not being effective. They discovered that by making it illegal to have the bilingual education. That the Mexicans, the other kids coming in are already much, much faster. They're great. Their test scores are not only an English, but a math. Our much improved and they're doing much better. much better. My language education doesn't work. Well, and there are some issues in the author, I say, which is a seven-to-moo. It's not so difficult for the new arrival to America who have not mastered English as a crime during language, as you say. They have to be immersed in English immediately. That's still the key. Well, I don't understand them. The codes are not. Because their pain, they should understand their pain. Oh, oh, oh, oh. There you go. Oh, oh. Praise you, simple. Thanks. Have a great day. I mean, he actually saved the 15th of on-shr. Isn't that what George Zabba said? But he's reading. He's reinventing the Spanish language. I mean, can't say who else can say that, but the E.C. says, just because he's not a good public speaker. Yeah, yeah, you forgot about that. Christ, it's too close back. 21 before 21, 560 WCW. The blue, the blue, the my jockey shorts. Oh, some Washington. Number block one would. He's reading, oh, oh, a clip. Jack Jemont and sitting in for a pat weekend. New York giant Tiki Barber. No, here's John Leblockland. You want George W. Reigns of vault. Oh, no, clip. Well, don't you want it, say. Oh, Jack Jemont. Well, that's not a easy choice. Oh, Tiki Barber. I'm gonna have to say the book. Oh, Angela. Angela. Law exercise. That's why the nation is joined. Next issue. Al Gore. Favorite Broadway show. Bring in the noise, bring in the phone. Oh, cast. Oh, no, I think it's well, no. Wow, John, I must say. Wrong. Jack Jemont. Well, that's a very difficult choice. Oh, and Tiki Barber. I'm gonna have to say, right? Not a choice. We Tiki Barber. You gave it it to Lester. That wasn't a choice. Oh, correct, this ponds. Cast. Kee-o-ob-zom. Next issue. The cast of big brothers should be murdered. Oh, no. You're into strong. Jack Jemont. I know my wrong Tiki Barber. I don't think they should be. Well, an excellent, a poison pudding. Bye, bye. All right. He's the best. 144 at 5.50, WQA. Like I said, nothing like a fashes to a good pinto humor. Well, here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, deal. Yes, sir. I just want to let you know I'm here in Buffalo, eating the sandwiches and that. And also, I'm definitely going to go on. And that's what I'm going to say that George Bush. Yeah. Is a coagulated crust on a rectum of America. OK, thank you. I guess we finally got to diagnose this thing. We're waiting on that. 5.67056, we're pumped by 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I pulled the day. The United States is one of the safest, most civilized countries in the world, 76 on the 20.2 per cent of our foolish enough to make an erroneous statement like that. No problem about that attention, kid. It got shot here. Go as home and we come here, healthy. Smile on a safe, go as home and we'll share a couple for life. No better or worse than most countries for violence, 92.8.1%. A slaughterhouse filled with gun nuts and scumbags. 1548.3%. And all this garbage about the second amendment rights and about the right to have a gun. And all this, this like I had a fact yesterday, which I wouldn't even dig the fire with a response, but I'll bring it up not because it's finally. And any other facts about why, you know, in Germany that took away all the guns and then George pointed out before in cancer, or you know, it's the first thing to take away people's guns. But you know something, if everybody in this country had a gun, how effective would they be against the tanks and against the neutron bombs? You think you'd have much of a chance? No, I don't think so. It's just another lame excuse for this country continuing to hang onto that wild, Westman quality that much or thing, that's a very similar thing. All these guys were there guns. The more guns they got, the smaller their penises, I'll play that right now. So watch out. Okay. Great. I thought I'd get rid of my little naked grow, but it didn't. Here's the lady in higher ear, hello. Yes, man. You're my radio guru. Mm-hmm. I need you to uncomperease me about that, Princess. Yes? Well, these people that are calling in and saying that they're undecided, what are they waiting for? They think that the bull moves part is going to bridge the red teddy roads without for something that's last minute. That's a good idea. Let's go kill some more Indians. You know, everything that is out there is out there. And you've got to pick up at a distance point. You can't just wait for less. Yeah, I don't understand these. And they like when they do these focus groups, they're a couple of people that'll say, well, you know, I thought that girl was going to an asset busher and education was there. And then I'll say, well, then if you know, I still, I'm waiting to hear what? What are they waiting to hear? Maybe they're waiting for something else. They will call her birthday, each average. That might be a question. I know, I don't think Bush is giving it a willing to take the blood test though. That's what I'm hearing. You know, no human test though, blood test. We're rushing so far to the right bit by the time if they wait for the next presidential election, they'll probably have to take a witness test to take base to find out if they can get a card to vote. Thank God for that apartment and Amsterdam. That's all I'm telling you. Oh, yeah. Might be moving in next door. Good luck sweetheart. You kidding him. I'll speak. On that side, I forgot. Maybe I was listening on the computer over there. Maybe Peter. Maybe my landlord Peter. What a great guy he is. I hope he got that thing straight now with that TV said, Peter. I bet you know what I mean. Yeah, they're probably listening right now. I'll sing what is that flag on the radio from Miami. Has what he does for what I'm making all my money, that you're squeezing out of his pocket. Speaking of squeezing money out of your pocket, how about stuff a little bit in there? What are you saying? I'm just just kidding. I'm a Neil Roger show. Sports radio live 60. I see you. A fan. Holy cow. Airm's coming. This is a story of a girl who's out of luck. I'm in the door. Just a jackpot. She got a jackpot. Got a jackpot. Got a jackpot. Why is Bobby's back? She takes my. What she was waiting for. And now, it is so well beaten from ridge bed. And the two girls beat ooh Zu hockey. No football. And it's eggplant. One of the weaknesses? One of the abductees. One wasrozensake where the final team is become. One called Bun. But with two kids who didn't involve in football they would manage and pick up their prize. It's been down. Once we've been through your five, six, you're double your two way. I'm Joe Costello's right around the ackeys and four, the ackeys with. Well, I just said you said it. I don't want to matter how much go for it. Go if you're going to be out of one of our unbreakable and then go for the swoop and then if they lose one, the ackeys in five. I don't like either teams. Okay, and since they're both from New York, I don't have the thing about New York like George Bush, so George has got this enormous, how slowly he told me. But he gave me a look like that. You've always said you hate New Yorkers, or New Yorkers, yeah. New Yorkers. I mean, that's not that. That's the problem of New Yorker. It would be New Yorkers that there are New Yorkers there, like the problem of France, it's silver fudgemen. I love the New Yorkers in New York. Yeah, because the government of the way of New York, the United Nations one came here while we know that. And of course, like George says, there's a lot of Jews there, which he gets very upset with. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six, six, six, the only 18, two, and Verizon Wireless Line. I said leave the George wait in the middle of Brooklyn. Right between the House, to them and the Elessor Orthodox. And let him straighten that up. Let me be able to do it in the Gorshieter. Yeah, you maybe can play Pinnacle on Doomsday, in the Gorshieter. Here's Parcel and Hello. Neil God, hockey day here. Yes, sir. Little calm down now, but I want to kind of rip into that asshole called earlier about Recono's ego. Yeah. You know, the guy he's doing is, he's doing his research. Even though the long-go-play for the high-enders last year, I don't think anybody could have looked good on Long Island last year. So for him to go through two periods and then in five minutes into the third period, give up a goal against Team White Phoenix. Right. And only give up two goals yesterday. And I guess this guy forgets that the one goal that he gave up well made a bad clearing pass and went and off somebody's skated and that pretty hard to stop those. Yeah. I mean, what does he want Kirk McLean who's giving up 14 goals and last 13, three games for New York? Yeah, these two people just don't understand that our problem is not, and it's, it's, it's a trade. I was really excited about the trade, but only Yoke and him so far shows me nothing. That's number one. And number two, if you're gonna trade away it could like Mark Parrish, who scored a lot of goals. You've gotta have somebody else who's gonna square for you. And the fact is you got Bury and Whitney scoring goals and who also they got to score goals? Nobody. And that's the problem. I mean, I thought it was the terrific trade, but you've gotta replace Parrish with somebody that can stick to the biscuit and the basket and we don't have that. Right. I mean, this guy also has to look at the longer going 21 years old. You know, he's a kid and he's only gonna get better as he goes right. And speaking of kid, we got Trevor Kiddy. So you know, whichever one is harder to remember, we got, which most things don't have the luxury. I mean, at least there's something that happens to Curtis Joseph. We gotta fall back on Glenn Healey, which quite frankly, I'll pass on that thank you. Right. You know, and I was excited, you know, at least I figured it would be a blow out last night, the way they've been playing. Yeah. I figured, that's gonna be tomorrow on the first night. We were looking, we were gonna lose 10 to 1. You know, and, and losing over time, two to one, you know, we still get the point. You know, I'd like to see them win a game. Well, it would be a good one. It would be nice if they win a game, because if not the next Wednesday, when the next home game comes, we'll be able to have our own section. That's it. You know, four games in the season, everybody's given up on the theme already. Mm-hmm. Yeah. So that's it, Neil. But if you want, it would be fun having a new coaching GM, the one that's. Hey. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. I'm asking something I watched that show only to see the theatrics that he put John John McLaughlin and the end. That's not fair, partly, because he's always rushed, always rushed to the time, and he'll be in the middle of the set. Bye-bye. Love it. I'll hit the left, bye-bye. If I could've never hit where you used to say, when everybody got on the train, bye-bye. They're just going for a ride. He'd do it to get that big smile on his face. He'd watch yours. And he'd get that big smile on his face. There was some going in there, whether it's you've seen a bunch of fags to hide what we've got to show up, but they were probably going. Here's a lady mobile and poor waterdale, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. First time calling me, I want to make you aware of something. Okay. Certainly, immensely. I am an independent boat. A well-behaved other day, I go to my mailbox. Here's a letter from my best friend. So I can't strictly say, Barbara Bush. I open the letter, and Roma Holt, she has four pages. A home of yellow, telling me about George, how he tried to get his wife's pregnant. She had the two twins, a hot time that she had. Yeah. I'd try to have a bloody thing not to sit in the waistpink for that. Maybe that's what you over the edge. I think it's hard. I said, maybe that letter in the mailbox put you over the edge. It's certainly due to a different reporting bush. I think it's hard. I said, maybe it's chaseier away from the burning bush. It's certainly due to a different reporting bush. You know where Miso is being passed? Yes, yes, where. Go up. There you go. Yeah, that's the only way to get back to these people. I think there's a three-best. Papa, Mama, and real George. And just like George said, the other day, first time was too cold and then too hot or whatever was in, then I just went. Right, and this problem is here.