3-0, 5-60, WQAM-My. I know you're right. I know you're right. It's 4-3, 4-5-16, WQAM-My. I mean for Loderdale, presents the new. I know you're right. I know you're right. 5-6-7, 0-5-60, toll-free for 8-in-powered, more pound-five-sixly on yourself. Oh, there are the opinions of the O'B. His guest's followers are anyone else on the show? Do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM. I mean, we'd have to be really reinquisitioned for the FQR test. Now, Neil Watch has a sports radio 5-6-3, QAM. If, why do you first use? Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. 10. Okay, so I will try. I will do it. I will do it. 1 1. 0, 0. 0, 0. 0, 0, 0. What is that? HE soutely. DARETH Iologist. Siglighan. DARETH I witness the 1200 policy. And none of this為什麼 is by Brown's Re ministre mode. And none of which have happened. Yeah, yeah, it does. I want to say. There's a mask on the bottom. Yeah. You can say, you can say it. Medicare calls, if you wish. I will tell you, hi, anybody. I can address. Scrolls, we can say on that page and if you wish. Hey, I hear you, it doesn't matter how you are. channel 10 and probably ventilation the sink quite the little but I don't watch those anyway. Your TV stations, trying desperately and guess what? It didn't work. That's the best part of the whole deal. Trying desperately to whip everybody up into a frenzy. Like how we said, the media is sick and it's not bad. That is absolutely correct, Tammy. So you only two thing you ever said in your life. And wipe that mascara off your ugly post. Same old neurotic repetition like I said and just trying to make something out of nothing. All afternoon yesterday, all thinking afternoon. Thank God for the satellite dish by the way. It's for anybody who wants to watch guiding lighter, the favorite soap operas. Because most people don't want to get up at 1.30 in a morning or take the show. You know what I'm saying? Oh yeah, all the shows you want to watch 1.35 in a morning will run. Those and get your VCR going. No, I don't want to watch the guy in VCR. I want to see it now. I want my cigarettes nurse ratchet. That's right. I want it my way. I want it in this. That's what this thing is all about. Like I want to spoil a little brass. And the problem in this town is that when you give, see it's like with your kids. When your kids throw a temper tantrum and you cave in the first time, he said, okay, okay, just to try to calm them down and shut them up. Then they say, hey, it worked. I'm going to keep doing it over and over again. And every time I want to have something done my way, every time things don't get done my way, I'll go out there to a tent of again and block off the streets and piss everybody off. Yeah, but you know, you're pissed everybody up. Well, with a day don't care. See, that's the thing a lot of you don't understand. Is that the people are out there, the hysterical obnoxious people out there blocking off the streets and acting like a bunch of tents for country people. They don't care whether they're pissing you off or not. Because this is what they've been conditioned to do. When you get pissed off, go out there in the streets. And by the way, all you young punks out there, air-regrouped bed protests, whether it's blacks or a spix or Jews or whoever it is. Every time there's some kind of a thing going on with the TV cameras or a fixed one, you always see a bunch of young punks out there. Have a little party in the street. And as soon as the cameras go on, hey, but I made a bite of open their jump up and down and you can enjoy them. And if you take them out of the equation, it doesn't leave much of anything at all. It doesn't leave much of it. And by the way, Metro Police, here at Let's give 55 stars to the Metro Police for a great job yesterday. And the Miami Police, that's what they deserve. You guys suck, not necessarily individually, but as far as the policy yesterday, whichever you realize the individual cops don't make the policy. But with, you know, here in the Metro Police, they went out there and they said, we're not going to let you take over the streets. And they arrested about 50 people. And all of a sudden after the word got out that all these people were arrested, you know, it's how fast those streets cleared out yesterday afternoon. But even when there was nobody there except cops, the TV cameras are still grinding away and grinding away and grinding away and grinding away. And they'd got the hoods, but go on here and say, well, you know, the crowds are very small right now, but of course, as people are watching, this is the afternoon goes on and people get out of work. It's likely to become very massive and vivid and vivid and massive. Did it become vivid and massive? Oh, no. No, it did not. But the city of Miami Police out there on Flagler Street, Red Road at Flagler in the 61st flag, the last night, they let people go out there and take over the streets. The streets are for traffic. The streets are for driving as a couple of those people found out by the way. When you go into red car went to Bata Bing, hey, I got to get somewhere. Get out of my way or I'm going to floor it. Yeah, to bed. The streets are for traffic. You want to protest on a sidewalk, protest on a sidewalk. Not in the middle of the street, but at the most, the most I ever saw. And I watched a lot of it yesterday afternoon because that's that's all that there was. The most I would say 2,300 people at any point downtown. And again, Metro Cops, great job. Nice going, boys. Miami Police are disgrace because, you know, again, we need, let them go out there, take over Flagler Street. What kind of crap is that? And here's all these guys, all these poor truckers, that are way of a lot of truckers. Listen to this show, all these poor guys, who are trying to take their load, if I can say that into the port of Miami there, to try and do their job. And they have to be backed up for miles in miles. You know, I'm coming to work this morning. I'm coming down the turnpike and there was a bad wreck on the northbound on the other side. And I'm looking and I'm seeing traffic is backed up for miles on the northbound turnpike. Probably still is. And I'm thinking to myself, you know, when you're driving, when you have a life to live and you have to go to work, you got to go to the doctor. Well, whatever it is that you have to do, sometimes actually important. It's bad enough just on an ordinary day, trying to survive driving on the roads at this town. I had a guy, I'm coming out university this morning, go to 595. And in my life turns green and some asshole on the van, he makes a right on red, which I'm in the middle lane. Okay. But now all of a sudden, he's cutting across the lanes. Thank God for having a fast Corvette. That was able to haul. I didn't get around this stupid son of a bitch. Crazy irresponsible person. So just ordinarily trying to live your life in his town or any big city is tough enough. Trying to make your way through the guy named highways and all the assholes out there. But putting up with this crap, the answer is absolutely positively no unacceptable. And I'm going to say, what off the bat? I could sit here for the next four hours and make the most eloquent case for Alihan Gonzalez staying here. I could also sit here for the next four hours and make the most eloquent case for him going back and being with daddy. Okay. But like George said yesterday, what does it got to do with a price of rice? Does it have anything to do with my line? Oh, does that have anything to do with the anybody in this town? Oh, no. Does it impact that our life? Oh, this is strictly a pissing contest. That's all it is. Who's going to get the brownie points? He's going to be Fadale God forbid. Horrors are going to be the crazy people in this town. It hasn't got anything to do with this poor little six year old kid. Like I said, he's like the wishbone Thanksgiving. We got Fadale and his crazy people on the one side pull in one leg and one direction and we got the crazy pill of this town pulling on the other. And the tip of yesterday during the 85,000 hours of coverage when they were praying that something would develop when it was almost nobody got there. And one of the so-called spos people says, oh, but here, Alihan pointed out he's a symbol of this. Yeah, symbol exactly. Not that he's a human being. And by the way, don't insult me by going out in the street, you're a liberal thought. You people that are out there blocking a street. You wouldn't know a liberal thought from your god damn. Okay. Don't see me that pile of dog crap. Libartide, but it's convenient for you when you want to get your way when was banned. And wants to sing here or when some artists want to display his whatever it is or when somebody wants to go on here and express a viewpoint that's different from yours. Like the poor black guy that had the on and the misfortune on Wednesday out there in front of the iron has building a biscuit in 79 street to express a different point of view. And it was one guy I'll never forget the hysteria on this guy's face. Guy in his 30s would glasses in a green shirt. You have been communist. You have been common and he's pointing and screaming and the camera's showed a close up and you could see the veins popping out of this guy's head. He was so psychotic because this other guy dared dared to have a different opinion. F and communist. So I'll give you no a libert-crap. Freedom in mind of these people or out there in a street, freedom is only what they decide it's going to be. And you can say what they think is okay and you can perform if you're okay with them but if you're not then you got problems then your freedoms all disappear. So talk about a bunch of hypocrites. Libartide, my fat ass, okay. You wouldn't know liberty if it's stuck you're right in the god damn piss. Fony, phony, baloney. But the good news is that it was only handful of people. bunch of silly old people who just are never going to let go. And a bunch of kids out there have an apparty in the streets. And that's pretty much it. 10 past 10 is 5 60 WQMF. No portion of this broad chest may be reproduced. Now he's breast written permission of WQAN deeply reads acquisition court. Only in the banana republic baby only in Miami. Little star, I want to wonder where you're more hot, jack and jeel, when the bus keeps to pitch a pillow. That's part Kated by 62 WQMF. The good news is channel 7 channel 6 channel 4 channel 10. Maybe even the no-spicketing lays channels. I got the regular programming on it. Let's hear. Irresponsible. You're a bunch of grave robbing assholes, okay. I am so ashamed to be even connected in any way shape or form with what is known as the local media in this town. And by the way speaking of a shame, I don't want to even go into it because when they have to and I'm driving home for my mother's around 330. And I heard what the hump or had to say about the Cecil Collins thing and try to wash it away. You know, when you make a mistake when you're wrong and make that you're wrong, okay. Nobody's perfect. We all make mistakes. Even they'll die. That's right. When you're wrong, you're wrong, fatso. Okay. So why not come on and and not want to try to wash it away? Embarrassing. I'm humiliated for him. And I'm humiliated for what passes is the median is gutless, spineless town. Hour after hour after hour, and of course here's Elliott Rodriguez. And here's all these other objective people like Rick Sanchez last night. You know, you're young, along on the air Rick. In fact, when something like this happens, you ought to be disqualified from being on the air. They're dragged your ass off the anchored ass and make you just squat over the bay. Squat over the towers there behind the building. Comes on last night. They've got this woman correspondent, Havana, who's been given the father side of the story on all this. And he starts pontificating about the national council of churches wanting to be the intermediate or to bring the boy back to Cuba. And he's doing editorial comments. And while you know, a national council of churches who tied in with a Cuban council of churches, but it would be a quote, of course, for a communist, the communist, then she looked, she came back with a very, she said the national council of churches represents churches that have a membership of 56 million people in the United States. I think it's a little irrational, so they're calling them all communists. And yes, they do get involved in unpopular causes, like in Iraq and a lot of other places in the world, but never less so that's their history. They've always done that. Communists have communist, they've come on Easter, come on Easter. And as long as I live, I'll never forget the image because they replayed at several times of the god with a green shirt and a glises down there with 79th and this game. You're an epic communist. You're an epic cop. All you have to do is have a different opinion in your communists, but labor thought, labor thought. Labor thought for this little 60 year old boy that they couldn't give a flying crap less about. But not for the rest of us who have a different opinion. And the rest of us who don't think that airing your grievances means going out and blocking the streets every time you give pissed off and don't get your way like a spoiled little brat. It's just unacceptable. And by the way, there we did again. Here just on the heels, just a couple of days of what their brackets here's Mayor Pinguapakania and here's the police chief from the county. Oh, yeah, look at these crimes statistics and what's way down and the murders are way down. And you know, all those days of the tourist being scared. And now what do we have on CNN? And the lead stories on the most of the nightly newscasts. Same old. They're out there carrying on in the streets again, blocking off traffic, pissing everybody off. And thanks to your local media, they made a mountain out of a molehill because quite frankly, they showed last night, Channel 7, highly of 49th street. Get on how many people are out there? Maybe 20. I'd say more like it doesn't. Standing on the curb. And by the way, night's going highly of police. I was going to a roll. They'd see they were terrified that if they went out in the street, roll coming beat the crap out of them. Nice going, roll. Who never stole a freight train, but came pretty. I think you got the caboose. That's the way to do it. So Metro Day, nice job. Highly a beautiful job. City of Miami. This graceful job. Caving and letting people take over the streets. The streets are for vehicles. They're for driving. Not for protest, especially people who don't even have a permit to protest. If you're going to have a parade, if you're going to have a march, if you're going to have like a a major orchestrated demonstration, you have to get a permit for that. If you want to demonstrate in front of a building, it'll like they were at the IS building, you can do that. On the sidewalk, orderly peacefully. But not blocking off the street to this community. Anyway, we have an appearance scheduled next tomorrow between noon two. We've had some interesting debate about that here this morning, whether we should go ahead and do it. And our inclination is to go ahead and the be there. noon to two at next, that's 71 11 West Latter. The McCarty girls are going to be there with the rom samples, which is why George is adamant about wine to be there. And of course, raise the guards, which is even more recent while you're adamant about the fear free. Sample of anti-aircraft bushes, new products, the keys and roma, free beer free booze and paves, then free to guard girls, right? Like I said, so George is adamant. He's, if I think even if we cancel the appearance, he's going down here. But as of now, we'll be there noon to two tomorrow. Depending, of course, as the day goes on, of how much more hysteria goes on, there on flat, or street on whether or not the city of Miami police want to allow the streets to be chaos. Absolutely, positively, unacceptable. What they permitted on flat the street last night. They must not be watching very carefully what Metro Dane was able to do. Get the people out of the streets and if they don't want to get out, you arrest them. That's it. That's the way it works. You want to protest down on the sidewalk and protest and wave your little flags and scream, they met that, they met that, they met that. And like I said, you can make the most eloquent argument in the world. You know, the boys mother and the her boyfriend risked their lives to bring this boy from communism for a better life to America, even it was very responsible, by the way. And you know, and of course he would be dead right now for work for the two fishermen in Pompito Beach that found him flowing in the goddamn inner tube out there. Which everybody seems to be forgetting about how responsible and courageous she was. The word is irresponsible. But nevertheless, he got here and you could make a very eloquent argument. Don't send them back to a communist country. And I understand that. I can very easily see that perspective. But that's not the issue here. The issue is that this is a government of laws and the INS makes their ruling based on those laws. And here we got a bunch of people as usual, making up things as they go along. Oh, the Constitutionist is an interesting. And by the way, the same right wing Republicans that these people embrace so much, other ones who are so anti-immigration and made the laws that are going to wind up sending him back. Not the Democrats and not feel gentle on whom they revile so much because he's a Democrat. Cominist.cominist.cominist.cominist.cominist. You see, there you go. See, you can't complain about the Cuban communities understanding of politics in America because they don't have any. They don't get it. And when you're trying to reason with people whose actions are only motivated by irrational history and emotion, can you reason with people like that? No. No. But like I said, the good news is that there weren't that many of them. That's the good news. The bad news is that the media made a feeding frenzy out of this. And let me say it again. You people, I can't speak for the Spanish language stations so I don't watch them. I don't understand it. But you people at 4, 6, 7, and 10, what you pulled off yesterday was one of the great discourses in the history of television. And they just carried on and on and on and on and then channel four when they realize that they were going to miss a lot of Oprah. God forbid, because that's the only show they got what any number is on it. All of a sudden they dropped out of this because Oprah was on. And as soon as they dropped out, all of a sudden because they monitor each other every time they break away from regular program. All of a sudden as soon as one of them, let's go over it. The other one let go like a hot potato. And here come those network programming and the syndicated shows back on again. You're a cancer on this community. You people at Channel 4, 6, 7, and 10. I'm embarrassed for us that you're what we have here in the name of the God damn television media. You're disgraced and sitting there and making editorial comments back and forth. And here's Tony cigaretteo. I know when I want to get some real good ideas of sociological impact of what's happening in this community. I'm going to turn into Tony cigaretteo. You know what I'm saying? For a few good laughs. And sloppy, volopy. What a joke. But the good news is so far so good today. Some guy went down there and beat the crap out of one of the Proat to the hunger strikers down there this morning. And near Suarez was done. They're wondering, what am I looking like going? Like that. Who am I and where am I? Here's a conference from North Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. I got two points of view here. One point of view is How long you think that the riot would have stayed on if that would have been in the world? What riot? Or whatever. The protesters. How long you think that would have lasted if they would have done that in bulk of a tone? They wouldn't have done it in bulk of a tone. Right. I know. But it's been up to 10,000 power counties. How long you think it would have lasted? That's the point here. They wouldn't have done it because they know they couldn't have gotten away with it. Right. And the second point I want to tell you is the people who are inconvenienced with this are the Cubans. So what's the problem with that? Like I said before, it's like when black people get pissed off and they're writing, burned down their own neighborhood, it doesn't make much sense to me. There you go. Okay. Have a great day. 567560, 560, 560 on the 18T wireless line. And of course, if the government had a ball to need brains, what they would have done at the same time on Wednesday, when this woman from INS was making the announcement, Diane Meizner, whatever hell her name was. When she was making the announcement, they would have already been making the transfer. And the intermediate it would have been a range for the intermediate area to be here from the National Council of churches or some Getsky from the Catholic church or whoever was going to make the transfer and put them out on ice plane and take them over there and reunite them with his daddy and that's it. Over and done with as opposed to letting this now linger on and opening up the door spray festering ugly situation. Do we need any more festering ugly situations in this town? Oh, we're already be legal enough. This town and the people who live in it have taken so much crap in the last 40 years. I we don't need to take any more crap enough. Enough is enough. We don't need it. We don't deserve it. Here's Danya. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. The comment that you made about the wishbone thing. It brought to mind the story, you know, the old story about King Solomon and the kid who was being fought over. Do you remember what he said? No. Cut the kid in half gives one to each half. Yeah. So there you go. Why don't I solve it? Yeah. That's good. That's the solution there. Give the father half and then give the cousin half. Leave the right side here because we've got far white people over here in the left side of that communist and that far left the castor one there you go. Absolutely and it will make everybody happy. Okay. Okay. Thank you. Okay. There you go. Just chop him in half. Little piece for a little piece for us because like I said he said he doesn't mean anything. He's not the issue here. There's all kinds of people that could be the issue also like the Chinese people that were sent back out of on the Haitian boat. Nobody cares about them. It's brownie points. It's a pissing contest. We want to we want to win. We want to get another win against Fidel. Is that going to change anything? No. Just like when the Pope went to Cuba did anything change? No. Although yeah, I will say this Fidel was red better. Which in his case is saying a hell of a lot for the rest of the rest better than anybody. But in this particular instance he was. In fact, when he walked around at the stage together there and had an animal when the Pope was saying he said he said the pope an Espanol nice outfit. Here's Margie. Hello. Good morning Neil. Yes sir. You know what's really interesting is here. You got this commissioner down there. Regalotto is supposed to represent law in order and he's in the frame of all this. He got in the fist fight and they were going to arrest him. Yeah, and he's on there adamantly denying that he's encouraging the doing anything. But then on the other hand, he's rationalizing the fact that people are out there in the streets. You know, they should have just arrested him. He's an asshole. There you go. And I'll tell you, I hate to see him but he hit hurt one way or another. But when that guy floored at my red car, I said, hey man. You know, okay. Sometimes your breaks just don't work right. You know, right time. I agree. I have a great thing. You see, and Tony Sigerretto did make a good point with sloppy Velopi. There yesterday that we're showing the handful of people out in the middle of the streets. I forget which way I was on this game. Boulevard. I guess there were still a few stragglers. And here was a woman with little kids out there in the street. If you want to lay down in the street and put your life at risk, okay, I guess if you're that stupid, go ahead and see if the other guys breaks my work. But to take your little kids out there and bring them in the street, would you? You must be crazy. You must be out of your freaking mind to be doing stuff like that to jeopardizing your kids' lives. I must be crazy. I must be not. Well said. Couldn't say a better myself. Here's a mobile in Hialia. Hello. And Neil. Yes sir. Two points actually. It was an Ilam a Northland at this point. First, you'll notice that these protests did not take place in Hialia. And then what's the reason for that? The reason is the last time they did this and we were on the street and on the expressway. Mayor Martinez no matter what you say about it and took the police, they stopped the people. Right. That's what I just said. Hialia, there were at let me be 10 or 15 people on the sidewalk. They wouldn't let them on the street last night and they know how to handle it right. They're not going to put up with us crap. And secondly, I don't know. I don't remember which station it was. I finally got home last night. And my wife is watching the thing I said, they still do it. They said, yeah, they're going to have another report right now. And one of the reporters, a female reporter, they switched the station switch. And they had not turned the lights on her yet. But the camera was on. Yeah. And you can see the people behind. They're just milling there. Right. Do we not? Oh, I said, we're going to light the lights on. What can I say? They started waving air in time. Anyone of these demonstrations in the streets no matter what the group is. It's the same thing. They're mugging for the cameras. They're playing for the cameras. They sit around like they're having like a circle, zirken, the street, and then as soon as the cameras come on, they're, they're, they break that. Leave our time to hold the sign in the kid's area. I'll give it a high sign. It's all a pile of crap. Okay. And there's nothing wrong. I guess we'll have it a pile of crap. As long as it doesn't disrupt the community and give us another black mark, that's the problem. It makes us look like it makes us look at shows everybody that we're third world country, which we are in Dave County and the thing with the streets unacceptable. Letting people go out and block off the streets absolutely positively unacceptable. Period. No discussion. No argument. Period. And somehow the money police department doesn't understand that. Metro understood it real well. Highly understood it. No problem at all. No questions asked. But city of Miami. What's their response? Eeeeh. Well, that's called Joe Carroyo. It was too busy. How can a China, would Jan or Reno and Janet said no. No. And by the way, Janet quit shaking so bad. I realized she's got Parkinson's, but couldn't have somebody like holding her down. Well, you know what I'm saying? Seriously, it's a 28 after 10. It's five. I'm coming, bring like Michael J. Fox. There's somebody holding down. Maybe she could hold under a lead weight. There you go. I'm not going to say it. Of what? Jim Mandage toss boards. Yeah, right here. A sports radio 560QA now. Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. We let shit come in and defend our weapons. We're talking about foot back. Nothing. Nothing makes sense. I mean, in so far, when you try to explain what the ensues are. What's up? And it's out. And there's the plate. All that shit was lost to us in the real Xenotox and down. What's your popularity? It's up to us. To find out, you are outdoors. What you came out just today? I asked you around the we're not used. No money, but here up, out the gentle. We will probably end up with all fall. 32 at 560WQA, we got Hank at 2 Jimmy Johnson. Hey, we got a shot. At 5, who's gonna be at 6 in Orlando, the big, uh, for a captain 10 o'clock tonight. You know, we're looking at a front page of the newspapers. And here's the Sun Sentinel on a front page. And you see mostly Metro cops. And you could count if I had the time, which I didn't want to take it, but you could count. I would say a couple of dozen, maybe 30 people by the Port of Miami. And there were maybe a couple of hundred people there at 1.2 or 300. But here at this point, there were like maybe 30 people. And it held a lot more cops. And then you look at the picture in a heroin front page, passionate protest spread of the streets. And here's this asshole, Ramon, Saul Sanchez. He's an asshole. Try to hold back the cop on the horse. And here's a bunch of horses. That's what passes standing there with their little tube and flags. And you could count. And there's, I mean, our realized it's only a little slice of the street that they're showing in this picture. But you can actually count like maybe it doesn't people. All of them over the age of 100 by the way, in this picture. Much to do about nothing. That's what this whole thing is. Much to do about nothing. And I'm going to say it again and again and again. The people who run the TV news departments in this town, you're all a bunch of grave robbing assholes. You're a disgrace. And don't ever try to insult us by telling us that you're doing something for this community. Which one is channel 4? Or working for you? Or whatever that stupid slogan is? Yeah, you're working for us all, right? You're working to exploit and squeeze as much as you can out of this town. Airvy problem every dispute, every aggravation. You're there to exploit it and manipulate it and squeeze as many dollars out of it as you can. There was no reason whatsoever. You know, you said it was on the way to the doctor yesterday and you were right. You said it should have been nothing more than a traffic report. That's what it should have been. They could break in when they usually do under cut ins and say, okay, well, I'll stay away from the port of Miami right now because I didn't go to show any one of their picture and spent 30 seconds even a minute on it. That's all that was required. And I'm sitting there in a basement with my jaw down to my echo knee yesterday. I think in how can he still be hanging under this thing? There's nobody there anymore. There's nobody there. And they're just whipping the public up into a frenzy hoping, just hoping that they can create some psychotic bizarre thing down there. So they can, well, are you saw that exclusively on seven? First on four last on six, whatever the hell it is. You're a cancer on this town. You're a big fat oozing disease on this community sucking the blood out of it. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Hi, Neil. Hi, again. Okay, sir. I've been here. You're actually saying to you. Thank you. Actually, I don't know where to start because I'm so embarrassed right now. My parents are Cuban and they can't believe what's going on. You know, they're more American than anything they've lived here. Like civilized people for 40 years and they're like I said, they're so embarrassed to see what's going on. Yeah. And last night, channel 10 was supposed to air a program called Cuba and my in my heart or something like that. It's about as a documentary about Cuban's coming in Miami. It can't hold it because they thought you might invite you right. I sent John Garwood, an email last night asking how can he panorjouli's silly Cubans when they're just about 200 of them and they just keep showing them and showing them and showing them with the same people that they show last time there was a protest. Right. When they had to, when they had the thing with the Coast Guard and the pepper spray, they were the same few hundred people down there. Oh, come on. Come on. Come on. Yeah. It's the same 200 people that are about to die anyways. No one cares about it. And a bunch of kids out there are splitting the situation to go out and ask ourselves in the street. Yeah. There's right. So I don't know if you noticed, but those were the guys that they were resting on the on the floor fighting with. It wasn't the old people, you know, the cops weren't fighting the old people. Well, it's why they're the gang. One of the thing the old people can't fight back to good. So you know. My brother-in-law called me last night from Tampa and we're asking me what needle had to say about this. I guess I'll call him to me. Okay. Thank you. Tell me. Tell me. Hang out of his life. Shit. And have a great time. Hang on tight. Don't squeeze it too hard though. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the 18T wireless line. By the way, here's a fact and I will get into this. You know, I called the, uh, the rectivee couple of nights ago when at Panther and hanging with him. And by the way, somebody better tell David Jane Neal at the Harold. Somebody better tell him since he was out there in Anaheim that we could not have watched that Panther and Hime game on the Anaheim telecast on the NHL center-wise package because that was also blacked out. Wasn't it? It was. Again, the Harold gets it wrong as they always do. Yeah, ESPN2 had the game of a Panther's didn't bother televised in sports channel. That great game. Or Victor Coslov had a hadrick and paville burying Ray Wittley. We're brilliant again as usual. Great game. See, the schedule is thinking to begin with and here, maybe the best game of the season that game in Tampa, Tampa, uh, uh, uh, the home game against Tampa on Saturday on New Year's Day. And it's like the panthers have disappeared from the face of the earth. All on our ESPN has got the right and addition to which when ESPN2 has got the telecast, there are a lot of people that don't have ESPN2 free on their table who don't have any satellite dishes. So, if somebody in the Panther organization, better get your act together. Okay, better start getting some brains over there because if you really want to do some promotion and get some asses in the seats and people in the building and excited and doze about a team that's going so great and is in first place by about 500 points in a division, uh, you better start showing us the product of the public. Very, very sad. But nevertheless, you live in Lourne. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey down now. Great. You know, this whole Ilion thing is absolutely ridiculous. It's no one's business where this kid ends up except for his family. Right. And what is our business is how much tax money got wasted yesterday on a team. Can you imagine how many, and of course the city of Miami is almost bankrupt to begin with. But can you imagine how much money had to be expended for the actor police? Everybody was called in off duty to be out there to try to protect the streets in this town for a bunch of crazy people. I know. And also, with all the issues facing this community, you would think the politicians had more important things to worry about. Then pandering to one child. Yeah. And a group of about 300 people. And that's what's upsetting to me about the whole thing. You know, we can go ahead and mobilize for one child, but why can't they mobilize to improve education down here? Right. And as a community, let's get our priorities right and where you got the greater good and the matter material. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Now, see what you're forgetting though that they don't care about the child. They don't give a flying crap about Ilion. He's just a symbol like the one guy said. He's a symbol of this and a symbol of that. He's just a figurehead. Meaningless. So, I can be a son of the answer or concerned about him and his free-demandist future. And yeah, I can't lie. He can't lose. He cannot possibly lose. If he does go back, which is what the INS is is going to happen, he's going to be treated like worthy. Fidel is already been dining with daddy. They had dinner together a couple of nights ago. And of course, that's what really inflamed these people is that now daddy is a planae pup of the Fidel. Well, you know what? Who cares? How does that affect our lives? But every time Fidel takes a bowel movement and doesn't have blood and these people start getting hysterical. Because that's all they know. See, I know this comes as a great tractor. Some of those people, but life in America consists of a lot more than that. Life. We're talking about real life. What really, like this guy said, like education, like schools, like being safe in the streets, like life, like living and breathing life. Not some kind of hysteria that you want to hang to in brainwash your kids with. That's why some of those kids are out there, by the way. Just like the religious stuff. It is a religion. Do a hell with Fidel. Come on, Easter, come on, Easter, come on, Easter. And of course, that's all you're hearing your home all your life. And of course, you're going to believe. And you're going to be going to become overwhelmed with it. But there were certainly, especially the way the irresponsible TV channels here yesterday, especially the way they were whipping it up. There was ample opportunity for the be, we just wrote test things here last night. Did it happen? No. No. No. Because like the colors are saying here, it's the same few hundred people over and over and over again. And of course, the real old people you can understand. They don't have a life they're retired. They're not working. Who knows what they do. They're on social security, whatever they're healthy doing. They're run numbers. I don't know. So they were heavy. It's like a hobby for them. You know, and then you got a lot of unemployed young punks out there who are doing nothing productive with their lives. So why not go out there and act like an asshole in the streets? And see if you can't get yourself arrested. Here's West Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. How are you doing? Great. Take it easy, man. I just want to change the subject. I want to talk about Jimmy. I'm Danny. Yeah, okay. Good going, pal. And by the way, that's an excellent point. The fact that all this is going on, I've got a survey from, oh, gee, I almost wanted to play the second one here for a second. And Jimmy and Danny. Yes, they're a good point. This at least provides a diverging force. All of them on a sports show is where they talking about this down. Oh, no. Nothing deters them from their appointed grounds. Believe you me. 560560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's plantation. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. At the beginning of the news kit on Channel 7 West and they said we're going to check the latest hot spot by the American Airlines arena and they go to Brian Andrews and they got two crazy women there with a bed sheet. I saw them. Yeah, they said they were worried about disrupting the heat game and nothing. And not the map case. Yeah, the end of the news case they said, well, now we're going to check back at that hot spot. They go to Brian Andrews and they can't over and there's nobody there. Right. Trying to make something out of nothing. Exactly. It was last of them. We were just people coming out of the game and there was just nobody there. There was absolutely no incidents. There was no traffic types. There was nobody there. And of course, you do understand that after the Metro Police did such a great job yesterday. And arrested those 50 people and everybody saw that on the TV said that people were getting busted. They decided to go elsewhere where they might have a better chance to go around the streets. Yeah, I just I want to show you something. That's a typical. Thanks. Take it. Yeah, you're a bunch of ax murderers man on your TV people on embarrassed for our community that we have to tolerate you and put up with you that that's the kind of swirl. And thank God. There's another reason by the way to get you a satellite dish. So you can actually find out what's going on in the real world outside of our local local TV channels. And why you're ratified by the way, you might go to your corner, newsstand and buy some real newspapers from some other market where you can get a real newspaper firm because you won't ever get one here where you're no, no, not a chance, not a Chinaman's chance. Oh, sorry. Here's a mobile in Daniel. Hello. Anyhow, how you know a great. Hey, let's start. Make a quick comment about this. You read on thing. You know, granted that he came to, you know, he came to, you know, Miami do today. As a mother, try to save him and, you know, he came and he made it and great, you know. But if the media was so far up his ass, you know, as a millionaire, all the first Christmas, all the other businesses that made you. Yeah. Right. You know, you're going to take a first up. Who cares? Right. You know, we don't want to hear that. I sure hope it was a good smooth album. And two with no handbag or anything. You know, I hope there was good consistency in texture and so on. You know, so we actually had to see him 50 million times on the T.V. stations yesterday running around playing the New York. Like, like, this was something new in revolutionary. Like six year old kids, although it seems to me that led nighttime, most six year old kids aren't running around in the yard planes. They're probably playing inside the house. You know, I thought the little Joe says, well, I want to do that. Yeah. You know, anyway, the point is, is that if the media would have kept them, you know, kept it themselves. And if the INS would have just made this decision and, you know, said some home and not let the media know that our sheets would be the regular, you know, be back to regular traffic will be flow smoothly. And then we'll make a rucksack. You know, so that's a uphill and I'm out of the chair and I love you. And I like to have those for you for mayor. Thanks. Thank you. And it's common sense. Of course, we don't have too many people in common sense. And I will say this. I mean, the politicians even for me to stick up for Mayor Pingu Piquini would be very unusual, but but they're all like on real finnice on Israel. You know, I mean, they're damned if they do when they're damned if they don't. But at least Mayor Pingu Piquini, one of the rare times at least he said that while he sympathizes with a plight of these people and understands, you know, the desire to protest that they will not tolerate. They'd cut he won't tolerate being in the streets and doing any illegal activity and in convincing the citizens that they're on so on, which for him was like almost the first. I think it was the first. First time I heard him. Well, he probably looked out the window and saw that weren't that many people there. And decided it was probably politically not a very good idea to start the, yeah, exactly. He stuck it out the window in this finger too. And of course, I'm sure as he stuck it out the window, Juan Medietta was there holding it and the nurse, the herhime was checking out its temperature. Maybe he pulled it. In fact, where it's there, I'm probably had his thumb up the Mayor's back door. Well, he was sticking his thing out the window. In fact, Juan was deploying the foreskin back. Remember our old good, the former friend was Juan Medietta. Here's Pompano. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. Yeah, I know. Just a thought, you know, local media, when they have a script and a telephone for them to be better enough. But when he had to cover live situation, we have to have that lit. And they showed the two coming out a lot. It's your stupid there. Yeah, I haven't haven't that they don't have a clue. The other thought is, how about Miami changing its name, you know, on keeping with the statuses of an anniversary public to let he pull the that they Miami. La Repulina, can you deny me? I like that. I like saying, I'll repulica. Yeah, that's that has a nice range with the keeping with what's going on. Just the last thought is if these people are trying to get us to go over to their point of view, why the hell they waving Cuban flags? Just saying, let's keep the keep the mark up. I've waving American flags. There was only one American flag that I saw that was on Wednesday down to the United States building surrounded by a sea of Cuban flags. Yeah, okay. Let me say that it's a flag of a communist country. Yeah, but nevertheless, they don't care what you think. Don't you understand these people don't care whether they're pissing you off or they just don't care. They're irrational and emotional and hysterical. And nothing you where I say is going to change them. Yeah, did you see the shot of the guy slapping the cops horse? Yeah. Right out of order. Yeah, was out of order, but was I just seeing him in a panty bag in a few minutes later. I didn't see that. There. Yeah. They busted his ass. Well, that's good. No, it's not. Interrupted them too. Listen, people, I'll be public and they might not meet. All right. Okay. I'll stick to your me this. Yeah, but by here's a big fan in four miles. Who thanks George for doing an excellent job yesterday, which by the way, yes, he did. Thank God we had a little spick on here. Was one of those professional spicks. At least yesterday anyway. It says because what is it? Because it went out to Dale Carnegie's book out of a window. Yeah. How do wind friends and influence people? It says I'm an American tube of living in four miles. But still out living far enough away from the radical Cubans. It's hard to find a good tube in restaurant. Like, I'll go on up to what you call there. Oh, that's right. It's not a tube in a Spanish. Inter<|ja|>. What's the name of that place? Columbia. I don't know. Columbia restaurant. What did that good saying? Gryama. Of course, though, it's a Spanish food. You know, mostly horse meat. That's what made in Recae turn out that way. 565, 567560, 560 on the AT&T wireless lines. Oh, but I want to. Yeah. I like it when the guy stopped by for a hunger. Do you remember? Do you remember? George when you got that hunger. Or do you see his own block really has moments. Chinese to have no chance. I am this if live when the guy stopped by for a hunger for a hunger. I like to start at home. They want to search as soon as they make a wish. So they get along from my hunger from my hunger. Big one daddy stick it in my hand. I gave you a hunger and an all began. We had the biggest one that I ever did see. It felt the floor when you tried to be. When you unslipped, I can't help but warmth. But it's no thing that you just had the flawning. You wet my wish with that big thing, baby. Hopefully, that my throat managed for as deep crazy. Now I think about you and it makes me sad. You went away and never came back. I gave you a hunger and you went back home. A colleague from Ken was a size of your home. I still see the love when you gave me a beat. Now I'm a little bit like Alan P. Keyton. When I met you, I ended it to you with it. It really doesn't matter the size of your stick. New kids on the block really has not been standing to have no. I am this applies when the guy is that five for a hunger for a hunger. It's a 1053 at five, 60 WQM. Here's a fact from David who says the only person who actually did a good job yesterday was Michael Williams on channel six. I got my. By the way, Joe Ross says the voucher. It continually pointed out that there was only a very small group of protesters. The protesters were clearly playing to the camera. He would not say anything about them reflecting the Cuban community because they were only a small part of it. Your friend Kelly Craig snapped it one of the protest leaders in the studio yesterday about them inconveniencing everybody who had nothing to do with Alien. I'd go out there, Kelly, and lose some whites with her. Jackie, Jackie, and Jackie Nesparaud, your right is in the Rick Sanchez category. When it comes to mindless crap, Jackie, you're at a disgrace. Okay, just keep your crap shut. You stupid bitch. God, are they bad? And it was really interesting. Channel four was taken a pool all day yesterday. They sent Alien back to his daddy, you support the ionist. It was 65, 35, a one point. And then after the 2000 column was like 62 percent. Yes, we support the decision sent him back. And only 38 percent said no, which is pretty overwhelming. Lopsided. But channel seven on the other hand. I guess all the hysterical who he was must have been called in the channel seven number 50 million times. Because they did their survey last night. Do you support the protesters? And 52 percent said yes in 48 percent said no one channel seven. So depending on which channel you were watching, a channel seven was the only one that had the public allegedly supporting the protesters. How can you support it? How can you possibly support people who are doing civil disobedience, go out there and block an off the streets? Sure one with other people's lives. And let me say it again, the people who you were intervening yesterday, the truckers trying to get their stuff to the port of Miami for example. And the other people that they showed on TV try to get their ass back to work in the middle of the afternoon. They have nothing to do with Alien. They don't work for the ionist. They don't know from Janet Reno or President Clinton or any of these other people. No. They had nothing to do with that. And in the meantime, you keep pissing them off and it can be used in them as though that's going to accomplish something. Will they accomplish something? Yeah, it'll piss everybody off even more. And create more hatred and agitation. And by doing what you did yesterday channel 467 and 10, you more and more, you polarized this community and you created an ugly, ugly stereotype. I feel sorry for the decent human people in this community, which is obviously, at least I don't know decent or indecent, but at least people that have enough common sense to keep out of this crap, which is the overwhelming majority who are embarrassed and humiliated and ashamed by the soil that went on yesterday. And it was presented on the television screens hour after hour after hour, as if this was the Cuban community or the exile community or whatever it had held their call on it this hour. It was the same few hundred assholes who were out there every time they're given an excuse. I want my cigarettes, they're scratched it. Yeah, that's what it is. Like crazy people. Cookers nest. And if they don't get their way, Jose, well, they're going to just carry on like a lunatic. They're just going to scream and jump up and shout until an advice away his relatives. You know something, I'm more convinced now than ever he ought to go back to daddy. Because watching to behave with his relatives, especially with that one broad the cousin, she makes me want to barfe. All of a sudden these are great social experts. You know, these are, there are people that all these brilliant comments on the social scene in America. I'm not just disgusting, disgraceful. Just do it the legal way. Find your appeal and do the best you can. And if you win, you win if you lose you lose. And the best of luck to the kid because goddling goes he'll need it. But even more important than that, the best of luck to us. Because we already know we need it because we live here. Here's Voka, hello. I'll, uh, Neil Rogers for mayor. Yes, sir. The team here for mayor. The team he should be charged with inciting the riot. Right. I agree. Right. And if this child was an American child, the mother, who took the kid would be in jail for kidnapping. And by the way, yeah, that's right. Absolutely because it was out without the consent of the father and the other thing, aware of it and it's part of the story that the two are trying to do. American mothers in jail for doing that exact same thing. Right. But it's, it's, it's, it's a little, it's a little let's go back to what you said in the beginning because if we go on the air and we say crap or something like that, the FCC gets all psychotic and they're going to find us. But the television stations can go on there and inside people that are participating, civil disobedience and screw up the whole community and nobody even slaps them on the goddamn limp. Yeah. And what did Jeff Bush do? He's cuts the toes. Yeah. Where's the national guard like in the sixties when the anti-war came? They gashed here. They beat you to a pulp. Where's all that? I think it's time that he cut the crap. Yeah. Absolutely. And have a great day. Thank you. 560, 560, pound 560. I mean, here's the facts I forgot the earlier. It's his liberty only for alien only for humans that wore over the rest of my men USA, land clinton for everything, even though the GOP Congress made the law sent to Alien Backwich is correct. It says new violence rename everything for Alien. Alien County, Alien International Airport, Alien Port Alien Boulevard, Alien Beach, Alien High School, Alien Arena, Alien Causeway, Alien Keys, Alien Alien. I do like that. In fact, I am declaring this is Alien on Friday. Oh. And we're going down to the beach right now. Welcome to all the illegal Aliens. So we're coming in. Just get that dry foot baby. The wet foot dry foot wet back. Whatever that thing is. Are we letting in the wet backs? No. Oh thank God. But anyway. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Because we got no spots because it's the beginning of the calendar year and this is the way it goes. The last week or so the year and the first week. Don't forget to excited. Oh, it won't last too long. Whether it's power 96 or QAM or any of these want to be these stations. Don't get to it over excited about the, I should make sure to the news for commercial breaks. It won't last too long. Trust me. And isn't it great to see they painted some doors out here. Yeah. Oh baby. How many is morning and they painted some doors out here? There's the longest little construction project in the history of the human race continues. A little bit of paint on the walls out there. It's not all the good to. Which I think is making us all sick. Even the nephew came in this morning holding his lower right to where I had my bad. I find out that this has been a bacterial infection. But I've had now for three weeks and feel a lot better. I've got some good strong antibiotics, which I'm knocking it out and the infection too. Thanks Dr. Diamond. You're okay. My books we'd art. Oh, Dr. Diamond, you mentioned you on the air. Tamarack. Great, Dr. You ought to see the client tell. But nevertheless, here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Good morning. Yes, man. I certainly agree with what you said. I can really hear you. I said I agree with what you said. What went on in this town yesterday was a disgrace. And all of these television stations that was giving free advertisement and pumping up this disgrace. They're just unbelievable. Yeah. Unbelievable. Of course you see the problem is here that when you deal with them in Apolle, when you have network affiliates and you only have one. And when they do everything in their power, even if you have a satellite dish to prevent you from watching, other network affiliates from like real living and breathing cities, you're stuck with it. You know, if you want to watch a network affiliate, what you got is here. Of course. And all of these politicians that have to get their mugs on television and speaking out, I hope people remember who they are and when they run for election vote against them because they are a national disgrace and as far as mayor and now it's. He might have been on English speaking radio and television saying not to demonstrate, not to go on the street, not to do whatever he said. But on Cuban radio, he was on there saying I'm a Cuban first and I'm for keeping Ilion here. Yeah. So he's just a two-phase little weasel. Brad, he's sitting weasel. Yeah. He looks like he needs to have his diapers changed. Yeah. But this that's why he keeps him on many it and the mayor's dear Hamid, but all times he never walks alone. He's always got one on each arm to make sure in case he had the little accident in the diapers. Uh-huh. Absolutely. And all these same people that you see out there like that skunk lady. The one with the whitener here that Irriando woman. Irriando skunk a lost rosa. Yeah. Yeah. That's what you remind you of the skunk with that hairdo. Yes. And smells like it too. Okay. Listen, have a great day. So we need to try. Bye. Oh my god. Let's see. Here's a guy who works for a wholesale public supply company in medley. One of our local supply houses at the uh, what is it? South West, South of Nevada, and Flagler is closed because of a large Cuban administration. They were a scare for themselves and their customers. How do you like that? Yeah. People who are in business had a close up yesterday. Some of them because they were terrified for themselves and for their customers. Because the city of Miami police refused to participate in democracy. Which means let the guy damn people lose the streets for what they were built for driving on them. That's what we've paid our tax dollars to build a goddamn street. Not so people could hold a goddamn party in the middle of the street pretending that they're protesting. And don't tell me that all those punks that were out there were protesting. They were out there having a goddamn party. And you know what is well as I do. Next time next time we have Los Van Van wants to come back or some of somebody else who was once seen photograph with Castro or once uh had a picture of Castro in their bedroom or whatever. Or somebody that sleeps on a Castro convertible. Next time they want to come here and perform in his town. And the same elements start to the same radical elements start trying to have protest in the preventive from doing it. I think at that point everybody also to start riding around in street jail. Limber thought. Limber thought. Limber thought. Limber thought. Because how can you be screaming at when you don't know what it means when you have the respect for it. You ask holes throughout their yesterday. Now let me say it again. This is the most important part of this whole thing. This whole exercise. Don't be giving me a goddamn instruction on liberty when you don't know the guy there meaning of it. When you have no respect for other people's opinions. You're an effin' communist. Even effin' communist. Everybody who doesn't agree just keep this in mind. You're an effin' communist. Okay? You got that now? Oh, good. Now we can move on. Here's homestead, hello. Oh yes sir. You keep talking about the communist in my personal opinion. This is a communist characteristic act by holding us all hostage. Here it is. It is a kind of terrorism I agree with that. By holding us hostage to support their cause. If I don't care to support their cause, why should they hold me hostage? Right. It's a support them. And another thing is if the majority of the Cubans do deploy this act as the poles have shown then I agree with the other lady. We should remember this at election time. And if these people out of office they are working for us and they're not to support civil disobedience. Right, amen. And all these people are doing is dividing our city rather than uniting our city. Including the media, don't forget channels 4, 6, 7 and 10. Keep them at the forefront in your mind. Because if they wouldn't have played this thing up all day yesterday, it would have been much to do about nothing. Absolutely, sir. I couldn't agree with you more. And have a great day. Thank you sir. 5, 6, 7, 9, 9 will be at next tomorrow noon to 2 next to Gars 7, 11, 11, West Flagler Street. Just tomorrow east off the Flagler Street exit of the Pomettle. cigar roll and demonstrations and hives or bushes new products. The Kisa and Rumbuff Food and entertainment of the Picardic Girls Rumb samples. Right. And a Parterge in the Paratory. And the best news of all is I'm watching, let's see. There's Channel 7. They got it. They don't directly at front of the same usual crap on there. A jury spring or like show with everyone it is. Oh no. Oh no. Oh, that's right. They're in the news now. Sorry, Channel 6. No, please don't send for Cuba, please. Be nice to a lot. It's now one piece of that iron. It's a good line. And family members. Yeah, get out there. Oh, by the way, the dow is up under 89 points. Oh, we're going to have to the brand do it and prove Tommy. Look at him. I had to do a triple take when I came in. He looks good like that. He looks human. How do you like that? Are very on Tommy. He just came in looking like a human being for the first time since I didn't work in here. Where that stupid yellow pony tail. I'm sorry. Here's here's their field beach. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. I've heard a lot of people call in complaining that these protesters are all-waving Cuban flags none American flags. Well, I'm glad they're not a wave in the American flag because there's no representation of a mirror. Yeah, that's a good point. And there's radical as the government. There's supporting so let them work if that Cuban flag in none of the Americans. That's so little correct. Thank you, Neil. And God bless you. And I'll pray for us, sir. I'm getting on my knees right now to pray for us. By the way, speaking of that, here's the new rolling stone. Thank you very much, my good close friend Bob. Bishop Rick. Can I say that on here? Bishop Rick? No, Bob B. Who sends me the rolling stone. The wall of the back seat boys on the cover. Boys on top, George is very upset about this, though. Wasn't bad enough. It's got the back seat boys with their pants down to their ankles. Well, they are wearing suits. Okay. There were, although I'll be honest Kevin is there. No Brian has got his tie. It looks like a tie. His neck tie that's hanging down there between his legs. I think that's a tie. It's a tie. It Brian. Give it that or the string just look in the f***. I've ever seen. But nevertheless, readers pull artists of the year, according to Rolling Stone. Not some not teen reader. Some stupid teeny Bob magazine, but according to Rolling Stone. 1999 Rolling Stone readers pull artists of the year, band of the year, album of the year, single there, best video, best rest, best song, best seat boys. Oh, that's somebody told me you're in half ago that they were dead meets. You gone before you know it. Like the new year's on a block. Don't even, what's the point? Okay. I mean, I realized there's not some great lasting group that'll be remembered or also like Olympic biscuit like that, but nevertheless, and I heard that crap music you played yesterday. Now, it's such easy. He was doing such a great job of him till now. What the hell was that? That's a domain. It was main. It was a whole right thing. Oh, oh. Here's Miami. Hello. Nobody's perfect. Yes, sir. Yeah, I look at these from Washington DC. I've fallen off my head and I'll just go let you know that it's an embarrassment to society. To see people getting me gridlocked and traffic. And it's a perfect matter. Going back to comments at the gentleman made earlier, if this is the country where mothers get loose cuts to their children for slapping them and the behind. Right. This woman puts the kid in danger and brings them over here and then he's cute and I'm cute in America and they're getting me wrong. But I think he's an embarrassment coming from Washington DC. We're hadn't heard anything about this case of a 30 second clip. Media here is just awful. I just want to go back back. I mean anywhere other than my aunt. I don't blame you. That's my philosophy. Oh, horrible. And that's pretty much it's the comment. I listen to people watching DC and actually I wish that you wouldn't take any more colors. I'm working. I'm calling, but I love the whole community of music. I'm not a very weird guy. Me too. I'll tell you. I'll tell you. Big lot. Don't do it again. Okay. Oops. Now there's a really good article where to hell is you? Where to hell? Of course, not trying to find the end of the editorial page in the Harold. Why can't they just do it like a real newspaper? I mean, I know that they're not, but I'll never find it. God dammit. Where is it? One moment please. Ah, crap. Oh, I'm going to find it. All right. It's in the, uh, op-ed pay here it is. By Joe Becker, she's director of the Children's Rights Advocacy for Human Rights Watch in New York City. And she writes about the other immigrant children. She says, Ellie, I'm at the end. She says, Ellie, I'm Gonzalez faces an uncertain future, but while his fate is being determined, he's able to stay in a carrying home, communicate his own language and explorers in farmers. For many other children, I noticed it almost forgotten daily life is much bleaker. She says, since he arrived here, life has been shoured with attention, toys, trips to Disney world universal studios, but for thousands of other children who like Ellie on a rye of a new west without their parents, the reception that received anything but warm. In Portland, I forgot last year, six Chinese children were held for eight months in a juvenile detention center, along with violent youthful offenders. One of the group of 15-year-old girls held for several weeks after being granted the asylum, even though she had an uncle in New York ready to care for. She told her report, I never thought I'd end up in jail like this. How do you like that? And she talks about the thousands of kids who arrive here without parents every year. And nobody's marching in the streets for them and nobody's taken them to Disney world, etc. And so on. Leave it, ta, leave it, ta, leave it. Leave it, leave it. Leave it, leave it, leave it. Leave it, what all you've been taken? 9 minutes after 11 at 5. 60 WDQM HETTOWN. The NFL playoffs are here. Fire on Alabama to complete in the touchdown. And Sunday it's the Dolphins and the Seattle Seahaw. Why from the kingdom? Bill Zimper and Jim Edditch call all the Etch. Count down the kickoff begins at noon. The game starts at 4.05. Oh, right, fire! Oh, here you are. On your Dolphins station, sports radio 5.69 AM. Get the Hoover out the Moon, Mark. Radio 5. On the and the lids all up to take me up with them. I eat with many of that, but they sound like a ground. So, for them to leave all those ground. Be me as an NFL dog. And you never hear the channel sound like chicken open. Every small spring child. They're a modern-ecribin old-natured dog. Now, if you can catch the ball, or run with the ball, the rape and murder, they all run. As long as they can, it was the bleacher. You can sit out someday, skin. The care is too, it's going to be long as they're vacant on the end. They'll end the strike, you lose weight. Oh! Be defensive, I'm very excited. Or they'll go round. Don't worry, they'll get 40 on the ground. Oh, you never have enough time. Be gentle, but you use a gentle amount. Be careful and down the front. Be gentle, but you use a gentle amount. Don't forget, you know, when it comes to that peaceful thing. He was, you know, he's just looking. He just wanted to take a look. I wanted to drive off the road when I heard the homperesay that the other day on Wednesday. And maybe that's what inspired me a little bit sicker. Just absolutely unbelievable. Rationalizing, condoning, washing away. Oh, what I saw over, now it's not all over. Maybe about 15 years, it might be over for lucky. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. Hello, Neil. This is Louis, a nice police officer for MetroDate. Thank you for the work, which kind of work to congratulations over here. Guys, did a great job. Hi, I admire you. Neil, because the fact that you stick to truth all the time, that's what makes sure the difference from all the other news people. I may say something we all respect to you. The only thing that I did not agree is when you used to work sticks. And then you used plaques. I know you walked the walk and you talked to a lot. I was just remember, Spickson's bones may break my bones. But I know the work, whatever, I know. But I mean, you started a reflection upon the given community. I've been here 41 years, I'm being told. About 22 of those in the police department. And I'm going to be getting them better. So make it short to do the point because I know you're busy. You're respected for it. It is ridiculous, stupid. But you know what's fault that is? Our loss, the police department actually, which not allowed that to happen. If you want to demonstrate it, what on the sidewalk, like you said. Right. Not in the middle of the street. And we can't own it. We allowed it to happen. And it's like a baby with a tantrum, like you said. There's a lot of kids, stories, and there's not a state. And a lot of more important things that we've got to worry about. You know how much money we spend in the police force. So we had to actually bring out extra police officers and all the fuel burning on, you know, for the helicopters and everything else. That's really stupid. Thousands of dollars. I just wanted to give my opinion. It's just that I believe that it's inside everyone. It's just a whole bunch of stupid kids. Just a few hundred people. That's all I want. You're 100, if you're 100 people. But I appreciate it. It kind of was you had for the mid-reg Police Department and the devil. Okay. Keep it up. Bye-bye. So we're going to have to land this next up 73,000,000 dollars up 150. There you go. Mochod, the narrow for everybody. Let's head out hundred dollar bills on the street corners. What do you say? That's what the water bees are going to be doing. I think? No. Here's Claren, Daytona Beach, who says I'm so disheartened by the actions of the militant Cubans Ray Ali on. And by the way, his name is not Ali on. There's something about some of you blame on the media here. It's not bad enough you've performed miserably yesterday. But his name is not Ali on. There is no eye at the beginning of that. There is no way you could pronounce an esponial or any other language. His name is not Ali on. That's like people from the Midwest who pronounce M.I.L.K. Melk. Okay. There is no E in the word milk. No, no, you didn't want to talk about? Yeah. Mel heard it. There is a, of course they were milking if we're all they could get out of it yesterday. Believe me. Worthy. It says I thought the Cubans were intelligent and had understood the value in concept of the freedom of democracy and capitalism. There is no way that island will ever be free, cast or not until they do grasp these issues. Another blow for world of democracies is clear in Daytona Beach. Well, fair enough you'll quite so bad because like we just said, there were in a few hundred people. A few hundred. And the same few hundred I'm sure. The professional agitators. They're like the Jesse Jackson's is not Florida. Every time there's a cross to the left, you can count on them to be out there. I do an interesting. I do an interesting. Yeah. Uncommand. An audio little punk's out there by the way, go crack a goddamn book or something. Or go get later, do something constructive and stop wasting time out there in the street. Checked out a bunch of jerk off. Okay. You idiots. You little punk. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Are you going to take great? Please often city of highly. I just to give you a little info. They told us yesterday, which I was working in today. If the promettor gets blocked do not go in it. So not a unless that page fee for how patrol calls for emergency backup do not assist them. And as for protesters do not arrest them. Even as far they'd want traffic. We route traffic do not arrest them at all. That is the mentality of our governments. Really. Just to give you that do not arrest them unless you're totally provoked and have no choice. And does that happen to notify the ship commander? Well, how come there was so little going on last night in highland? Well, it's most of the process you wouldn't city of Miami. Yeah. That's right last night was caught by night highly. I forgot that. That's probably. But most of them are in city of Miami today. And they expect to get worse. They're calling people in and overtime. But the bottom line is do not arrest them. That's the mentality and probably a lot of other small things. They expected to get worse today. They expected to get a lot worse today because I tried. People don't have anything to do. That might people have to work this morning. They've got about what about over the weekend. Not really because of these people. I want to block traffic. They know that people don't work on weekend. Oh, good point. That's right. So they can't inconvenience so many people on weekend. That is the old point. It convenience people and you know, that people pissed off. But today it's going to be probably you worse. They accept maybe next Friday to do something back. So okay. Just let them on. Thanks a big one. Take care, my friend. Bye. 11. 19. At 560 WQM 560 50560. On the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I got two opinions for you. I'm the one hand. I really don't want to be fucking traffic having to pay the price for that. Libbert hat or libertabler. But on the other hand, when I compare that, you know, yesterday's demonstrations to some of that other homegrown varieties such as what we saw at the World Trade Conference on the other coast, which by the way included pass-offist and all these homegrown people and in comparison. In comparison, I do have to plot the Cuban for their civility and comparison. I mean, there was millions of dollars in damage over that. That's right. That's a good point. But the fact is, it doesn't make it any more palatable to the people that were trying to get from point A to point B yesterday. And use the roads for the purpose that we designed to drive on, you know. So just to point out that there are people that are more militant and more obnoxious and less respectful for property and the law doesn't make condom what happened yesterday. Okay. I totally agree with that. I mean, that boat. Okay. Have a good day, Neil. Don't get out of the boat if you're smart. I sure will. It's got a leak in it. Oh, my God. It's the Titanic. Look at that. It's the over there. Now you don't have to worry about him. He floats. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Oh, sure. Yeah. And we can take back to the riots in Liberty City. We've had far worse things happen yesterday. Which is another reason, by the way, to keep focusing on the TV people. And thank the Lord. Thank goodness. Somebody must have gotten to him today. Even better. There's not a goddamn thing going on. One of the other. Channel six is doing our usual mediocre 11-to-nune news. He's south east of 10-15 knots. Yeah. Channel seven has still got Latifa on there. Latifa going. With one of those 87,000 Jerry Springer-like shows. And here we go, Channel four and hour talking. Yeah. And here's, oh, here we go. Channel four and hour talking. And we got, so, life is worth living. And we got regular shows on there. Now, okay. God damn it. And for a small fee, I'll be glad to tell you what happened on. I'm counting a light yesterday. Yeah. Oh, yeah. What do I understand? Thank God for 85 satellite dishes. It's all I can say. Here's West Kendall. Hello. Yeah, New. Yes, sir. Long time listener. Second time caller. All right. I got a solution for the, here you get a problem. See. Keep only in. It's an old acute was it a blocking the street. And Rick says it's back to Cuba. And Rosanna, then. That's it. Okay. Hey, Karen. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. Oh, and then I have to laugh. Did you see the guy with a freaky hat. The one that was doing his hunger strike. And he had the handcuffs on. No. You didn't see him. Get a straw hat. He looked like some kind of a scumbag from the bottom of a ship somewhere. A barnacle. A barnacle less than. And he's not going to try to get well. Well, the fillet goes back. He's going back to. Hey, well, pack your media notes. I pal, okay. He will need it. You want to bet. Oh, that's right. He's not hungry strikes. Well, for a few hours. He was doing a hunger strike like I do the atkins. Few hours at a time. Yeah, that's right. That's what I was thinking is I watched it. Always on a hunger strike for a couple of hours to lunch. Get here. Who are you a kid in pal? Okay. And by the way, you know, they have these amazing things called battubs and showers. Wow. You'd be shocked at what that could do for you. Here's Hi, Leah. Hello. Hey, Neil. Welcome. Listen, first time. All right. Listen. I've been down here for nine years. I'm so sorry. Wonderful. A wonderful. Our family has been down here for 35 years. And they are absolutely disgusted by this. Yes. They don't agree with the kid being here. They got the kids fathers and kids. Right. The kid goes back to his father. No matter what the situation is there, the kid did not know how poor or how bad he was until these idiots decided. Let's 24, 7 him on the TV and let's take him to Disney and show him all the excesses, which is what they call it over there. The excesses that we have here. I mean, let's show him how wonderful America is. And then let's send it back. What is this? What is taking him to Disney World? Have to do with America. I don't understand that. But why don't they take him to Columbo in high and show him where the gunshots were on the walls? Right. Show him. I mean, they're going to show him everything that's perfect in the United States. Yeah. Unfortunately, they're going to call him. Well, thank God. We don't proper get dies like that. Then, come he bastard of fidelity. You know, thank God we know. We're not proper get dies. Try to brainwash. Thank goodness for that. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. Here's a facts, which I think you're not not going to read it because it looks like a phony writing to me. Chronic. Although it does say, Jew bastard of the bottom and when grond might accorn. Thank you. Oh, here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. Great. Great show. You demand. All right. I'm off my religion. I got fucked by traffic on a street and I had a guy next to me waving a Cuban flag. How did his kids in the car? Okay. So I guess that's the mentality of what's going on. Let's bring the kids. Let's get arrested. Let's show them what we do for you. And by the way, if they're so worried about the six year old boy, how come they're not worried about their own little kids like us right before that they're sitting in the middle of the streets blocking the street with their little kids four and five and six year old kids sitting on the street with them. And on a street where there's traffic. Absolutely. So then I asked the guy, I said, listen, why are you here? I'm doing it. Well, what's your point? Why are you here? He didn't know. And the kids didn't know. Yeah. So bring them out. Get them or us a two. It's unbelievable. Now, if there's so worried about what's going on, it was going to happen to LA on in Cuba. I'll need to go back over there. Why for their country? Get it free. So we don't have to wipe their butt again. Well, at least they can keep them safe over there. They can make sure nothing bad happens. Absolutely. Okay. I'll be there. 1125 at 560, WQA M560, 70560, Pound 560, on the 18T wireless line. Here's some Fed bitch on the channel 7. Got her problems there. Like what you're doing, but I love you. Yeah. Some Fed discussing trailer park trash with some light-complicated sports around here with another one of these 85,000 Jerry Springer look-alike shows. And you wonder why the mind of the American Housewives turned to Jello? Yeah. So the smartest thing that they have to say is, uh-huh. I should tell you a lot, between Oprah and this crap. I mean, what does that leave not too much? 26 after 11 at 560, WQA M560, BFO. Tony Sports Showdowns are a new up to the challenge. No. Saturday morning, today. Only a sports radio, 560, QA M560. If Friday you wear shoes, they say that man he just buys his knee. Boy, they'll be even talk about him hating me. I used to sit that something I don't want to hear. But that just talking to you, prove it to you. Always, with too many me, I just can't say him. I'm saying a lot of things away from him. Don't get it, I've got old on myself with plain really thoughts. He needs the fine evidence to say the school's number. So I need to know. I need to know. No. So it's really a theme-marked and really a thing. My view is there. Loves on me to know. I need to know. So it's really a theme-marked and really a thing. My view is there. Loves. The bodyweight is on the market. The accounting for sh- Exactly. And Ricky Martin. The accounting for sh- Exactly. So I'm taking a penny out of whatever his name is. Accounts thing for sh- And two. 28 past 11 at 5. 50, WQL. I just want to play that. Accounts thing for sh- All day. I just love that. Just like the way she says it. Like she means it. Here's the mobile informe here. Hello. Afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. What we're here on here to coast. We don't get quite in and day to with that as much as you do, I guess. Oh, you're asking all the fun, man. I would give Kudos to ABC News yesterday. I was watching it. And a very last clip. I'd like to give a- All right. Whoever goes, a red sports agility drop. And it showed them just running right through all those idiots standing in middle of the street. Well, I had somewhere to go. You know, they were on the road. They figured they got to get somewhere. And if you're not going to go on the way, you know, to bed. I thought it was. Kelly copped her footage and the guy was there. We were just standing there and he just gunned it. He took a couple of them on the hood for a little ride. Oh, right. They enjoyed it. Okay. Might defend that guy some roses. Okay, pal. See those young who's over there for Myers. They like that. In fact, we might get some of those people might come over here next time. You know, some of those truck drivers from over those pickup truck driving guys from four minors with bed breaks. 1-800. What is it? 1-877-775-6345. And he had a town line. 877-775-6345. Like I said, may not be a very desirable thing. Or pretty embarrassed that it's happened here for the eight minutes of time in our town. But it sure is better than a- Jimmy and Danny, Jimmy and Danny. Yeah. That's right. So thank you very much by the way for giving us a little relief from all of that Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy. Thank you, God bless you. Just don't do it again. Here's Boker. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. It's your buddy from the hockey game. Which one is that? Your buddy Mitch. 560-505-60. On the AT&T line, here's a mobile, a coral spring. What is that? A coral in springs. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, are you doing? Okay. I got a couple of statements. One is about those channels that are doing this news about Alienion. You mean 466-710-2351, you mean? Right. I just got one so to make sporting events. When people go to these sporting events, they run on to the field. Yeah. I'm not permitted to show them. Right. They're afraid that it might happen. People want that to be bold. To go ahead and do it. So why is it that these channels are showing this just to influence other people? They're the height of your responsibility. If there's anybody who thinks that our local TV people have the slightest degree of responsibility, they're dreaming. They're in Lala land. And one other point is, I feel you aren't sticking that Miami's so great. Tomta, this is the Miami Dolphin team. There are a lot of them see their lifestyle. They'll be out on the first plane. Yeah. All right. Thanks. I'm a great day, Kyle. Or maybe Cecil could give a little guided tour out. Yeah. He's only six years old, but maybe Cecil will show them where all the openings are down. Still open some doors. Of course, some windows for them. And the case may be. He just was looking. He just wanted to take a little look. That's what somebody said on the station the other day. He said, I think he's going to do that. I just have to go to the doctor yesterday. Oh, Jesus Christank. Come on. There's this word. If you look up under CR and the dictionary, CRED. You look like under credibility. There's that word in there. Take a look at it and see what the definition is. I think one of the things that listen to their under credibility is that's sticking up for scumbags. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay. Happy New Year. Same to you. Listen. I'm not probably with the whole situation. I actually want to my problems. Yes. The TV station just that I just get the feeling that they don't want to cover the news. They want to make the news. Right. That's correct. And it bothers me that they stand out. They're waiting for something to happen. Waiting for something to happen. That's another good thing. Good point. They don't want to miss out. In case some road test barbara thing happens there. Right. They got to be the raw birds. They came to the shooting or something. They want to miss it. Exactly. I mean, it was kind of similar with the whole millennium thing. They wanted things to kind of go berserk so that they could have something to cover. I mean, I understand them covering it. But today, it's not to which they did. It was kind of like, and it was exactly the same thing yesterday. And I'm just too disappointed. So thanks for taking my call. Thanks to the memories. All right. Thanks for making your call. Okay. Bye bye. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line line nine is open as always. Well, listen, we got those four Myers people over there just getting ready. They're making plans. 877, 785, 6345, 877. By the way, the pants is never going to play again. Okay. Just ask. They lost four two by the way. And I was close to LA last night. Unfortunately, can't win them all. Lost to a girl steam the king. Did I see that game? Did I stay up to watch that? No. No. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi. Yes, sir. I support the Cuban protesting. And I was there protesting. And I want that kid to stay here in Miami. There's no signs in the church. Or is that who that is? That's true. That's me. Oh, this is that. There's a guy in the back. Get down here. Go, go, blow your horn or roll your boyfriend or something like that. Get out of here. Get out of my post. This guy's here. He needs help. He needs, uh, he's another one of those guys that walks around. Go and. And the streets. You gotta see the schmutz on that envelope. He sent us whatever he thought was a, some kind of a, oh man. You turned exactly. I think that's what it was. I think it was a sample of specimen. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Good morning. Good evening. First of all, what do you know that I'm a man grow? I'm not killed. Yeah. First, secondly, Neil, I can understand how a lot of these people think. And I understand you got a radio station and it needs you to be on your side in this case down here. I gotta tell you, you're very successful. You've been, I've been listening to you for years. Yeah. I can imagine it one day, one day, the president's country picked you up through you while left your mother here and made you boilers or your sisters. And took every asset to be able to work for your whole life and sent you to a country that couldn't speak the language. Yeah. You would be a little, I would be a little. I didn't realize alien works, uh, what kind of job that you're doing to you. Well, all right. You could have asked. What assets did he have? Uh, but my point is this, I could understand how a lot of these people feel this way. And the fact is that, uh, they're first and first of all, sir, none of the people that you're talking about got kicked out of anywhere. They all came here willingly. Nobody got kicked out of Cuba. They all came here willingly. Well, I'll say. Well, I'll say. Let me ask you a question. Let's tell between their legs. Uh, you're saying that. And then you're not a station or one go back to part and take Dr. Concerts. You know what I understand that they were fit to them to do this. Yeah. Well, let me ask you this. Do you think that the things that individual citizens ought to conduct foreign policies? Is that the way the, the government should the world operate? Well, let me say let me say that to you. Uh, I found out that when you protest in this country and then don't create chaos, nobody listens to politicians and jailers. And that's for that. So, so in other words, what you're saying with that sock over your phone or whatever you're doing, it sounds like you got a 10 can over your phone. Whatever it is, you're trying to say is that you believe that people ought to go out and block traffic. Well, the books and tea party, I just want to hear about. I'll go go go the Boston P party. That's what you're talking about. Bounce court court. Boston P party. This is a Jimmy Carter Jr. Probably wants Pete on the back of a building. I'm on the back of the John Hancock tower. Maybe we've done there. It's Fannie will haul ping in the goddamn back. 560 50 50, 560 on the AT&T wire of the slide. Kind of almighty. Bapapapapapapapap. Like you said about these colors. Here's the Pembroke Pine. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. That is a whole blooded American. My mom is a full blooded Cuban. Well, okay, great. He said he alde yesterday had heard the Schmit on TV. His family, I guess, takes a lot of blood to say. They're full blooded. They're full blooded. See, you people don't listen about. I'm telling you because you've been brainwars and it's believed that it makes a difference. Nobody gives a crap. Nobody with a brain cares. A lot of stupid people care. That's the problem. Oh, yeah. I'm 18th generation of Irish American. I'm 48th generation. Who gives a fly of crap? Okay. That in 14 bucks will buy a guy named Salami sandwich at the Emec Arena. And maybe a soda. Give me a fricking break. I'm nice. I'm not a Cuban man. I'm a Jew. I'm a great. We'll pack you some olive oil. Pack you some fudge. Here's Hialia, hello. Look at that. Look at that. He brought the tone back. Perfect. My tone brought the tone back to seven. That was beautiful. My god. Ah, ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, God. That was lovely. Let's see if he's still on there. What is it? Hello. Oh, ah. And he's still on there. He's holding it. Okay. That's the tone man. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Hey, listen, talk about the podcast on the cuttle up. Exactly. Here's a mobile in West Palm Beach, hello. Mobile in West Palm with a radio turn up or something. Hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir. Turn that radio off. Sir, turn the radio off and speak to me on a little thing called the phone. All right. How you doing now? Great. Okay. Let me say something now. I'm Cuban. And I don't agree with people being in the street or blogging the traffic. But let me tell you the default that most people are missing here. Yes. What is it? What's wrong? I see my feature man. He put on with a die. He's so much more a die. He's stepfather. Yeah. I don't know. He's a dog on the boat. Now, there's all world watch this. For that, who is the one who is the good to be blamed? Who is the one who came up rising? Sir, sir. I'm not going to debate with you. You feel like I said at the beginning of the show. Sir, I want to finish my sentence. I guess no. Oh, I'm sorry. No. And I will finish it without you on a line. You can make a great case for him staying here. And you can make a very emotional case. And that's fine. You can debate that all you want. But the fact is, it's not has nothing to do with our lives. It has nothing to do with the price of rice. And the iron has made the decision with the electricity. You don't like it. And it has nothing to do with people going on to God damn streets. That's what we're talking about. It's people continuing to disrupt this community and not giving a damn about anybody else. So long as they don't want to get their way. And the fact is, there are times when they're not going to get their way. I hate to break the news to you. Okay. But there are going to be times when you're not going to get your way. Because that's the way it is. That has to do with liberty. It has to do with other people's liberty, including driving on a goddamn highways which they pay tax money to build and maintain. So don't be hawking a China-Cabot liberty when you don't give a corrupt and don't respect other people's liberty. The most typical pile of horse manure of volschment I have ever seen in my life was that liberta, liberta, liberta. And I'll guarantee if you were to check the video takes you find that a lot of these same assholes that were out there yesterday were the same ones. The same one's protesting at the night center where Ben Bam was there. A band Bam in Pibles were trying to do their goddamn concert. And every other time we have one of these deals where somebody who wants to, you know, do a map of the country of Cuba on with a crayon. That's right. Same old tired hysteria. And I got news for her. I'm not speaking for myself. I know I'm speaking for the majority of sane people in this town. We're sick and tired of it. Long before there was any alien controversy, we were already sick and tired of it. Real sick and tired like after all a crap on the MacArthur causeway. When people could have died because ambulances in emergency vehicles couldn't get through because of such assholes were sitting there like children banging their spoons on the table. I want nice cigarettes there's ratchet. And when you jeopardize other people's safety and lives at that point somebody rational has to step in like Metro Day did yesterday. They commend him again. Nice job. Unlike the city of Miami last night who decided for whatever reason that flagger street was a playground and not again. The street where automobiles in trucks were supposed to be. Twenty-two twelve and five sixty WCWM. Sports radio five sixty. A half. Only in the banana republic baby. Only in Miami. Hello, I'm Charles and Heshten. It's a remind you that the founding fathers would have owned semi automatic ground. Some of my automatic weapons if they existed back then. While some right wing the genetics want to take away your God given right to buy these family friendly weapons such as neighborhood gun show. You now have nothing to worry about. Because my friends at the NRA are proud to introduce gun show to go. The easy way to run a gun show anywhere. As the office the beach even in church. We provide you with a small cashier. Unregistered guns. Only I do. I'm the mission of the gun. Everything you need to arm a small emerging nation or militia. And the most important thing. We even include a copy of the US gun's tuition. Now you can hold your own gun show for family and friends without any pesky waiting periods of background checks. Has there ever been an easier more efficient way to exercise your constitutional rights. Remember the name gun show to go. Ask red by men and any fine store anywhere. And don't forget guns don't kill people, people, people. And certain green is people. We check out the need that left. Thank you. But you don't understand. Siren green is people. It's 144 or 560 WPM. We got Hank at two. We got Jimmy. We could be. Got a shot special. Johnson show at five would Hank. We got a book shop. You're a six in a Orlando L. Elzagiri for a capital and ten o'clock tonight. Here's bill from homestead. Facts in us. It's his Hank tester from Channel 6. The just reported the protesters will drive to Miami International Airport and block the rivals and departs. On Monday. How do you like that? Do you think they're going to let them do that? No. No. Because that's not in the city of Miami. That's Metro. And you think they're going to let them do that? No. You bet your sweet answer or not. Don't be hauling them off by the wagon load. See, this is the kind of crap. And people condoning this stuff. What is that kind of accomplish? Is that going to change anything? No. Is that going to change the Clinton administration policy? No. Is that going to change the law? No. Just going to piss off a lot of people. And it can be used to a lot of people. And continue. And of course, you know, the media for this does happen. You can't forget whether the goddamn blanket will be all of it like Stink on Schmidt. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Okay. Have a nice life. Here's another mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I do. Yeah. I just feel very bad because I hear everybody saying that to have about time because the traffic, why had very detectives in front of my house? And I've got my beer. You know, I made a night out of it. I'm glad to hear it. Probably got laid with himself. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yeah. You know, is it have an M58 in Miami date County today or like one in the same? No, they're not equally corrupt and equally cautious. No, they didn't have as much graph as we have. You know, they did the MQ and Americans today aren't told about, you know, the what it was like in 58 with the police brutality under petistas and the corruption in the market. You know, I went to the IS to one guy said that they have democracy before our cash roll and he said yes. And I said, you better go back to history class and learn something. Read a book. Yeah, they had corruption in mafia control. Because she knows and the rampant prostitution. They just have to stretch. Yeah. And the old killers are paid to go and protest that they were at least. They also get paid to obtain about $15 million in Medicare prescriptions. Okay, great. Thanks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, 180, 180. And the wireless freaking line. Oh, God. Day after day, month after month and then of course we got those brilliant people to talk about Miami being a world class city. And you wonder why laugh every time I hear live world class city. Oh, yeah. Maybe maybe 10th world class city. Here's mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm a small business owner. First time long time. And I called the governor's office explaining what was going on down here. I got a sort of an order only. It was in fall. The situation. Nice of the governor is taking care of. He's got a come on. Yeah, he's got the try out. Yeah. I told him that I was really tired of I had to close my business yesterday and today. And it's that less revenue for the state. And I'm tired of having local politics dictated by a third world communist banana Republic. Yeah. And essentially he said, well, that's nice. Thank you. Bye. And hung up. And at the local authorities will be taking care of things. And I said, well, there's the local talk radio has shown that the local authorities have been given orders not to do anything about it. And I had no comment on that. That is rude. Why would you say that? Metro has done a real good job. Metro has done a great job. Yeah. So why did you start the officer that called from highly and all with the orders and such that there? That's one guy saying that we first of all we don't know if it's an office. Secondly, we don't know if that was true if he just made it up. And they didn't have any problem in highly. They had 10 guy standing on a curb last night. That's true. Okay. And have a great day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT and T wireless line. A mobile in West Palm Beach, hello. Neil, yes sir. You kind of glaze over it just a second ago what I was calling about. They keep calling themselves the Cuban exile community. They were never exiled. They're refugees. They left of their own. Reply years. Get away at your review. You know, they left of their own for issue for whatever reason. You know, many people leave their own country. But they're refugees. But to them, it's like a stigma that they don't want to be called back. Yeah. Well, if the media would stop using that expression and they wouldn't be called that. How many years do you have to be somewhere before you stop even if they were exiled? How many years later do you stop being an exile? Do you know what I'm saying, sir? And have a great day. I guess I kind of left them a puzzler. He was kind of saying. Yeah. Yeah. How many centuries do you have to be somewhere before you stop being an exile? Just like those poor Jews that were exiled for me. Do you know they were never there in their first place? Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. But I'm morning Neil. Yes, sir. This would be a short one if you find the expression. Okay. I can relate to it. Yes. I'm not impressed for what they're doing now. Just annoyed. But what would it pressure me would be a mass suicide? I'm about. Okay, great. 560, 560, pump by in this guy says he'll be first. Okay. Russian-relead no empty chambers. Out of town line is open 877-785-6345-877-775-635. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Hey Neil. How you doing? Good. Listen. I listen to George's show yesterday. I tried to call a couple of times. He was pretty swamped with calls. I've called him. He gets all the intellectuals. All you know, something. When I was driving to the doctor, and coming back, he did a real good job. But I didn't hear many of those intellectuals. The doctor always gets. They sounded like the same call as I get. Well, I've listened to you probably for 10 years since you know, down here. And I call you rarely. Only when I take exception to not to your conversations. Because I listen to you good better otherwise. I always make sense, right? But what happens in the town, and I want to get up on a soapbox, has a way to use. I use. All right. And George and I have spoken in the past, and we don't agree on this Cuban thing at all. First of all, you hit something right on the head. Three generations of Cubans ago were exiled. What a year did I mean? They are American and I'm, I was born and raised native Miami and so are these people. So you know what? God give it a rest. Yeah. Your green goes. I understand we're talking about the way even even forgetting about the demonstrations. Even what is usually referred to as the exiled community are the old hard line, right wing. Don't want to let it go. Historical. Pop. Pop. To help with the del. And and those people are like dying out there. Just aren't that many of them. And the proof in the pudding is look at the demonstrations. You had a bunch of young punks out there. Like you'll get with any demonstration because it's party time. But of the net, you had a bunch of old banana boat people. That's all. And the 120 years old. That's that's my point. The young guys, the young kids, some born of the they're they're born just because of the the the the the the Cubans. The young Cubans on Miami say they want they don't want to lose their heritage. That's the biggest problem between angles and Cubans in this community. If they don't want to acclimate and they don't want to become normalized in the society. I think that the biggest thing that separates Cubans from the right to this community is for skin. Well, that that you may know about that. I know I know a lot about it. So I could draw your diaphragm. But I'm serious. I think that is that's one of the big you can you can hear of you'll come in a restaurant. A Cuban family. They speak Spanish. They come in. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah, I understand what you say. I don't want to be rude to you, but I'm hanging up anyway. I mean, if we got a revisit all of these things. I mean, I just. Oh, my stomach problem is going to come back and I'm feeling pretty good right now. There. Oh, Jesus, man. I'm going to start. I'm shuckin' stuck. They won't do this, and they won't do that. And bapa. But it's pretty. No. It's Be iraiglase that. No big a. Put it in. Stop. Just a step back into time, five or ten minutes and pretend we didn't have that. Conversation. I'll I'll feel a lot better. Including me. OK. Sorry if? Oh, we? R�ky Oh, topping. We're standing. lingualism. Have a nice day. Yeah, thanks, bitch. Same old tired. Come on. Let's move on. Let's move on, okay? Because I'll tell you one thing that most of these are Cuban people want they want to get laid. That's what they want. That's what they want. Real bad. Like all you Polish people and Russian people and go ahead and doish people and the Chinese people. I just think the Chinese made a billion babies without getting laid a lot. Oh, and I really do wonder how this the Chinese could reproduce with such a tiny team. It goes to show you all you guys out there with a small penis. Don't feel like inferior. Don't feel too bad about it. Because if it works for the Chinese, it can work for you. It's gorgeous. Exactly. Oh, that guy just sent me back. I think I'm having a relapse. I better take a pill. Seriously, look at these. These are great antibiotics for my, huh? I don't know what they are. It's like FLY, MOTZ, IXPQ, something. Fly me to the moon. It's like me to the moon. It's yeah. Fly me to the Kakamoon. Okay, let's pretend we didn't hear him. We're having a pretty good time here today. Everybody feels pretty good about it. We know what's the assholes on TV and a bunch of idiots out there in the street to have no respect for anybody else's Libert Dodd with all the insurvagan. I do like her. I look for her. Bad for you though. Here's a mobile in Pembroke, Pine, and so long. Maybe I'll have to. Great. I know the conversations get nold and I know you don't want to hear it anymore. Allers under whatever you got, Alex, except except the guy that was just on trying to rehash all the old. I mean, I just can't hit a lead. It's fine, it's fine. It's fine. It's fine. Logo into me how a woman in heaven sure it could be murdered and they catch the murder and her news gets on a 20 heaven for a lemon last night. Wait, wait a minute. We had a kid that got the capitated. It's 12 year old boy stuck his head on the school bus got the capitated died. We had a kid who choked on a hot dog in the lunch room and died 11 year old boy and the woman's body that they found in heaven chura, the waitress and all of these other things going on and all at the local news had 99% on yesterday was a big major event that nothing really happened. Same old-tired crap. You people a channel 4, 6, 7 and 10 you suck but anyway go ahead sir. But how do you really feel? Exactly. I mean, again, they suck. They suck up big one. It's just mind-boggling to me and that's why so many people are calling on the same issues because everyone's so passionate. The best one of the whole show on news yesterday was when the guy in the little red Honda almost ran somebody down. What do you know about the metal? What do you mean almost? Well, unfortunately they got back up. He knocked two people right off their goddamn seat. But they got back up. Well, they're your dog. Okay, have a great day sir. I'm turn the smelly aroma from the end of that call. Well, you know, he didn't really mean did he really mean it? Oh, yeah, I think it is. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line that toll-free worldwide line for you to speak your thing for your opportunity to take advantage of the great live at died. Freedom of speech which means as long as you say something that we like you can say otherwise to you. 877 756345. You're an epic, a comedic, you're a comedic. The visions of that lunatic just uh oh, I'll never forget it as long as they're there. Historical is eyes bulging out of his sockets. Four minutes till noon is 560 WQAM Succe. The neo-Rottershow sports radio 560. I've lived through a train combo. All right. I was out here. I wanna do nothing was cripple. But I don't do it, it's your play over fish. I guess my girlfriend forgot their tells me. I just know the things you want so many of this while. I'm so many of them in the deep and realsies. And I found out the way the chase became with the dust. I did that big thing. It was too dark to see. She did it better for those things. I'm not sure if that's the case. I'll be back. Okay, it's probably the kitchen. I'm a little hand. I couldn't give a crap less about these out of control professionals. I do have a lot of complete regarding our right. They didn't turn off the goddamn sunpan system. How do you like that? My Makas Parts gets onto three beaters when they're doing their rities as much as that Wichels. No, they go all the way here. Afterическая valle del time with two Ayutica nights, she was six times out. And there are some interesting things in here which are what we do to hold our club, but she says, you know, what are the limits of free speech and the country that values unbridled expression above all else here in the city of intolerments? Protesters were freed in self-built Clinton, Fidel Castro, on the immigration actualization service while snarling traffic in the shadow of the freedom tower. All the name has got it effort to keep a little boy who watches mother die at sea from returning to his father in Cuba. A sad incident as mushroomed into a sad or spectacle and turned alien Gonzalez into a political pawn. I didn't like that. Well said, Linda. And then she talks about the thing with Vinnie Prasple and that frog. I mean that the Frenchman for free is Breeze-Wah in the NHL. What's wrong with that? He's an F and Frog, isn't he? What's wrong with calling a Frog a Frog? Is that the way that's expression goes? If you can call a spade a spade, why can't you call our Frog a Frog? Jesus can the most virulent anti-caster exiles put aside their bitterness long enough to consider another point of view? No. I'm not talking about John as often as rocker. There's a set of rocks. Yeah, intolerances worth them. She throws a shot at talk shows too. Head up with that in there, didn't you? Linda huh? Bitch. But anyway, it's pretty interesting column. And but see, like Bud Light, he comes up a while. He's going to have to undergo a psychiatric counseling and then we'll decide what to do after the smoke clears. He's got as much of a right to be a bigot and to, you know, the best thing just keep your mouth shut. But this goes along with the SPN and all these other 24-hour channels that have to get sound bites and sports illustrated and all these other stupid magazines that keep interview and dumb jokes and ask them for their opinions on the sociological issues, you know? Like some dumb or rather jack with a third grade education is going to be a great sociologist and have something worthwhile to say. No, I don't think so. Just throw it about they being checked your mouth with an F. Is there an F in mouth? No. Here's a lady in high allia. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Yeah. I agree. I'm going to pretend on the fact that it inconvenuses everyone around since they are blocking traffic. Although I don't think everyone should come down on all humans in general. But we're not nobody on this show is coming down on all humans. We've been pointing out repeatedly. It's only a few hundred assholes. Well, I'm not getting defensive about because I'm just saying it's, it's, it's sort of be, well, you say you're not. Well, I don't think it should be all humans in general because what if one of the night just gets you saying? Because you say you're not being defensive but you keep repeating over and over again the same thing. Well, because I just, because there are some that just say all humans and this and I don't think that's right. You know, when are all these other, anybody, when did you or anybody say that on this program? I haven't heard anyone separate. I just want to call it that I went out of my way. I don't know how many times, maybe 50,000 times, maybe 2 million times at a program. We've only been on two hours today to point out and I also made an impassioned thing about how sorry I feel that the media used this small handful of few hundred people to create this ugly stereotype and that a lot of people assume that all humans feel is way. Didn't I make those comments over and over again? Well, I guess I did. I realized maybe one of those things from beginning to start. But I've been very, very, very, very whatever the word is to do that over and over again. Would you say? I don't know. So, come over here to pick up the little boy and they feel that the worst thing that could ever happen to his little boy to be not going to go on to be picked up by people he'd never met. We sat down and feel that that would hurt this little boy. Yeah, right. That's what psychiatrist, this psychiatrist is the ones who is saying that he belongs with his father, all irrational psychiatrist and saying that all this crap that's going on here is very detrimental to him. But they got some professional hysterical hoolio there on channel seven hoc in the China gigant. And by the way, speaking about being picked up by people he never met before we didn't know, did he meet these other people and know that he's with these relatives here now? No. No. What a species argument. And by the way, does he know his father? I think so. We talked to one of the phone yesterday. I think he knows daddy. I mean, the lamest, the saddest, the most tragic excuses. And I'll see it for the eight million times. You can argue, I could make the greatest case. The most impassioned case for that kid staying here. I could bring tears to your eyes and make a tremendously impassioned case for freedom and to leave right there and all the other crap and how many of these are all the other, I could do that. But what does it mean? What the hell does it mean? How about all the other kids here that goes through all kinds of crap? How about the kids that get a textbook to take a home at night and date county? All these people marching in the streets about this one little 60 year old kid. Are they screaming about those things? No. You get a lot of kids that can't get a lunch and got them school every day and have to take their car and fly out to try to get a 50 minute lunch and the one that got killed, three? No. See the things that are important. Nobody gets excited about. Have you heard me say that about 25 million times before? Yeah. The things that really count. But the thing but using this kid again for the same old tired emotion and waving that stupid ugly flag, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. That word were tired of it. Okay. We don't want to hear it no more for us. Sick of it. You're not fooling anybody with a brain. You may be fooling some emotional psychotic people who can't do or to irrational think clearly. You're not fooling anybody with a brain that's functioning. Couldn't give a flying crap less about that kid. And of course they put on a big act. Oh no, it's hit. No, it's not him. It's strictly fiddell. It's strictly to hell with fiddell. Who's going to Brownie points this time? And of course you know if the kid does go back. That's going to create even bigger inferiority complex in the minds of these people that are running around yelling libertad. Oh, do we last on that one? Just like when a baseball team came here. You've been baseball team did the work come to an end. Did life go on, I think so. Here's Miami. Hello. Good morning. Yes, sir. Good evening. I am sorry. This thing happened to Miami. This is so reminds me of a terrorist activity. You know, they take over a plane. They say if you don't give us what we want, we're going to blow up the plane. Right. This is similar to that. And nobody in Washington or any of the politicians around you. Nobody's blowing anybody up here yet. Well, it's a terrorist activity whether they blow them up or not. You know, you do what we want. What we're going to do this at the other side. Right. And we're going to screw up all that. In fact, some of these people have been holding up the signs. We built Miami rule the striots or Miami is burning. I mean, what kind of crap is that? Well, with a Cuban flag right next to it. Right. And the politicians in this town don't call Lincoln or Eliana or Sanjet. Don't call those people. And even McCain and drive up and look at that. What do you expect from good right wing Republicans? They're panning to the constituency. Well, what do you expect in the say? Well, I'd say what I've changed my mind on a lot of politicians and a lot of friends with mine have also that feel the same way. This ridiculous, I just, I just had to express my opinion. Okay. And I appreciate your program. Thanks. Thank you. And of course, the interesting thing with people like Eliana Gross and with the McCain and all these other, they don't have to. They don't have to do any of this because they've got those votes sewn up anyway. Any good room. All they got to have is that elephant there. What is truck up in here? They got 90% of that Cuban vote in this town anyway. So what difference is it make? They don't have to pander. Here's Daniel. Hello. Yeah, I go down on Cuba's name, Beth. Yeah, okay. Me too. 560, 5050, 5060 on the AT&T, wireless line. I was there first though. Here's a mobile and must be, cello. Hello? Yes, sir. You got to speak to him. Okay. And God. That's what I said. Have you tried it? Back to you. You know, all these things going on in Miami was all these Cuban children. Really? Yeah, I mean, you know, I don't give a flying crap. I really don't. Like you said, there's other more important stuff in the news. Right. We got some environment to worry about. We got crooked politicians to get a guy to education. That's good. Can't go to school in porta potty. I mean, what kind of garbage is that? Yeah, I mean, you know, I mean, you know, I mean, I've built and John Henry a big stadium and making him a lot of money. We got important things to a fixed-of-rime. You know, send the kid back in a peaceful two, you know. Right. All right, Neil. Have a great life. You too. 567. 560. 565. 69. And a set of your noon at 560. WQM. Speak to you, I'm like. Speak to you, I am. Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. He's cut it away. Quite literally when I was circumsizing. Oh, some how it grew back on me. Amazingly. Open night. My four skin stack. I have to hang in like a fruit fly. Oh, I've got my body. I've got my body. I have like a boost. And everything's fine. Oh, I've got my body. I've got my knees back. I've been getting cut away. Oh, I'm hung like a racer. And I really rat by to be down the side. Oh, how old? How old? I'm a big man. Now that it grew back over the side. Oh, who? Is that the same thing? My four skin stack. With the moiled horse, he troubled. My day, my day, my day, my day, my night, he always told her. Poor big and fast-der-sized as awful as doubles. My day, my day, my night, my day, my night. My day, my night, he's five good-skinned. Spac-skinned spac-skinned spac-skinned. My second-spac-skinned, my second-spac-skinned. I put my clothes in the house. I put my hands back. Put my hands back. Your towel says your red. I put my legs back. I'm sorry, not right in the middle. Not just before our lovely lunch gets here from time. Yeah, right in the middle. Well, I'm trying to help on a diet there. A lot of people trying to lose weight a lot of real fat Americans out there big fat cows like me trying desperately lose weight Can't do it, baby. Oh, and I am lost about Two or three ounces. Here's mommy Beach, hello. Hey, happy new year, guys. I'm a user. You know as your color system pissed off and fired up. All right. You said it So I think it was around the lecture. You said the worm is turned in Metro Day. Day count. I remember you saying that and I'll let them understand it. But I think when it's kid goes back the worms jump around the bottom You know, and well the fact that there were so few people out there, which the media of course have very assorted at that and turn some of these brothers to the Everglades All upset about that, but I think this is the turning point. We've drawn a line in the sand and on their side. It's pretty vacant And I'm glad you got the point up at the we may man, you know, we can tear it down. I literally all my life. I thought that was so much Before I mean, and I'm not only blue, but I mean talk about arrogance. What kind of crap is that? That's the word. There you go. Erick. Yeah. I'm grateful bastard. Yeah, I do. We flag next to it. Now I got to thank you guy and a red dog like the first call. Okay, everything Okay, five six seven. Oh five sixty pound well they're squeezing themselves. They saw that the TV of course have shown it over and over again. They saw that. Oh wait a minute. Here we go. He's locking the street and the forters also showing up just outside of London. I look at it. There are two four five and of course here comes one of the relative. There's there are like 20 cameras. I happen to be forters And there are five people standing in front of the house where L. Goods all and here you assholes go again. Here you go again. I'm channel seven. Supporters showing up. There's but there are all these cameras and all the media people with their microphone. All these morons and there's four or five people standing and maybe they're even the goddamn relays for all we know. There's no way they might have been walking by on the way somewhere. Exactly. They wonder where if the Virgin Mary showed up for a lot of pizza or whatever it was. Oh, that's a Hollywood. Oh, sorry. We'll see you later. What what what what I put your lunatics you people are? Just keep blowing it up and blowing it up trying to make a monotoggaid damn old hill. There's nothing going on. There ain't nothing going on people and you people a channel four six seven and ten. You just won't stop because you relentless you're a bunch of grave robbers. You want to have your licenses lifted now. The FCC ought to come in here take a viewer what kind of crap you put on yesterday. And see the way you keep exploiting and trying to build up his theory and irresponsibleity in his community and take your license away now. God damn it Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello Morning Neil or afternoon Neil. Yes, sir. Good evening. An embarrassed human here in Naples. Neil, yesterday. You're embarrassed by what happened here or embarrassed to be in Naples. Well, a little boat for a night. I don't blame you. Yesterday when Joe when George was finishing up the show he had a dumbass call. And after the show I changed over to a station out of Miami 1140 and they have this lady Mosquito I believe the fly I guess is her name. This is the seat and something like that you know and this woman you talk about stern this mid. This lady was getting people and such a mood that it was unbelievable. You know and you know I don't I don't understand. I think thank God I don't live down there because you know I'd be out there like George Wait a minute. Hang on. It's a lounge. It's available. It's a public record. I think that conveys what I had to say. I said before I wasn't going to try this case in the press. I don't know how any jury or any find her fact become up with any other conclusion that he built in that house to do no good. Okay, go ahead. So I'm sorry. He was just looking around too soon. Go ahead. This woman was on the radio and when she saw that people were getting arrested she got I mean passed off and she was going to call the mayor and this was going to come to an end. They couldn't do these two people. No they should they they shouldn't have been beaten to Okay, great. There's her. Whoo. Why did I have a feeling that he was going to get just a little a tad carried away there. Yeah, so Fred had died there. Cecil's attorney says, but I beat but I'm a little bit about. Yeah, the new deal. I guess he was breaking in there and he took off the screen from the window and he was breaking in and did do a good deed as five in the morning, right? He was going to do some good. Yeah, he was going to like the apologies for something like that. You know, yeah. Oh my god, are you are you freaking kidding me or what not fooling this guy? Yeah, I mean isn't that the thing if you want to do a good deed for somebody you'll wait for the opportunity and then you way you pull off the screen window and you're breaking in there when you're sound asleep and you do a good deed and leave your little deposit there. Great and I bet you I know somebody it's going to agree with that. If you want to show but that was yeah, you'll probably bind to that. Here's a mobile in Melbourne, hello. Mobile in Melbourne. Yeah, hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I'm driving in a I'm in a semi. I'm driving back from Orlando. See. And I am with listening to the news this morning in Orlando. They are the top of the news. They only say a couple minutes and that was it. But it's people who people may be killed man. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm more respect for them. Thank you all. Shout out to the few planes. Friday emperors. I don't think they have any. I think they can do it. Oh, okay. Oh, please. I got the both for doing it. Right. What do you think? I say, uh, well, thank you. I'm a sandwich. I'm a great day, amigo. Oh, okay, man. Oh, my. Okay, they just had another thing here. And I want channel to my am I still on seven here. Wait a minute. One moment please. I want to make sure that I was you're still on seven because they're in their new news. And they had another clip. Oh, and of course, it started out as they have the decision. And now it's struggle in the streets. Struggle in the streets. Oh. Yeah. And of course, they're not guilty of yellow journalism. It's, uh, red journalism, right red. Not red is in combination with red is in blood, blood, he read. And they're struggling to see any show. And there was one limp of big tube of the flag hanging there. They were like three people standing there and I don't think we were either just standing around. Now they're just showing people hanging out in their backyard. That's how desperate they are to try to convince us that there's some big demonstration going on. Is there a big thing? Oh, I sure ain't two one yet, not today. Oh, God. Here's a lady mobile and pepper pine. Hello. Hello, Neil. How are you? Okay. Happy new year. Same to you. The reason I'm calling. I call you everyone's all about guiding light. Yeah. Because of the Cuban East is yesterday. I miss guiding light. I saw it. Can you tell me what happened? Please. Well, let's see. What's your name, Carmen? Keep saying it around the Vanessa's room. Of course, in the hospital. Okay. You asked up or die? And what's his name? The the Prince's brother, the evil brother. And, and, and Edmund got her a way there long enough to write a $10,000 check to her what she owes him. And he keeps stalking in the hangover or shoulder. And he realizes that he's out of her. That's something's going on. Okay. And then, uh, young Bill was back. Not looking too good, by the way. Looks like he's had a rough life this last couple of months. Young Bill was there to see P. L. R. And, uh, of course, Carmen kept sticking her head in the door way to try to hear what the hell was being said. Because she's afraid P. L. R. is going to spill the beans. Right. And, uh, let's see. What's your name? The daughter that used to be 12. But now she's a 17, Josh's daughter. Right. Told Josh had lunch that she was, uh, some kid's honor. Ha, Ma'am, right. They used to be a 10 and now she's 100 years old. And that some kid tried to rape her and Yadiyada and that Olivia was the one that came in and interceded. And that's where Olivia was, which is why she missed the big meeting. And now he's trying to call Olivia. But she's boozed in that put a champagne and she's on the verge of maybe another 10 to two a side. And Josh is on the way over to there. And that's where we are. Oh, nothing was casting. Uh, I was waiting for casting Richard because they're supposed to go back. Now they haven't gone back yet. Now in fact, Richard, maybe it was either yesterday that maybe four that he was fumbling him on and got all nervous and was fantasizing about doing that. Yeah. No, no, we didn't. We were not yesterday. They were taken the day off. Well, I was really, he was taking his bag where you're still. I think could I ask you favor? And by the way, let's face it a few words. You're doing you'd rather do Cassie or that old the wash down Reba huh? Well, yeah, you're right. Yeah. No contrast. That's right. Exactly. For my friend Greg, would you play for an image? Okay, I'll work on it. And can I say Zygazan to you in in the year 2000? Okay. Also, uh, I like the call I have been Joe with Okay, see ya. Oh, woo. Talk about pushing the envelope. I think she just looked it if you know what I mean. Uh-huh. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Now let's see you already played. See, I want to get on the same page with you here. So the next break I'm just doing solo. Plus I got to go pee, you know? I could pee in a cup here under the table. You'd never even know it. No, we'll be short breaks. I don't have time to go pee. But I could play what she asked for. And then I have plenty of time to go because if I can do a serious business sentiment in the half I can certainly pee in about 30 seconds. Boy, thanks to Dr. Diamond Boy, I think those antibiotics are getting me out of the woods. Back to your own pep year today. Huh? You're full of pep. Yeah, because I don't know. I still have a little lower stomach, you know, but sure as hell beats the alternative, which is starting to worry about, you know? Like a big tool, or things like that. Yeah, I think that by Monday, I'm going to be full of it vinegar and if I don't go pretty soon, I'll be full of what goes with vinegar. Here is a bokeh, hello. You know, yes, sir. You need to take a little boy can saw was the baby Jesus, I mean, I'm sorry. The baby Jesus. And the whole Cuban community inches. Okay, great. 5675050, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Hey, Neil, I think I knew that I was going to hang up on him. Yes. All right, Neil. Anyway, I'm another embarrassed Cuban here in Miami. Basically, these people are out there just wasting their time. Regardless of what happens with the kid, really what they're doing is just lying for a political power here in the local area. Fight each other. Try to do as much attention as possible. So they're numerous little organizations that only have one or two members each and they're all out there. About 50 or 60's all this out in the street right now. Anyway, and it's just a big waste of time and embarrassment for the area for, you know, the Cubans for anybody, you know, they're getting everybody upset at them and then, you know, it's just not going to do any good and keep up the face and I got my passport ready. All right, please, it's hard. And you passed forward, too. 5675050, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I'm debating whether taking a call or go take a leak, you know, you're going to take something. Here's a mobile and tempered pine, shall I? Hey, Neil, I do. Great. Listen, I paint just for a channel six that just say, and this is what just kills me and I got a question about apparently Monday they're going to have their ports. Yeah, the airport. And then somebody asks, hey, are you going to be doing this at other airports in the area and the response was will not at this time? My question is, can't pursue a tow and Sanchez or some of these other leaders? Is there some types of charge that can be brought against them for kind of exciting to see over here? Sure, of course. I mean, because it's, but you see that everybody there are arresting, they go down and they process them and that they put them back out on the street. But in other words, instead of the organizers of it, there wouldn't be any more like a serious charge for them as opposed to just the regular civil disobedience. And in sighting, you're right, there's certainly a much more serious charge in disco and out there in, you know, blocking the street. Well, I'd like to see them try and they ought to take the news directors or whoever's in charge of channel 467 and 10 and give them the same charge and put them in the same cell that people with a towel or whatever his name is Sanchez and all his other assholes. I couldn't agree anymore, near. You take care. And audio, so I'll see you in the Everglades, okay? And that basulto will brothers to the accesses to the rescue guy who's busy shooting the elbow 66 people in the feet. So you keep saying, I get him, I can't feel there's nothing to confuse. It's all the same person with a different name. 567560, pound 560 on the 18 year old, I'm going to play what she wanted, which I realized it's nice and long and I'm really sick and tired of it to be honest with you. But nevertheless, it's 352. I'm going to take a nice leak and I'll do this spot and then they say I love his tattoo. That what we're doing is wrong. But I don't care what they say. Because my love is so strong. They tell us we should be ashamed. What about husband and wife? But I'll cherish each moment with you. I'm so glad you're in my life. You're my prison bitch, my prison bitch, you're not like a man. I'm glad we share a prison cell when life goes out at 10. I can't accept who I feel now that will be a crime. As long as I am doing you, I don't mind doing time. Call to your father, prison bitch, my prison bitch, and I have no regrets. I got you for a pity, bar and a pack of cigarettes. It hurts to know where we're just at, but now you are my friends. I knew that I would get you in the end. I'm not treated, you're prison bitch, and you're locked and you're not. I only have a book and request how about the only best I need. I'm tired of this, I can tell. I need to get away. Since then, if you seven years not, I'm not dead. I'm not treated. You're new for many hours. Chimps. I'll be in the chasing markers that you've found. I'm not a half. I thought that I could break away, but now I'm losing hope. Sports work? I got bored of hearing about the sorrow. When I get out, I'm dead. You're so strange. I know my prison bitch, my prison bitch, I'll never take a bite. You're not like all the others. Too bad they had to die. The pulp. Why are you not at five, 60, why are you? The thing they just had on there now, they had like ten people on channel seven. While the struggle in the streets is going on, ten people. Is there a struggle there? No. I don't see it. You're struggling to get a newscast together. Exactly. They're struggling to try to make something out of nothing. Is what you're struggling to do. Give it a rest. Here's four miles. Yeah, I'm here. Leave it or not. I drive a limo over here in four miles. I'm going over here to pick up some people picking my in the international. I can actually battle my way in and out of the higher ear or what? Nothing on here right now. There's a full mattress. They just go, they just don't flag the red first and down time. Some clips from earlier this morning and they might be pulling this time. I have at least something must have gotten to the powers that be, but they were out there making sure that nothing going on. And there may be a handful, eight or nine people standing on the sidewalk with their flags off of the side. Not blocking the streets. Nothing is going on. Oh, good. Thank you. Thank you. Okay. I'm Douglas. Good bye. See you again, Dakota. You told me that my head is just going to do it immediately. That was nervous. well, I already have it. They're not going to change their decision based on a bunch of people doing irresponsible things. It's not going to happen. You know, it's like that older spurs, not taking no for an answer. And that's basically what these people are saying. And of course this business about well, the father should come here. If you were the father, would you come here in the middle of this crap that's going on here? No, with the expectation that you'd have a free choice to that point of doing whatever you want. No, of course not. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, Leo. Yes, sir. I guess don't go out there in traffic. Let me tell you. The word human trash that I had as a scene was out there. Yeah. These are the people that don't work, collect unemployment. You know, they fall down a camera to collect insurance. Uh-huh. You know, they should take them on back and send them back to Cuba. Yeah, yeah, that's a great occupation, by the way. What do you do for a living or a foot in falls? Yeah, there's some professional still pin fall guys out there. Make a fortune. I tell you, man. It was scary. I didn't think that I thought it was even to have I know. Yeah. Well, maybe that's where some of these people belong, you know. And the mobile back. Okay. That's my vote. Oh, and finally, where I went to the new news is over on Channel 7 and that we're back to that famous headline news. How do you like that? That's a real great station by the way that's going to put on Final Casting and headline news in 1230 because you can't fill up an hour newscast. Because there's nothing going on. Sinal casting CNN headline news. Oh, my god. What a joke. Oh, there's Jenny Jones on NBC on to, and there's the young in a horny. Let's see. What's the tell me the one that will part Charles? What the all is that? We're better leave on seven because we don't know if that anything happens. Channel 7. They'll be hyperventilating on it and right next to it. And by the way, Rick Sanchez, how about that National Council of Churches, Communists at Communists at Communists. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. New, happy wife of cake. Back to you. Don't tell me. Okay. Just want to ask you about a diet. I started out in Santa Cal. What's your opinion on that? Oh, it's great out here. Yeah. Got a lot of that keeping grease coming out. He keep your real busy all day. You won't have time to see my advice is stay close to home. Yeah, but you think I mean, your advice is a good diet. I wouldn't take that. I wouldn't. The way my stomach's been lying to me because I haven't needed any kind of care. I've been making a lot of quick runs. You know what I'm saying? I hear you. Or I just want to want to. I'm going to listen when you go out of your neighborhood bar to this weekend. Watch out for those oily stools. I hear you. I hear you. I just want to everyone out there that's listening that I'm also a fellow Cuban and I want to apologize for all those dumbasses out there that are making fools out of us Cuban. Okay, pal. Don't worry about it. And we don't know who they are. And I just wanted to call Rick Sanchez and all the new staff to tell seven that they're all douchebag. Okay, and I stick to your meat. Okay. 25 to 1 at 560 WQN. The verdict is almost unanimous in this audience. Okay, in this crowd. It's another new shouldy station. That's not the issue. The stage fine with me. I don't care if he goes. That's fine. And it's that's mean nothing. Oh, it's the baby Jesus. It's the baby Jesus. Not that we're dealing with any irrational people. You understand it. Here's Parkland. Hello. Oh, you're not doing the wrong answer. What is this? Oh, first time calling. All right. And long time this and following with the call of the phone calls. Yeah, my thing is this with what is your thing? What everyone that's exposing disobedience and rocker industries and protests and stuff. If we tell us all that energy into one thing, we would never have to let Cuba. Yeah. And I said can't understand it because we opened the door. We know something it's 40 years ago. It's water over to bridge the horses out of the bar. It's ancient history. We're here now. Let's move on with our lives. Let's stop crying over spilled milk. Let's stop screaming in yelling. He's not going to go away. And let's start living here and taking care of what we need to take care of here. You know what I'm saying is there? And that's true. Let us eat the O.B. Yeah. That's what immigration policy was that we said it should have been clear. Right. Because a lot of people have died out there and the road was made of your that we sent a back. Yeah. We were focused on it. What is nothing? I really enjoy your program. Okay. And thank you. And how do you rate things? I will re-appropriate your reconsider. 5675. I repeat. Patriate. We appropriate reevaluate. What are you giving him a song? I'm going to dance. I can George is giving a look. He made a mistake again. Just he was one of our more articulate cars. What was that? All the way did hear those intellectual people you were talking to yesterday. I thought all of that. He did. When was that? I don't know. Oh, maybe I dreamed it last night. Maybe it was when Andy Moss called it last time. You know Andy Moss, he's an asshole. Oh, God. Here's a mobile and North Miami. Hello, where am I? Any or somewhere? Uncle Neil. Yes, sir. Did you happen to hear Mr. Mayor Pinoless comments on radio yesterday? On radio, no. Yeah. Well, he went on an English language first. We're all Americans. This is democracy. Let's all live together. And goes over to the Cuban type of Spanish radio and said, I am Cuban first and I'm neutral. Uh-huh. Yeah. I said one thing he always is. He's an asshole. Yeah. In a language. Anyway, I was going to say is that a lot of people say the reason why the police in down here don't do anything is that the Cubans won't hit Cubans. I said what they need to do is look at the training films from the WTO and Seattle because whites were doing whites. Okay. Okay. And have a great day. Here's the fact this is the first or man over the people yesterday should be given the same punishment as Rick Sanchez a TV show. Oh, there you go. That's a good point. Oh, 530. 530 a channel 7 on a kind of red car is going to have his own show. And then here's what it wouldn't be just something about poop and stink in the airport and this is in any okay. Whatever you say. Here's a lady in sunrise. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, man. Dad. Hey, I want to ask your questions. Yes. Sorry, but first time caller. Are you getting a strangled with that phone corridor with the TV? Can you just come in and one? Stop it. Are we taking a look? Let me get the answer question. I. What are those fishermen think now after they picked up the boy and all this is happened? They want them to stay here. Oh, they did. They're not saying like next time we're going to come by and like pop the internet to think he's gone. No. That's the. Oh. I think she said the Schmidt in there. Then she. I don't know. Maybe she did. Maybe she didn't say it a little machine. Oh, great. Love today from the United City. So I'll and remember what happened in the case that it was a hot dog? Oh, that's right. I know the Heinlek. Yeah, they did. They're too. It did it help. No, he did. He died. He. What is this? That would be cool. What is this thing from my land. It seems about the super sub bull special. What is that? They stuck it on top of the thing. So I get to. Feeds 10 line and are 15 cheerleaders for only 59.95. Order must be placed 72 hours before kick up. Oh, I see it's the Super Bowl sub for only 59. 95. And it comes with the Tata salad and coast law and so it is and old brownies too. Hmm. For all you brownies. Yeah, my favorite. Why I've been packing a lot of specimens last the 24 hours with my doctor. Yeah, in tubes and shimmering on. Oh, yeah, like that stuff. I think they play with it. 21 before one at five 60 W to Q. I am. Are you tired of paying too much for long distance call? Uh-huh. They need to pick up the talk talks phone card. With the talk talk phone card. You'll save money every time you pick up your instrument and that damn phone too. You'll pay 59 cents the first minute and then just three cents per minute after that. Just three cents a minute. With the talk talk phone card, you'll always get reliable clear connections. Just dial your access number. Enter your pin number. Start talking to friends and family anywhere in the US for only three cents a minute. And the talk talk phone card. These you define it's the bright yellow card. You'll find at your local convenience stores and gas stations from the keys all the way to the palm beaches. So the next time you make a long distance call make it with the bright yellow card. The talk talk phone card and start talking more for a lot less. This is five 60. You. Yeah. Welcome to International Airport. Please, no pardon. You all remember make it. There's no you're drawing. There's like a dog. This isn't it. It sounds nice. It's me, the voice of council slides everywhere. Say that's on the mirror. He's using next tell direct connect. A digital tourway radio feature on their motor level. It's like a council and he's already got a backup land and meeting rescheduled. In some goddad, incidenters, no phone bag. We've got no phone dialed in. It did well. That is bad to see. She has a warrant. Harry has something to tell you about the numbers on the report. She sees. She sees. She sees. She's. She's. She's. She's. Next tell. How business gets done. Show your slide. But instant answers are critical. People who make it happen rely on next to kind of before February 29 to get free incoming sailor calls to the end of 2000 extra. How business gets done. Call 1-800-Next tell. Now, don't find motor world only available on selected rate plan. Repair's new activation. At Captain Noes the Skore. Learning a hand. Some of last K&M. We guys. Only on Sports Radio 5-16. Q-A-L. It's safe. It's my early child. Here. I'm five. We go. W-U-A. My old George Jr. Nice to be out here fishing with you. Looks like you pretty much got the election line. I got an answer. How to do it. Oh, hey, Dad. It was easy. I just wasn't a live bus. The one who used to be my advisor. That's right, Daddy. Stay warm. What they tell you to do, George. Dad. Ben. They said, read my lips. Drink. Bushlight. Bushlight? Uh-huh. It has all the names for it. And I'm a good family name without any of that. I don't want it specific content or substantive inside of my vision for the nation. That boy, you're going to make a finalist at Cabin at Manning. I'm looking for popularity without having to actually express any real political agenda. Want to win at all without ever actually saying what you're thinking? Try Bushlight. Just a few stamps. And I find I'm not bothered with thinking at all. Bushlight. Almost looks like the original. But it's not. Avalee, that's the most important aspect of a good foreign policy. It's being able to have a policy regarding foreign affairs. Thank you. Thank you. And thank you, Bushlight. Bushlight. But they can't, they do has it all. And did nothing to get there. Okay. It's just, well, I wish you were a rough 18 to one at 26 to 17 QM. By the way, it's so my good, cos friend Mark, what's his name? Vandermeer Vanderpool. We got that does the hurt cleanser sports on the station. I don't know how they would Peter Lund. He has a good job. He's very good. And he said to me, all right, okay. In blow. Didn't take him long to figure it out. Okay, where are we going? We're going to the Grove. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Good afternoon to you. And back to you. I'm in a little pasta here, so I'm going to have to give it up. Oh God, no, take for us. You need your pasta. I haven't had my sublet out the bread from Atlanta City, Shubs. Oh, I think I got the better of that one. Okay. Oh, he's a good. What disturbs me the most of most of your callers, and your anger, is that they're really not directed at the protesters. They're really directed at Cubans in general. Why would you say that? Because the protests are such a minor thing. It has been a couple of streets that have been blocked out by a couple hundred people. And most people are bright enough to recognize that that's just an aberration. Well, wait a minute. Wait a minute. Downtown, this game at the Port of Miami was blocked off. It was backed up for hours yesterday. And all the truckers who were trying to deliver their goods to the Port of Miami were backed up for miles because of what was going on until Metro went in there and started dispersing the crowd and arresting people. You know that? Oh, okay. Let me ask you a little bit. It's not like it was some little sites where people decided to hold a little protest in the street. Well, do you think most of your callers' anger is directed at the protest? Or at the protest? I don't guess. I don't know. I know there are a lot of people out there who don't like Cubans in general. And just he's on an opportunity like this. Exactly. You were spread, you know, to vet. And you know, the people talking about the red car and where we're going to have to see. Yeah, I mean, I know where those people are coming from. I've never had one of you. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. But you do have to understand that every time we have something like this happen, and every time the media plays it up hysterically like it is yesterday, it only magnifies that anger and that resentment because it's a very, at least stereotype. But it shouldn't be there to begin with. The anger and the resentment. It shouldn't be there. So I'm getting away. Well, how about anger and resentment against black people against gay people? I mean, people have their prejudices. I hate the break to lose you. And then just like that one guy that wanted to launch into a whole tire rate about people adults be kingish. I mean, this is not something that just happened with Alien Gonzalez. This has been going on for 40 years. Have you ever had, have you ever had one angle call or say anything positive about the Cuban migration into my anti one positive thing? I don't know. I've been on the year for 24 years. I don't remember. Well, since you've been well since you came back. Since I came back. Yeah. Have you ever had one angle call or say anything positive about the Cuban migration into South Florida? I don't know. Well, that means the answer is no. But what kind of a topic is that? How about if we ever had any Anglo-Colors say good things about the Chinese who came and built Chinese restaurant? I mean, what does that mean? Is that a thought? I don't know about Chinese. I don't know. We don't have any Chinese population. We don't have a lot of Chinese restaurants. So, why do we always? We're out there. Why is the topic of conversation? Or is something negative about the topic? No, no, no, no. Wait, wait, wait. I don't put the onus on the rest of the population. They're the after ones who are out there in the streets. I mean, if there's making any sense. That's like saying, how come we all talk about the dogs that didn't get lost? I understand that. And you're right. What I'm saying is that I don't think the angles direct as to so much as the problem. Yeah, but you're in your, you're in your, you're in your, you're in the story. You're in your generalizing, just as much as the people you're putting the finger at. You're generalizing that all of us who are upset by what went on yesterday are generalizing all the Cubans. And I don't believe that some are. I'm not most of your call is I didn't say all of them. I don't know. I have no idea. I'm reading an article right now here on how successful Cubans are in this country, more so than even the average white American. Why isn't that ever addressed by any of your Anglo-collars? So, so what are we supposed to do about that? Have I talked on this show about the fact that Cubans generally speak in our, well, educated and, uh, hazlo. What? What, what are my supposed to do? Make a topic about that, everything with that makes you feel better. Maybe for about 15 minutes and to say what? Do a, to address, hey, here are the, some of the positive contributions of Cubans have done here for four years. That's what you called it on this show. You know that, that's not the kind of thing you talk about on a talk show. Here's the positive things that blacks have done in this community. And what, what is that? Well, I don't know. Maybe you should try it out. Maybe you'll get even better rated. Okay, have a great day. Okay. Maybe I'll get even better rated. See, I'm not a panderouser. I come here, I express my points of view. I listen to you for a very likely period of time there. I don't need anybody to tell me how to do the show or what to say. Talking about how successful Cubans have been in this country is not a topic on a talk show. I just don't get it. And not only that, but how many of those kinds of programs do we have? Didn't we just have a couple of weeks ago, Haraldo had that show about not just Cubans, but about Hispanics in America? Do you remember that show? Yeah, turn it off. Okay, but I'm just telling you, there was, thought that it is there, but it's just not the kind of thing we talk about in this show. It's boring. Exactly. Let's talk about the great contributions of the Polish people in this country. How about all the Jewish people, the ones that don't have the big noses? I mean, what do you, oh, by the way, speaking of that? I almost forgot the best piece in those from this week. Monica, let's get you. Lots and lots and lots and lots of stations are refusing to carry those Jenny Craig and as a result, they're running old ads now to try to save a dying ship, Jenny Craig. Because they're getting too many complaints about that fat bitch. I mean, they must have really been desperate. They must have been on their last dying gas bligs, Jenny Craig. To get that fat bitch. And talk about a brilliant move, talk about shooting yourself and I'm sorry. I'm just a basulto. Talk about, oh, that's right. I'm sorry. It's the Aldo 66 people. And that diet. I get all those diets confused. I just don't understand this guy. I mean, people are people. And in this business about, wow, we got to suck up the humans and we got to suck up the, how about let's talk about the Puerto Ricans? We'll get George pissed up. All the great Puerto Ricans, I can't think of anybody but there must be some. For all though, you just mentioned it. He's Jewish. Also Puerto Ricans. Half and half. He's half and half. So you can see he's Puerto Ricans. I'll say he's Jewish. But who wants him anyways? Anybody want to take credit for him? No. Go home. He's yesterday's news. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to clarify three points on all these colors. A continuum making a big deal about the Cuban demonstration. Uh-huh. First of all, your drug drivers that, you know, it's such a chain that they, they're three word bloodthirsty. Now, when they went to watching the BBC, I'm brought up the whole city because they go Jimmy Hoffa was invited by Robert S. Kennedy. Yeah. That was okay. That's going to be when I was in Vietnam, all these white dry, some black were burning. I'm already come flat. Uh-huh. I didn't think about it. I was coming this year. That was what you're saying. All the companies like Jane Fonda, that don't find it. I was going to call you all like Jane Fonda. Okay, listen, sir. You're old and so is your song. You're very, very old and so is your tired old song. It's big enough yet now. I was thinking about that driving to work this morning. I wonder how about if Joan Bayes came to tell you to do a concert here and sing some anti-Avietna, more or a song. Comey bitch, yeah, right. Comey, comey, comey, comey, comey, is the coming is the bitch. Don't feed me a song and a dance to and talk about white trash and black trash. You're a professional, fricking ethnic asshole. I think I'm done. Well, I thought maybe there was another word that's not was there, in other words. No, that was enough. Professional ethnic. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't, see, this is what it degenerates into. I have no use for that. Just like they got to call two calls ago. I don't care about Cubans. I don't care about Puerto Rican. I don't care about Sparks. I don't care about Jews. I don't care about Facts. People are people. Periods. That's my operate on this show because that's my operate in my life. I don't care. And if some of you assholes will get out of town a little bit and travel a war like I had nothing. I've been all over the world, but I've been in one of the different places to understand what the world is all about. You would discover that. Then no matter where you go, there are wonderful people. There are scumbag people. There are kind of like nine described in the middle people who are me, a meaningless to you. That's the, that's life. And I get just worn out to the point of a, to a phrasal to the point of exhaustion from listening to these people that are God damn professional ethnic crap. God makes me nauseous. It's basically one of vomit and even though it's a great lunch. So better not give it a back at you, not yet. Right on the edge of puking my guts out. Listening to all this crap. I don't give a flying crap about the Cuban people and the goddamn people from my people that could do many Ghana and the Haitian people. People are people, okay. On we've accomplished there. Some of the accomplished that and I got news for you. Okay. The only reason anybody accomplish is something is because they have the opportunity to accomplish it. So don't slack us in the face by telling us, oh, well, we made my enemy. We're going to destroy it. That's not the kind of message that anybody wants to get. That doesn't send a message to me of great gratitude for having the opportunity to make whatever it is you made in your success. In fact, if it's so easy to do it, if you didn't need anybody to give you the opportunity, get on the goddamn banana, vote and go back there and see how much success you build. We'll watch. We'll send our reporters over there. Believe it, send Rick Sanchez to the squad over your ass. Maybe run you over. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. In fact, that's a good idea. Let's have Rick Sanchez ride down the middle of the crowd. I'm sorry. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Neil? Yes. Oh, that was him in the red car. Oh, Jesus. Love your show. He's a time call. I love time, Louis. Okay. That was Rick Sanchez in that same red car. Well, he was in a hurry. I had to get back to Channel 7 to Hyperventilate some more. That's all on the other night. I think that the, they answered a previous caller, there are a lot of very positive things that have happened with the influx of people from all over the world and all over the United States. And a lot of negative things, yes. And not, yes, but I think that they have refueled and re-ignited some of the competitive spirit that Miami might not have had in the early 60s. When I came down here, it was not the town that it is today. And for the most part, I believe it's a better city. Hi, I don't. Hi, don't. Everything. I don't. I came here in 1976. This town is a toilet compared to what it was when I came here. Well, I'm sorry you feel okay. I'm not. It's not the available. It is. Okay. Okay. I think I came here. Dave County was a nice place. And I'm not talking about because of Cubans or this one or that one. I'm just telling you, this is what he bought. Has he bought? Dave County has become a festering toilet. No, you can laugh all you want. I hear you. I used to live in the Twin Lakes, Lakes Rackon Club, you know what that is? 151 in the 441? Yes, I do. Okay. And that was a very nice neighborhood when I lived there. It's a toilet now. Well, I see a lot of poverty. Do you disagree with me? Is that a nice neighborhood? No, it's not. Oh, no, no. But I think there are areas that have have gained an area that have lost. Miami Beach is much better today than it was years ago. No, you know, you're absolutely wrong. Sir, you're talking about 10 blocks of South Beach with the Art Deco hotels and all the goddamn steroid induced plastic people. Miami Beach is not better off. How about the north? How about between the fountain blue and say South Beach? Is that better off than it was 10, 15, 20 years ago? Oh, probably not, but I think the redistribution of the wealth is moved around a little bit. And I think it's far from done. Well, what is redistribution of wealth at home? Who's got the wealth? You're talking about Madonna and sliced along all these plastic scumbags celebrities. Is that where the wealth all went? What would it that mean? I think they're spending some of us there and there. But oh, God, I love your show deal. How about you? Okay. Thank you. Okay, well, he's happy. I'm not saying I'm unhappy, but to try to say that things are better now than they were here 20 years ago. And maybe when he came here in a 60, he's been here a lot longer than I have. All I can judge is based on the 24 years that I've lived here. And for anybody to tell me that big county is better shaped now than it was 24 years ago. All I can say is, yeah, right. Give me a break. Anybody who doesn't think that the burial bullet was tremendously detrimental to my mubitch and other parts of this town also was living in a dream world. That would be said like the riots in 67 in Detroit were helpful to the community. Here we are 33 years later in the next supposed century. And you can drive back on eight mile road and several other places I could tell you in Detroit. And you're still fine. The same places boarded up, closed up, locked off, sitting there, closed for 33 years. And here's the right. Because of the riots and that wasn't humans by the way. That was people crazy, bill a burn and down their own city. I mean, try to be a little bit objective about there. There's nothing wrong with being honest. You can try to sugarcoil life of that makes you feel better. But please don't tell me that this, the date county is on that zone. And the move it's on the upswing it's a, yeah, right. Huh. So is the bowery. It's come a long way since Rudy got in there. Oh yeah, he's cleaning up that bowery. Is that any? No. Yeah. 1256 in 560 WQM like all. The sports leader. Wait. Sports radio 560. QAF. Oh. Oh. For the fun to do how it wipes. economist may be masked films mail debut kids and b dogs Did you drop the sandwich? Yeah. Ah, geez. God, damn it. Sorry, I'll play some music. No, I'll play some music. No! No! No! No! No! No! Oh, I knew it! Oh, I knew it! No! Don't worry about it. Okay, I'll talk to you about what? Nice talk up. Well, there's more sandwich. What am I going to eat that off the floor? Jesus Christ, the floor right under where I'm sitting here. We're farting and belching and puking all these last, almost a year now. By the way, we've been up here in a studio. It's almost a year. Can we go close? Are we getting close to finishing here on the third floor? No! No! Got some lovely paint on those doors, though. Man, am I impressed? Wow. This thing is really humbling along. Can you hear it, humming? Here's Carl Spray. Can you tell us? Will? Yes, sir. How are you doing, Neil? Okay. I'm trying to show a little late man. I don't know if you're very spoke about this. But the last night at an ABC, they had scheduled a program called Cuba. Cuba in my heart. Yes, somebody mentioned it. Oh, they did mention it, Ray. Okay, well then, how about those L.A. King fans? Aren't they the worst or what? What did they do? Oh, man. Did they bother in the bench? Did they throw things at the Murray? They stopped to give you the city game? No. Better go? No. They had it. That's my bedtime. They're coming with the essays from the barrier. Yeah, they won, but they won the game. And they won the game, yeah. Well, the sad part of the girls team has a how long since the King's won a game. It's been a lot about five years since they won a game. They were a stick in the joint. The last nine games, and they never win. And if you really look good, I don't know where I think the speed, the speed skaters will hope in the pop-up back. I'm pretty sure that's what it was. Okay, have a great day. What does he do? Anybody's talking about? No. Okay, five, six, seven, five, six, six, six. The pop-five, six, the only 18, the world's one. Oh, he must be talking about the Panthers. Remember then? Oh, I don't remember that. Are they still playing? I'm still in the league? I don't know. Yeah, you guys are with Sports Channel and with the organization. You better start getting your piece and cues a little straight now because you missed two of the great games at a whole season. Back to back. And the crappy schedule. I mean, this team doesn't play another home game for the next 700 years. I don't think. And not only that, but, you know, you can't pound that by the time that those West Coast games are on. And it's pretty damn hard to keep into maintain any goddamn interest to keep it up. You know what I'm saying? What's that pop-aligned under the one in here where he says it hurts when he, what does he say? It hurts now. What is it under? Who? Huh? What pop-aligned brewery line where he says it hurts when I touch it? It's not underpvel. No, it's not underpvel. Are you crazy? I'll find it. See now, it's kind of like a mood point. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six on the AT&T line. Here's Holly, what, hello. Hey, how you doing, Neil? Okay. I just got a question in the comment for you. I was just wondering if you heard about the Seethal Collins thing but his attorney dropped in the case, possibly because they're thinking that he had an affair with the person who he broke in the apartment with. Is attorney a sticking of dropping the case? Yes. What you're trying to say is attorney wants the case to be dropped. Is that what you're saying? Yes, I do. Yeah. I was going to hear that. It was just on the news, second and second. It was on the news that as attorney is saying that and the meantime, they interviewed about a half a dozen or more of the Adolfing players out there and they also said that they didn't know her and they didn't have anything to do with her and that this is all about your craft. In addition, let me ask you something. If you're having an affair with somebody, you take the screen off their window and break in at five, three in the morning. In addition, which he already confessed two days ago. I agree with you. I'm sure that I'm sure that I know that. So Fred had died who said the other day that he never defended Adolfing who lost. It just grasping for straws. I agree with you. I'm sure that I know somebody on his station will agree. I agree with you. I'm saying I don't want to make a name. And how do you think? I agree with you. Yes. I did have one for common. Let's say no much as humans in hand. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pom, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Yeah, I mean, if you're having like a sexually liaison with somebody else, I mean, don't you generally, if you want to hook up with them after a night out of drinking, you'll take the screen off their window and you're bust in the window and then when a husband starts to run out to door, screaming like crazy, screaming and beating. Treating feet don't feel me now and stuff like that. But always turn the tables into the woman. She is a slut. She is the horror. She is the lose woman. She's a, yeah. Right. And I hate to break the news here. But if some of the people in the station before they open up a big mouth, would read the whole article in the newspapers and find out that they did interview over there. It's often capital whole bunch of different guys. And they said, you know, this woman, We had relations with it. Did he ever steal her freight train? No. now they didn't know her from a jack to a shmit. Here's my me, Legs, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Listen, everybody's forgot to make mention of the one politician that got the kid going to his school. The school board member that got caught carrying the guns through the metal detectors in the airport. Yeah. Real good guy. That's a good example. I've heard her name is doing by the way. Who? Okay. 560, 560, 560, 160, 180, and the wireless one. I wonder if his wife is still doing the lawyer thing? Yeah. He's doing hard time washing the lawyer. Here's a mobile and west palm. Hello. Mobile and west palm. Hey, Neil, away. Okay, sir. Neil, just let you know that the cubans are hiding a little demonstration in west palm Beach also. Uh-huh. Both of them? Ah, yep. Smalls about 75 people. Why the cross is free from the Palm Beach Post? Right. With his hope, he said being a cuban and disconnected the shmit out of him is what he said. He left the ammo. Don't leave the ammo out, pal. That's what M&M says. Don't leave the ammo. 567. What's that number on the out of town line? 877-875, Neil. 877-775, 6345. World them along. Singin' a song hoping for the best. We'll be at next regards tomorrow. Noon the two. With the Bacardi girls and the rum sampling and alcohol, and has their bushes new products. They keys and rumbha and severe rolling demonstrations. And lots of good stories for everybody. I think my stomach is all straight now just in time for that. What? Nothing you said rumbha. Rumbha. Yeah, everybody, yeah, yeah. Actually, that was a charge habit. Are you ready to rumbha? Is there nothing guys says? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I got a little something to say about that gentleman called up this day, counting was better off. I was born and raised here in Miami. I was raised in Carroll City. And I think somebody goes to an apology sir. I mean years and years of apology. I grew up at the town across the street from my house. And Palmano's sister was a two-lane highway with no overpasses. You drive up in Carroll City not today. And they got nothing against it. But that neighborhood is nowhere. It was the way that it was. You know what I'm trying to say. How about north Miami? How about north Miami? Anywhere anywhere. I mean, sir. I'm going to tell you that the demarcation line I'm going to say it. I've said it many times before when they closed down corkies in north Miami Beach. That was the day the date count of officially died. That was the last nail in the coffin for date count. When they closed down the corkies. You know what I'm talking about? Absolutely. I know what time each. The legendary corkies. Yes sir. There was great little potato pancakes. Yes sir. We could have a proper sign saying, date count. Let's go have a let's get a minion together and say cottage because they count. They count. They count. I mean, it's just. I just I want to go to no more and as far as you can. You don't want to go there. I don't. I just I just I'm so pissed off and fired up. But if we can just get some closure for all of this. Oh, I just. Yes. Listen. These two of them protesters that are out here on the street. I'm a salesman. I'm on the street. They're a shopping life. Every every sales. Every sale called it on me to a possibility. I'm not going to be able to put food on the table from my wife. I'm my wife from my kid. I mean, I'm not being able to pay my bills and for what the wall. The I the immigration and isolation service said, this kids going back. Yeah. Very end of conversation. That's it. Let it go. The two ones are not going to. They're not going to change the constitution. They're not going to change the laws. And they often go to hell because I'm. They could have said that they could have the same people, the same hysterical people. Just like they were doing a couple of days ago in the I. In the I.S. building. They were standing on the corner on the sidewalk. They were out of the streets. They weren't blocking off traffic. There could be thousands of people. If they felt that strongly about it, who would be standing in front of all kinds of places. If they would just stay out of the street, nobody that wants to deny them or write the demonstrator protest. But just stop there's screwing up. Everybody else's life because all it's going to do is piss people off. Not that there's a law that's going to turn them against her. What they're trying to get that you know they're trying to come up. And say, hey, look, just kid doesn't need to go back. I mean, I know what I want this kid to go back now because these people. They they turn me against. Yeah. They're doing more they're doing more harm. They're trying public opinion against their own cause. That's absolutely correct. And have a great face here. God bless you. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T. Why was I can't believe I dropped that piece of a sandwich. I was only like a little piece. A little teeny tiny piece in the sandwich too. Very distressing. People are starving. Don't be doing that. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, I just wanted to say that I support the protest for one. And everything. What does that mean? And if you got a sock over your phone or what? No, I don't. I'm just a man on a bad paper on. Okay. What I want to say is that you support Peppa Leco and block off traffic in the streets. I would just say, that's how they're going about the protest. But I support the protest. How they go about it. They got to do what they got to do. They got to do it. They got to do it. 5 7 more. Oh, two like you didn't have the other quarter. Fine. They got to do what they got to do. That's what the Ted Bundy said to you. You got to do what you got to do. That's what the John Wayne Gacy said. That's what Charlie Manson said. That's what Hitler said. That's what Stalin said. You got to do what you got to do. You know what I'm saying? You do what you know. Yeah. Very brilliant observations. Sir, thanks for spending the quarter for your first first Perciation's insights into this, uh, Direct, into this repetitive Direct that never ends. By the way, here's what's VanBon is playing this weekend in the airport. Here's a lady in Del Rey Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Listen, about these humans. Okay. It's has nothing to do with the kid at all. What about our nation? We need to stick up for our nation, not for this kid. Yeah. I think that the decision needs to be made in the best interest of the Americans, not the Cuban. But what is the decision happening with the interest of the Americans? I mean, is it an immigration case? No, I don't have people riding over immigration cases. I mean, they made their decision. They made their ruling. And that's it. But what I like is that the interest was made in the best interest, excuse me. The decision was made in the best interest of the people of the United States. No, it was not in the problem to have nothing to do with the people of that. It's headed to the best interest of the child. Well, nobody cares about that kid. Believe me that the government could care less about that kid. What about the kids who are right here in our own backyard? Yeah. Nobody cares about them. You know that nine or okay. Sounds like we're repeating the same thing. Oh, no. Nobody cares. And nobody will care. It's just he's a symbol. He said, he's the baby Jesus. Cut the crap. Okay. Cut the crap. And let life go on. Okay. Let liberty ring. Whatever it is said in Philadelphia before they crack the bell. And they started to become an obnoxious sports fans. See, that's one better thing. Ben Franklin would be real upset about to see the nature of those Philadelphia sports fans that he did pissed off. He probably time to go fly a kite. How are you spelling that? Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. How are you doing? Okay. My family moved here in 1964. And that guy that called earlier said South Florida is a better place. And I'd like to get my hands on someone whatever he smoke. But maybe that one he said I could say. Reason that I called up is, you know, the Cubans, I'll tell you what. I'll give him a lot of credit. No group of immigrants has ever learned how to manipulate the political system. The greater effect. How about the Sicilian? Quicker. No. Not even them. No, you're driven man. Then they come out the Irish. How about the Irish in my Boston? Never. No way. No way. But as a group. Hello. I'm listening. As a group. They're the most gutless people I've ever seen in my life. They had a problem in their country. And their solution was to haul ass as quick as they could. Okay. Thanks for rewriting history. Okay. Sir. Thank you. Oh, God. Over and over and over and randomly rewriting. Over and on and on and on and on and they did this and they did that and we don't like them and they. She said, that's what this does. If you if these people would stop doing this crap and I'm talking about the few hundred assholes if they'd stop doing it. A lot of the you know, the passage of time would eliminate a lot of this feeling. But there's never the opportunity to do that because every time you think you got a little bit of weather it's the goddamn coastgarden with the dry feet wet feet people or whether it's low spam ban or whatever it is it never stops. How many times have I told you that every two or three months we have to go through another one of these or deals because these people will not give this community a rest. And that's what a lot of that needs a rest. Ted. And not just for the day but to be you know, put away for like a month and let them see how they like it in there. Give them a pack of maybe no chain of God them give them a guayabirin. That's it. And if they're facing people have lives to live that's all I want to live their lives. And if this were some kind of a cause to live some kind of a real cause involved with some kind of real legitimate issue here maybe then people could understand hey even though we don't like having a traffic blocks we sympathize with your place they don't give a crap about this kid. You're not fooling anybody. Here's a mobile in Miami. Okay sir. You sound more like Alice when tell me every day. Yeah. You're raping and raining like a conservative mood to take your bringing out. Okay great. Five six a conservative lunatic. Huh huh. Here's another guy. Baba ba ba ba ba. Make a lot of words coming out of your mouth. Conservative lunatic. Five six seven. Five sixty. Five sixty. Five sixty on the AT&T. Where I'll slide. You don't even look up at it. Somebody can spell it for your pal. Go look up in the dictionary. See what it means. Underlined a dick part. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. Yeah. Me or Arya. Okay sir. Question the other day you were talking about the manual kidding out of handcuffs. In West Palm Beach. Yes sir. What was your take on that? I just heard by my take on that. You didn't really say what was my take on that. Please tell me. Did you read the follow up in yesterday's paper? No. Okay. Apparently what actually happened was it twice the officer has stopped over the boy. And asked him to walk his bike home. Before he actually gave the handcuffs. The kid kept taking off. That wasn't a follow up. That was an original story. There's nothing new there. There's no new information. You also read it. He also came to boy. The bicycle helmet. The kid refused to use it. Yeah. They know. So that's not the story. They took him down after they put their cops on. They took him to the police station. They gave him a bicycle helmet to try to, you know, smooth the whole thing over. Okay. That was my understanding from a police officer. I saw the news story on the news yesterday. They showed they actual helmet. They took him to the police station after the whole thing was over and done with to try to Su the mother's hysteria over this. And they gave him a helmet. And they said have a great life. And that was the end of that. And they showed the video tape 45 minutes. I mean, did you see it? I just think that of him pushing the kid back out of the ground repeatedly over and over again. Every time the kid wanted just to stand up and get shoved him back down on the ground. Let me say it again, sir. In a country where freedom means anything. You don't handcuff nine year old kids because they're driving a barina bicycle without a helmet. Well, you know, we had all the problems in this country nowadays though. And I most of them aren't caused by nine year old kids riding a bicycle without a helmet. You were long kid. I think this guy's been playing too much guy damn football with a helmet. God, give me a break. We had a lot of problems in his country. See every time we get something like this, all the assholes like this guy who want a police state who would love to support the police, they come out of the woodwork. Whatever the police do, it's okay. We don't care. I'm like I said, yesterday's a classic example. You had good police work and you had bad police work. Metro Dad's great job. Hi, Alia. Great job. It's better what that one guy said. City of Miami. Prap. Embarrassing. Here's a little Joey who's never too embarrassed. I'm just glad I don't live anywhere near any of these protests. Yeah. Did you? I don't know if you've ever been told you. Did you? Like the last two days they've been asking these leaders. They asking direct question. What do you think about the negative effects that all these protests are going to have on these people? They can't come up with a straight answer. And then they get this guy. They don't care. They don't give a crap. The answer he gave was, I'm not, I may not be quoting directly, but I mean he said, we've suffered for 40 years and they have to learn to suffer with us. Is what he said on TV. What kind of BSN? Well, what is it that they've suffered? What are they suffering from? Freedom? What are they suffering from? They don't need to be. They still don't have an answer to why they're blocking suffering and that's the answer they come up with. Just like the other day, Ricky Sanchez has to have the same question to that guy. That guy, roll, sandwiches or whatever. And that guy, when I said, towel and roll. Yeah, whatever. He got a note of it. He got a note of it. He got a note of it. He got a note of it. He got a note of it. He got a note of it. He got a note of it. He got a note of it. He got a note of it. And then Ricky let him off the hook on. Well, okay, that's what Ricky is too busy. We're not about the National Council of Churches and all those companies. Isn't there? Oh my God. Exactly. In fact. Cuban American. Okay. See you. See you. See you. See you. But I'm eating. But I'm eating. But I'm eating. And you know what? In a few days, whatever it is, a few days, a couple of weeks, whatever they finally, they'll He'll either stay here or he'll go back. You're almost in either he'll stay here or probably he'll go back because I don't think they're going to change your mind. And then he'll have to go back to life. Oh, you can't say that. I just didn't get through saying that's the way it goes. But it's a baby Jesus. I mean, can't you tell him he looks just like the baby Jesus to me, don't you? Yeah. They give me some cute sandals and I'm grow little beard. Well, I guess he's too young to grow one maybe they could like tie one on. And a beard, too. It's 18 after one at 5. 60 WQM. Why? Why, do you first beard? Oh. Oh. I just need to be back in the good old days for the old part games and politicians they told me. This town was once alive. They even had three grades. There were things to do all night. It's drower than it's day. Let's be old for a clocking get at the power to relax. Oh, but broken wheels. Who just got off of the river, he'll rot your spine. This is the day that my eyes die. Everyone who thought they'd do best are the ones who brought us home and they will test through by a knee. Can you believe there was a time they had to feed those and how it is ill? I'm trying to work it out. It's a draw. But the experiment has failed. When the brain did change you down and tore the thoughts up down. They did fell over the bleach. It's the big guy who's great. I've worked the old Rogers cry. It's just a day that's why I'm alive. Why the great place to come to this is the filter being out of the room. I've worked it out with the heat. I've hurt the Rogers cry. Why the hell did the hell do you have to come out of the drain by you? 123 and 560WC, I will say this. We do have a world class hand grenade in the overhead to the airport. I'm here for that. All right. Moving right along, singin' a song. Oh, geez. We got to just get this over with. It turns my stomach. In fact, I think that some of those stool specimens may be a little bit twisted. Here's what's Palm Beach, hello. How's it going Neil? Great. Look, my problem is this. What is your problem, sir? All right. The question is that the INS asked that father down when they went to Havana to visit him with the same questions I was asked in court when I won custody of my son. Right. This father has a bond with that boy. And that boy should be returned to his dad. Right. Okay. Period. Another issue. The Cubans are in Cuba. And then were the words spoken by a member of the Cuban National volleyball team in LA back a few years ago when I was there. So this thing about the Cuban. Right. The Russians are in Russia and the Cuban Zer and Cuban. The Americans are in American. Absolutely correct. Very good point. Let me tell you, man. I love your sense of humor in your body. Okay. Thanks, pal. That's right. He's got an excellent point. That's one of the great lines we've ever heard of. The show. The Cuban Zer and Cuba. Right. I'm not a high fan of you. I don't want to hear no high fan of you. Okay. You cannot be a high fan of the person. Irish American, a tiny American, Jewish American, African American, and a North Pole American. I'm a human American. Oh, no. I'm not so sure about that. You can look here either way now. Are you in the American? In fact, let's see those human horrors at next tomorrow. I got some good stuff in there. Are you in the horse? Five six. What is it? Seven eight five sixty three forty five on the other term line. See even I don't know that number and I never will. I know if I don't look at the thing. I don't know what that number is. Eight seven seven seven seven eight five Neil any I. I still don't know it. I don't want to know it. Here's a lady in high alleys. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Okay. You seem to have an opinion about the little boy. Well, doesn't everybody? Yeah. Okay, but I don't like the opinions that you're giving. Oh, I see. I just want to say that that is that if you are Cuban you would understand how everything is right and what. I want to understand why people want to go and block the traffic in the street. I want to block the traffic because we have a word in it also. They want to send them back because nobody has put up that it's kid and we're arguing that we're Cubans and that we could have a word in it. Well, let me when you say we how about the 99% of the Cubans who are not out there in the streets. They're not out in their streets, but they're looking at the news and they're going and they have to go to their things, but they also have a lot of money. Well, let me ask you last time. What about last night? What are those people working with their jobs last night? I don't think so. All right. And most of them are out there. No, they were not there. And they were not, they were not out there. They were a handful of people. There were a few dozen people in this class. All right. But a few dozen people. They're protesting because of the fact that we have a word in it too. That little boy's mother died. Yeah. Okay. I have a great day, man. I'm not interested in arguing about the little boy. Okay. Like I said, if he stays here, five if he goes back, he's not an excuse and placed up using and manipulating that kid for your own self His purposes and placed up setting yourself up as a spokesperson for the Cuban community. Because you're full of crap. You're full of bullshit. God. You know who that was by the way? Do you know who that was? See, you're a little slow today, George. That's just something familiar. I'll tell you what she was when I'm. I know what she was. Here you go. Okay. I'm talking on your sports department. I heard him the other day talking about the legal that they're getting now to play the game. And you know, it's very clear that he's talking about the Cuban. There you go. That's her. One note Charlie. Thanks for having still listened. By the way, the thing you robbed your show on five sixty wq a.m. The highly rated new robbed your show. Thank you, man. And you're full of crap. You were full of crap when you did the voice mail. Months and months and months ago last year whenever was. And you're still full of crap. Stop trying to justify behavior that's unacceptable. Okay. We're not going to sit and tolerate people disrupting the entire community because they cannot get their way. Period. End of discussion. That is it. See ya. I have a nice weekend. 2 a.m. Drops the green flag with motorsport Saturday. Okay. The morning's at six with Chocestello right here on Sports Radio 5. At 16. Q. 2 a.m. And hold it. You've heard him squeak. You've heard him say. Now the Farat Talks dirty on a crystal clear digital recording that can now be yours. Listen to the dirty talk. Picture what he's doing to you. Let his words work their matches. It's the Farat Talks dirty. You're so critical. You have to hear him. I have a critical. A available now for 69.95. Order today. I like it. I like it. Okay. If you're not disappointed with all the crap that's going on here with all this professional Anthony crap late in here this Jesse Jackson civil rights group is pissed off and fired up over what over the firing of Ray Rhodes. Contending the Greenbake Packers coach was held a while higher standard than white coaches. How do you like that? Not that Jesse Jackson is a professional sparse by any means, but Charles Ferrell who promotes sports opportunities for minorities for the rainbow push coalition said he planned to send a letter to the team. I like that. Just like that letter we got from the Catholic League in New York. Are we pissed off about that and fired up? Wow. Ferrell said the coalition also wants to be with NFL commissioner Paul Tanya, Blue Blue to discuss the firing. And the fact that only two black head coaches are made in the NFL. So the fact that they had a disaster season. The fact that he evidently according to most experts is a real marginal crappy coach. That shouldn't count the fact that he's black. Let's keep him in there. Oh. What a white coach of an dismissal with an eight-nade record Ferrell said Friday from his New York office. Why have a coach for four years and then this miss after one? Packer spokeswoman Paul Martin said Friday. She couldn't immediately respond to the coalition's comments. You do not be immediately responding. Rhodes was dismissed after the Packer six year playoff run and it also dismissed where two black assistant coaches offensive coordinator Sherman Lewis and offensive coordinator Emma Emma Thomas. It's heavy in terms of losing a head black coach and side tracking ahead. What is it side tracking head coaching aspiration to additional coaches? Ferrell said. How do you like that? Not that they're playing the race card you understand. But he must have been picked upon because of the fact that he's black. I am so you know something Jesse Jackson I'm surprised that he's not here. Mark is in the street to the protest. I guess he's too busy worrying about Ray Rhodes. You know who you ought to worry about? You ought to be worried about Randy Rhodes. Because I heard a rumor yesterday that queer channels took her and who's the asshole. A cool jack cool cool cool and put him on some like marginal 10-months. They stepped there in Palm Beach. Then nobody can hear anywhere. That's the rumor I'm here. Now you're going to be talking to Brad and no more sweetheart. So what's the health? What is software going to do now? They're going to have a jap attack and no more japs on you. Obviously that's a hunchback of radio is getting her. Having an operation on her back and her arbitron ratings. What's the health going to happen down there? You need to play. I guess I'll just play that every day for 30 seconds. What give you a pre-enounce time and I'll just play. Hey, hey! Hey, hey! Every day they're going to pacify that void in your life. Well that's pretty bad news, heavy duty. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Niel. Yes man. Listen to this how bold this. I subscribe to the harrel that gave my paper today. Open it up and there's a postcard in it with Ilion's face. And it's addressed to the Honomal Bill and Hillary Clinton. It's in the paper? It's in the paper. Wasn't it my paper thank God? I'm not ready to call it. I wish I can. Focus. Thanks Niel. Okay. How do you like that? Paper by who? She didn't say. Paper by the who? Honomal people by the guess who I thought they were Canadian. Huh? I don't know who cares. I mean is that surprised anybody in this town? Oh, of course not. In fact I'm surprised that the old editor I'm surprised Tom Fieler was there in his yellow house. It's not about there in the middle of the protest march blocking the street yesterday. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, p, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Niel. How are we going? Three. Listen. I was able to show. Once more like a chance. I'm just comment was a little bit of a garage set of a wall ago. The girl and you know how people call in and you can criticize. But you talk about the past, about Cuba and the history and all that. You basically don't really understand what the problem is in Cuba because you talk about if you can just let it go and water into the bridge. You can't just do that because you're a lot of people suffering. There are a lot of people suffering all over the world. There are people living under totalitarian rule in hundreds of countries all over the world. And I can't spend the rest of my life worrying about that. I live here. I'm worried about the injustices here. You have to watch the family, you have to do that. Family, who have a family of those such people. Do you have some things there? There are people from Arab from China, whoever else lives in China. There are people who are people who are people who are such. What is that? That's the beauty of what this country is. That's the culture. Let me say it to you. It's a culture. It's a culture. The problem is that I'm not going to listen to some shouting asshole. Okay, sir. Protesting is one thing blocking off the street, disrupting the airport, screwing up the community for everybody else for law-abiding citizen. It's got nothing to do with the American way. And like I said before, listening to a bunch of an animal, people making up their version of libertad, it makes me want to barf. Don't be screaming in the island that me libertad when you don't know what it means. Please. And I do not see is to dislike the Jesse Jackson thing. I just got through reading. It's unacceptable being a professional ethic is unacceptable. And in the meantime, if you got relatives over there, keep sneaking the money and whatever you do it over there like you have been doing for the last 40 years and life will go on and they'll do the best they can. That's the way the world works. But don't try to burden all the rest of us here who aren't interested in that. We don't care. I have relatives in Russia and in Poland who knows where to help they came from and Germany. I don't care. I'm interested. Swallow over the bridge. Just like the people who want to keep going back and visiting the concentration camps all I can say is why. And that's my, you know, why. Yeah. What kind of a location is that? What kind of a trip is that? Does it make you feel better? Does it cleanse your soul? Like we didn't have it already seen the documentary pictures eight million times. Those gruesome pictures of them shoveling the skeletons into the goddamn grud. And we all seen those 50 million times. So what's the point? How about being like productive worthwhile living and breathing and stuff wallowing in the past and all these injustices and all of it, you know, life has to go on, life is for the living and breathing. And if you got an asked to grind, take whatever legal message you've got to correct those, but not illegal, not messing up life for everybody else and not constantly threatening and threatening and threatening. If we don't get our way, we're going to take our goddamn marbles out in the street. Not it's not acceptable. Surperious. How many times do I have to say that to you? And of course, when you're rude and obnoxious, just like you were on a phone with your wouldn't have a conversation, what's to be expected? And you see the way these people were in the streets when a police, you know, came back and the police weren't hatchling anybody until those people refused to, you know, get off the goddamn street. And let me say it again for the eight minute of time. Nice going Metro Day. Oh, nice going boys. Girls. Or whatever they are. Here's a mobile and for waterdale. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, how's it going? Okay. I just wanted to say nice day to you. And I do agree with your views on the, I, the kids should go back because it is his father. I don't agree with the way that they're going about it. There's far ahead is blocking off street. And all I got to say is if I was down in Miami and I was in a work truck, okay, block the street. Okay, great. Here's a mobile and bokeh. Hello. And the others ago. Okay. I got a couple of things for you. Yes, sir. First of all, the protein. What's that little alien you had in the back there a squealing frame? Oh, that's a good thing. That's a good thing. That's a good thing. I'm a gas station. If that's the baby Jesus. Now I'm going to do it. Yes, in twice for no. Let me have a hand. Yeah. Little polls at that channel seven was doing. Yeah. I think I said it's very possible that it's just maybe the only people carried enough to pay 50 cents to tell channel seven what they thought. What the people who actually thought that they really have to pay. Yeah, but it's interesting. The channel four pull was absolutely. I mean, it was 62 to 38% against 62% in favor of sending alien back to Cuba and channel seven is the only one for some reason. I guess that must be the one that a lot of the who do those are watching and calling over and over and over and over again. I must over and over and over again. You're just a watch channel four. Exactly. I think we should just trade them for a couple of walks of the cigars and send them down his way away. Everybody gets something out of it. There you go. Let's feel that. Everybody. Eight seven seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five is our number on the other town line. Do you remember that number? Neil by any chance. No eight seven seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five. Here's my me, Joe. Yes, sir. Hey, good. Oh, yeah. There's Cuban. I was born here. Kind of disgusted with West. Oh, yes, today. It's the United States needed an animal and served the two here in the county. Mm-hmm. It's full of shit. Right. You know what I'm saying? Yes, I do. And as far as the Leonardo Ross late in those, I was watching yesterday on a television. I don't know what he just said. I don't know what he just said. That's why I don't have no idea. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line. Did we miss anything good there? No. I've done it. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, I did talk about Jimmy Davis. Yeah. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Hey, I'm a, hey, I'm a, I'm sorry. Five six seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 and the wireless line. Every time I think of that, well, why is it that they say that? I mean, they, you know, then, you know, I'm talking about them. Oh, oh. Hey, I'm a, maybe Hank can answer that question. Oh, I think it's busy. I found out about Cecil and his affair with that woman. I think. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm a book. You were that so funny. Hey, listen, I called yesterday to the court. Yeah. You sound like one of those cronics today. Not like, they're, they're like one of the cronics, the new. Yeah, man. I call it cronics. Well, there you are. Five six, seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty on it. It seems starting to get really good now because we've had so many who they're discussing these days, the latest couple of days. They're becoming a who they all voice expert. Yeah, you can tell the difference now. Exactly. This one sounds like you're a grandmother. Come on, come on. Come on, be see me. Here's the four-laterdale. Hello. Hi, man. Yes, sir. I'm glad to see Miami police. Can't hear your sir. Okay. I'm glad that he, I'm glad that there's a guy. Yeah, that's good. I'm glad that the Miami police kind of did something because if we were black people out there, we'd have been some heads busted, okay. And the queue was out of the kitchen America's ass. The black one. Yeah, yeah. Because if they want to go over there free day of country. Well, thank you. Thank you. Nineteen before two or five sixty wql. I just, you know, somebody's calls have to be very short because we've already heard that fifty five million times. I don't want to waste my time with that talk anymore, okay? Too much cocka, you know what? Yeah, not good for you. Are you done with that by the way, the uh, with the cocka? Yeah. Peter Clayton said too much cocka is good for you. What is it? Of course, what happened to him? Are you sampling sampling what? Of cocka? Oh, no, I'm not. I have one more day of, but I'm not sampling. I have to provide samples. Specimens. Schmering on that little thing. Oh, we were talking before the shortest morning towards the night about those glorious days. Many years ago I shouldn't have said glory. Those wonderful days. And we, who was it with the old channel forward to now channel six? They did the thing with the home colon colon cancer test. Where you're smear a little on a car near you've nailed it to channel four. And I remember, I'll never forget it was on I, I'll never forget the day that the story came on about the postmen were smoothing from the people who would like package to loosely or who had gone to loose or to loose led records or whatever that thing was. Yeah, rocka. Yeah, rock, exactly. Oh, man. Don't send any crap. Talk about Schmittmail. God. I don't want to go into that. Okay, but it is very. It's not a very pleasant thing. I'll take that right now to have to dig all these little samples and put them in tubes and Schmere. I mean, come on. And I don't think that they really do any test on those when you bring them in. I think that they did it with it. You know, I think that they're, they're in the, they know they're Schmitt. They write on the wall with it. Is that what they do? Seventeen. That's not what Peter Clayton said they did with it. Of course he died, you know, he died. He was a restaurant critic Peter Clayton. I ever tell a story about the time the bill called and I were, I don't want to force to. He brought in those things for us that looked like big gigantic. You, turned. Yeah. And we just couldn't keep a straight push. In fact, that was laughing so hard. I was standing up against the wall in the studio rocking with laughter, just holding myself up against the wall, almost peeing in my pants. And there was poor Bill on the ear. I think that's what put him over the edge. Peter Clayton. He was a real connoisseur. He knew Schmitt. Schenthuffle. Seventeen. Four, two, five. That was his favorite musician by the way, Schenthes. It's radio five, sixty, two, eight. It's Friday, you best, Bill. Yeah. I hear too many, the cat's over there. I know one ever, Dean. For anyone, I have a date. I'm going to take hold in their life, Mrs. Schenth. I will travel across the way. Speaking of a sketch, you can talk to my dear. That's going to give you the dress-like girl. Let's see who they learned to be. They'll be there. And get really gentle, just like the, and try to see our tires, the age. Catholic, for your last stage is one way, much deeper. Be the wood I shade to you. That's my very gentle, judge rule, or I'll live my dress and shade be the cup. Oh, oh, be the man. You just go get me some. That's my re-grainable home. Okay, it's 1, 47 at 5, 60. He's got the big ones, boy, the Pope. Make no mistake about that. That's what the Swiss cards say anyway. Where are we going? I've paid you one thing. We've been smoking here today. And we'll be smoking a next tomorrow by the way from noon to two. It's a really good stuff. And maybe some cigars too. Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Good afternoon, sir. I just want to make a couple of quick comments. Yes, sir. Because this is all been talked to death. But what instances me probably the most is, what is your question? What instances you probably the most? When it senses me, probably the most. Yes. It is the fact that, and I think you touched on it several times before, using the word liver Todd, get the right. When you see these people, wave in a Cuban flag, screaming and yelling and bitching and moaning about a child who was racially going back to his parents. Right. Why don't we turn the clock back into and say this? This is a child who was going back to his father, where at least the child can be raised. Forget the environment. Forget the end. It's a difficult time. You need to environment. But Franklin Roosevelt turned back a boat called the St. Louis. Yeah. If you remember that. Wait a minute. We don't have to go that far back. Let's go back to 1980. Okay. The Mary Alboa left. Right. And the same people and their relatives who are doing all the screaming now, the same people who are obsessed. They would have won the ones that are screaming so much against Castro now. They were the ones who were yelling in favor of the Mary Alboa left from a very selfish standpoint because their relatives were coming in. But the meantime, Castro was making fools out of us by setting all of his mental patients and his hardened criminals over here. And as a result, this town turned into a toilet for a couple of years. And we had shootings and rampant crepts. This town was like a slaughterhouse for years because those people demanded that those people all be allowed to come in. So it when it's convenient when there's a convenient old Fidel is evil and isn't it? But when Fidel wants to send over, all his goddamn worse slime over here. That's okay because we want our relatives to come over here. It's strictly selfish. It's us, us, us, us. Me, me, me. And those people can drop dead. Amen. Amen. All in. God bless you. Now, seriously, it's just a few hundred asshole. That's all. I don't forget that quickly was 20 years ago. And anybody who, oh, Libra thought, yeah, but there's speak out against the Mary Alboa lived in that kind of immigration non-policy that turned his town into a toilet into a nightmare. Oh, God forbid, you should actually have the hoods, but it give a different put of a, yeah, Libra taught for everybody who says things that are okay with us. It's never been any different. It'll ever be the same with that element of nutcases in this town. Well, guess what, that ain't what liberty is all about. Here's plantation. Hello. I know, I know. Okay, sir. I want to talk about the thing that you said with the coach that got fired. Remwrote that. Right. He was a packer by the way. In a similar story, I read today, and it is, say, but that they wanted to raise the score and Florida for passing the bar exams. Right. Now, forget the fact that raising the score is going to give us better lawyers, but the protest against that if you raise the score five percent by points that they wanted to raise it, that it was going to make it more difficult for the blacks and the Hispanics to become lawyers. And that's why they say they're doing it. Yeah, courts can say, somebody just backed me. That's the record to consider raising the bar score for the first time in early 20 years. Florida Supreme Court will consider raising the passing score in a bar exam. However, however, the minorities right away, but I've eat, but I'll put about our all upset because they're not going to be able to cut the cheese. Exactly. Forget the fact that we're just going to have the best lawyers in the house. I mean, how would they feel if those were the way the test went for your airline pilots? Well, we've got to have black people in our class are playing. Somebody is going to perform open hearts here to round the next week. Exactly. Yeah. I just thought that that's kind of an even more important message to our society than the coach being fired, but it's the same thing to think about. Yeah. Jesse's got his priorities, man. And I don't give it down, but I only want to. You can come or stay just like you said. I'm going to go on and I agree. Michael is on the very, very weak. That's right. If he stays here, I have no problem with that. I could understand it. Although, of course, in becoming quite agitated because now it would be viewed as caving in to these historical people. I'll say it again. You people have done more harm to your own cause. And even, I can't give you a number, but it's tremendous number of people who totally sympathize with your viewpoint and said, yeah, the mother of her lives and she died in the boyfriend. And he was rest due to the wrath and now he's got a chance for freedom and he's got relatives here who will love him. I can understand that. But by your behavior, if he, if they did reverse to the decision, it would again appear that they're going to be a good. It would again appear that they be caving into your obnoxious unacceptable behavior. And it would also set the person to again, so that the next time something happens, you don't like, you're going to go out there and do it again. This town isn't going to tolerate that. And the politicians and the people in law enforcement and everybody with a ball in a brain has got to say that we're not going to continue tolerating this. That every time you don't get your way, you're going to screw up life, everybody who lives here and keep threatening and threatening and threatening. No, Moss. What do you say that? Here's a mobile and money lakes to wrong line. Hello. What's up, Neil? Yes, sir. I am the American son of Cuban immigrants. Yeah. I have a bone to pick. Now with you, because you are the greatest. Not with the Cuban and now with the cops. I have a problem with the channel 7 highly of the helicopter that was over my house in Lula vanna for two hours last night. Waiting for something, keeping me up. You are a douchebag. I hate you. Die. Okay. Amen. Ever since was probably squatting over this poor guy's house in the helicopter, he was squatting on it. And he also, I hear the rumors he was driving at red car. Everybody here at that rumor. That's the rumor I'm hearing today. Here on 5.50 QA and there was a few senses speeding his way back to work at Channel 7 after stopping at the Arrepa Queen for a quick snack. You think Rick Sanchez knows the Arrepa Queen? Yeah. You know, Brian Andrews. Here's a bokeh. Hello. And Bill Kamala. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. I'm here. I'm here. Like you, sir. The talk about corrupt squatting on people's houses. Did you like this? I told you for a sitting on the house. I don't want to go to an epileptic here. We would have been begun. And I wasn't using it. We just had, you know, we said, I'm going to be done by some of the beefy gun. After you got it, I told him about it. But 45 minutes later, sooner or later, two flash bombs went off the side. We blew up and we went those and the entire squatting, the squatting. To send it on me in my backyard. Pin me down, broke my shoulder, cut my arm, I say, sir. Cough my feet, my hands. Now, did you have your barcial helmet on or not? I did have a nail done, but it was 50 feet away in the garage. Which by the way, they asked me if I had ordered and such as does that count? Anyway. Well, show, show. Maybe maybe what I've said, I must be going to start doing your little Jimmy Johnson routine, and we got to cross them out of the set of mom. We got to cross them. I got to cross them. Well, did take this when I got outside. There was every club car in Bomskwa and Fire Engine, and of course, all my neighborhood, the people videotaping night, felt about it. They took me to the hospital. That's not my charge, but I didn't even know. My criminal, no. And he took it, citation, no, you've done nothing wrong, sir. And I got it with whom? The swatty. Now, October 1st, get a copy of it. You like it. The front page, October 1st of the little of a book, we're told those probably several others. It shows these swatty. I think you talk about all the horses in my hands. Yes, sir. So he got the entire traffic. They mobilized, they treat all this money for one. And that's what they're going to put. What if you got my next one, they've just got three of them. Okay, I'll go into it again. You have any idea what he just said? Here's my me sure as hell. Hello? Yes, sir. How are you doing? I just wanted to touch on a couple of points. Not a one. I don't know. I don't know what you're saying. But I agree with most of what you say at the day, but that's I really, really agree with you. What you come is about the local media. They've given the Cuban community in the two or three hundred protests as an elevated importance. Right. Locally. They've created so much animosity here. They've continued polarizing and polarizing and polarizing and pissing people off. And what they people up into a frenzy over much is about nothing. There's been hardly anybody out there. Exactly. But you know, they've always had that ability to play the media. And it's just a portion of systems. And it's really how desperate they are today. It's so boring. There's nothing along the channel. Seven got the rockford files. Now you know it's got to be there. Yeah, sure. A lot of files. I left them downtown near the federal building about new, narrow, wild beatups that security around there. But there wasn't any one there. No. But the point I wanted to make is that I think that this might be the time that this backfire is on them. Playing the media like that. I just locally, but nationally, especially in light of what happened with the Haitian very recently. You know, if everybody being said back in there, just such a clear double stance. Right. And on the front page of the Miami-Herald, the story about the Haitian kids who was said back to Haiti while their mom is still in Miami. You want them both. Just down there in the corner. And everything else is newsworthy locally. He has just been ignored. Yeah. The other thing, there's a lot of hypocrisy here. Not just with the Haitians. But with all the free speech and right to protest issues. For them, they have those rights. But anyone else, they're going to exercise a heck of a video. Right. And they're going to attack everyone else. Yeah. Anybody that wants to perform here that isn't their company. They're going to do everything in their power to keep them from doing it. That's not liberty. Listen, I'm 45 years old. I grew up down here and spent a number of years in Tampa. I was called in 10 words a lot more here in the last eight or nine years than the rest of my life combined up to that point. And it's also very intimidating to wait to go out to people that disagree with them. And have all the compliments. You have some really bird clouds balls for handle things where you have to stay around here. Elephant tide. It's a great day, pal. Okay. You too. Okay. Let's go to Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. It's a channel 10 full also had a majority against the riots and the... Well, what was the numbers? It was in favor of ballpark in the alien. It was 70, some of percent in favor of sending him back against the riots. Yes, I think they all zeroed in for whatever reason on channel 7. Right. That rich Sanchez fixation. And I guess that was before they realized he was the guy that was driving a red car. Well, I flipped a channel 7 right afterwards and it was like 90 percent in favor of the chaos that was going on. So I kind of had to stay. Yeah. I think I think we voted 1600 times in that poll. That's part of the problem. He might have been, but the question I have is, if this is only, you know, a few hundreds of the French elements. Where, you know, I'd like to believe that, the most of it, human community doesn't agree with this. These actions. Yeah. And where are they? Why aren't they speaking out? And I don't mean calling the radio station and saying, hey, I'm Cuban too. I'm from Robert Jordan. I was telling a lot of them called the Spanish language radio and the yesterday, where we're discussing by this, which is pretty unique. That rarely happens in a town, but they were called Spanish language radio stations and talking about how you really didn't embarrass. They were and trying to separate themselves from this kind of crap. Well, they could be separate themselves and speak out where a count that's at the next election when, you know, they can't head.