What? What tell was that? It was special work. γby. Can I also have five six UWC, I'd like to point out before anything else today that all these old geezers who allegedly are so ineptant people are pointing to finger blaming a band, they've been potent for years. They're the ones that actually turn out in vote, not just in Palm Beach but everywhere. So the idea that because they're old and people in a bunch of yenses, that makes them stupid and unable to cash the vote that's a proper, I don't think so. And I've heard a lot to people and talk to lots of people under the age of 100, people under 20s and 30s who voted in Palm Beach. So that looks at that thing and I went like, yeah, TV because I'll say it again, just like five bucks, we just said I'm Fox News Network, the sample ballot and the ones in the newspaper didn't show the punch holes. Number I pointed that I yesterday so they don't show why it's confusing. In addition to which we're talking illegal ballot, I think that's really going to be the crux of the whole thing. Now the difference is only 941 votes. Gorgeous, pick it up, lots and lots of votes in the recap. There's a Zidian different things to talk about here today, we have time, I don't think so. Oh, and that's with only 32 out of the 67 counties in the state. Recounted. Now another interesting thing is that last night, Penelas County was doing a recap and they came up with Bush losing. I forgot I don't have the I got too much stuff here in front of me. It's lost about 40 votes and the, and Gorg gained about 400 and some. We can't do a difference of about 500 and then they said wait a minute, we're taking that back because there's some votes that weren't recounted in the Audi Audi Audi Audi Audi and they got to do it again and we'll get paternal was in the ball me today, which they have to seven a clock tonight to get the salt on the big count. But if you assume that Gorg is going to pick up, say even 400 more, that's just in the Audi Audi Audi. Just one out of 35 counties still ought to be recounted, which will cut down to 400 votes. And we get so much misinformation. First of all, for the guy that called yesterday, and then this is my fault for not remembering. Parents' Thomas was confirmed the Supreme Court his nomination by like 52 to 48 ethnic. We don't need two thirds of the Senate to confirm a point, a point either the adjusted Supreme Court. It's just a simple majority. That's number one. Secondly, that chronic right winger that calls us every day with his bogus, the two districts that's been telling us the expert on the absentee ballots. Maybe he was down there, sending a few thousand out because that's also a big thing here. Not just the vote and Palm Beach, but this real mystery of the absentee ballot. Which are some real great stuff written about that in the papers today. It says the Florida Department of Law Enforcement calls the absentee ballot and Florida, the tool of choice for those inclined to commit voter fraud. And like I said yesterday, first we were supposed to believe there was 250,000 absentee ballots that I was half a million and then it was like all of a sudden. Megan. I mean, something's rotten in Denmark. Also the overseas ballots, which this genius that keeps calling us with these bogus statistics, Mr. Westwood out there, tell us, oh, long he's been saying, oh, there's 30,000 of those votes of our overseas. There are two or three thousand ballots overseas. There were 23,00 to 1996 and Clinton one almost half of the might should point out. And this year, I took the 3000, they don't be exact number. And in addition to which the ballots had to be postmarked no later than Tuesday election day. But, but the fact is, many overseas votes were counted on election night because they arrived before the polls closed. In other words, who knows? Who knows? Who knows how many of them are actually still outstanding and how many will arrive by November 17 which is the deadline? Which is still eight days away. In other words, yeah. So this is the way it goes on and I'm hearing more and more people talk about the fact that there's going to be a reelection in time because it's through the poll on it today. Our poll from yesterday, do you believe the election results in Florida are honest? 1624 people are trying to run on your Rogers.com. 281 said, oh 79% said no. 247, yes, that's 15%, don't know 96%. Our poll question today should Palm Beach County be given another election? Yes or no? See, we're not just talking about the 3,400 Buchanan votes. There are so many irregularities here that I got about 600 pages from both newspapers here. And we don't even get the Palm Beach post so I can imagine what's going on with that newspaper. But the regularities at the end and of course the big headline on a front page of the Sun several this morning is about the 1920 ballots invalidated in Palm Beach, just in Palm Beach County. Thousands of votes were disqualified because they were punched twice in the presidential race. And interestingly, a very, very heavy majority of those were by black voters. So here you've got old yentres who went to vote for Gore and Leigh Roman who wound up voting maybe as many as 3000 or more for Pat Buchanan. And then you've got a lot of black folks and also we've got all kinds of stories about this is like something that before the Civil War. Is it unbelievable? Black people who are in the wild are gold who were being given a son and an inspire FHP. And by the way speaking about FHP, thanks to my good friend out there. There you go. Got stopped for a speeding on the way to work on the turnpike this morning. Well in 75 on the turnpike at little frustrated trying to get around somebody who was going 50 in the left hand lane. I'm going 75. Here comes the red lights. And very nice FHP officer. I hope I open the window. I had my registration driver's license. Look at me. It's a nice and neat semester Rogers. You're going 75 a little bit not out of radio speed a little bit too fast. It's just hang on a second. He went back. He's writing and writing. He's writing a ticket. I said, wow, here we go with Randy Multis. And they'll take a defense team again. And he came back and he wrote me a warning citation and said, have a nice day. Thank you, officer. You're a hell of a guy. You're okay in my book. In Palm Beach County, 19,120 ballots invalidated. So if you take those 19,000, you attack item the roughly 3,000 voters be cannon votes in Palm Beach which clearly by any measure are votes that were intended for our group. You're talking over 20,000 now. That's 22,000. And the balance right now is bushes. They had 941 votes and 35 counties still to be recounted. And part of the good news of this is maybe people are thinking, well, you know, that is good news if you're for Gore, hope to have any wins. People are probably thinking, well, you know, a lot of those votes must have been in Broward. Guess what? Bush actually gained one vote in Broward and then we count. So it wasn't in Broward. Wait till Valuesia County comes in. Whether we count. Michael Orange County comes in. And like I said, wait till Penelos comes in with their final recount because it looks like Gore is going to pick up four, maybe 500 votes, maybe more, just in Penelos County alone in this recount. And I'll say it again. You saw that scene there on election night on all the networks. The Bush family shouldn't there. Very confident, very cocky. Just like now, all we want is their stuff. This starting their transition team now. What did I say today? I'm not a lesson today. They believe that they can talk themselves into something. It didn't work into Hampshire and it's not going to work now. You can't talk yourself into winning either you win or you lose. And then they come up yesterday with a box marked 90. I guess it's precinct 90 and they show the supplies of flag and the crayons in there. That's only one. What about the one that we saw here from the black church that was at the number 79 on it? So you know, it's a different ballot box that was supposedly filled with uncounted ballots. And there's an interesting how after they discovered this 92% black vote for Go and the state of Florida, that all sorts of different things were revealed. About the way the black vote was being handled and the black's been turned away. Black votes not being counted. Not that there's any races involved here. You don't understand that. Good. 10 past 10 is five, 60 is W2F. No question of the program. They do this. It could be a severe commitment. W2LM, B4. No, no. Okay, what do you say? 1014 at 5. 60 QM. Here's Dave Capriga on line who's coherent today. I hope. Who would have thought that the leader of the free world would be chosen by Captain Dave and a bunch of y'all who's in Palm Beach County? I'm going to go thought about that. Now what did you punch? She punched yourself in the face. Yeah, and then I went into the voting booth. Yeah. I wasn't confused in today. I don't know. There was like there's a fire. And there's an error. And it's point right to the whole. Yeah. So why do you always remember to find your way to the whole? Yeah, pretty quickly. And I was out of the wrong way to. That's when I hear. So on the today show about 30, 45 minutes ago, they were down here. And this guy was interviewing people at the breakers. And it was about 60 or 60 people. And most of the people were in their 30s and 40s. I think there was like maybe a couple of people that looked like they were in their 60s. But they were pretty eloquent college educated. They were asking them what happened when they were voting booths. And they seemed to be pretty intelligent people. So they were saying contrary to what everybody thought that it was in a bunch of old scene out of people. Right. Oh, I had lots of facts yesterday from people who were like under the age of 100 who. And I looked at them and I'm not a scene out of 40 yet. I'm getting close. But I looked at that thing and unless you see the problem is it to legal because even though, girls name was listed second. As on the page, the fact is he was listed as number five. Bush was number three. If you can't know was number four and go was number five. And the whole opposite the name wasn't in line. You see what I'm saying? So the girl hole. If I get maybe that's a new rule. We got a girl hole is kind of like asshole. Yeah, the girl hole was, was, was, was should have been the second hole. Not only is his name have to be listed second. But the hole that you punch has to be second. In addition to which for the law requires that the candidates for even a both parties came up with his bulls or ballot, they had to be listed on the same page. Now you saw where they on the same page. Of course not. They had that monica. Give me more head there on the bottom of the next page. Yeah, they couldn't write in can. They got a couple of the people said that they even some of the people they say punch to holes because they were confused. The one person said that because it was so confusing. Look and he thought that he was supposed to punch for alcohol and so we remember the way the names were. Exactly. And that's where the 19,000 votes go up because you know as well as the side of you vote punch, vote horse or president, then your your vote is invalidated. Yep. And when you got the two holes both of that same little box. Dude, this is getting an nasty. But you've got a problem figuring out which one there were a stick. I know. I know. But I'm hearing. One good was almost in tears. They were interviewed with chiefs that she realized she'd go to property can and she had even like fallen here. Well, how many ask you that? How did you feel if you're like an old Jew in sea. Libremen's out of ballot. Palm Beach County was like a number one in the world in his sterical old Jews lining up the votes were Julie women. And you go to the vote for this supposedly liberal guy which he's not. But then anyway, why the voting for a fascist or a pat to you, Canon? And he was on TV too. If I if I go into vote for a highly muscular, to remind the voting for a highly rich him or I mean, you know, you're not so too happy about it. The trial I was in was on earlier this morning. And he said that so they would have you would have got more votes for yes or air. That is absolutely correct. Yes sir. And pat to you, Canon was on too. But in that case as well, he was obviously if they were like two holes punched for president, they're gore and be cannon. He just obviously that it was gore people that accidentally voted for me even he admitted. Yeah, and it's first reaction was kind of like you'd expect. But then yesterday I guess he was lightning up and saying if they really wanted to vote for somebody else, I don't want their votes. Okay, well let's go vote again. Yeah. And if we do get the liberal action, which I think is going to happen. Round them up. Have a wonderful day. And you too. Okay. Here's a mobile in DC. Hello. Yes. Can you play it for me? Yeah. Okay. 560560 mobile in DC is ATBC. He's got a singer in it right now. Back home. Uh-huh. Here's plantation. Hello. And you. Okay. Now we got all the boys backing up to get away car. He got to Nuno and all these other guys on air since. Well, he's got to concede today. We got to get the thing over with. Yeah. They're in a big hurry. We got to go ahead and you know as well as I do, you know what it's like when there's like like a like in a hockey game, for example, jettle on a mention, like another disaster. But like if there's a dubious call and there aren't any sporting event. And then they want to get the game on like in football. And nobody appeals they call them. Once they snap the ball, then they can't change their mind. You know what I'm saying? Everybody say, oh, come on. That's of all fashion. They can't appeal it because we know we were wrong. That's obvious that's how these people are looking. It's like the boy. It's like, you know, when Bush knows the DNA coming, he goes, he won't anywhere. You don't think he won't. He doesn't end up in a sale. Exactly. The whole key to this is the boys are coming with the subpoenas and payback will be a fish. Oh, you got it. And that's that's the irony of it all because that's the way things get thought in this. I hear jannets come down here personally. Just show her press. Now we can press conference. Once you go down there, a personal and beat the crap out of him and knocking him in the shape. And when they start putting chapter on the road, what we're with with these little little bills going on here. And you talk about irregularities. Here are these boxes of eight bags full of ballads and Valeria County disappeared and all of us have made showed up again. I mean, there was more desperate attempts to fix this election because they knew the black vote and the Jewish vote. That was what was going to put the nails in the coffin of the Bushmiser. A lot of things. A lot of things. A lot of things. The law was with South Gilpy of Sloan walking around money on around. Remember that. You had war yet. Hunted all the bills. You used to hand it out to people to remember that. Take the scandal. And he's on there going, well, we are about things to do. And this is the way the elections are running this country. And this is this is, you know, everybody knows it. And this is the way elections are run. Now, a specific class in any any clean. I'm not going to say, I'm not going to go on. You have just one sentence to be counted. We think of their count of fairly. It'll be pretty clear that I don't want to go on. When the election is well, the talk of the election. I'm not going to say, I can't. I say I cut him off. But that's okay. He had this time with a. Still line 41. But you really can't tell because you deal with millions almost six million votes there. It's still line 41. We don't have anything new. But as soon as we do, I'm on MSNBC. I'm on CNN. I'm on top of it. I'm in it. I'm out of it. Still line 41. With 35 counties yet to be counted. All you can say is. And I'll say it again. Some of those supposedly overseas ballots already were counted because they arrived before the deadline on election day and they were counted. So and the best part of the deal is they're saying, Well, we don't have any idea how many areas to be counted. They have no idea. Nobody knows. Nobody knows the trouble we've seen. You got to say one thing if nothing else. As screwed up as this state is between all the stuff that goes on a date county with Ali on all the other garbage that goes on. And now this bogus election. At least we get some excitement. You don't have too much good excitement, but we get whether it's bad excitement, but it leaves me gets an excitement. Here's my knee beat, shallow. My knee beat. I better. Yes sir. Just wanted to point out. I hate to cite the hell with the kind of grapple here. But in addition to the 19,120 vote and Palm Beach that will be evaluated. Yes sir. There's a initial 17,000 in the day county. Yeah, that's right. Okay. What's the point of the off here? In black areas of day county. Yeah. If you look at the counties that have reported, there were two things that jump right out of that show. In do that county, go up picked up 180 or about 16 per bush. You look at Palm Beach and go up picked up 751. You just had those two together. That's always the votes that get added in the goal of college. All the other counties are fairly close. But the two wide burying it is Palm Beach and do all. We have an Ad Valuesia county, which there is a big stink up there. We also don't have Penelis, which we know it's going to be 4,500 votes there. Go ahead and pick up. What other thing that I'll get up here? The all of the networks use a kind of a cool computer shopping. Now, they know when they make a prediction, they know the vote count that they have. And they also have the sort of demographic idea of the ways of vote should go. Now on that day, they predicted the law. And all of the sudden, there's a cop remaining. That's the sudden they're getting. Right. I don't think it was the network that made it the day that I think it's the. The huge data that the republicans provide. Well, you know, it's funny because I was either Tim Rosser to Bob Schiefer. I remember just minutes after they took back the early prediction and thought are going to go. And one of the network hundreds said, there's a problem with some of the precinct in date county. And as soon as I heard that, I thought, oh, oh, here we go. It was actually the angel actually. Yeah. Sure. Okay. Good luck to us. You five. Here's a fact that says, as you know, the selection has been pretty close, but in Florida as long as two weeks ago, there were rumors that some kind of voter fraud would take place. We can see evidence of such fraud now where did county took as long as New York state to count it votes. And the process did not count 15,000 votes from black areas. And the votes were not okay damage in West Palm Beach. So in 19,000 votes also not counted in the skirt and 3000 more were counted for be cannon intended for Gore. And it was not about a little paranoia here, but yeah, I'll say it again. Based on everything I'm hearing and reading this morning, those ballots are not legal. Because the whole isn't the second hole. Gotta be delicate the way we describe this. But the goal hole has to be right under the bush hole. Remember that hip-hop connected to the rib bone and the earhole connected to the be hole. And it was not. They stuck at the cannon hole, but we know it's her letter. He's a man, so it stuck at the cannon hole in the middle. Not acceptable. And you both are, and nobody, I don't hear anybody, including me, we're not suggesting that it was done to confuse people that it was done in a partisan way. It was done by stupidity because there's plenty of stupid democrats and Twitter stupid republicans, which broke out a party's got together. And approve that the ballot's crap in Palm Beach, that kind of a ballot. Honorable, any legal. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Okay. Sounds like you're a little far greater than before, but what does that mean? Don't you think that whoever the one the election should be, the president or the president? Yeah, so what a moron. Sandra, can you do with our grips? What are you going to say? Are you going to be singing, sorry, if this is the kind of children that kind of juvenile assholes that we're dealing with? Go back to New York assholes. Go back to New York. What I'm moron. See, my philosophy is whoever got the most votes, that's who should win. And since the election is determined, even though goes only head by about 100,000 in the popular vote, you still had this. But that doesn't mean anything. Whoever you would see a 270% electoral vote, he becomes a president. And I have this real bizarre, very partisan theory that whoever won the vote election should get the 25 electoral votes. If Bush wins it, he's a president. If goll wins it, he's a president. It's got nothing to do with solid grapes, but you're looking overgrown child. And what really is to what's really bugging you and you can't stand is the fact that everybody won't say, Oh, okay, we're going to coordinate the King Bush here and just go ahead. You know, you fixed it up real good and we're not going to fight it. We're going to be the great healers. That's not going to happen. Because that's what answers what he would have to see happen. If you see the Bush people, would they or Governor in his brother, the two governors helping each other, steal a election, right in broad daylight. Are we going to let that happen? No, we're not. And then you're going to be squealing, sour grapes, all the way back to the Bronx. You New York asshole you. 26 after 10 at 5.60 WQM, that's your fat. I'm sure that last guy's probably about 7 or 9. If you can just envision him, can't you? One of those big New Yorkers, they're huge, big beer belly, the big puppet. Oh, not to make you want a cute real hairy. Well, ready in. Done, I'll turn. Okay, 10.30 at 5.60 WQM. We have any more overgrown children like the asshole at New Yorker from Palm Beach County, Don't waste your time. Okay, you'll be on like two seconds. What's the point? Are we going to wait for the army? Like I said, I wasn't happy at the 23, the morning on Tuesday night, Wednesday morning, whatever. I said, okay, that's it. Give it a good shot. Then when I went to bed, I wake up here today morning and we'll be holding still up in the Year's in limbo, limbo. Case to wash around, but this idea that, well, just let us steal it and stop crying, sorry, grapes and let us roll off into sunset and see the election. I don't think so. Let's coordinate King George. No, I don't think so. And don't forget King George had a bad list. Here's the mobile at West Palm. Hello. Daniel, how you doing? Okay. We're probably getting in West Palm. I did vote on the ballot, and I'm excited that it was confusing. It needed a second book. I feel like you do. You know, the bottom line is at 2.30 in the morning. You know, I'm at this point with the election. Wherever the chips fall, let them fall. However, the one thing that you normally get really excited about, I don't understand. You know, just just, just the Jackson and Flight Alshops and in front of the house, shot and in flight. You know, you're the first one. Let me tell you this Alshops and should have as I kicked out of the state because Alshops and was sitting up there sucking Ralph Nader's butt in New York, the day before the election. And he has no business being here. As far as Jesse is concerned, let him steal them all off. You know why don't you come up. Okay. I'm not trying to catch off. No, I don't like Jesse Jackson anymore than you do all the way. You've got to admit that he's a smithy stuber. Let me ask you this. You really believe that in soft Florida, the Luchy County, when we take, you know, the moronic level of this country, all of South America, that's, that's where it drops off here and deliver the day late here everywhere else. I mean, the honestly believed that this is where it happens. The only reason we're all in the air. Yeah, how come we're not hearing about it anywhere else? Because we're the state, maybe it's 25 votes. So now. Yeah, and as it's, in a way, it's probably something. Out of 67 counties, Palm Beach County was the only one that had the, the problems with the, of a voter or a congusion because it's the only one that had the ballots through them. No, I totally agree with that. And you know what, throw the vote out. I don't believe in a re-vote because both are in the grid on it. Well, well, what if you, what do you mean, you don't believe in a re-vote. You've got a disenfranchised, all the people in Palm Beach County because the ballot was illegal. That's not the way it works. Those people have a right to have their vote counted. I mean, I'm sure you'd like to see that because then that's since you've been for, but that's not the way it works. First people just can't be told, well, we give you an illegal ballot so therefore you can't vote. Of course not. Those people still have a right to cast their vote. Look at us and you legal ballot. Who gave it to you? They, the powers that be in Palm Beach, Democrats and Republicans, whoever the ones who were the people were responsible for that illegal ballot. Supervisor of election, Democrats. If that doesn't make any difference, you want to do it on the technicality. I'm not saying, well, I do not, I'm not saying what's done. Part of it is not saying what's done. Part of it is not saying it was done by ineptness and the ballot is illegal. Okay, and you'll let's go one step further and we go on. Okay. As I said, you already, at this point, you don't even, it really doesn't matter to me. Because you know as well, as I do, focus on the purpose. You're not the wrong man, so it really doesn't matter. I mean, as far as I'm concerned. But I don't know, look, let's face it. I, granted, was a terrible choice. I said that from the beginning, but the fact is, can we agree on whoever one of the most folks should get the election? Absolutely. No doubt in my mind. Okay. Okay. Good luck to us. Thank you. Thank you. 90 votes at our person Palm Beach kind of be given another election. 83, yes, 15, no. Over 80%. Well over 80%. So yes. And I think that's what you're going to see happen. Now, it's 85.5% on the new reload here. Squared Squirt. It's reloading. MSNBC is doing something which I don't know if you see it. And I'm not going to turn it because I have to, I feel I got to keep watching that. So the second that there's a change, we can pass it along to you. But at the bottom right hand corner, in fact, at the bottom of the screen, they're showing the actual popular vote in the Florida. And in the right hand corner, it shows bush leads by 941. And they're going to keep changing that immediately. And as soon as new numbers are released in this county by county recount, they got to 7 o'clock tonight's do it. And there's no reason why they shouldn't be able to do it fast in that. It is absolutely unbelievable. Here's Boker. Hello. Hey Neil. I'm so glad I got the follow that guy. Let me answer him very quickly. The reason you're not here about this another state. They don't have Jeff Bush as their governor. Thank God. Oh my God. I remember the first time that he ran against child. I'm saying to myself, you know, what is Jeff Bush doing in Florida? What's his connection to Florida? Probably the same thing Hillary was doing in New York. I would imagine. Well, let me just take this a step forward. Kind of grab some power. We have it. I think this is an orchestrated plan from way back then. My, of course it is Jeff like the Kennedy did the same thing. I'm so grateful for which these are the people. The, the Roosevelt, the Rockefellers, the Kennedy's, the Bush's. And this is an aristocracy that we've got. These are the guy named Emperors of the Universe here. Absolutely. They didn't vote George Bush at our George W. On us until they had Jeff set up down here. Right. Right. They got big idea of waiting in the wings. This time this time he's a shot himself in both feet. I also knew a one last year. If you were going to pick one state in this country. To corrupt an election, which one would it be? You're in a pound. Absolutely. We'll open a window and look around. You can smell it. I just want everybody to open their eyes widely and see what's going. And thank God, I think it's finally starting to, you know, to come to life. And I just don't think that there's any way that they can give this thing to Bush. I think. To court a famous football coach who turned out to be a real asshole. We got a shot. Absolutely. Have a great day. Hi. You'll cost all six to seven Saturday morning. And this week Sunday, 90 until noon because of that big masscars thing. There's a lot of big masscars thing down here. Live from the event. So all new motorsports people, the infamous Bill Costello, two chances for the price of one. And actually when some people are awake Sunday morning from 90 noon. Look for a deeper and a few. I'm van at the Citroes gas station corner of 177 the Collins Avenue Miami Beach, noon to two. I'll have the best in the LCDs because that's T-shirts and teaching. That's the Citroes gas station corner of 177 the Collins Avenue Miami Beach. Oh, I knew you two would be for who's everywhere. That man is just, he's at the hockey game out there. And he actually got boot loudly to I should point out. Here's a mobile and popular. Hello. And you know, I had been on the great. But for that, I can't agree with that last bullshit. The call of before you have it had a little bit on the money. I mean, you know, a lot of things bought in me and a lot of the people bought this election. I voted in Palm Beach. I looked at that. I've heard of them. And I said, okay, here's one voting for it. And here's how it goes. But things that bothers me the most is this. If the ticket was or the the form was bad and they didn't correct it before it happened. That's too bad. If you put it away, wait a minute. What do you mean it's too bad? Well, you know what? If they if they looked at it and they and they. I don't want to. I want to want to want to want to want to want to come down for a minute. Take it back and listen to me. All right. All right. The race for the for the congress between Elaine Blumen, Clay Shaw, which Shaw allegedly was ahead by 563 at the last count. There was some precinct in their district in Palm Beach County because it heard that district is part of Palm Beach and the date and proud right along the coast. But didn't even have her name on a ballot. Now, you should just because it because the ballot was wronged. That was usually just say, well, too bad. I lost because the. Absolutely not the. What are you saying? The ballot is illegal and those votes can't count. All right. I'm trying to make it this. They knew it. I mean, just looking at that ballot, they should have known that it was illegal number one and number two the people that thought that they voted for the wrong person. Why did they wait until they voted and put their their kick it in the ballot box before they came up with the idea that hey, I might have voted for the wrong person. What are you asking this? What do you have to do if you've already put your ballot in that box? And I voted right nearly on Tuesday morning. What do you do if you do that? You're going to go back and say, okay, you got to open the box and go through all the ballot and we have to go through the computer numbers and try to match up with one of his mind. That's not going to happen. Absolutely, we got. You're right. So how can they do it? They can't. They can't repothe their social. They can't impombe each county. They can't naturally. If the courts declared that the ballot was vague or that it was even illegal, sure they can re-could do it and prombe. Now, let me ask you one question. How do they correlate? Like when I when I got the card, the first thing I looked at. I signed my name. I got the card and I said, well, how do they know this is my vote? There's no correlation. There's definitely there's definitely somewhere in that car. There's a barcode. Some people call it mixed later yesterday. I thought just like you do, that they couldn't tell who there's a barcode on the top part that they tear off and they put in their envelope and the same one matches up that goes in the ballot box. Well, I'll tell you what to say. Can do that then. Then I am four. I'm nearly one of the four. These two people. I can't believe that's going to kind of go to the top of the party. Yeah. So you come up with anybody better than this. Right. They can do that. They can literally match up who voted for who and when they should do it and the finger fathers meet them all for that. And it really does bother me. You may think it's it's not. And I'm not for born. I'm not for Bush. Yeah. Is that court couldn't win it's home state. If you want to harm state, we're going to go. When you learn for the international election, you don't have to win specific states, whether it's or not. That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard in my life. He couldn't win his home state. So different does that make an additional which Tennessee is the most of the most Republican Yahoo Redneck state in history of mankind to become a more Republican by every minute. I mean, if that's the case, we could have had just the election that could have just voted Tennessee and Texas. And then said, okay, well, Bush won Texas and go all across Tennessee. So that's the end of election. Bush is the king. But that's pretty silly. He couldn't win his home state. Oh, they couldn't win on their home field. That's actually that sports thing. Now what is it? Oh, yeah. The Neil Roger show sports radio 560. Okay, here's a fact that says one question why in Palm Beach County on the top of the ballot was you are the Bush's name first and not the Gore. I spoke in on Mon and Maryland on her ballot. El Gore was on top. I can answer that very easily. The state law requires that whoever whichever party has the governor's the governor of that state. This is the state that's the Bush being the Republican. Merle on the course as a Democrat. So that's why El Gore was listed first. Whoever the candidate of that party is for present. So be listed first the governor. And whoever won the second most votes in the Cuban Tural election, the most recent election has to be listed second. That's where a big part of this problem lies. That even though Gore's name was under the Bush name, the hurl that you punch for Ral Gore wasn't directly opposite. We got a whole problem. I've heard of what it was I just reading about here. It says representative Robert Wester was on MSNBC right now produced the memo from the LaPore that's that brought up there the. Elections are supervised in Palm Beach County. To poor workers telling them to remind voters only to vote for one candidate and follow the number of arrow to the whole. Lexley showed it said it showed LaPore knew there was a problem. Pan Eoreo head of the Florida state association of supervisors of election said Palm Beach County was the only county in the state. He's the so called butterfly ballot formation Eoreo the election supervisor for Hillsborough County said the ballot configuration is up to the county supervisor. And then it goes on to say a single ballot page of presidential candidates is the preferred design is the Michigan and the law for example. In Los Angeles. They had seven. It said we had no ballot capacity issues. The government. We're just telling the quarter for Los Angeles county which has 4.1 million registered voters. They had seven candidates on one page. Which is all candidates who were running including Monica for hard whatever it was. But not a Palm Beach. In Palm Beach confusion. And then the idea that you got a disenfranchised people and accept their votes based on a technicality based on all you should know better. That's not acceptable. That's not the American as a way. I'm speaking about here's no one can. So I want to echo what Congressman Wetzel said and you asked me to question what's the problem with the Palm Beach County Bality of the day and I went back and did some research. The bottom line is that the Palm Beach County ballot is statutory, the set of even if confusion was not an issue amongst the voters. And I want people understand this because any citizen can make this claim whether they're Republican or Democrat. 101.191 of Florida. So one sentence to answer to read so simply. It's as the general election ballot shall be in the following form. To go for a candidate whose name is printed on the ballot, mock across in the blank space of the right of the name of the candidate called the desire to vote. And the words at the right are in capital letters bold. What this Palm Beach County election commission did is on our own she changed what the state ballot must legally be. She said she did it because she wanted elderly voters to be able to see it better. That's all well and good for what she did was the statute's poorly designated government official violated the state laws and what a ballot should legally be. And she made an illegal ballot and the property additional remedies ultimately could be to declare all the votes for presidents that were made in Palm Beach County, Noron Void, order a new election just for president on a ballot that is constitutionally in statute or a week of opera. And that simple she on her own changed what the state ballot must be. We've looked at her ballots compared to all the other 66 counties in the state. This is the only one that's wrong. Yeah. So there you go. It's very conceivable that the person apart from whether or not or or a bush conceived this afternoon based on the recount. Oh, that that's not for the happen that that a group of citizens on their own challenging this ballot could find. In a court at the ballot was illegal improper and order a reelection justice to president after those people who voted. That's not what now now what the will be a reasonable timeframe if they did grant Palm Beach a real another election. I think that because the elected is not the electives vote like an early January. The vote actually they need to be celebrating. So what could reasonably happen is this could speak through the courts within the state of seven to ten days and they could designate a revoke within 30 days. Only allowing those people since people when they vote they have to as you know sign the form. And they're not allowed those people who voted on November seven come back on Beach County alone and let them vote solely for the presidential race on a ballot that is statute. That's what they put it easy because they have all those red voter registration rules and all the signatures so they know who it is entitled to vote. It is not that difficult as half to pull off and to pull it off within 30 days. It's definitely a special election and a pair of new ballots overnight. So I was right before when I said that the ballot in Palm Beach was illegal. No question in my mind. No question in the mind of anybody that's a lawyer of any sorts of the ballot in Palm Beach is illegal. It's directly attributable to the negligence on the part of the government official that prepared the ballot and it doesn't matter as congressman Mark Foley tried to say last month. I'd say last night on Marley King Lion, Congressman Mark, I'm very deep in the, you know, rocks are folly. I'm trying to say that, well, this was published in advance and people had a right to look at it in advance. That's legally in-time sequential marks. The point is the burdens upon the government officials and the parents, acceptable ballots. And the fact that nobody challenged it in advance just doesn't matter. Right. Okay, so that's, look it up. There you go. Thanks, Norm. We actually got to garage from next. He said a special message dropped. Much as rough as a mego. Actually, we want to be a far enough customer that, uh, I'll go out. We'll start. Thank you so much. Thanks Nick. And that's Frank. We got to pinp on there. See, Nick got the a pinp out in the years of college. There's received up a little man out in the sales factory. Right. So we got our little man, Frank, Jack, asked their and sales. We got him out of the picture. Believe me. Okay, so there you have it right from the illegal vehicles, uh, horses, uh, mouth. Palm Beach County Commissioner, Bert Erranton, and discussing the alleged votes for the cannon said I don't think we have 3000. Not to use it. Palm Beach County. Nice going. Very good. Yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Oh. Woo. 5, 6, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. On the 18, T and twice and once, why nothing new? Underweak count. Here's the facts. So there's a set of copy of the ballot for some friends in this report came from one of the most intelligent women I know. He says, would you believe that we are two of those people in Palm Beach County? We registered to vote for it because we knew going needed our votes in Florida more than in Illinois. And so we requested absentee ballots. When the ballots have lined up, the envelopes to use them, I was taken aback by the layout of the names. I had to sit down with a straight edge and line up my selections of the circle to be pierced, then I did the same for a hairy ballot and took nearly 15 minutes to complete the process. Can you imagine voters facing this situation in a booth alone of voters waiting outside to get their votes cash and go on about their business? I'm beginning to wonder if even I voted accurately. There should be a new election where the revised ballot for voters in that district, etc. And so on, amen. Nice going, Ludmelas. Here's your field B, Chello. It'd be a lot of work in that one of these alpha-taquer communities in Boka. And you've got to see the chaos. It's going on in Paris so far. You just think that's what I've had in the wild. These people, they just they think they voted for Heinrich. He must be having the best laugh of his works. No, not now. He's become very repented about those things. If he's votes weren't intended for him, they ought to go to a goal and a heaven of the intended for him. He's a good man. At least for the day anyway. Exactly. Okay, thanks. Here's one of the marine dog's columns. He says, oh heck, let's just keep Clinton. As I said, yeah, nice going, Marine. I agree. Let's call a whole thing off and just keep bubbling there for a few years to, you know. Who cares about the goddamn constitution anyway? Here's coral geobals. Hello. Yes sir. I agree. It should be a real lecture, but they should be a lecture. They should do a whole state reelection. Why? Well, obviously Palm Beach is a very democratic county. So you're going to have one very democratic county doing a reelection. That's not a good question. We don't do reelection. It's not a question of what happened to the park. What? In other words, I can't say anything and response to that. Okay, go ahead and make a little speech, go ahead. I look at the balance. Yeah. I'm pretty sure that if you vote on that balance and I vote on that, we would have voted for the first one. If you want it. For some reason, they can't see or follow great or they can't. It is very obvious that anybody listening to you, including me, that you're trying to talk you way out of this. It isn't going to work. And we just got just before you, we had no one there talking about the fact that the Palm Beach County ballot doesn't conform a state election law. It's in a little ballot. So the fact that you would like the current outcome or the fact that you would like to have another statewide vote, which would give the Bush machinery and opportunity to have another or a set of the, where we can't, there's no way that we can afford to go through that embarrassment again, no chance. See this guy's problem is he knows Palm Beach is heavily democratic. He knows that there's 20,000 votes, mostly black votes that got ripped off of the double piercing in there. So you don't get the double piercing's man that's fed for your health. And that these old Jews that voted for be cannon who wanted to vote for go, he knows it's a lost cause. You're trying to talk you way out of it. You know, I want to say something to you and all fairness. And all honesty. George W. Bush ran about this business of bringing integrity back to government and who's the most honest and who's the most honorable and getting all this work. That's what if that's the case. Then how come he and his henchmen there are are forming their goddamn transition team. And they keep trying to talk themselves in. But like, okay, okay, let's get a concede already what we want. And the poster saying we're going to go along with whatever processes necessary to make sure that whoever actually won the vote is going to be the next president. I haven't seen one slight bit of humility or fairness of anything because it's not an evokeabitor. The Bush family doesn't know the meaning of those words. Any of them. They have the sense of entitlement. It's here to have and nobody's going to take it away from it. So please don't give me the song to dance about it's not fair cause it's in Palm Beach County. Now, for what have been in Duvall County, for example, where even there a goal on a weekend screwed out of 400 votes in the recounted yet, and you've got 400 more. If it would have been some heavily Republican County, then he'd be singing a different tune. You don't have re-elections based on the political preference of the people in that area. You do what I'm going to do. The election was legal and proper or not. And it wasn't. What's there this name? 1056. And don't even forget this. This is all over and above the challenge to the absentee ballots. Which think the high have an autopsy. Which also should have explained you why all of them that was declared grow the winner based on all the information the exit for and the break out that they have a real absentee ballots. They affected at all in. And then because I'm not a very magdog and get no wine about all of it, they've got all those absentee ballots. So these networks are going to be sorry. They and Bill, what's the mention? I had a very upset about that. I'm seeing it and said, we take that into consideration. We have that information. That's part of our, our thing of all the statistics we put in there. But as the night went on, all of a sudden 350,000 became 500,000 became a immediate absentee ballot and God only knows where they came from. 430, 560. WC, WM, by heavy court lawyer, a measly broadcast group stage had WCW.com or the world. This is a new launcher shell. This is a blame. Any questions you say? No, they're not saying go away, they're very nice and polite, but there are no new members. And yesterday the decision was made to release these numbers county by county as they came in. What we're trying to find out is, how they changed their mind? Are they going to release them all the once for some reason? But right now, no new numbers. Just an indication to our viewers through there was a room just in front of us here that we apparently are going to get the numbers released possibly by paper form. I wouldn't come in, but again, that's not completely clear just yet. Other thing we want to point out right now, James and later, was the lead surrogate the former Secretary of State, standing out here in the POSO with reporters right now. He apparently is going to talk more about his dealings with the Secretary of State, Captain Harris here in the state of Florida. Yes, his role along with William Christopher's role, who is the surrogate for the board is to kind of oversee this process of the recounts and leading up to the certification of the results. But how do you do that, frankly? I mean, if he set up stairs and oversaw anything, it would be someone taking the phone color effect. And we'll have to find out what more there is to this because what's going on is really outside of Palazzo in terms of looking at ballots that were voided and things such as that. We talked with James Baker, who is morning life here on CNN. He was quick to point out that there was no evidence right now. Any indication to about play Republicans are not making that charge in any sense. More in a second with Mike with first back with land and down in Kagan, there is breaking news in another part of the country down back to you. That's right, though, and of course, before all the questions of what happened in Florida, there were a lot of questions on election night about what was taking place in the very question now being raised by Senator Kit Von, of Missouri, that's going to happen in the United States. And to me, this is a prenafasia evidence that there was a scheme underway to have the voting polls kept open in the Democratic areas. With me was for her and a attorney who was monitoring that process and participated in overturning the order of the court by in that process, we found other acts of a parent who was a wonderful, a little extra election of duty. When dozens of ballot boxes are left unguarded, when we hear evidence that judges may have improperly allowed unregistered voters to vote when we hear a number of the activities that went on, I think the evidence. I mean, I made your criminal enterprise. Wow. First of all, those ones are very handily, all the cunning and thing. They see another pissed off at the dead man. But, you know, and I brought that up. I brought that up first thing yesterday morning about the fact that this judge, oh yeah, let's brought the people in St. Louis, which of course is mostly a very heavily black and a lot of Democrats. Let's brought them all vote number three hours, then the other judge, no, I don't think so. So they did get like a certain amount of extra voting time. And whether that was enough to make the difference in the senator election remains to be seen. How do you like that? Is that an American baby? Here's a moment in bulk. Hello. I knew how you done. Okay. I just want to echo something in norms that I live in bulk with time. And I, you know, there's nothing to say really about this butterfly, you know, ballot. The one thing that really hasn't been brought out is the instructions that were provided by the election, the supervisor election, coaching is to mark your selection to the right of the candidate. Nothing was ever mentioned about any candidate on the left hand side of the ballot. The instructions were wrong. Say that again, the instructions were to mark your one. The instructions that were provided to the things, they all should be the public. Right. I know. I have that here somewhere. Okay. On the instruction period, you're going to have to vote. It tells you to make your mark and punch all the way through to the right of the candidate. How can you do that if the candidate can a left hand side of the page? Otherwise, you couldn't, if you wanted to vote for Buchanan, you had to vote to the lost of his name. Right. I never thought about that. That's the next one point. Excellent. So even the instructions were invalid. The instructions were invalid. Right. I don't know if anybody's ever addressed that. Never heard that on the National News. Five things you can, not a protest, too. Absolutely. Because anything, you know, you know, that's a bit more head. Yeah. Yeah. But, the point. Okay. Thanks, pal. Excellent point. Okay. So it's totally screwed up in Palm Beach. As opposed, they've only had 70 million elections in Palm Beach County over the years, just like all of us. But as opposed to just doing it, the good old fashion way that seems to work all of us at the time, no, we have to come up with something new and innovative and exciting and confusing. And anybody who started along lines with deploying places on Tuesday realizes that you feel a certain amount of urgency, no matter how old and people you are or maybe how much you're, whatever your other circumstance may be, a certain amount of responsibility, a hustle along and get it done as opposed to just standing there, how much you're delivering over to your goddamn balance, trying to figure it out for a half an hour. You can't do that. It is absolutely mind-boggling. Here's sunrise, huh? You know, you've got so many people calling saying, I'm going to crack the election supervisor through this, so party's look at it. They say I want to know that the principal right for illegal and unconfused and valid forms to the voters, really does it matter if it was Democrats, Republicans, whatever, the voters have to principle right when it comes to voting. They have the right to a clear illegal ballot. Right, and additional, if I were sitting here or anybody also was pointing a figure and saying, well, this was designed intentionally to confuse the voters, nobody has seen that. Nobody has done intentionally for that reason, but the end result and the outcome is what's in done. Exactly. Have you checked out Bushwatch.com recently? Because that link's to other stories. There are problems in other counties. I don't know if you can get to them. One of the most degrees they're going to link to a CBS news story is about the Lush County. Right. Which I don't know if that's one of the counties that's reported in the recount. No, not yet. I don't know if you read that Jane Harris, the Socialist Candidate. Right. Got it. And this is on, Tom Bushwatch, that 9888 votes in the Lush County. He's got a total statewide of 10,471. Uh-huh. So over 90 percent of the votes came from the Lush County. That is very hard to believe. It's not the people who probably have the Lush County. Unbelievable. The second thing is in the Royal County, which you mentioned before, it's also on Bushwatch. In fact, I emailed this to them. They have a link to a Washington Post article. 9 percent, over 9 percent, almost 1 out of 10 dollars in Duvall County had no selection for president. Now, Neil, this was an election where there were 10 candidates on the ballot. That can be all day when they want to give you Republican Democrats. Maybe you can make an argument as a pro-cas people would leave to a president's blind. But as they try to tell me that people will actually want to the poll and you actually voted that almost 1 out of 10 wanted to leave president's blind. I don't believe that. And that this is also on Bushwatch. I recommend everybody to go to Bushwatch. They have the links to the articles, the original sources, the land of Sentinel, CBS News. I mean, some of the other crap is unbelievable. And I'm wondering if some of this is what the delay is here on the recount. It hasn't been a new county post today. And I believe it's up until last night. It's been some time. So it's pretty interesting. Well, we're keeping an eye on our eye on it. Yeah, the Bush Brothers are at work. Okay, thanks. Take care. Yeah, there's nothing new like Bill Hummer and I guess I said a couple minutes ago. But we're there. CNN is doing the same thing. Monkey, see Monkey do. I don't know which one started. It's a good idea. They're keeping the count right at the bottom of the screen. Still Bush ahead by 941. But they still have 35 more counties to recap plus. The mysterious number of always seems balanced, which who knows what that's going to be when they're all going to get here. And how many have already been counted and they have killed November 17th for his eight more days. Now, somebody sends me a copy of the Broward ballot, which I've voted on that. And is this a legalist? There's puns to the second spot on your absentee ballot to vote for Gore and you just vote for Bush. We can't understand that because it looks pretty, pretty clear to me. I don't get that. But anyway, it's good. And again, you really don't know anything because if you don't see the holes, if you can't see the holes, the holes. And I know there are a lot of folks who have problem with that. But otherwise, it doesn't mean anything. It's been passed a lot of the time, 60 WCW. Only in the banana republic, when it's only in Miami. And probably. Everybody's taking a grandson. You're my baby. Take a yellow portion. If it's no seen inside of you, making you feel now. You're my baby. Take a yellow portion. No, not to get it, but to leave it to you. You just walk on the feet. If the sick doesn't lose, the camera's coming. Stayed. Just give the portion on me. Oh, look at this. We got another rally coming up. Maybe it's maybe a little bit of a pot-locked shuffer. I think let's leave the rallye for Jesse. You know what I'm saying? For all of you are outraged by the, oh, this is unbelievable. And South Miami, is there any reason to have a rally in South Miami that I can figure out? No, half a crap. Every time we have some kind of a problem, if all these people are wanting to lot in the party in the streets, and we've got little from the audience again. Probably because he's involved now. You know, he's on the phone. Oh, I do know that. He sent me a fact yesterday. I congratulate him. You know, a wonderful job on doing what's coming from you, Bob. It has no credibility whatsoever. It's a saveout fact paper. And I'm sure that even though his name is not on the state, I think that they can suck me. But we don't promote all kinds of rallies, but there's no need for it. Jesse's got his folks. I mean, he's people out there and they're doing their thing. And they were just in franchise and treated. I'm trying to find there. There are only 8,000 articles in both papers here. But one of our words about black people were like black men were stopped by FHP guys at the, um, uh, ballot places and had their criminal records checked and returned away. I mean, they did everything in their power to distribute black and turn out in this state. Can't imagine why can you, you know, the fact that they voted 90 people percent for Gore can't figure that out. Not that there was any pattern in this state of, uh, just absolutely sure of order for all it on Tuesday. Then we had that road block up there in tele-hancy, which is coincidentally in a very heavily black area. It was only 1.4 miles from the polling place. Or do you just pull everybody over and because they wanted to save gas. Yeah, that's right. It's part of their gas comfort conservation program. Oh, this is just a beautiful. Yeah, I'll tell you how to reconcil this constant and I. Oh, uh, here's one that's interesting that conflicts with what normal said before. This is a half of this area. We are using is building machine ballots, which is not covered, which is covered under 101.27. That's the statute that gives a 30, the county supervisor of elections. I'm not in the attorney, just the citizen who can read and has a web connection. So anyone who wants to try to get a revote based on a faulty ballot design won't find what they're looking for in the statute that normal cited. So, I'm going to. 293 votes at our polls should pop each be given another election. 228 say yes, it's 78%. 65 saying no, that's 22%. It says apparently the Monday morning quarterback Republicans complaining about the dumb Democrats who were confused by the Palm Beach ballots have never heard of Murphy's law. Saying that if something can't go wrong, it will. It's easy to see the arrows on the ballots when children on TV and in the papers. After they're lead reported out to them. That's why we have product testing with real consumers before the product was on the general market. Medical procedures are changed. We've even well trained in telling you that doctors find ways to screw them up. Likewise, airlines crash when their well trained crews are given new procedures that haven't been well designed without properly. Hello. Handle. Yes, hello. Yes, sir. I'm not going to. 3, sir. Yes, 3, sir. I'm going to. We haven't. Wait, just one second. We got a new what, Tally. Bush's lead is now 35 of 67 County, 7099. Oh, good. Good. I'm closer. Excellent. I don't know if all your listeners will wear with what chip is in a business partner. Before the major developers have been here for years and years. Uh huh. And if I don't spell something wrong, then there. I mean, what is this? Just like the thing with the Citrus Caccopo ram. Well, I don't want to get into that right now, but I've been giving the Citrus Caccopo work as I say, I don't know. I don't know. Well, recommend is somebody needs to take a close look at the financial connection here between their public and party. And Jim business contacts out here. Something just smells funny because I got a neighbor that's a election worker. And she's saying, what's the same struggle as school we yesterday afternoon? Who became a parent that, uh, he's up here. What's it winning right? It's a show. Mm-hmm. Okay. Thanks, pal. What have you seen? So not been talking about recounts and Wisconsin and Iowa, maybe even a new Hampshire or Bush, sure, one, but with only 7200 votes out of more than half a million. And on and on a coast. See that they can drum up all kinds of recounts, which is fine. I don't see any trouble that. I can't say whoever actually got the most votes you win. But the fact is that up until now we'll be hearing about any voter regularities in Wisconsin. Oh, I want, oh, New Hampshire. No, I'm not said, as to say that they couldn't have been in this because this, after all, is America landed the free in the corrupt. But it just seems kind of strange. It seems like there is a reach. Like, wow, this in case we better cover our ass just in case this floor thing blows up on our face. We better start to get the machine we go somewhere else. Here's Surfside, hello. We blow out your ass, idiot. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Helen Dale, hello. Yeah, I'm the other president to ask you. The tech is a whole full of pluralities called these kinds of things. I mean, I mean, I'm the star. If I wanted to protest, I'm not the president to care about it. There were other things for me to plan on for the issues for example for the train. Yeah. No one in these stations has to say, you make a protest, but this is not 5705605. You follow that. Not like you lay on the floor up those towers. With the other issues on our towers, is that mean I promised that counting. That is correct. I mean, that's a file. You just say, no, we're not going to call it a 40-minute. I'm too late. I'm too late. I'm too late. I'm not going to be counted. Okay, come down. Pick a note count and just go over to court. They're relaxed. I'm going to be the bag out. Not. I mean, he just a little bit too exercise. I'm worried about him. He's right. He's got a right to be exercise. But just come down a little bit. Man. And of course, you just have to wonder about those night. You know, you said, go now. I have five points, which made it suspicious that the girl might be Lou, the state. You have to really believe now that Bill Nelson probably won by a significantly more than five points. But at least a couple, maybe two three points more than that. So let me say it again, 35 of 67 counties have been recounted now. And the Bush leaders dwindled another 142 votes. It's out of 799. Which still 32 counties to go. Now you're following the math on there. So you're seeing how close this is. Because when he started he had 1784 vote lead. Half of that would be eight hundred and some of it. So he's lost a little more than half of the vote with a little more than half of the counties. And even though some of the big counties already have been recounted like Dave and Broward and Palm Beach. But keep in mind, I'm sure I don't know which traditional counties we had here because it's an Ellis county. I doubt that that's in that total. When you were asked about the dollars that appeared within punch twice. He said, well, you know, the usual cases that you throw a ballot like that out is invalid. And was in was in the result of that confusing ballot. He said, well, that's something that election officials democratic and Republican should have caught earlier. You did also say that we should remember that this is a leader's process rather than a political process. He didn't go any further than that. But one could think that to mean that the Bush campaign is going to make something of the Gore campaign's decision to seize on every irregularities that has been found down in the state of Florida. Wouldn't? Gee, I know it's logical to expect that we won't hear from the governor until he's actually got something to say. But we're all fascinated to know how he spent the money. We need to know we're not the least bit fascinated. No, how he's spending the time if he's totaling his thumbs. If he's got his finger up his rectum, you idiot some CNN man, you might be sick. We're all fascinated and know if he's having a good bowel movement if he's got like wild bio real now. People in the media and Tom Jick has got a good calm in some Sentinel about the early projections and that it's got to stop and has to come to an end. Nice going there, Tommy Boy. Amen. The wild frenzy who can be first? Who can come up with who can screw up the election the best? And it would seem to me that no matter which side you want, if you like to go or you are bush, that you ought to be really pissed off with that works because they cause both candidates votes. We had somebody calling yesterday I think from Marguey where we were was, who was online and the heat in a frame of going to vote for. And somebody have on those little TVs there. There were online the lines as you saw were gigantic and a lot of places around the state. And all of a sudden that was declared go away and throw a knee instead of waiting on those long lines they got in their car to run them at home. And then the people up there in the panhandle which is more Republican territory. They also probably didn't bother voting because that was just evidently somebody must have forgot that they're on central time up there. In a in Pensacola and I've never you know not heavily populated area but nevertheless in the election this close every votes got a bit count. And everybody has a right to make the vote intelligently and not be swayed by early hysteria panic, a foamated by the media. Shame on them. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes man. Yeah hi. I've said I actually live in West and what I've been Miami down the course. Okay. I've said two days on the telephone and there's NBC. That left better than how many kinds of nurses because I'm really not gonna go or find the neighborhood where I am at. But I myself think of the core of a just a lot of political issues. I'm outweigh. I have friends all over the country that have been calling this yesterday California Pennsylvania New York. Better to own the you know what the heck is going on this down there. But nobody can understand that there are a good community reports of regularities of nationally speaking and I think if we got the public. How many people down there specifically the Palm Beach people which is inevitable that obviously the Calp area is just completely incorrect. Not to mention that I mean if you were here we constantly are hearing about 20 30 40 different irregularities in several counties not just one. And if you've been trying to give us a report on the child to the road. They're already going on a tip that over a half of the margin. Right. Why is it all going on? I mean this can't be a coincidence. No it's not all go. I mean Bush is in fact the Bush in Broward County gained the net of one vote in Broward. I understand that this is good for getting a few votes to every like two and three. Right. Right. But going on and it's going up to counties. I mean they're already coming 35 counties. And so the question is well, who are when you hear back the irregularities for Bush's county on Beach County. Valorant, Valorant, right here in Broward County. 9 o'clock at 9 on a rep to 9. They had their mouth fresh. They were local media people on our local channel 7 years saying that they're standing there to be a wet weather economy in the village. And my father's going to be for 3 and a half hours. I mean this is the second thing the other people in this country would be the population that voted for poor as it stands right now. You know there are questions that need to be answered and just because the national media make a statement. That doesn't make it so I was listening to MSNBC and Chris Matthew says, look, if your people can use in on Beach on the valley, then what else you asked for a statement? Well, I heard a lot of people didn't know that they were confused. They thought this was going to be the right thing. Well, not only that, I heard on three different channels, people calling and so they were working at the election post in Palm Beach County. And they were volunteering in health and people were constantly asking about that question. And they said they didn't have enough people to assist everybody that wanted to ask questions. That's what I want to encourage. And I also want the option said they didn't harm where he was working, so it's all for his success. And because that's how people should punch number, did number for poor. But that was not a wrong thing. Yeah. Okay, so we'd ask staff here to offend us getting real tight. 28 after 11 at 5.50 WQL. But the O'Rotter Show sports radio, 5.60 WQA. Okay, 11.32 of QN. This is great. Waffles brought in the Palm Beach post. Big, big front page with a picture of Bush and Gore. Ballet, bevelom is the headline. Oh! I'm going to meet com, cut bushley from 1776 to 1782. I know where they got that number. But anyway, the current or after the moment number is Bush's head by 799 votes. With 32 counties still to do their recap. They have no seven of the cops in that to do, but I have a opinion it's going to be a lot sooner than that. We'll see if a continues going down and the number two. If a candidate is dwindling and dwindling and dwindling. And you'll notice that the Bush people at no point have said that they'll abide by whatever the findings are. They made some kind of a generalized, the weak statement the other day yesterday. But they have everything you said that will abide by whatever the final decisions are. And now that we got James Baker down here, yeah. Now here is the rally that I'm going to promote. Got a fact that says, a grassroots rally is scheduled for 3 p.m. that they had to town center mall and book of a tone. The location will be in the parking lot facing blades road and front of the restaurant, Friday and street crazy. It's expected that there'll be TV coverage and possible occurrences from Congressman Wexler and or Jesse Jackson, depending on their schedules. The DNC in Washington is reported positively. The purpose is to demand the report and that Bush can't steal this election. None of what has happened past the smell test. And the suspect, I think is what it means is the bomb. So it's subject. It's suspect. Or like Jesse says, if it's foolishness. So that's where Clark at the Boca Town center mall for people that are pissed off and fired up. How's our pull coming? Turned up 50 votes should Palm Beach got to be given another election. 271 at 77.5% said yes. 79 said 22.5% said no. No. And that's where we stand. And they keep counting and counting and counting. And I understand that there's little chads on the back of the paper, Chad on the back of the or tab, whatever you want to call them. On the back of your ballot. Sometimes those things, if you don't punch all the way through, they get stuck. And if they want to go back in flattening out, then your ballot, your vote doesn't get counted. And that's what it would be. And if you look at this Palm Beach county thing again, very clearly because they have the ballot on the front. Front page. It shows you the holes. I mean, this is the spirit's a great picture. The first hole is the Bush hole. The second hole, which you presumably the grow hole is the Buchanan hole. And since the guy called earlier is correct, the instructions of order instructions that they sent out to everybody, tell you to punch the hole to the right. This is the right of the candidates on the second page. But most people wouldn't care about that because it's readily a period of Buchanan and the social estate and the rentals. So I know that somebody cares about that for the most part. So they're focusing in on where they're voting, you their Bush or go and leave them. And I can easily see why tons of people would like to 19,000 people punch both holes there. Because technically the second hole is almost opposite. Gors name and a third hole is opposite. Leave them in the name. And if they're telling it or vote, but to punch the hole to the right of the candidate you're voting for, it's easier to see. I mean, how can you condemn those people? It's maybe a little slow, maybe they're stupid, whatever. But there's nothing else there's you have to be smart about that for damn sure if there's right. I'll allow you, or it'll be kept home on Tuesday. And those instructions to the state of things about the arrows, the red of the arrow by the person. It says, look out for repeat leave. So little arrows. You call a book about and he'll tell you about. I'll also vote for it. Here's a mobile in Northwaterdale. Hello. Hello, me up. Yes sir. I was born in Lace in Toronto. I've been here for five years from a year ago. I became a citizen. Yes sir. How about those leaves? How about them? Kick dashed last night, but anyway. None of those more important than the hockey team right now. Right. Almost. I guess this was the first opportunity for me to vote for Chief Executive Officer, the head of state of the United States. Right. In Canada we vote for the congressmen who then of that party, the prime ministers, the one that we need to speak to the House and that's it. So for me right now, I'm so disappointed that more people aren't really upset across the country. I'm sure that they are. And that people are where from beach has been defaulted over their franchise. And in actual far, you know. At this time of the year being remembered, say coming up in a few days, the mayor to revolution was for the right to have that vote. Right. I would be really pissed off of my first vote went for a, I think I think correct design on the ballot. I think that they should have a re-election or re- vote in, in what's on the county. For all of those people who are voting. Right. Not for everybody else. Right. I think that can be done in that sphere. Sure. It could easily be done because they've got all the ballots and they've got the, they've already, they've pulled or list the names of people and their signatures. Right. People who signed in should be able to come back and do it right. Anyway. I hope it's done right. And go. Thanks very much. And thank you. So norm fact is made a sample ballot. And the instructions that go along with it. And it says to vote, this is in Palm Beach. To vote use the punching instrument attached by change of the automatic. Punch straight down to the hole to the right of the arrow by the candidate or issue of your choice. Do not use any other punching instrument. Is that correct? No. No. No. The ballot is improperly made. The instructions are improper. But don't confuse people with the facts. Because if it came out your way, then you're just going to let suck along with it. So it's one thing and I can only speak for myself. And I'm not trying to sound heavier than now. But the fact is that if it were exactly reversed, if five gram or still a governor, and if it were being done for gore this way. And we're exactly reversed. I wouldn't be sitting here trying to steal the election. Because you've got, and I'm pretty damn partisan. I'm sure all of you know, but you've got to be really just an unwinged. You've got to be out of your mind. They try to support the results of an obviously flawed election. And for voting for dog catcher, okay, a big deal. But we're not. This is five 60. You may have been 17 before a noon at five 60 WDQ. And they're pumping post-editorial ads in their headline. Could a ballot mistake elect President Astorisk? Bush made one white house because of voter confusion over names. And in the middle of it it says the confusing convict ballot combined with a close vote and a flurry of Washington found ballot boxes for the Bush camp, particularly the jet bush wing on the defensive. When Florida Attorney General bought butterworth, a Democrat who's Mr. Gore State chairman in the possible challenge of the Governor Bush in 2002, made the obvious point that both sides need to monitor the recount mandated by law. Frank Himmanager, Bush's deputy chief of staff charge, irrationally, Mr. Butterworth was trying to hijack this process. And play Robert to Jet Bush appointe his state election chief said, we don't need the Attorney General to tell us how to follow the law. Mr. Robert, however, showed his own bias when he claimed problems of the Palm Beach post-Bella had been exaggerated. I don't think they're confused he said, I think they left the polling place and became confused. Does anyone doubt that if the anomaly affected GOP votes that the Bush camp would be the first in line demanding a remedy anybody doubt that? Oh no. And my good friend Howard Kleinberg's better great column here. 124 years to the day, Florida pivotal, Hilden, a haste toldon race in 1876, hands down to be most date counted. It took them 26 days to decide that election between Rutherford B. Hayes and Tildon Samuel Tildon. No Samuel Tildon? No I didn't need it. But at any rate, according to some reports, the New York Hild actually asked in print where the hell is date? Because it was like nobody here did back then. We looked at five people in date and there were a couple people in Monroe and six cows down there, whatever. It was just a Yahoo place, on-shirt. What do you mean was? Here's a mobile-inport waterdale, hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I've got a few things going to get us my child right ahead. Number one in regards to the one who said that the Policist and Policist are disallowed by law barred by law from the 16 voters. Okay, they cannot advise them on food of vote for, they can advise them on instructions. Right. Period. Okay, even talk to Ken and today to just the gore one Florida. He said that those people that you honestly voted for him, those people both who vote should not have counted. They're not gonna stay calm then they okay, they just stay calm. Okay. Secondly, right before the election, the Republican said that it's browners has a 200,000, that a brown has a 200,000 voted damage called woodwinds. Well, brown had a 209 votes voted for an inch. Let's see what else. What else? In addition to the black voter in the candidate and the unbelievable, 19,000 party to vote that are just disallowed, you mentioned about how to do the, the, the, the, the whole have to be to the right of the name. Okay, not to the right. Not to the left to the right. Also, that obnoxious bill rate, beach caller that right wing of the Policist yesterday with that talking about his, his clap, not the overseas vote. Yeah. Well, he just makes up the number of the goes along. Well, it's not 30,000. Okay. It's two or three thousand. We know that. I said that the beginning of the show and any of the many of them have already been counted. And many of them are from Israel. Right. Okay. Okay. Yeah. But you had to watch out because there have been a lot of Jews won't be so becannively. Also, it's very, very suspicious that our, our way to men bushes up to 830 now, they counted three more in our county. 38 of 67 counties with 830 votes. Okay. We are very, very suspicious that blue note and we get 51%. Right. How do you do do we get 36? Right. And we're really looking we get 1% with equal 80,000. And somehow, all those people that voted for Golden Nelson suddenly changed their vote to Bush. A whole bunch of me, I have to believe that. And which really, really suspect are these absentee ballots. Okay. Why may I wish Bush so confident? You know, the exit polling shows that girl was winning. He had a three to three. Yeah. I mean, I've been through all of that. We're just rehashing that time. I don't think we got, he had a three to six point. Right. Well, what he's so confident. I mean, you remember, 19, whatever it took they had it waiting in the wing. Exactly. You remember, 1997, former mayor, Exner, Xavier Sauriz, election was notified because of absentee ballot voter fraud. Good people. Exner, red people like to vote that. He was removed. He was removed. Corolla was with, was, was, was put in place. And so this all thinks snow. And I hope they declare this election. I hope they declare a re-boat and Florida, onion and Palm Beach County. If they don't, if they're, if they're true, if an absolute, okay, take two and a half columns from day. The Bush campaign waits in aggressive campaign together absentee ballots in Miami's little Havana and other Republican strongholds. At the Corolla headquarters of the Bush campaign, a crew of about a dozen people worked together ballots filling out a mailing ballot request for voters calling them to make sure they voted even stamping and mailing the ballots after they were dropped off at the campaign office. Miami Commissioner Joe Sanchez who supervised the Corolla office and said it's crew helpful in about 5,000 absentee votes. And they were most afraid to say, of course. Which is okay. Assuming, of course, that they were all people who were legit in the voters, and they were all like a lie. But that, that generally is a crime. Even Melcana, he may have won the election in Missouri, maybe. But he couldn't have voted, because he ain't alive. Here's Stuart. Hello. Hey, Neil. You know, back to just the Bolish of County for just a second. The Socialist candidate got 19,000 votes nationwide. He got 10,000 in the leadership. Yeah. That's where the switch was made. That's where the fix went in. 10,000 votes from Gordon disappeared and all the sudden shut up for the socialist candidate. Now, on the sample ballot in Palm Beach County, the approval process was invalid. It was like 10,000 now vote difference there to me. There you have it. There's the approval process was invalid, because both major parties approved the sample ballot, not as it was in the booth. The holes were not on the ballot. They approved the holes from this aligned. You both part of. You know, something that's an excellent point. That's a very good point. The holes weren't in there. It was just like the one that was affected either day. And when you see it without the holes, you read it on CNN confused. You know, you see it in the air. Right. And the Democrats and the Republicans were to say, no way, this ballot is totally with the NIFA line holes, there's no way they would have approved it. There's nothing worse than this aligned holes, man. You got it. I'm an attorney and I have done a couple of recounts of, Contesting of elections in Palm Beach County. Right. And I will tell you, it's the way it used to be when Jackie Lynch actually was supervised of elections. We go by ballot by ballot. And you didn't even have to punch it all the way through. We would fight over the way that the little squid had been dented. And the ballot by ballot, they would say, okay, that one counts or that one doesn't. So it's due to the election over again in Palm Beach County. Give us the 10 dollars of votes back in Galicia. And then let's see what happens. And I have some advice for it to reach a rapport. Don't buy a house. You're a big kid. Yeah, do whatever you're election for her, too. Okay. Thank you. Yeah. Four hundred seventeen votes on our poll on Neil Rogers dot com should Palm Beach not to be given another election. Yes, three twenty four. No 93 77.5 percent of twenty two point three percent. Well, there's James Baker who looks about the hundred and ten years old now. A lot of the issues surrounding this recap process. It's, I know the position secretary state is certainly the position of Governor George W. Bush that we would like to see this process carried out in a very transparent, open, deliberate, Yeah, you're pretty transparent. The dishes lay as possible of course. No, the national. Not said enough. But in keeping fully in keeping with the requirements of the law of Florida. We feel quite confident that that's the way the process has been conducted so far. And we're hopeful of course that that's the way it's going to be concluded. Sometimes during the course of the day. Now I'll take a few questions but I can't be too long. I'm sorry. You can't consider Governor George Wilson in an alliance. What point will that come? Well, you're jumping into the game here because we have to... Well, they laid the recap. And then we have to... And, and, and, and, and, and, and, and complaining and recounting a very well depends on what happens with respect to, overseas balance, it depends upon where the party's, where the two candidates stand as the candidate. And they're gonna be responsible for your really keen answer. Oh, that course. We don't know that we do not know that we do not know that this hour the Saturday noon weather is a required waiting for November 17 or not this is a court of Florida law We're dealing with the law of Florida here and we're going to respect it and operate accordingly as as a quite time for the are the officials of the state of Florida and the Gore campaign Okay Jimmy there's old James Baker good old Bush ready and crony 560 50 50 50 50 50 50 and you know something they really pissed me all there they go Now that's they don't have it there how about the MSNBC or moment place Now both of them they take that thing away we know it's James Baker Okay, we know what are you talking about even with the sound on I know what you're talking about Anybody who would like you a bigger than their toenail knows who that is We want to make sure that we don't miss that thing and also how come they're not showing us which counties are sounding in here for the recounts because I'd sure like to know if Penelis is in if Alusia is in which I think is highly suspect at that best and orange county Here's a mobile in western hello Hello, yes sir Got a very simple solution to getting rid of the electoral college Okay, it'll never happen because the Republican know the Democrats will be relaxing every time You make it popular vote only you get rid of the electoral college You first make it a national holiday because here we have a lot for Columbus day which is a dollar college Right, just came here and slaughtered Indians Right, so everybody gets off at the same time to poison these colors to open from 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. or the web code cell for from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. There's no occupations ahead of time There's no counting until all the ball clubs Nice and easy And how about getting rid of these paper ballots getting rid of this okay transporting paper ballots in bags and embosses since we have all this unbelievable technology now What's wrong with doing it computerized where they have a central computer bank where where all the numbers are funneled to there And all the other computers are there's no way to Dick or Lowe ballots and screw them out with the result and you can have it instantaneously as soon as the poll the last voters at tallies you'll be approached to button there's a number and you got what you got It's 30 seconds after the poll close absolutely correct But it will never happen because the Republicans know they'll lose every time Well, I know why you say that because the final popular vote listening is less than 100,000 votes now I mean go down head off. Yeah, but don't forget okay, they've added mass and got a mass like three quarters of the state Right, that's correct. The y'all who's not Wyoming will never approve it two third jessing two turds. Okay God bless it. Well, yeah, you're right Although why would that be because it would seem to be that's back ass The people in Wyoming their voters worth almost nothing now. They got three electoral votes and that would make their votes as desirable somebody in New York In addition to which the people in Wyoming then might actually have somebody besides the vice president Dick who happened to be from there coming and speaking them and the people in Vermont know little states too As opposed now that most of the overall bombing majority of the campaign is done in the big states because that's where the candidates want to get the big chunks of electoral votes So we'll put everybody on the equal footing Makes all the sense of the world just say Mealt to the electoral college 830 that's with 38 out of 67 counties bush leads by 830 votes right now this second this is five 60 U a F For radio five six of the Q a M by heavyboard under there a measly broadcast group station W a M dot com for the world if exactly 12 million five 60 W Q M We got to hand come up to the afternoon. We'll show them. I will know brook for hand-cut to we got being okay We'll give five hook who not long for payment on the six oh god, you are going to believe we got a date Wow, and then any K after that to the buckle look for deeper in a Q a and van on the Sisco gas station quarter one 77 the columns have them on your beach from now till to this afternoon I had the best in the OCDs because that's teachers and those nifty key chains for plan per and with which one of these days We're going to get a new total, but then that's your threat number yesterday So after noon he didn't say which day Now I'm looking again at the wording and you know something now starting to sink in very clearly Because not only the instructions mitigate against the canter any candidates who were on that right hand page in Palm Beach any president or candidates Because there weren't a hole to the right of those names But also when you read the instruction then you look at the ballot again, which is very clearly. There's a really good picture On the front page of the Palm Beach post And it's a devotee use the punching instrument attached by a chain to the automatic punch straight down to the hole to the right of the or by the candidate or issue of your choice And you look and you see that even though there is that arrow would number five, which again that's really technically is the wrong number it should be number four For those those depending on the alignment of the ballot and then the machine, however far down you're stuck it They could have appeared to those 19,000 people where their ballots thrown out that those holes are to the right of the girlly element names because they're all within that box within that space that you're the right of that space Even though it does say singular here Very easy mistake that people could have made Taking us ahead of punch both names in or why don't ask me I have no idea Here's a call in Miami hello Yes sir I just want to make a comment on the people in Palm Beach County There are a bunch of senior citizens that are claiming they will confuse and they don't understand the ballot But this is the same ballot that was published in the paper of the Justice Relation without the holes that were didn't show the alignment of the hole You know there's no excuse for stupidity of ignorance You know this ballot was reviewed and signed up by Mr. Luxury Have you actually seen a ballot with a hole in it? And you don't think it's confusing What about the other thousands of Palm Beach voters? They can't use There may be a lot of people who said that they they're pretty sure they voted right but they were confused and they had to look at it for a couple of minutes Because it was confusing to them not all old people people Well, that you're talking about in an additional which let me point out to you the people who vote the most in Florida are the senior citizens So I'm sure that this wasn't the first time that they voted in their lifetime Well, what was the first time is that they were confronted with a so called butterfly ballot which we're confusing anybody And then the instructions which I just read you again, which somehow you're ignoring I'm sure you heard it the instructions are incorrect Well, listen to me. There's a big influence from Palm Beach County by the Kennedy family Oh get out of here you are crazy person there. What's the influence it may get this man out of somehow get a most straight jacket Big influence in Palm Beach if that's the case that how come they didn't have 50 billion votes? I can't even have a bunch of hell with by a Zillion votes so we wouldn't have to have maybe a recount you idiot Got talk about apparently I can't even deal with them. I'm getting ahead of you from him. Good God Call up Lord ass. Okay. I'm sure that he loved that conspiracy the Kennedy's done it right head yeah 560 560 Palm 560 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line 38 out of 67 counties the recount continues to all afternoon Bush leads by 830 about half a word of a little less than half a what he originally had Here's a mobile and Palm Beach fellow Neil thank you for segment from it a lot stop laughing just there Oh my I'm 41 year old white male and Palm Beach County. Yes, okay I'm a registered I was registered in the pendant Okay, when I went to the polls my wife they would not let her vote because she had not changed her driver's license to our new address Okay, but they did last need votes because I was registered independent and guess what my wife was registered Absolutely and she went to two point places once at the old house I drove her there while waiting to go late to make my son later on again Shower in the old point place for 45 minutes what she went in there and it wouldn't tell her she paid her name and number and collar She could figure out who's okay for oh yeah, listen listen and let me tell you whatever the side was it just hung up sounds like a paranoid We all from my end right this guy the guys up a you take a victim that's calling question For Palm Beach County only and ask them how many people are enamored with the Kennedy's and Palm Beach County by and watch that number be less than one Do know I would even I wouldn't dignify the sky with a response and then just one of the dumbest things and that's a lot of territory one of my dumbest things ever heard That's the one that's what they're running out of the last few balls. They got left off. Oh, they like the Kennedy Amazing you pick it. Good luck. I like the left was 567.0560 palm five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line out of town line 877 75 65 6345 Encouraging them we all encourage people go the polls and vote and 19,000 people one time They went to the polls to vote and they've also been thrown out Now we just then told the William Bailey and Warren Christopher who's also a grosser again in Florida Plants have a new comment in about an hour from now to give their latest version of what's going on Jim Baker in Florida for our gore. I'm sorry. So church W. Bush. It's had a meter one But these seems pretty confident that if the people punch the wrong button on not dollars and from the county You just have to throw it out that's the way we always 70 said and that's what that campaign It's the case of right the news. Yes, we have for the instructions are invalid The instructions are wrong Punch the whole to the right of the era by the candidate or issue of your choice And there were several candidates on the right hand page and there was no Arrow to the pointy right and no hope to the right But don't confuse the people in Palm Beach. I mean we're talking rocket signs up there in Palm Beach County, Teresa Brilliant genius Here's candle hello candle going once Here's a lady in Hollywood hello, or mobile and sunrise somewhere. I don't know where I'm here's a mobile and sunrise Yeah, I guess I just said I wanted to ask you questions for you. I'm so glad that the Democrats are so concerned with Democratic profit The 67 counties of Florida how many divorce went What was that what's in his image that 51 counties and which counties is the Democrats why I re-bode it Palm Beach County the one that's the highest concentration of Jewish voters and All right, it's a y'all I forgot it's a Ted Kennedy and a Jew conspiracy. That's it. I forgot about that the Jew conspiracy Who and who on the most safe push one by far the most state do we like the president on that we like the governor based on who wins the most county I love the way you know it's pathetic I'm not seeing that all Republican people like a bunch of little children, but certainly something to think about Like a little bunch of infants Don't confuse this with the rules or the way the elections work like we got to call me yesterday But all we got 50 the electoral colleges great because we have 51 different elections And I said we'll miss that mean that we'll be a vote for governor that we have 57 different elections with the 57 counties And he said yeah God So if the Jew and its the Kennedy Are the Kennedy Jewish Irish Jews Eight minutes after they're in the 560 WQM The Neo Roger show sports radio 560 You So Joe has already just said different month office advice or I sound nasal I'll tell you what tell you what I'll do I'll do a George W Anyway, we have nothing new to report as far as the Tally's concern Bush is still a had by a hundred and thirty votes Nobody has any idea how many of those overseas ballots are coming in the gut to November 17 About eight more days to get them all in That's the law that's the deadline because I pointed out before a lot of those were some I'm not going to say a lot some of them already came in and were counted on election night So nobody knows nothing And the business about the way that the absentee ballots are handled in this state is mind-boggling to me Because how can there not be a Tally somewhere somehow? How can as the election is going on the supervisor of the election saying Well, it could be not just a half a minute it could be like almost a million absentee ballots Well, how is it not possible to know how many have been distributed? Who knows? Here's for waterdale. Hello Okay, he likes the guy said by before ignorant there's no defense You have the opportunity to pull your ballot out Find out what number you punched and match it up with your ballot Walk over to the lady or man tell her you made a mistake The better you're bound if you're amazing You're missing the points that most of those people didn't know they made a mistake Well, then how do they know they did make a mistake if they don't know? Well, certainly the big cannon voters in the state even he himself Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, don't confuse anybody's got the facts You don't like what's going on now because you want to be so see I hate to break the news here But the American public people of good conscience of any party people of good conscience are going to let either candidates see only election and broad daylight And it's interesting that black and Jewish votes I mean, maybe that's just a coincidence they seem to be the ones that are being stolen and big numbers They're the attempt going on here in the state of Florida whether it's a loser county whether it's Palm Beach County And guess what they're not too many Jews and balloons you county and the candidates don't live their either So come up with all the conspiracy stuff you're like a bunch of little children like I said before if you don't get your way And it works like you probably will get your way, but if you don't get it easily if we just don't hand over the keys to the kingdom and say here you go You're wine like a bunch of little kids And also don't confuse you with the facts like the fact that it's repirious very and and judges legal legal experts are going to have to make the decisions on this the court will have to decide One of these ballots for legal whether they were misleading And again, if you have even the slightest of reaffirnest because your candidate is the guy who said, oh we want to bring back decency and morality back to Washington, yati, yati So if you really have any degree of fairness any any slight spirit of that in any fiber in your body Then you to agree that everybody out there who was registered had a legitimate right to vote now if they were stupid If that was it just stupidity Then I say you're right You think there were 20,000 people really that stupid that they put both holes in there and if you look at the ballot is easy to see why if you look at the ballot with the instructions it's very easy to see why You know a few people maybe a few old the answers they can be stupid or they can be seen over they can have bad eyesight But to try to tell us not that 23,000 people were stupid because the votes was this in franchise and it didn't go the way you like Pretty obvious pretty transparent the quote James Vicker. It's transparent I'll see what he's saying around we began the day at 941 But lead then it went all the way down to 790 now We're crossing that out now it's an 830 lead. We can tell you that 38 of the 60 seven counties Have been counted so far We are expecting these five o'clock deadlines today, but at the time all the recounting is done however We prepared to go much longer than that. Why to read to you the latest news We've received the NBC News reporting how would the overseas ballots be announced because there are a great many of them more than a thousand A 40 more than a hour to the head of the elections division in the night more than a thousand The ballots have to be received through the 10 day window You know, the most marked military from the date They don't know that on they the state will not certify the count from the overseas ballots until that 10 day window For receiving them has expired however he does add that each and every county on its own In deciding what they want to do on this issue some counties may announce the count of the overseas ballots When they receive them on an on going basis in other words We might be getting those overseas absentee ballots and an updated count day by day Who knows maybe even hour by hour? Okay great So Just put yourself up on the edge of the seat don't fall in your eyes that's my suggestion Here's a lady in Hollywood hello Yes, man I found out my ballot cards with different kind of most people And found out by this guy you know Hollywood and Hollywood How's that possible? I would present because it was so confusing Taking bushing go and be cannon and I found out because my husband is in the bus right beside me and his card with the Like everybody else is with a hunch out a straight across and bush Yeah, and straight across and go Mine was not like that. I was listening to you show on the way back to say from gravity and the lady that card you and says she thought she voted for you cannon But she was in Palm Beach She was in Palm Beach Well mine has little holes right in the middle all cranes together They were not a car from the president And if you went straight across and go to the first hall There was no numbers on the control Although I didn't you go and ask for another ballot They were not in no idea and just I hear people call your show and say in the card with confusing I was confusing in Palm Beach they used to completely different ballots for the presidential election I was present since Tuesday and Wednesday though it's confusing I can't believe they don't have it on TV And to find out my husband explained to me said draw me a picture of it That drew him a picture he said that's not what my card was He said the controls were separated straight across from the president And when I heard people on your show saying that with confusing I see they had the same card I had that there's spread around Because I your first reaction was the first straight across and he passed the first one with a big brush And then you and then it has a big number three by gold's name And as well the third then you have to count down because I don't know Okay, I understand you're a paranoid and your psychosis, but mother I can do about it now I mean I understand people are very upset they want to make sure their vote was counted and that it was right But CNN just says that Florida law states that the holes on a ballot must be on the right Maybe that's why they put you can't over there on the right like a far right Let me say that again CNN just announced Florida law states the holes on a ballot must be on the right While the holes on the ballot for the presidential election on the right In Palm Beach County? No, no, absolutely not So it's the can really darker in darker for the forces of darkness I can tell you that right now Because it looks more and more like these were unacceptable ballots that were in violation of Florida law in many respects Here's okay, hello Yes, sir, I know a couple of regular couple comments one is When I've ever heard the Republican In mysters talk about the absentee ballots the OBC ballots, especially the military Every cocky man, they say well, they even pass they pretty much gone to the Republicans because of the military But unless I have this something every prime I see pictures of our military is a lot of Afro-American Who are part of our military? So I'm not really sure where the point is they tend to be more Republican however I'd like to point out that there were 2300 OBC's ballots in 96 that actually came in almost half of them went to Clinton In addition to which there are some quotes from people over who were overseas when they mail their ballots right back now Some were Jewish there are many people overseas in Israel There are this isn't just military, they keep trying to make it sound because they figure if they talk it up they're going to convince you when to it Like it's all the military, these two or three thousand votes whatever they were over there And they just got through saying they're about a thousand left and out in But there are wide variety of people, they're tourists who are traveling abroad or by trips scheduled during the election And military people and all kinds of people The margin in that vote isn't likely to be all that great And although even a couple hundred little naked different now, but it's not likely to be that great The other thing is people are criticizing the voters in Palm Beach County being senior citizens and having a You know problem with their minds and with their ability to see properly on the on the Pination Pretty correct, interviewed a whole bunch of young and middle-aged people Some of them very well educated, very bright And many of them on the show this morning stated they had the same problem And the same difficulty show for people to put the onus on the senior citizens This has gone across the ages in terms of well, you know, you know something I just learned like some of the light bulbs just let up over my head I'm looking at this ballot on the front because they got a full color picture I'm not that it's black and white, but still it's a color picture of the ballot and the holes in the front of the Palm Beach post And you can see just by looking at it that this is an illegal ballot because you can enforce the There listed his number for there on the top of the right page the arrow is pointing to the left and the hole is directly to the left That's in violation law, Florida law, saying again, and this was just reported by CNN says that the holes had to be to the right of the names on the Florida ballot One other thing real quick, you may have said it already so excuse me if I'm repeating it He's cannon was interviewed this morning and he stated on I think on the today show He stated that he does feel that the folks that went to two to two to double with the him, yeah Should really have gone to go and so of all people see it now is it we got there. That's right. Thank you Okay, thanks. So I guess the worst people really are coming again, huh? Oh 24 pass no and it's 560 W to Q a n No changes Okay, so I'm going to call you He always brings me something to gag on If he's a crap that Peter Leonard gag on this Peter Here's Naples, so on Yeah, what is it? It can form the four to set you the ball the whole have to be on the right hand side of the candidates name. Yes, then what are they going to do with the Spanish page? It's on the right side with all the arrows going to the left Beach main well, God makes it that means all the other counties got to throw out all the ballots Yeah, well, let's just do the whole thing all over again. Well, I'd like to meet explainer He is there in the Hispanic palace in the hall Almost every other county is the Hispanic palace on the right hand side of the page of the year is going to the left Bobby damn Sounds to me like Florida don't know how to do a lesson But if they if they're going to go by a streak a strict legal definition according to four to statutes and none of the ballots are valid Okay, thank you What's he trying to say? 560560 and how come we got ballots in this some other language? A lot of people are going to be answering that question is there any reason why we should have ballots in some other language? Oh, course not Here's what it says that voted in Tommy's claim. They have any difficulty out of you And there's another one says we were all there putting on a mess in BC and the Democrats are saying one thing that you'd expect the Republican version the opposite that you'd expect And you see a lot of people did leave there without any idea on suspecting that maybe they points to wrong thing the obvious the answer was That's a tally for the cannon showed that problem forget about the 19,000 that they threw out that's another issue But the 3400 votes of which at least 3000 more bogus in Palm Beach at least Most of those people weren't even aware what they had done And I remember that on Tuesday on election day that one woman from Palm Beach County, calling I'm sure if you were listening you remember she was hysterical and she you know I got frustrated because I couldn't relate to what she was talking about because unless you see the ballot where the holes are and unless you live in Palm Beach and you vote on that kind of a butterfly ballot you can't you can't envision it But she was apoplectic and rightfully so And I'll say it again. You don't have that time when there are that many people lined up and that's then that's you can't paint many of precinct workers Most of whom are over the age of 100 sitting around there was one campaign guy in Brown yesterday We're talking about the fact that they told us to call headquarters election headquarters and if anybody had a problem or we couldn't find them and they kept calling all day long and getting busy signal and could never get through to find out if these people had a right to vote or not 26 passed no in at five 60 W to Q and There's a thing Oh, my friend That's loaded up manning And it's been my lunch box So when I take it and I take a thing old but I don't know what they mean from But you're the same, alright Okay, call up that. That's the wrong cut I did 795 is the new kind of just got cut by another That's what how many now 45 though 45 out of 67 795 22 counties to go. Do we know what counties they are? Oh, let's see what we let's see what the bozo is saying around in the same bus Palm Beach County that rally being held outside The Palm Beach County courthouse and these seats on Melville joins us there live so on We are expecting Reverend Jesse Jackson who arrived momentarily but I have to tell you this is ground zero This is the epicenter of this ballot controversy that has really ripped our time toll on three hours and keeping here are angry There are hundreds of protesters that are outside of the governmental building here at Palm Beach County And they want to make it known as they do not believe that they're both They're both They also believe that they're going to take the choice First of all, 19 now about double counts as you mentioned and they feel that because we're both responsible out that they are different landsby You realize this But Jesse, for getting about anything else Assuming that there's recounts things about the same the next point to counties and bushwind by a few hundred boats Forget about the 19,000 To punch two who you know in ballots were tossed out Forget about the overseas ballots because there are less than a thousand so it will be counted If you just take the 3000 Grab votes that went to be canon, game over And then of course you also have the 19,000 in some odd Who's balanced were tossed out Because of the same confusing illegal ballots in Palm Beach County With incorrect instructions Here's a mobile and competent, hello The networks called go about nine o'clock And obviously they were right because of the exit polls I think about 10 to later one Tencent is already five minutes later the whole bushland which is seen in the whole town There's a pack of bags go back to the government mansion Where they know the phone war is on tap And then next today at the first conference they asked you what did you do when they called Florida Going down on them In the central I got to say we are closed We believe jab? No, we don't believe it for two seconds we'd like 560, 560, 560, what I got some crowd up there outside the courthouse in Palm Beach They are forming at the mouth Palm Beach County Revolved that's what they're saying Revolved They're screaming and they're waving Organizations that they wanted to get this message out And self-declout the government jacket would help them And we are expecting that it will be here within a minute But clearly a lot of them The sign is as 19,000 MIAs Let me find that thing you did for that rally of three Last year it's rally scheduled for three PM at the Town Center Mall in Boca today And the parking lot facing the Great Jordan front of the restaurant Fridays and Stuart Crazy It's expected to be TV coverage possible appearances from Congress and Robert Westerland or Jesse Jackson The heading under schedule the DNT in Washington has responded positively It says the man and gay revote in Palm Beach Here's Miami, hello I just wanted to make a few points The gentleman who called that person sounded like he was about to have a hard attack About the fact that people voted for Bush and then they were votes for Nelson I'm a ticket splitter and although I voted for Bush because I thought he would be better nationally I thought that Nelson would better serve the interest of Floridians For people to imply something fishy is going on there I know from my own personal experience I voted for a gram But I've also voted for Jeff Bush Oh god Well I know, but I mean you know at least I don't go straight down the line Like mine was a time of time and just I understand that it just seems strange I mean a 5% different teams like a pretty significant amount We can know the other point I wanted to bring that was Although I do think that some people voted for a BTN and that meant to vote for Gore If there was that misleading considering over 200 and some thousand people voted for Gore You would think that a much larger proportion let's say 50 or 100,000 people But you're narrowing it down to the 3000 she actually there were 23,000 who voted for BTN But but 19,000 also voted for Gore Both of those buttons both of those holes for the right of Gore's name So what they were doing is voting for Gore and you can unvittingly Well I'm not a skook and I don't mean to interrupt you but if I'm not mistaken They haven't determined that those 19,000 that had too much all were you can and and Grrr some of them are very well been a whatever they were I agree with it, but they punch too whole I'm trying to tell you the coin and I'm going to vote for Gore I should read to you Well that's why there needs to be a revolt I'm not saying we ought to assume it and just say okay here We're going to hand in those votes of course not those people I've ever wiped out their vote counted Although was there heavily black here is one of them And what I think is that on the issue of a revole although I don't see or the Bush is win if he didn't legit and we get the verb one I never know however my fear as somebody who voted for Bush would be that the major voters who buy in large arm or liberal They would be able to come back and go ahead and punch for Gore as opposed to their original votes for native Yeah, so another word to me to back home Yeah, he's a valid right with Monica more head than whatever but they now know that their native vote over they should know that it's from the very beginning Yeah, no chance winning right, but they're very now can affect the election where the four they probably didn't even consider their vote valid other than a protest vote against the two major parties Well by the same token all those thousands of people who supposedly voted for Buchanan over 3000 of them If they really wanted to vote for Buchanan they can vote for now in the young or they can vote for Bush If they will Jim I say let's find out what people really meant to vote and not not decide a presidential election based on a confusing and technicality I agree and it's a shame that it's come down Of course that's for that's the ineptitude and this thing we can't do anything right here Okay, thanks 45 out of 67 counties do we know which ones they are? I mean I can't listen to the audio all the while, but it doesn't obviously not because they're just not announcing it Which is really stupid because if a loser county, this is one example is still out there or a Penelis county And I don't know if they what that deal wasn't put out, I'll set down three strings to make You missed that they were recounting a late yesterday and they are first turned over the results saying that the go ahead picked up about 500 and Bush had lost 40 He had 40 fewer than originally thought then they said oh wait a minute, we found some other ballot said we didn't count So we won't give you the number of token tomorrow when goddally knows moving here. There's doubt has no idea Here's a call from my any hello. Hello. Yes sir. How are you doing here? I do in here. Okay, okay, doesn't mean this is to the point that yeah, that you want to get in here 21 before one at five sixty w q a New Roger show sports radio five sixty A The where are the exploding ball? 17 to one a q and this is a great in marine doubt to column. This is sensational She says all these cyclo dramas boiled over on election night bill watching in a suite of the height as he waited to go downstairs with Hillary was furious all over again about for not deploying him better and breaking on the record more Alan Maxwell was just as mad as bill because exit polls confirmed that the president was a big drag on the Democratic ticket Hillary was so at bill for some reason or all reasons and made no attempt to hide her chilling in some Tuesday Which must have made bill so at her giving all the great advice that he gave her that help to her at last get along perched of her own The bushes were so driven by Clinton president they had poured jab under incredible pressure to deliver But Mr. girl called the government 330 this morning to retract the gas concession W. you're saying new one the election because jab told them so Let me explain something Mr. War actually like to let you w you're younger brother is not the ultimate authority on this So like you had heard but of course we didn't know the details the Second call not the one from grossing. I'm going to conceive the delay to one saying guess what I changed my mind was it on a plus exchange And there's W you know that kind of general compassionate George W saying I know I won because my little brother told me so And he knows because he knows where the bodies are buried and where the dead people are who voted more all his Fc ballots came from and Yadi Adiyani Here's a mobile and pepper time to know and yes yes sir number one Thank you for being a shop we're shedding in this banana republic. I offer the no jb Thank you and also Is there any phone number or email address that we can call or write the Democratic National Committee Not to concede until everything is gone through the call All that that's do you have to worry about that. They're not going to do that now. Have no fear All right, well then we'll have to kind of write this time more inquisitiveers down here with the any three eagle eyes I hope you say the like okay, okay, I'll tell you a Pokemon ribs 40 find out I'm going to tell us which counties they are because if so enjoy the bush wings Without getting the name to talk it about the outcome could fuel new calls to outright abolish the electoral college. Yeah, we agree. Okay These guys they just they slay me like a bunch of little chillin But it's like what's your name and big-done school if that was an in Francis Horowitz thing down school She was talking little kid, but these people they talked to the bad. Maybe that's why the public acts like little kid because the media deals with them like the little kids 567560 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line Here's a lady more than my any hello I knew yes, man. Thank you I'm trying to say unlike the last woman I know that I'm not paranoid I voted it for six nineteen which is on Center of city Sunset Drive east of US one and I had the butterfly ballets and I knew that my was different because my boyfriend voted within a half an hour or so when I voted it He voted in coconut growth so I was unincorporated day he would city of Miami and I was discussing how about it's a different and so it wasn't only left home beach I haven't heard anyone else talking about that and which concurrency but I'm not crazy. I just wanted to let you know okay, I think maybe the whole state needs to be vote Um, definitely what's called these deserve it. Thank you. Well, thanks. We're not by that's our poor question today should pop each cat to be given another chance another election 543 votes already 419. Yeah 77.1% no 124.2% So absolutely not we won we got it and the quit whining go with the sour grapes Now this is interesting in the Palm Beach post and they're talking about the recount in Palm Beach County last night It's as part of goes increase came from preaching 29 E which came up empty on Tuesday But showed 308 gore votes and 23 bush votes on Wednesday The preaching is near the fountain community a jog and lake worth roads They results of the forwarded of the state division of election. He airy here and that it came up empty. There were no votes allegedly at all there on the election night But then on Wednesday gore had three 68 and bush 23 How convenient just like those votes in Valuesia County just like those 10,000 votes for that what was his name again? They got a number of the Palm Beach born. Yeah. I don't know a fuse Howard Hughes Whatever the hell his name was. Chapsky coming pick up. Yeah Look at that not be showing the 1824 bit of care about 1824. Okay. We want to see some numbers now. We want them now. We want to know what those going on or else You crazy bastard in the media Here's plantation. Hello Yeah, I was just wondering if I'll go to win the recount. Do you still want to have a new vote? Me one if I'll go or win the three count. Why not? Why not in Palm Beach and in one out of course. So we should still write just in Palm Beach Because that's where the dispute is in Palm Beach. Why do you have to have them people across the state that will also have power? Because the ballot in Palm Beach was the only butterfly and if you look in your in your pants, maybe you'll find a butterfly Okay, rabbit real quick before it gets away Get you a little net You should put butterfly kisses. Yeah, I was thinking about that funny mention. I was thinking about playing that The butterfly ballot. I've heard a butterfly in a steak But not a butterfly ballot because butterfly and I hear something that's why they do it in Palm Beach because the people in Palm Beach like it because it's free butterfly is free And if you can put it's free, I don't want to start attacking your Jews in Palm Beach I don't just absolutely necessary Oh, I'm not looking at this. What's that? Got a bunch of crazy people are police of protests there. We'll keep an eye on it. We got some British people more broad than these kids I'm going to home side babies. Oh, like I said, these were public and just slay me And we still are parents square and you're not going to get those votes. Okay, no matter what that you do, we still a third square Man Like I said, I hit it right in my thumb right on like a bunch of little children like a fruit fight in the cafeteria and junior high school Here's plantation hello Yes, sir. I just want to call and say about coming about that you guys that said about the Spanish ball Yeah, what it shows earlier in the US and the city they had the supervisor relations from up in Tampa Yeah, in she shows because they have that Spanish ball On the right side, we're on our side and sorry You're English and directly across is in Spanish Or you know, if it's British, it's in English on the left and Spanish on the right Yeah, and only one punch hole So there can't be any confusion on that type of thing Yeah, right, but still technically not legal about the least is not confused Well, the good idea for the Spanish people, you know, counties that were heavily with the Spanish people Yeah, I guess that's an awful lot of hoax and big county, we're just going to have to throw out Yeah, but in the other county, you know, they just don't know I think I think all of his I mean I realize that his Panics are on the left of the state, but in big county we realize that there was that question about the F&D ball So I think that the fairway to decide that is to take all the Spanish folks in big county and when it does just throw them out Yeah, let's have an ethnic food fight We got the blacks and the Cubans and of course the old Jews, you know something this when it come right down to it This is like a And mirror of the state of Florida It's like a microcosm of our entire lives here in the scattered forsake in state The old Jews, the blacks and Cubans, who really even out who didn't get them into this Well the crackers are the round of crackers there's you know, they're running them out with their signs there more dirty tricks They've busy to back with their sheep today their sheep was lonely on election day Tuesday They gotta be back and keep in company today. Okay, don't worry about the crackers Here's a call from Palm Beach, hello Oh, yes sir I've just heard of all your lives and we haven't come see us by the way, quite a few minutes Yes, sir listen the what are they anyhow? I've ordered for bush the balance I mean I have any problem however I can see where a lot of people by having been mistaken I think we should have another relation in Palm Beach County, right? But by the same talking meals I don't think there's that many Republicans hanging out in West Palm Beach So why I mean I'm not trying to be a cynical so if all these 19,000 close you can't even say that That means go one we're no power to him. Why should I vote again if I know that you know go one which fine Well, but that's not a good way to look at it I mean if you want to just you know he he he he he certainly not gonna concede while he's ahead See you radically and the numbers they got now and why should you tell him that's not right But as you see where I'm coming from I mean I know I don't know I mean I'm I'm unless you that look wrong about George Bush, I mean I don't understand it Well, there's a few words that I have to be realistic. Okay, I think I should say the middle good point And if they do have a real action in Palm Beach I think you're right the Bush people probably should all stay home Well because you know it's a Italy based on the one in West Palm excellent point of the go All right, thanks. Okay. Don't you think that's a real good idea? Let's have the Bush people stay home That day because it's a numbers game baby. I mean if they have a real lecture and recon They're not gonna be able to stick around with those voices They're gonna they're gonna have more Christopher down there and gentlemen We know's gonna be there with her real friend and they're gonna be watching it like crazy. That's right They're gonna be there with Billy Crab's baby They're not gonna put up with anymore this crap this Jeff Bush crap and Jeff Bush beer and hell with it There's a bunch of bush shit Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. Oh, I get good One of Bethesma remarks was saying that I voted for Gore Here's the sign actually we've been bush-wacked I'm gonna be very disappointed if you lose this election. But listen to me. Yes, we probably disagree on this I see that now it from Palm Beach Three or four times. Yes, there's no way we walk in and that booth I'm gonna make that mistake I think the people that did or either careless you just not that great You know what when I go to the level Let me take this thing you have to be right devoted Americans that a requirement. Oh, this to me when I go into the voting booth I'm expecting you know to really bear down to put my thinking cap on a scrutinized language It is proposal and really really focus, okay? There's no way I'm making that mistake, but that's neither here nor there. If we're excuse me if Gore loses this election Okay, I don't think you should I don't think it's a McCarthy party should you I don't think they should put this country through a protracted legal battle The manning new elections better So in other words, you're not just about forgetting about just about you're not just about all the other irregularities and the eight boxes are ten No, I think those are big Republicans in conspiracy to screw this up in You know what I think it'll show a class on Gore's part If you don't know where you're doing your remedy, you'll clear why is it so important for him to show class And just hand the election over to somebody who went into fix why is that important? The better for this country, no one is going to say that If you're willing to hand over to George Bush to keep the kingdom and let him appoint fear force Supreme Court justice We're not just talking about what's going to happen for the next four years. We're talking about what's going to happen the next 40 or 50 years So if you're that group woman you're that week, then I don't I you know we're entitled and you're talking about the people being careless about those people What about you you're like the other guy that who you're just called before you Or he already threw in the top why vote for Bush because of they have a reelection and you know something the fact of Batman called I'll say there's a leech He's honest that who little from our from more would help Wellington Because he knows damn well, that's just a hell of a lot more Democrats in Palm Beach See the point that he's missing the election in Palm Beach isn't going to shine the state All by itself Not like who wins Palm Beach, but of course it's by how much it adds to the total floor of vote you only get the votes in the state of Florida if you win a popular vote by one So natural I mean just common sense repetitive if you're for Bush You're every single vote that he gets is crucial because the margin will be the difference We don't know right now how much your bush is going to wind up being ahead if at all when they finish the recount here and after those other mysterious outer space ballots Confoding down this is five six feet 2 a f 4 30 5 60 w a m by having for the other day a measly broadcast group stage W 2 a m dot com or the world one of the questions you am it's so long to see Not too pretty to say to know there's going to be a federal court hearing to address possible border irregularities in Florida I like that federal court hearing Now somebody facts me channel 10's website click 10 dot com and it says they have updates of the week count from each county with the original vote was a but I can't I got their website on your now, but got only those where the hell it is on their news page please whoever facts this to me tell me where to find it maybe you can find it I just don't have time to deal with Here's a great facts from my Morris in Miami who says Throughout your executive bushes presidential campaign promised that a vote for him will be a vote when politics is usual In speech after speech in almost every TV ad he vowed to restore honesty and integrity to national politics and to be a healer not a divider Now with a presidential election hanging in the balance is a unique opportunity to put his principles where his campaign rhetoric has been It's become painfully apparent that perhaps as many as 20,000 voters in Palm Beach County have had their votes invalid it is a result of a confusing ballot And that those votes would have gone overwhelmingly to vice president Gourd if Bush wins the recon as the dishwriting is still on clear whether he'll prevail and the voters in Palm Beach County are deprived of an opportunity to have their votes count the way they intended Governor Bush will be awarded for his electoral votes and the election in that event who has to accept the president in T. New England for well That's safer confusing ballot in Palm Beach County would have lost the election His presidency would be tainted by the country's realization that he achieved it by workfully disregarding the actual intentions of thousands of Palm Beach voters many of them older and firm And Jewish As unpalvable as that scenario is if the governor hadn't promised it put it into politics is usual if it just work and say when the election parents square that politics is usual and politics is usual Big takes that it doesn't matter how you win as long as you win. Can you find that? Oh, but the governor is promised to be still honestly an integrity to politics and that is precisely his dilemma He is hoist by his own rhetorical guitar if he truly is the man of principally purports to be then he should refuse to accept the tainted election A man of integrity would demand the original election results in Palm Beach County be invalidated and a new special election be held If both truly wishes to be still honesty and integrity to government let him put his words into action Let him do the honorable thing in demand a special election if it does if he does it will Rebound to his credit and vote well for his political future in the future of our country if he does not he proves beyond that all about that despite his rhetoric It is just politics as usual nice going out more say my answer we find it We're having trouble loading it score score. Oh, God Maybe somebody will be facts. Maybe we have a fact me that thing about the channel 10. Do you find where to find it or not? It's just not just Okay What do you mean 66 counties we don't have 56 counties? Channel 10 let's to be count begin Yeah But it's not going there It's trying maybe there's eight million people on the mirror should have kept my malture Okay, well we'll find it because that that's really the key is to find out we know that there 45 of the 67 counties that have re-boded are re-accounted And 795 is the lead for Bush at this point but we just don't know which of the counties we're huh? There's nothing there Well, like I said please read this what the guy facts, municipal final orders Okay, where we go and here's a lady in Miami hello Lady in Miami Yes, man, just a comment on the challenge of the Ford statue thing that the ballads that you have to be the right head shot And that gentleman saying that a Spanish one is to the left right. I hope somebody is searching the forwardest statue to see if they address that particular issue as far as Conflations are concerned and for the probability instructions in Spanish to those people would be that vote to the your left So I hope somebody's looking to that because that's a real challenge And I think the only hope we have is in court and that is real bad if it doesn't hold up Well, all I know is that the one in Palm Beach I have a right in front of you the instructions the voting instructions say to vote use the punching instrument attached to the chain to the by chain the automatic punch straight down to the whole of the right of the euro by the candidate or issue of your choice And there's no Spanish translation from the other side no, not a lot of prombeaks no okay, so then maybe we do have a we do have a camp with that Regardless of the Spanish thing. Yeah, I don't think this Spanish things are going to come into play. Okay, good those are not disputed votes. Okay, thanks. Thank you. Bye bye. Okay, we are we're doing anything. I'm looking at the fact machine. Nothing coming. What does that piss me off? Because in clearing minds including mine one to know I want to see if the loses on there. I want to see if Penelas ever showed up. I'm not talking about the mayor. I mean the county Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, sir. No, how are you doing? Good. Is it American? Yeah, I'm out here. It's an empty tree and this like south of the people protesting right there for a court out in what Palm Beach going eight shot man. They're just delusin it. Yeah, the people are a lot of them. They're not here in the city out there. Just discriminated. I'm wondering when the West can be please I'm going to be the capital and if they can't, what I'm going to call them, I could take County in the city. Police, go ahead and be the crowd. Okay, say how they're going to give a big kiss. Five six and I don't see anybody. You know, a waitment of the same thing and then not show which county. I don't see anybody setting any buildings on fire, starting any fires in the streets. There are people who are assigned. They're marching and protesting and making some noise. That's the American F and Way pal. We're in the lesson. We're not working traffic. They're not screwing up anybody's life throughout their way they belong in the front of the federal courthouse there at Palm Beach. Not blocking off the McCroth that cause way or doing any of the other ablin things that we've done down here. So, I argue, sir. Cazin they follow non deaf ears by everyone in the Saudi it's with a brain larger than a bad bearer. And guess what, we're talking about a presidential election, not about a custody challenge between a father and a son. But don't confuse you with the fact. And Ali on OG, you know something? I wonder if he had his happy meal today. Christ, he had his own happy meal. Here, here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Neil God, yes, sir. This gore a bushwood net election over there in Washington. Over there in Washington? Yeah, what do you mean by that? Didn't you wash her in the south and gore carrying the north? Sure. I don't know. Get it, get some help. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. And by the way, Washington, World One and Bullock, Washington DC and Washington AC and state of. Here's mobile in Fort Myers, hello. Okay. If you look at the ballot, the example ballot, and you see the arrows, the moment the no holes. It's pointing at the line that separates the candidates, the different parties. You see it pointing to the line. No way, I got to find it. Yeah. Well, the one that I have with no holes on it is just pointing. If you pointed it at or is on a line, okay? Yeah. Which is good. Okay. But there's no holes there. And if you look at the real one, you see that the arrow is not only below the line now, along the hole, but the arrow is also further to the right. It's the leader's a greater distance. So it's off screw. The arrow is right over against the edge of the page. As opposed to the ones on the right hand page, which the arrow is about an eighth of an inch to the right. It's just a clamp. It's just inconsistent. It's always screwed up. And I'd like to put a request. And if you could find it, I don't know if you played a sense to your left or right hand. And maybe you should rename it or sit on a ballot box and go right. Okay. Thank you. Thanks. Not a bad idea. There are a lot of blinds sitting on a ballot box and go right. Excuse me. Okay. Here's another one that says, go to. Here it is. Thank you. God bless you. You said I have a box here around here on the internet. As of 1250, as of 20 minutes ago, the county shaded in yellow. Oh. Oh. She didn't yellow. Have already answered the recounts. What the hell does that mean? The one shaded in yellow, of course, you did black and white. But at least it's got the numbers there. So I mean, I think I even I can figure that out. Now let's see. Which are the ones who are concerned about others? Another page? Well, I would play. Okay. Let's look at the counties that are still yet to come in. What it was when I was concerned about Penelas. Penelas is not in there yet. Penelas is not in there. Uh-oh. And Valugia. Valugia is not in there yet. George. Valugia is not in there yet. So. Back to yourselves that tried, baby. What about Orange County? Orange County in there yet? No. Orange County is also not in there. You know that corridor over there that I floor corridor? Wow. Oh no, wait, but we have a new is this a new one? 793. What was it before? A moment ago, we shamed 795 two votes here. 46 out of 67 counties. It's now 793 down from 795. But I point, Haitian to point out that the counties were its possible. There's a big change at least. Last night, we were led to believe that Penelas is maybe a 4,500 vote change. They're not in yet. So we have 21 county to go yet. God, this is not the two of your kishki down. I'm a mother. I just said that it's a move. Oh. My wife just did corridor the floor. She drives my door. She drives my feet tall. I'm living right with her. No way. I said I didn't believe it today. So I'm just sitting on a bench and going. Rating for the only test you take me away. All I'm just sitting on a bench and going. Good night, Penelas. When I was 14 today we committed to staying for a long time. One day our first meeting could be aSINGING imbr engraved and rose��ed, she says we still get ready to stay вот like any Monday's before we head off in town on a train on theגsun and knife jays like the Italian lady got crushed in my soup! What future do you have my wife won't leave me alone. Why are they hurt for me? We've talked to Oma and I never waited. I just lined up, stepping through the morning again. I saw I zip like a adventure bell ring. Please ignore the lovely past that takes me away. Oma, we've just seen one of adventure bell rings with my feet running. I'm never in this. I'm trying to place me all the empty space with a beautiful place. And we're all used to it. I do. Okay, I was something really interesting because there are, I'm trying to count the number of counties on here. And thanks for passing me this couple of people, thanks for, from the Sun's Channel website. And there's some counties where they have like dashes in the area in under Bush and Gorg, Gorg change in Bush change. So I'm assuming now that maybe that means that they work out and there's no change because the other ones are blank. But I'd have to add them up to be sure if it comes out to 46 or what it is. I don't know. What it is, Gorg. Let me just count the ones where there's a number in there. 246, 810, 1214, 1618, 2022, 2425, 2729, 3133. Now there are two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10. 11. Yeah, I guess that's it. So the illusion is in there. The illusion has been counted and there's no change. And what if you don't want to look at that? Penelas? Penelas is not in there. That's going to be a big one. If it stands as the way it was last night. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. You know, in all countries, you don't know area of the country. We were told by the male carrier that four boxes were left behind. And there's a night of the election in the African American area. And I don't know if there were sent out for what it was. But I sent them as they were off to the coming of this district. So I didn't know that I heard from the male carrier that four boxes were not sent up. And I mean, that's when they were actually not that she's never hoppin'. And then the second thing is that they're talking about the army, you know, ringing in these votes. And all the folks, the whole election George Bush picked talking about the army. He's going to listen that to the other, the Kaini blah blah blah. And the Americans seem to have a very short memory that it was the Kaini who caught this down side of the army and caught everything right after the Gulf War. He was the one responsible for all the army going down to nothing. Yeah, I want you to try and live up to his men. And he's trying to come back now and say that they want to do so much for the army. And if the army brought it for a listing, they would realize that our goal is that he was going to send 10 million dollars more than George Bush on the army. And so these two oil flickers, you know, if they get him, we're going to have oil all over the White House lawn. Amen. So we're going to be up to our ears in oil. And then I wouldn't be surprised, you know, is the backlash of the alien thing with the Cuban votes, you know, with Cuban massia. A few Republic clans had something to do with all this. Okay, I'm sure, I think that's where we're going to stop us. Maybe tomorrow we'll take that poll. Didn't he win the right envelope in certain places? I think in Treywater he did pretty good. In fact, in highly, they said let's go to New Stadium and we'll make alien the person to baseball team and he can pitch on an alternate Wednesday. Now, here's one of the fact that I just, I can't think of this shot for a lot of money. It says if the whole has to be on the right of the name and the English Spanish area is ask yourself this. Is the whole to the right of the name, and the answer is yes. The name is also on the same line to the right of the whole, but the requirement for the whole ought to be on the right of the name was met. Are you following me? It says the name is on the same line on the right of the whole, but the requirement for the whole to be on the right of the name was.. It was not net. For example, if you wanted to vote for Buchanin, the whole... No, no, this is the ones that I had a span of. Oh, yeah. Everything's for the right. Well, those fall line. Yeah. Yeah, they'll be off the right. As you'd expect. Now, what's one of the pieces they want? One to... For a hint, you'll. Wow. Okay, now here's a fact that says, from my nine year old godchild. It says, dear home, the May, ever be concerned. Hello, before I say what I need to say, let me tell you a little bit about me. I'm nine years old. I live in Florida, South Florida. My parents are Democrats and I have a complaint. Whoever made Florida's ballots is not very smart. Everyone knows whether they want to admit it or not. Florida's ballots were confusing. I think you should hold a repo for the state of Florida. If you're not convinced, please write back and I'll write you again. I hope I made least a small difference in industry, but he won't thank you again. The next one, Amanda, who's up there in Boka. And I'm sure it probably has a much better understanding already, even at the age of nine of those ballots. And some of the people who voted because they're confused. Here's Evan, cheerlea, hello. Good. We had the mayor election for Miami and it was a big weekend. What about the federal people? Sorry? About the dead people who voted? Yeah, what's the big weekend? I mean, what's the federal court coming in the side to throw out all the options you've found? Valice in that. It's a what's in the federal court that came in and we're on a third of it. What do you say? Well, I saw an interview. I was just kidding. They did two out of one's, that weren't valid. They entrusted and threw them all out. So ones that would dead people. I think it was the decision that said that they were going to get all options to be ballots. Yeah, and now that I'm really thinking back, you may be right. I think they may have thrown them all out. Well, my question is, I saw Janet Reno once he and I did a bunch of things. I said, let's throw all the abs to be relative for all. Yeah. Well, my question is, when I saw Janet Reno on her press conference on CNN, she was saying that he was not going to get the federal government involved in that. And you know, I'm thinking it's not crazy because they came and got involved in the net election. We have so much allegations of impropriety here with the enormous national implications. Why would the federal government not get involved in that? Okay, I got to go. Another, what is this? Penelas is complete. It's a national loss 51 votes in Penelas. And Gore gained no goal loss. I don't know where, oh, I see no, I'm going to go backwards. Yeah, that's right. Bush laws 51 and Gore gained 404. So that's the difference of 455. But I don't see that. That doesn't reflect in here. Because I'm looking on, let me just check the total zone here. I'm not sure if it's a original, okay? Well, but that's not on here yet. Where did he get this? Whoever got this must be way ahead of me. I've also got these numbers out of the newspaper, which I think what these numbers are what they came up with last night. But they said we're not, we have to recount as a little of the stuff into your somewhere. But I'm glad to get that number again because if that's the case, 455 effects right, that would cut the margin down to 38. Just in one county. But it is not reflected in that total at the show right now, 46 or the 67 counties and Bush with a 793 vote lead. So how do you like that? All I can say is, but for the Bush people out there to resumbo, there's some reassuring news that is that the judge, this federal judge is going to be holding the hearing a 230 and irregularities, is a Bush Republican, a good old boy. So things may turn out for the Bush mice to battle. Let me answer one of students or less. Of course, there's the only one thing. This is just about voter irregularities. We don't know what that counts, what that encompasses. Here's a model in Miami, hello. And Neil. Yes, sir. I got two little fire reports for you. I'm driving my little abandon, I'm going to stick my phone out the window. Oh, it's a Bush. Here's the other report. I'm talking about Liberty City now. What the heck? Okay, good. 246, 8, who do we yell? Let's see. I'm just barely with me. 10, 12, 14, 16, 18, 20, 22, 24, 26, 27, 28, 23, 13, 1, 23, 22, this is not right. This stuff that was thanks to me just do not be right. Because it doesn't have anywhere near 46 counties on here having, oh, I'm sorry. I'm not counting the ones with the dashes. Let me try it again. down folks whistle-bixie. Two four, six, eight, 10, 12, 14, 16, 18, 20, 22, 24, 26, 28, 30, 32, 34, 36, 38, 40, 42, 44, 45, and then the one additional one that they came up with, it's right. So Patella says still not in there. Alex or the county. Now let's put Mayor Piga Piccayan in a box. And in a lock box, that sounds good to make. So honey like that. So thank you, Joe, but your numbers are, they may be accurate, but they're like reciting them a second time, and they're not included in that totally yet. Woof! You fact, I said, this may come down like one vote to our church. Too bad we have illegal aliens in the studio who can't throw. I'm so ashamed. Well you better go vote right now. I think you still got, I think it's too open. Yeah, if you go down there and tell me you can speak Spanish. It's almost fault. Just go down there and do it. In fact, I'm going to leave here. I'm going to go back to that volunteer park and plantation makers again. I'm going to vote again. Just to try to pay them up a little bit. The El Roger show, sports radio, 560, a few, a half. My life just departed the world. She dies my door, bitch. She's deep deep, all. I wouldn't write what's done. No way. I said I didn't believe this yet. So I'm just sitting on a pension daily, waiting for the money best to take me away. Oh, just sit and run a pension daily with my family. My life is tight to tell that change. Once the stem become a line, the neighbor's saying that another son will never tell me to do. Only so I did, I did not thank you very much. Waiting for the lovely pasted trip me doing. Only after six months I did not thank you very much. I took my free money. I took my free money. But I did not thank you very much. I did not thank you very much. I did not thank you very much. What does the Bush campaign say? They boyfully dismissed the disenfranchised of thousands of Floridians as being the usual sort of mistake made in the day. They cite legal provisions about how much power to attack the country. They put it to the man for the minority head of the pursuit of fairness. As for the substance of these responses, what we say that they are in doubt. It remains unclear if the sample ballot published really contained all the elements including the alignment of the punch holes that the actual ballot reflected. More importantly, let me be clear that what is at stake here. Technicalities should not determine the presidency of the United States. The will of the people should. The manning and head to the election is not the same as the manning that the person who the people want is president takes office. Here is what we intend to do about this. Today the appropriate Florida Democratic officials will be requesting a hand count of ballots and time beach county as well as three other counties. The Lucia date and rower. In addition today, I am announcing that we will be working on voters some Florida in support of legal actions. The man some redress for the disenfranchisement of more than 20,000 voters in Palm Beach County. We believe that with so much of state, that should be taken to make sure that the people's choice becomes our president. In addition, we are still collecting accounts of other irregularities, voter intimidation and other oddities. Another part of the state, and if so, fancy a to the appropriate, they too will become part of legal actions. Now let me address the concerns of those who say that these actions will delay the conclusion of this election or somehow we are seeking to drag this out. All we are seeking is this that the candidate who the voters preferred become our president. That is what our Constitution principles demand. That is what true fidelity to our constitution suggests. That is what the American people truly deserve. All right, moreover we will move this matter ahead as quickly as as possible. We do not want delay, but we want whoever is democracy fulfilled. Finally let me address some remarks to the Bush campaign. I believe that their actions to try to presentively crown themselves the victors to try to put in place a transition. Run the risk of dividing the American people and creating a sense of confusion. Let the legal system run its course. Let the true and accurate will of the people prevail. And if at the end of the process, George Bush is the victor. We will honor and obviously respect those results. But we would expect the same adherence, the real of law and democratic process from their campaign in return. All claims not based on the will of the people. And danger, the orderly transition of power. Taking the time to ensure that the people's choices are president. Is the best way to respect our democratic values and honor our constitution. At this time let me ask Secretary former Secretary of State Warren Christy for to make a food re-conmerks. Welcome to the ribs. Come on, I'm looking forward to it. Thank you, Bill. Well, to shorten this up and then enable you to get to your questions. I'm going to just associate myself with Chairman Daley's comments. I could put it in the single sentence. We've come to believe that there are serious and substantial irregularities resulting from the ballot used only in one county. The ballot was confusing and illegal and the driving out of this is the need for regression order to make sure that the will of the people can be properly honored in this situation. Now I think that. Okay, thanks. Where's my carcass by the way, George? He'd be doing it down there. He's doing it. I didn't let you go in there. Almost the best. I'm going to need to come. By the way, a popular vote. Last I just said they just lasted on there. So, 100, 93,000. That's a goal is there. That's not absolutely fine. Well, he's going to be popular vote. Somebody who lives in Wisconsin tax pieces grow one to popular vote by the school to matter. And I hope they really joking, sir. I hope you're only joking. You should be right because the actual college is a financial. But that's so what we got. Let's go college. Not popular vote because it's in America. So there you can see that they're not just going to coordinate your double-in-hated over to them. But what they're trying to do is like I said before, I can a hockey game or football game. Crissiles make a dubious call. And what you want to do is either drop the puck or snap the ball real fast. So that after that happens, you can't go back and look at it again. And so when you're in the wrong, like in this case, they know they're still real. They know that there was all this tanky-panketed one on. Of course they want to say, okay, well, you know, we're moving in. Clearbubba out of there. We're moving in. Little early, but we're moving in. We're starting our transition team. We're starting the takeover right now. The fourth is reminds me of, reminds me of that election in, What was in 1933 in Germany? That sort of reminds me of. Yeah, it's very similar. Well now we'll say this, at least Hitler did win the vote there. The popular vote. Yeah, yeah. Oh, here's a popular guy. Wow, that old, you know. Here's a moment in Daniel. Yeah, John Chancillor. Yes, sir. Yeah. Is it true that a Democrats want to make that ballot in Palm Beach? Democrats and Republicans who was bipartisan. Okay, did they all have to approve it? Yes. Well, not all the Democrats in the county, you know, whoever is in charge of the election's office, they've made it together. Okay, but they all look at it and they all did approve it. Yes. Okay, and it's in a civil legal. Yeah, okay. If they lost that 19,000 votes for 19,000 votes. 19,000 votes. 9,000. What is it? That's going to be against Gore. What do you mean by that? Well, if they get rid of those 19,000 votes. They already have a counted in 19,000, too. They already threw them out. Get the bottle out of your mouth. Yeah, that's the way you're sticking it and get with it. Jesus Christ, I just got probably voted. Oh, man. God help us. All I can say is good on your knees and pray to God. And ask for forgiveness, sir. For your idiotic, whatever you're given with that spirit, and that was just coming through the phone. Nothing to make you want to take a hot shower. 21, before 2, at 5, 60, WQAM. Are we back? I'm listening to you. Yeah, I want to be porters saying that to be public inside of San Wellet. They already saw the ballots ahead of time and you already got it. And that's not relevant, legally, because you know, when something happens that, in effect, has the effect of taking away voters right or reducing franchising their votes. That's not kosher, not legal. Now, Joel, who, and by the way, thank you, Joel, for the information, but the fact is using the system that I keep checking channel 10's website. And the fact is, Penelas de Ron. If they do have Penelas on there, they're wrong. The numbers are right from last night, but I'll say it again. It was in the newspaper this morning, and it's also when he is on the channel, which they're up to date on it. They had recounted Penelas, they were about to turn them in, and they released the numbers. But then they said, oh, hold on a second. We've got some other problem here, and they still haven't turned it in yet. Maybe they're waiting till they're all at ass end. You either wait until they're very in. And we can do that 500 wovers with again. How many? 456. I think it was like $1,600. I think it was $2,800, $1,000. And it cost $45,000. So they're waiting till the ass end. Here's Palm Beach Garden, said, oh, okay. I just had to tell you my experience with this, because the balance, that whole thing really was totally screwed up. If I hadn't taken my sample ballot with me with all of the things, you know, go or and all that. Oh, I liked it. I would have screwed it up at one point. I was ready because I told the super card out of there and start punching the numbers because I couldn't tell with the numbers. Right. And the thing? Right. I mean, and then I hear these people go all these people, and Palm Beach Garden, they're just making a big deal. Well, if you sound like you're under the age of 100, do me. Yeah, exactly. And I couldn't even figure it out. Right. Pretty bad. And it is kind of a piece of people working on the booth. I mean, they're older than fire and rising out. I went now for one drum. She's like, how are you making this cake? Because we've had the void about 20 of these today. And I'm like, oh my God. Oh, great. So if that didn't tell, I don't know, you know, hopefully this will. Well, I'm glad she had to avoid anyway. That's usually a big problem of this. I think it's a good news, pal. All right. And I'm gonna go to the shopping mall. I'm just going to bring those annual eggs. It's coming right out of the wire baby. Still early 46. It's pretty slow now. What do we have on this week? We started a day 32. And then it was 35. And then there was like a little spring in there. In the middle of the late morning and early afternoon. And then we just kind of stopped. We come to a squeaking hall to 46. I had your like. What Billy said about the Henry County, Palm Beach, and Valusia and Dave, I'm a hog jack web called Shilai Corms, called Colombo. Didn't you say Broward also? The also's in and while it was never. Hmm, we'll see, long way to go on this because we're talking, we're talking six million votes in the state of Florida. And we're talking about a 793 vote margin, so fuck and it's still all counted yet. Out of six million. Here's a model in Boka, hello. Yeah, I know. First thing, happy to be able to have a coffee since you've worked there. Thanks. You know, I want to give you a role example of my experience with this, I wasn't just a camera, a fundamental work, broad enough, a whole registration card for all of that, that work with it. It's even more registered to register, so we hope. Like, excuse me, registered. And every single guy that registered as a public end, there's went through and they were able to vote. I went to vote the other day. And I was having a system, there's a 29 day rule. You have to have your registration in with a 29 day election. And the top, the top end, the number is what it was meant to vote. And vote, the goal, the goal. OK, you're far in scraping out, but I think what he's trying to say is, there's some strange reason that the people are sending their applications for the vote of registration card back in September. The Republican's got theirs, and he did not be in the Democrat. And I may sound paranoid that the fact is, reading about all kinds of things that have been invoked to people calling yesterday, who said for the same reason, they were denied or liked to vote and give it a big one-amount. And that was it. That was the end. So I guess if you were black, you had a much tougher time. If you were old, you had a tougher time. If you're registered, you'd better credit of any persuasion. You had a tougher time in this state. Yeah, get to a son Sentinel, a Harold, and a Palm Beach post, and lock the door from the inside, real tight with a couple of padlocks, and just didn't even have a flashlight in the dark corner somewhere and read all this crap. And if no matter what your political persuasion is, if you don't come to the conclusion that there was a massive attempt to steal the selection, then they're good luck to all of us. Here's Boker, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. You played these songs right two, two, two, and they're all ready. These are the voters that are there. They got cataracts, they got all primers who are on a vacation. What about them? Well, how about the one we're counting on? You got the guy who just called just before you were on. How about him? He was the young guy probably in his 20s or 30s. You think he's got cataracts in Alzheimer's? No, I think you got a guy damn hole in your back. Oh, man. You know, some of them are their vote counters, much's yours and mine. Now, I agree with you. I'd like to get them off the road. No question we can all agree on that. Get them off the highway, take away their drivers license instead of them so on. But you don't take away their right to vote. And speaking of Alzheimer's, how's Ronnie doing? Seems to me he was president. Oh, oh. Don't forget, a grassroots rally scheduled for three this afternoon in the town center mall in Boca. The location will be in the parking lot facing blades road in front of the restaurant, Fridays, and steer crazy. It's expected there'll be two decoupled to possible appearances from Congressman Robert Waxler and or Jesse Jackson who says, if they don't make it fit, you're that even a foolish man. The DMC in Washington is responded positively. The purpose is demand to revote and that bush cannot steal a solution. That's to it, concert a town center mall in Boca. I asked that I think that they still respect tack at their job of continuing talking about this. I'd like to be a bozos in the morning holding them about ball games and craft on this station. I see books he was going to be feeling in days. I don't want to put any pressure on him because I know he's got a whole bunch of people who cook at five. But we'll see what the above suit comes up with. Whether it's just a more that the ball game crap. Here's a middle or must-pond beach, hello. OK. Yeah, you know the point of saying about his whole thing. And I'll sign a call yesterday, but I guess I couldn't get through with you, but the problem is that bush is using is the fanfall of that again, around the ages. We were in a $1 deficit and go on playing poor for a day. Bush and nothing got one vote. If they remember the $1 deficit that we was in back in the days and everybody was grabbing off the pedal. OK. OK, we'll hang out here about a little longer because we still know who won you. OK, hang on real time. A little bit late for campaigning now. OK, boys, you're supposed to think a little bit late for that. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. How are you? OK. I had the same problem. I registered all morning to vote back in June. And I was able to vote on Tuesday. I called them and they went back and forth with me and told me they had thousands of cards to process. And I would be looking for a needle and a head back. Well, it was an accurate. So they just took away your vote. Yeah, I was. And I was able to register for primary, September. I mean, that I got my application in June. Mm-hmm. And I couldn't even vote in the primary. So I left out. Good luck to watch with you guys. But I'm a Democrat, also. Well, I'll probably wipe it off soon. Ha, ha, ha. Good luck. Bye. 151 at 560 marketer taking a gigantic. Oh, look at that. That was on 275, the next day. It's down 144. Oh, boy. He's going to be from right behind opportunity to urge now at the time. This is how I think about Thompson on it. You know what? It's taking a big dump. Because their guy is a day. No, they know what's coming. Maybe they can just smell that. Oh, yeah. Yeah. So 46 out of 67 counties have been regal voted. Recounted. Redone. Redone. Now, where's the list? Here they. The counties that are still and don't forget the Democrats to be close to the handcounting of allusia, stayed, bowing, and Palm Beach. But so we have over in the above that 21 more counties. You have to be recounted. A Lancia obeyed, Bradford, Calhoun, Charlotte, Lannos, there, citrus, play, the Soto, Dixie, golf, hearty, homes, livi. Now, you think that's a Jewish county? Manatee Martin. A lot of people meant he that's a Britainton. Martin County, after World of Peace, Orange County, Orange County, so that's where we counted here, George. Pascal, Penelas, and I'll say it again, keep your eye and your nose for the Penelas vote to be counted. Polk, Sarah Soda, Seminole, and Washington. Anyway, it's been a few, four, two, a five, six, three, two, a Neil Roger show, Sports Radio, five, six, eight, six, six, six, six, five, two, eight. Watcher 36, bow shopies in the building, he's, uh, apoptractic over the whole thing, and who the hell is it? I mean, can there be anyway, why got my haircut this long, that part was nobody, but it would be for about, everybody's up and on, I'm just filming at the mouth about this stuff. Still no, no news. No, sinu, no news. Okay, where are we going here? We got a lady mobile and delrayed beach, hello. Hi, we all met at the hell are you? Good. I'm, to help the system, helpful for people who, you know, it's a layoff caller who was with the business with the election card and so forth. This is, if you go to the Democratic headquarters, I know there's one in Delray at Lake Eida and Congress. Right. There's an election day, problem and complaint form. And what it says is for all problems or complaints reported by voters on election day, either by telephone or in person, please complete all of the following information, only in this way when we be able to follow up with callers and reach solutions to problems, which is because what everybody's looking for. And it's a gift to the name of the person reporting the dress city that phones and all of this voting prison address of problem, kind of call them and the description and the signature.