The famous Emily, first round playoff. Can you please? Oh, treat your parents. I said that. Oh, you can do it. I mean, for the harder day, I'll present the Neil Rogers. Oh, I got it. I got it. Six, seven, zero, five, six, eight, told three for D.C. Brown and the Electoral Five, six, the on your cell, old, the opinions of Neil, his guests, holders, or anyone else on the show, do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM. We believe that position, or the B.C. Broadcast. Neil, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio Five, six, the on Q.A.L.A.L. Playoff, this. Oh, me and Tom, I'm so distracted lately. Why so fast? There's so many hot women around. I can't stop looking in fancens in about come. Well, try this for that. Writtener, a new drug guarantee to help you forget your fantasies and retold your energy. Oh, excellent. Give it here. Whip, whip, there's great. Now watch. What do you think about the new cell, girl, Julie? Writtener. That's right. It works. How about that chicken, the jam, you're always talking about. Writtener, it's going to job. The girls, the post office, Writtener. Yep. Oh, look, here comes my one. Janette, Writtener. What? I mean, Writtener. I heard what you said. That better be the drug stocking. Writtener is another indoor strikeman in the Grinding Knowledge by the FDA. 747. I, you said, let me. I'm not a slag, my wrist. Here. Okay, so what's going on here? Anything in the new ad-signing? No. Same old crap, I guess, huh? What is with the levels on this thing? Really strange. The overhead's a little bit peculiar. And then there's somebody short-bottom's been sitting in this chair last week. I didn't adjust the chair. Huh? I feel like I'm sitting in a height chair, just like the a PD. Oh, it's like I said I did adjust the chair. Well, I noticed this can be used by his absence again today. Oh, I just came back from vacation. Oh, hey, that's the way it works around here. So anything new going on like I said? No. Here's our pool, by the way, these eight. We don't have a jingle that's his eight. So the best way to get the closest we can come was that one. 747. 747. That's the post you need to hear me. I'm not a slag, my wrist. Back home. Of course it could be in the red-do realize it could be 747 before the day is out. So we'll keep our eye close to the good on that, I'm sure I'm sure that the air set is finger on it right now. Anyway, our pool question that we changed over the weekend on our website, eorajus.com for obvious reasons. Do you think the amount of force used to extract A-A on was appropriate or excessive? With 520 votes. 447 said appropriate, 86%, only 73. 14% said it was excessive. Obviously emotional cripple, we don't understand them when there are people holding somebody hostage, which amount of people are kidnapping. They have to go in their news and force and wouldn't doubt even a better late than ever, Janet. Nice going to be dark. So you do understand that the content of Europe, other than England, where they're like a little bit behind the time they're really five hours in, but the rest of Europe is six hours ahead. So we go to lunch and McDonald's and Amsterdam on Saturday. It's about 1115. Sauna back to the hotel. Now it's a little before noon, which we've made it low before six o'clock and in morning here following this, turn on the TV in my room and there is CNN. And I see on my screen all of this stuff I'm folding, which had just happened about a half hour before and I went, ah, yeah, nice going, Janet, better late than ever sweetheart. And we just like being home, those come like the little practice for being home already a couple of days ahead of time. Same old tired neurotic stuff, meeting continuing to pretend to you that this is a very important story. You see, I know that a lot of you won't like hearing this, but it's true. And that is that your brain is manipulated by the media. Although the one good poll that I see, the best poll of all of us about the TV, do a good job covering this story, 66% to 10, no, no way they stuff it you're not embarrassing, pathetic and that's true. That's absolutely correct. But nevertheless, like I've told you many times in the past and as you've already got my thumb right on it, when the media decides that a story is important, they're going to bombard you with it and to do the side, hey, you know, this must be important, they must be right. And so we're just going to talk about that until we're blue in the face, so we can't talk no more. It's not an important story. It's an immigration story. It's a child custody story. It's a lot of things, but it's not like the end of the world. And as far as the neurotic repetitive tired old, stale craft that we've been subjected to in his town day after day, month after month, he or after year, we are so tired that we got to come out of our ears already. We got Casioitis coming out of our... Recko. Yes. Old and stale, get a new goddamn song, okay? Get a life, get a new hobby. Evidently, Damaro's isn't getting a job, check what old Jews I think, my job is still pretty popular. Do something. Besides this incestant craft. But you also have something valuable that happened for me during this period of time. You said that had a great time and answered, of course. Of course. Right. I mean, I actually have to put my finger in the sling for a few days. But at any rate, the great thing was I woke up in the middle of the night tree of clock and morning, there are time, which is not a clock in evening this time here. Flip on my TV to get the hockey scores. Of course you will score on. I score on least by the way. What happened to those pants? Are they still playing out? Confaining more of those? No. But anyway, so I took out a TV. Was there maybe Wednesday Thursday night? And here's your favorite friend. Don't be sure to do that. So if it's not a clock in night, carry the line all over the world. And who is the guest tonight for the entire hour? Tonight. It's the vice president and a tipper that I'm not sure is tipper board. And you know something? Something very valuable happened to me. Because I've decided, even though I have this voter registration card in my wall for a time in years, I was planning on voting. Am I going to vote? No. Absolutely not. I wouldn't vote for you. I'll go if you paid me $50,000. I mean George W is out of the question. And this is why the majority of the public continue to try to express to the powers that be these aren't the people that we want. Give us a different choice. Give us somebody. That's why Bradley offered a little bit of hope for about five minutes. And so we realized how boring he was. That's why John McCain offered a little bit of hope until we found out he was full of craft. How do you like his thing about softer line in the Confederate flag by the way? Oh, I just did that for politics. Yeah. I'm sorry I did that. See, now that he's out of the run, now he can admit, oh, I was just political grandstanding. Padre into those redness and softer line up. And it was wrong and I shouldn't have done it. Like we're going to get him credit for it, meeting that now. But Al Gore, your response isn't even a Larry with all those softball on. You know, he priced him on the thing three or four times about the early on business. His response, he keeps giving a non-response even after what happened Saturday. He continues giving a non-response. Oh, well, it should have been handled in the family courts and you know, whatever's best for the child and sometimes the father gets custody, but then there are times where he doesn't. But it would be, but it would be, he hasn't say anything. And as I sat there watching me entire hour, up till four o'clock in the morning, you're up time. I realized this man doesn't deserve my vote or any of you are either either of these candidates. In fact, starting today, I'm going to encourage what I've done in the past, side of times. So vote. See, some people out there say, oh, gee, that's a terrible thing to say. You're supposed to give you a bunch of bull crap, politically correct BS. George W. Boeish now, war between the two of them, do they deserve our vote? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. They deserve the effort to get off your ass and go and vote in November. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You bet yours, we'd ask they don't. Just like the poor people up there in New York state with Rudy Giuliani. And by the way, talk about the popcorn, the kettle, black. This is even worse than Merris Grecia's with their allegations of fake pictures, who ought to be an expert on fake can contrived pictures with that video tape they made live the two weeks ago. Yeah. The one that people all over the world are laughing at. And here's Rudy Giuliani talking about storm troopers breaking into the house. Because he know about storm troopers, there's the expert. But my point being, for best is up in New York state, now they got a choice between two people. I can't stand. So every expert tells you, and they're absolutely correct. It's going to be who's going to lose it. Not who's going to win it. Who's going to be most of not just in who will lead you test the most. And at the moment, Rudy is winning that pretty handling. You know what I'm saying? They can't stand it. They don't like her that big, but they can't stand him. That fascist disgusting jack-booted piece of turd. Anyway, so what are we going to talk about today? Nine months after 10 at five, 60 WKOM, Seminoid and Cassinoid Hollywood is deep-paced to punch her to lots of lungs and so on. Even better than Pegasus, maybe reproduce without the express with the permission of WKOM. And we will be happy with this in advance. I hope you all like this, bud. I'm glad. I'm singing here every night, press the blue, I'm singing here at night, I'm not singing you. Feel my me, go my road, press the blue, go my road. Press the blue, go my road, press the blue, go my road. And we can't be wrong, or maybe we can't be wrong. And we can't be wrong, and we can't be wrong. And we can't be wrong, and we can't be wrong. And we can't be wrong. I can't be wrong. We can't be wrong. We can't be wrong. We can't be wrong. I've got another chance. Well, I've got another chance. The old man, tell me what's going on in the gulf and bring you out. We're a pain-making prison between the white eyes. And we're now inside the danger that we may be. We are a bit of the cast of the rain. He's still based on the black and gray and gray and gray and gray and gray and gray and gray. We can't be wrong, and we can't be wrong. We can't be wrong. We can't be wrong. We can't be wrong. We can't be right by no one маш God. God's death is gone to go with me. If he would always give us a high score, thank god. They wanted a ring. Tonight is true. Is he in my mind? Well, my son, who was young, did seek to be superior? and S people. This is the way these operations are done. And I hate to break it there's the Governor Bob Graham who I'm, he also said politicians most of them. There are few exceptions in some I like. I like to get it when he soberers in very often. I like Chris Dodd from Connecticut. But not too many of most of our answers. Explorters, wires, Bob Graham, you're a jackass man. You're pathetic. Your subhuman scum. Oh, he was personally promised by a president. They wouldn't happen during the nighttime hours. Has anybody ever heard of anything? So we dig a lesson there lies. So let's wait until noon on any given day. When there's at least a thousand fifteen hundred of these craziest their hypothesis master in front of that house. Let's wait until noon. You idiot. Of course they were going to do it five o'clock in the morning. And of course say you know, we're with everybody's luck. The AP photographer gets entering takes that one picture. Really fascinating to see the two front pages in yesterday morning's newspapers and this time to give you a degree a different perspective. Here's the mind well first is Sun Sentinel. I will say this. The Sun Sentinel inside is have a special alien section. And there's that huge photo from the AP photographer of the INS. Comedy of machine gun. Not pointed at anybody's head by the way. And also with a singer very clearly not on the trigger. And also on a hero this morning they finally point out that well guess what they did realize that there were people at least one person with a gun in the home. Not to mention how many people outside. It's of course guns in Miami. What a concept. You don't just send your people in their naked just like sunny said the godfather. He's not the senator's brother in that bathroom. We're coming out with just in saying okay. But here's the front page of yesterday's Sun Sentinel. That an alien reunited on the left that shows the the woman. I and S agent taken a kid out he's a crime and the beholded of course in his terrible. But on the right here's the picture that I'll say. It's the phony picture I forgot. No it's crazy. Yes. It's the phony picture. You know, phony. No. This is here. Look the same as it did in the other picture. Yes. The only difference in the hair is like the pitted the it's the color print. That's always a cheap brownie camera. Asked race. No, tell you probably took a bit of brownie on camera. But other net it looks like the same guy they've heard of me. How could you doctor a picture like that you crazy bitch. But anyway, here's the headline. That an alien reunited. Agencies child and food in the suburb of Washington, you see where it's part of the game custody. And a kid, by the way, looks extraordinarily happy to me. It also said God is not being paraded for the cameras like a circus animal like he has been for the past five months. For the phony prophet of crazy cuban organizations and individuals in his town. This kid has been held hostage. He's been kidnapped. Once they were once they revoked the custody from that point on, it was the equivalent of a kidnapping. So what happened on Saturday was a rescue mission, not some horrendous growth test. A government action, but of course, here's a money, here's a front page from yesterday. Here is the front, the AP picture right there in a front page gun pointed. And there is the fisherman will get to him in a minute. We'll take 20 at a time on the crazy fisherman in a closet with alien. I think there's something symbolic about that on the fisherman's denado delirent. He's in a closet. And there's a crying mirror as crazy as. But the headline in huge letters says, seized, raindre turns alien to father. You see, just a little bit of difference for a little candy. A difference between the sun's channel, which has throughout this whole deal been relatively pretty good. And the hysterical paddling hero, they hear that jackass time fever on last night. I'm seeing them. You know, the one with the rubber rain coat that was the detainees around Guy, a Gary Horton Donner Rice, that time fever. What a prophetic performance. Predgit. You're not fooling anybody, Tom. The only time they were anything to make any sense yesterday was my good friend, Tom Jitter. You see his column about the media coverage will get to that. A lot of stuff to get to. Maybe even a few calls today. You see, I hate to break the news to you, but if these people really cared about the kid, if they really wanted to compromise, if they really were serious negotiate, see it was nothing more than negotiate. Negotiating doesn't mean that you agree with a bunch of points, and then when push comes to show, every time it comes to the last thing about turning over custody, you say, oh, that's not negotiating. So people like Lee and Lincoln, D.A.s. Bullard and Jorge Masso-Menos and all these other fakeers that are trying to give you a song to the answer. But all the negotiations were still going on a good faith, and the government have already been in intention. The government had an early intention, and had an early ample opportunity before to see the child. They didn't want to do it that way. If the government had no intention of negotiating, you don't have the attorney general on to form the four o'clock in the guy at the end morning. When she could have been due to girlfriend or whatever she might have been due on. That's right. Something worthwhile. So anybody who believes these grave robbers, these ex-mortarers down there, it's very clear. In fact, even our close personal friend who don't speak to us anymore, the other fisherman Sam Seansiel finally is speaking out now, and I'll pay credit for that for finally bushing him up. He says, who had the power to stop this, huh? The family and Miami, the ball was in their court for they chose not to be invited to the varshan to come in the house. Thanks God Sam. Who also says, by the way, my cousin De Nato is a monkey. He's only doing this to get his face on camera. De Nato Del Ripple is using a six-year-old child. So Sam Seansiel, one of the fishermen who rescued Ali on. Our poll question today is by the way, who's the biggest asshole? Lazyroganzallas, Noris Laci's Gonzalez, or De Nato Del Ripple, the fisherman. Better put the fishermen in parentheses there, because most people don't know what my name is. But once you say the fisherman, they'll know exactly. Which asshole we're talking about? What's it those three do you think is the biggest asshole? Okay? I've worked for De Nato hands-down, man. And I want to apologize right here on the air today to Kato Kailin. Because I had compared before I went away in vacation, I compared this guy said, he was the Kato Kailin of the Ali on case. I apologize Kato, because you're a little poor for you, asshole. But you're not in the same league with this guy. I know the first ever you was in Washington, I never knew you was in my life. Yeah, the words they were using. Like get the F out of the way or else. And where's the F in kid? That's it. That's the way those operations are done. Quickly dramatically. Like we're not taking any crap you'd out of the way. You're as well as we want in Vingua, that's it. Nice job. Very well done. And with in just a matter of hours, he was back with Daddy, Daddy holding a kid on his arms. There's no more media circus going on. Even those poor bastards turned with Tommy this morning. So the reason those people were hanging around and further for the house after the family was long gone and the kids. They got no other life that's still right now. So for hours and hours, they're still milling in the streets. They're hanging around trying to beat up some guys from seeing and are any of our cameramen they could find to make them so feel bitter about themselves. There are millions of people starving to death in Ethiopia, including millions of children. Does anybody care about that? No. Is anybody here talking about that? No. Over in Robert McGobbie and Zimbabwe. I like the way that sounds right. We're not some iteration. He's a crazy person now. And he is so called black. What's the word they use? Squat or water? Just checking. His black squatters. They're squat on it. That's right. I like their own farmland. And if the farmers don't get bailout, they're dead. They're broochering each other up. They're crazy people there. Crazy people. Does anybody care? No. Does anybody talking about that? No. So all this crap about like this six year old kid like everybody's so concerned about Alihan. Like I told him before, he's the trophy. He's the symbol. He is the anti-castreista. That's what he is. And of course, in there is crazy acid case. He's also the lost puppy that she found and she he'd give it back. And it'll press conference yesterday and not I'm not so veiled comment for Jan or we know. Well, you know, this video you're never going to have you on children. We know that. Which was just another way of saying you miserable thank you. That was worth it. And how many kids you got, Maris Gracia? Thank God none. Thank God none. And you know something the best thing we could do right now is fix her and I got some ish Farha. Make sure that they get sterilized before they come back. And this is the same. Maris crazy acid by the way, who back when they gave them the deadline of two o'clock on that faithful day that they were supposed to bring the kid to the airport. And the government was going to fly the whole family, including Maris crazy acid up there to Washington to be reunited with the over the father and have this meeting. Oh no, she can't fly because she's too ill or but a bit of but you notice the stalkers, the minute that this kid was on the house, they were already planning to follow up there to Washington to stalk him up there and she had no problem getting on her plane and sitting over their head down. And who was on a plane? The same guy that was on in the closet. The fisherman was on a plane. Who was having a cheerful press conference yesterday? The fisherman. Oh, how does she have to be in a person? Oh, my God, they gave him a nice sum from me. Wait for you to hear this. Here's an article that I had missed. Thanks to a lawyer and for passing this to me. I'm not sure which day this was in the Sun Sentinel. And our good post friend Sam C. Ancio, the other fisherman that rescued this kid says, we won't be breaking bread again of him and his cousin. The father of two at the former Fort Lotto Hill Roofing Company. They no longer speak to each other. Wait to hear this. When the two men traveled to Washington to meet one Miguel Gonzalez, the Ancio said they agreed to purpose of their trip was to see what kind of father he was. We wanted to know if he was a good father, what kind of man he was, the Ancio said. As we entered the room within three minutes, my cousin was crying at this man's feet saying, no man in no country has the right to separate you from your son. Are you following this? What he said to this man, one of the Gilgain's dollars and what he's doing in Miami are two different things. He's a pimp. He's an exploiter. He's waiting for the book, the mini series, the four-length feature movie. Are you following anybody not out? No, you're not following me out to that. 50 years were overacting. 50 years minimum. He makes merit gracious. Look like a piker outside of that. She's not a surface. He's not in the same lead with him. Even with all her histionic and the tear, she's squirting them all over her. She's squirting them. She's not in a league with this guy. No, Fisherman. I mean seriously, when you step back from this, we'll figure another the kid is back with the father and the father can't take him back to Cuba or any place else, because he's already got to think justice department should their thing and the court, the circuit court, also we should they restrain in order to be prevented from leaving the country. Which allegedly is what they wanted in the first place. Isn't that supposed to be what was all about? No, no, that's how what they wanted. They want to keep their trophy. And you ain't getting them. We got them and you ain't getting them. Within three or four hours, they were already making their reservations to hop aboard that plane. All of this very well-financed business that's going on, including the $2 million that was offered by Liza Rubin Zollas to the father, the hand over the child, worth them, keep the kid $2 million, but he was some kind of an item and object to be brought. So that's a piece of paper country. Yeah, worth the kid. We're, yeah, but we're in $2 million from and the house, they're the car. And the big thing is the job. And the big screen TV. You know, it's not weather time, it's time to think about an important part of your house, your air conditioning system. So if you're thinking about installing a new AC, you rid of you want a free second opinion on a price somebody else gave you, and you're not saying you don't buy new or rather quarter the amount of it. And please, that we've already taken drugs. Warning, we do have a lot, we need more, and that's what this meeting and even announcements are about. We need to ask also. Why aren't we doing drugs with other drugs? I remember more than 30 years ago, I was exposed to some of the greatest drugs in the country. So I know firsthand from 30 years and my own behalf with and watching experts. So I hope that all of us will see this as a beginning and that we will be even more committed to drugs. Thank you all very much. Right, that's gotta be a little bit. Speaking of that, by the way, they had a governor of New Mexico, they published an alcohol and governor of New Mexico, which obviously he had a pro-reelationary keepers, Masha, who was the enfavor of legalizing marijuana and heroin, by the way. And he was on 16-Minus last night. See, that's important stuff we ought to be talking about, instead of having all these millions of people in jail in this country. Yeah, that's fascism. That's what that's all about. That's what people ought to be talking about in my right. But they're talking about alien, alien, alien, and on, like some kind of an illness, like some kind of a disease. It's a all alien, all day. Is it on MSNBC? See? 560, 750, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, on the AT&T line. Out of town line is open 877785, 6345. Here's an interesting fact. Neil, I really don't understand why you refuse to go on show such as nightline. You really tell a like it is near a pinion to be heard nationwide. If people like Renee Acosta can get a national publicity over this, so can you. The answer is, I'm not looking for publicity. I'm here doing the Neurology Show. I've been offered, how many calls did we have? When this thing were before they finally did the seizure? Before our vacation? Beyond, at least. I would say we probably had at least, beyond. 100 calls inviting this one and now what an initial. Any answer was consensus in the same. No, no, because I'm not interested in those things. Am I going to make any money from that? No, no, am I looking for a problem? Publicity? No, no. I'm not a media horror. And by the way, speaking of media assholes, oh, Michel Giorno, I'm telling you, when push comes to show, they had a special breathless hour on Channel 4 News last night between 677 o'clock. And one of the featured commentators on there, and she was a commentator, not a reporter. Just like where it stands, she was a commentator, getting opinions with Michel Giorno, who was lending credibility to Merris Cresias suggestions that these pictures of the kid with a father with a smile on his face. My nice way of been faith. She's kind of lending credibility to it. And everybody in America with a brain is saying, yeah, just like the people who were believing that can try video tape. Just like the guy there in three judges, those cracker judges from the guy in 11-second court of appeals, who wish you that ruling, that 17-page ruling in which they said among other ridiculous things, that while the boy has a right to apply for a song, which he may have already done in that video tape. And when I read that in the International Hale Tribune, I immediately went, oh my god, kids have the age of alien can see through that tape. Copy your kid. You can't attack on them. You can't attack on them. What a bit of hell he was saying on that thing. Looking off of the side, getting coached. What do you, how many times do you think they had or redo, re-shoot that video? Yeah, at least. Here's Holly, we know. Hey, girl, I'm glad you had a good vacation. The best. I want to make common with the players in this, basically. First, we're deficient in, we're all with the two mock mares, or the biggest ass that has seen in my right. Yeah, it is not interesting. It took the two mares until six o'clock in the evening Saturday to finally hold a press conference and tell everybody to cut the crap and not set any more fires in the race. Until six o'clock in the evening, they finally got the ball so open up and off. Exactly. And there it is, we're running in this base. This is an evil bitter, which we would like to see. Hey, Jake, absolutely. And let me tell you, from Rudy Giuliani, he's a big a hypocrite. He also seems happy to be on the black magazine, kill fate. That is correct. And now for the first basic Cubans who were back and he's got and now going to be ponder, Republican party, basically. If they so unhappy with being American now, just get on the boat and go right back to Cuba. And we'll pass on maybe you know she ain't an aggrad, they're hanging out right if they think God. Okay, alright. Alright. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, five, six, five, five, five, five, four, five, five, five. And I can my vote. Nobody's getting my vote. I'm doing the right thing. I'm staying in hell away again. Yeah, you know, when you go and you cast the voters, like saying, hey, I'm giving you my tangible support here. I believe that you're qualified to be the president. Is that we're qualified to be president? No, is George W. Qualified? No, of course not. Neither one, neither of the above. No, thank you. I'll stay home. I'll tell you myself. I'll play part cheesy. I'll do something. I'll go out and demonstrate in front of the house. But I will absolutely positively not let my tangible support to lose two losers, two panders like this. Good politician. There is America's number one oxymoron. Good politician. And it's matter of fact, you know something what that goes to surely why some of us are so unhappy that Baba can't be in there another 20 or 30 years. He's had some shoulders about head and shoulders about the rest of, especially the head part. Here's Miami, hello. Are you sure? Yes, sir. Are you sure? Oh, you're to see what you're going to be saying about the situation. It's realized that you're perspective very predictable and very shallow. No, huh? And because I don't agree with you, is that making very shallow? I'm going to take you on everyone with you. You're worth a lot. And you're going to say, I'm giving you a lot of pike. I'm still a pike, okay. Thank you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, the only 18 people I have a slide. I guess that the person's always need to know about that call. Thank you. On a time out is open 87, 7, 75, 63, 45. Just like they've tagged in a re-knowing situation. You wish? No, she must be. Here's a mobile and pond being, chill. Yeah, I'm done. OK. I know that you did the LN or the trophy for the people down here in Miami. Yes, for the social, social, family and the politicians, right? Right, the politician. Uh, you got to be a trophy, think what he goes back to give him? I don't think he's going back to Kyvel, he's not any time soon. Well, I mean, you did have it a way, eventually. Well, yeah. Well, what do you say that? Well, do you think you'll be a trophy for a fit down when he gets back there? Probably. OK. Is that right or wrong? Of course it's wrong. OK. But in the meantime, if he's with his father, that's the part that's right. In the father of the father has the right to decide the memory. I don't know. I don't disagree with that. Now, also, why do you think the president is so, was so hard for us to back in this gift access? So soon? I should get back with his dad, so soon. Well, what do you mean, so sort of that, that had been your problem? I weeks. That's not my problem. I'm saying, why is he? Why is it so much importance to our president to reunite in a legal hand? First of all, not in a legal alien number one. Number two, the president didn't make the decision. He was consulted with it. And number three, get a life. Why was it so important to do it so soon? Yeah, what was the rush? Why could they let him just stay down there and continue with that circus for next to a five, six, seven months to be on this way? Don't be pointing to finger at anybody else, the so-called Miami family, because you and your handlers and cohorts and big money supporters, you're the ones who called all a shots, even though you were in supposed to be calling shots, especially after they legally took away the custody, you had no right to keep hold of that kid. But yet a chance to do it in a way that you might have been pressed some other people got what were some supporters, but no, instead of doing that hard ass, no matter what the or compromise was supposed to be, the answer was always the same. No, that's not negotiation, that's not compromise. It's good nothing. We got him, you ain't getting him. In fact, you remember the comments said one day, when Lazarus said, they'll have to end and also be a daughter, they'll have to step over our body to get him, we're not surrendering him. Well, guess what? They did. Five, six, seven, five, six, my comments are so shallow and predictable. And it's a, I think, I think, probably the wrong course we're good about that. It's interesting to see by the way, except for the NBC poll, which they seem to have difficulty finding the right of my people, but every other poll, see it ends CBS, all the other poll, they sizeable majority of the people, including by the way, in the local polls. A breathing, 86% of our audience, which, of course, speaks for itself, because we got people who aren't professional ethnics, like George, and you. And I see there you go with that crap again. I totally absolutely wrong. I was thinking about that, in a case, I wasn't going to bring it up today, I was going to wait till tomorrow, but I'll bring it up again. In fact, that you believe that is so astonishing to me, it says, so shocking, not about the humor, but you believe that I care about any of those things about the holidays, that I'm proud of that. It's, it's foolishness. Never the last, he brings it up constantly. You call people anti-Semite, you call Gentiles Goyams. Yeah, daily. And what about racist and the Cuban haters and every other people? It doesn't make any difference for me. You're not ashamed of being Jewish. You wear it proudly. No, you don't wear it proudly. You're wrong. I don't wear it proudly. Okay, it's a joke. The language is a joke. I'm Sonia, you're scary. You're really, you're scaring the heart of me. Your professional tube and this is coming to you. Joe Costello, if you're listening, you're right, Joe. Is a professional spick. Oh, okay, I just can't get I did. The, oh, I didn't think about this place at all, during that 10 days I was going, I was never in a great time, but I did think about three or four times about that. It's very disturbing to me that you can work with somebody this long, and it's still haven't got any, any clothes. It's to watch you all about none. Hey, get rid of your HM. Oh, we're excited to know a portable PPO plan from independent insurance group. And look at this, you know, even get your help, paying your name is back at H65. Is your current is on roofing business? Right. And obviously, you can make a living. Just other, do not have a dowel of or whatever. Who are I, I think looks just like say, right? Oh, this guy's got no job. This guy's just suckling on the public. You know, I'm always, I'm always, when I'm like, you look so about like rescues, they always reunite somebody once later, I've never heard of anybody living with the family. He's part of the whole operation. Yeah, you can't get a motorbike. I don't think I want to ask you a thing at all that I want to go. Um, for six people from the family right now down in Miami, at my, uh, uh, now is maybe more. I know for fact, six of them. And they're like saying, I'm going to stay here for a long time, maybe a month. Who is picking up the bill? I'm assuming six people are going to take a walk.emie all the same organization who picked up the bill, they were going to put up the two million dollars to pay the ramps and to keep the Kittling Country. If theyburunder the door wrong with it, the people would have taken for only the Paint Jaxz and other expenses, are they activating it organization and they can be. This is, it's all about something this LA, this part of, this is how we used to allowing you to get it. No one was sick of quite a bunch of kids in. And, this isn't, you already can defend that корпus or family, you know what I mean? It brought a kid in and 그러면 with the shit of. And now it's like they probably have as we're right to see the kid as I do what you do, correct? And they have no caution. And the other guy that asked me what's the big hurry where the president's big hurry. Let me ask you this. What was the what's the big hurry they blew it in a matter of hours they had to go up and see him to see if he was all right. And if this kid was going to be in a straight jacket or tied up in a rope somewhere in a quarter with communist the slowest video I let him. You see the reason that the family had a ghost stalking and chasing after the kid immediately have not sewer was because just like all along they are terrified scared crapless that every minute that he spends with the father he'll be deprogrammed from the assistant brain washing that took place in that house every single day to set him against the father and the changes whole I did to the boy is how wonderful it is here and he wants to stay here and to say he became a puppet of that so called my family and don't you kid yourselves. I mean just anybody would come and do you see after all the trauma the this kid has been true including the unnecessary stuff that happened Saturday which they caused to happen by their own refusal to really negotiate and hand them over and they're compliant with the law. After all the trauma when any decent people leave him alone with a father for a few days a little piece and quiet away from the media circus that they've subjected him to for the last five months. You let your sweet ass but these are not decent people these are buyers these are people are nothing more than pimps being handled by all of these organizations but all these grave robbers that you see on there. Lincoln V.A.s. Bullard Ramon, South Sanchez with a schmothon who said now the Amanda Gurier is the PR guy with all the judges is pocket. Jose and Garcia Padrosa I can't even end up mentioned it to mayors of course for also just pimps. That's where all the money is coming from to finance this whole operation and by the way some of those said to close people are going down there for weeks and weeks and weeks on and they're also just ponds in the game. Just being used in the manipulated on cue as usual which is going on in this time for two god damn long. And here I'm sitting over there five six thousand miles away seeing these pictures again same old tired craft. Seeing the fires in the middle of the street seeing three police officers getting beaten with a baseball bat lining up in a hospital. And this by the way in the same city where the mayor of the city has been on proclaiming for weeks now orders not going to be any violence. My name is a peaceful city yati yati yati and then we have all these people coming on breakfast for yesterday saying oh gee it could have been a lot worse look how all where we're straining everybody was. It could have been a lot worse except for the fact that the mining police did a hell of a good job. Nice going again for Chris you better. And you know one of the sweetest parts of this whole deal is that there's pretty money police was informed by the i.s. one of the other there was a mining police officer on one of the vans that pulled up and part of the operation. And of course mayor carolio and mayor pingo pecania they're forming a tomorrow. Because they weren't informed. In fact, you'll carolio says that if it was within his power he would fight a police team but he does that the 30 do that because he didn't want to be on it and you want to know why these mayors weren't let it on the because within a matter of seconds after they were to go in the word state of it on the photo these other henchmen who just gave it a list. Because they were they solution to the problem they were part of the problem. They were done their holding hands grand standing and there was carolio right there early in the morning. And we'll go to the one worldwide TV on CNN. Screaming and carrying on about the federal government in about you to expect this in communist cuba and bapa papapa papapa papapa papapa all the other crap. And about how on the day the day before each day they wanted to read this kid with his atheist father. Which is interesting by the way, you'll notice that the family allegedly yesterday the real family went to a church service and reserved for space. You know they had some real interesting stuff. In fact last night, one of the reports I think was unseen and on the that the time showed that they have time and they would they collaborate with time magazine. They showed that all the news coverage has been on the air in Havana over Cuba. Oh, it's up to the rate. No, I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about I'm going including comments from both sides, comments from the family. The so-called Miami family. So I'm talking about the problem on there. Thanks, Sam. Sounds are important in pizzas for our fan people. In water. In water. Well, you need to pizza. I'll drink the water. Here's a call from Columbus, Ohio. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I lived in plantation for 20 years and I was a devotee of yourself on all those different stations. I've been out of there for two years now and watching this charade from 200 miles away and knowing what must be going on down there and little papapa ha enough. I got to tell you, you got to get out of there to play for such a set pool and you've become numb to live in that crap every day because that's what you hear about. I just came back from 10 days in Amsterdam. So I don't know if that's been all in my life in his town. Yeah, the rumor is that you're finishing at your contract and you're leaving. What do you mean the rumor is? Well, I got a friend with the assistant and he sends me a case once in the long. Yeah. He said that this is really it that you're set up down there and there. The fact is, you know, I'm 57 years old. I'm not going to be one of those people that's going to die on the year if I can help it. I don't plan on working forever. Have you decided where you're going to live or if not going to be a public? Probably an Amsterdam. Okay. Well, I miss you and I got to tell you that outside of South Florida they really are living breathing people who are nice to deal with the pace of life. It's not so fantastic that everyone's up each other's ass. And I'm no longer that I just came back from 10 of the best days of my life. Okay, Richard, you reduced bed and you could add it to it too, but he never read it. Don't worry about where I'm going, Pal. I'm doing just fine. Even though my stock book was my money faster there, you may can print it, but he'll be history soon. Five, six, seven, what do you want for the bottom of the box? I'm not going to just sit around away from the sky to show me what a hot shot he is. Oh yeah, but I mean, I got a guy that's a good talker, but he's not a good listener. You know, I tell him what my goals are, what my, what are my game plan is. And he's about that. I'm not going to tell you how it would be. Which probably looked to me like the market was like another gigantic tumble again this morning. Another tech, the dollar's only down 16 now 15, but the NASDAQ was now only 13. Look at that. But the NASDAQ's down 215, right. There he goes. So there goes more money. This is what happens when you get involved with hot shots. People are really sure you're how smart they are and how dumb you are. Yeah, dumb was right. I was dumb, all right. I need him all my money. Here's a note, my, here's my, here's my, here's my. Here's my, here's my. Yes sir. Long time listener. I'm not going to insult you. I love the way that you usually think. Unfortunately, in this issue, you have a really made a little bit. I think you are an expert at improving whatever price you want to prove. And I wish that I have running the time enough to convince you about some of you. You're not going to, you're not going to convince me about anything else having to do with the story because you didn't go to happen. We let's put it on from now until midnight six weeks from Tuesday and then go to happen. Let me point some of the inconsistencies of your thinking. You criticize this family for within two hours after the kid was taken away by guns, which I'm sure that you yourself couldn't believe that the government would have done it. I absolutely do believe that. I'm not really sending it now, but I don't think that you could believe that they would. How how else would they do let me try? They do what they just not have to say, or would you please give us a kid? But let me tell you how I'll get it done. I think it's done in their arms, but if they could have been playing closed food and pies and with you, what can you do? And say, look, where you get to kids, the family that also says that's not the way these things are done. Not the way they're done. Well, I don't think that this country that is the best and if human rights children rights, we're just like. They child who is being held against the law, that's called kidnapping. He was being held against the law, this family that's here. I'm not going to sit here listening if I'm offended you. Too bad. I don't give my opinions based on whether I'm going to pacify the audience to get ratings to be popular. I give my real opinions and the liberal to consequences. If every human who listen to this radio shows wants to say goodbye to they don't like what I have to say. Bye bye. Have a great life. I don't care. You're not going to manipulate me and then into this phony shock of seeing the government coming in there with guns drop. Right in all not. Those the I and as people are got those agents have a right to defend themselves, especially in the middle of this group of crazy people that have been cheering on down there for a week and week in. And who knows how many of them might have been on. And in a town like this, you're going to take your chances. Oh, but you're sweet as you're not. The fact is that nobody got seriously hurt. Nobody inside got the injured. There was no shooting. The kid was taken off. He's doing fine. That's what you ought to be concerned about. If indeed you really care about the kid. And let's face it. You don't. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. Let me go. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. Let me go. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I swear. I'm not gonna get that way out. I got the right for the left of the road. It's about 02560 WQ. I'm here as one of the most pathetic faces ever receiving my life. Please forgive us. Here's one of these fake letters, what was the deals about tubanist and tubanid and what we've got to apologize for all this success and busy R&D audio. Probably from that Jackass, you know, this has got a new typewriter, something that I've worked for, I said, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. What do we got? We got Hank coming up from our school of state to the South Indian team. Five of talking got Hank without valming. Succeed to talk and baseball with Donovan. We fill his in a Marlin, Zejan and we use a genius in it. Oh yeah. So that's what they're best done history. Twelve and eighties talking about. Well, they have to dismantle the pain again and celebrate everybody because we can't afford them. My school of John and me and Tentacrock after the game, you got to ADK rhymes with GA. See, if you're a rule when you call this program, if to convince me to agree with you, then don't waste your time. I wasn't your opinion, if you reasonable, but if you're not going to be satisfied, unless I agree with you then, off. Here's how I would, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir? Yeah. That's very, very, very, say, you know, she said at one time that, you know, the thing you have more than get your cameras in the house. And, you know, playing as they of the same idea of the same idea of guns in the house. It was, was that, well, they're going to have to come and take the kit. Here on a front page of this morning's hero, they said at least one person in the house of the Miami family had come and security people to conceal weapons from it. Had been frequently seen at the home of the hand on Stratto's ankle, federal authorities point to Marylle, a blast Miranda 48, and licensed private investigator, and who was also part of this team of crazy people ahead under the house. A channel for their like the little logo tag saying, and also LAMC's, you know, it didn't say LAMC and return to his father. Yes. LAMC's and LAMC's and LAMC's have happened there. Well, this not that one says that in the SMB and I did the hails, he's been big letters. That's how also the local TV says he's been straighted up soon. Yeah, I, I, I, I claim is was a real big disappointment. Jimmy, he got caught up in this. He hunk about everything. And he, he got like stuck right into them with the Rick Sanchez and all of them. And they're all just the part of his reaction. He's up out of here more integrity than that. But my vote for the biggest effort of the fisherman. OK, I'm taking me when hands down. Yeah, thanks. OK, but it's cousin. I think his cousin votes yes, too. He's going to be in speaking to us anymore. Huh? Five, six, seven, five, six, the palm five, six, the only 18, T, wireless line. That seems to me that they're lucky. And Angela Ray of Channel 4 was mentioned here. She asked me her county, county mirror Alice, Pupinda, Pachea, who must have studied as big and nothing but broadcast interviews. He knew force was an option. So why you so surprised? High school nurse, we heard. Also, I see him as you call your time, you can note that highlight blockages that intersection fire stage by vote gestures could be counterproductive and in that they in turn neutral party's caught in turmoil against the exhaust cause. High school and I can spot a weapon size guy. I said, I wasn't here. So I didn't see any of that stuff that happened Saturday. Didn't get on the battery yesterday afternoon. I did see any embarrassing job on Michel, Jolon on Channel 4 last night. And there are things to be hard. I don't think that was really you. I think it was a fake picture of you on Channel 4 last night. Michel, what are your things? Possibility? Huh? His name is Brian. Welcome back, Neil. Yes sir. As best as the performance was by Rokendo, asked temple. Nobody out did Rick Sanchez on Saturday. Yeah. I'm Saturday. Hey, he was talking to one of the reporters down there. And he was going, and the photo was telling about a lot of the, but it was going to be one of the national papers about what that's the rights down there with the Cubans. And they were describing how they would chase the police and down for a block. And they started on them and they beat them up. So finally, other police came and broke it up. Yeah. And he has the nerve to say, well, I was the police. Most of them, George Force. This was also on your national TV, the way that they were throwing crap at him. And the one guy trying to put his hair out is neck. And they started checking and pushing and finding the police. Oh, now this is the way it's going to be written. But we down here, we know the real story. In fact, some of the people that pulled those Cubans off, they didn't were actually Cuban. That was his middle of the mediation for that. Yeah. Then by 20 minutes later, they're describing a file on 830. Oh, no. There's a big file. As far as it goes, that part of what he said is true. There were some of the Cubans in a crowd who pulled the, the other got people away. And got the actual work to make from them. That's true. OK. Then by 15 minutes later, he's a fire running on the other side of 830. He says, because all of the ICA fire burning on 830, but we can't assume that that was done by protesters. Now, that could have been one of those crap houses. Yeah. But after Rick burns down, every time I hit a little bit, the whole of the fire is right. So OK. And a great day, sir. See, my suggestion is, if you want to know what's going on, watch CNN, watch MSNBC, watch Fox News. Do now watch the local news channels during any kind of a situation like this, because all you're going to get is what this guy was just describing. You know what you're going to get? So why is the prize? Why should anybody be shocked? The night that we were leaving on Thursday night, I saw the channel seven news and six of the audiences was on it. Apologizing, making the sweeping apology for the Cuban community and about how they feel so bad because they're always picked on, like when they protest against Los Vanden and Yadi Adi. I guess nobody ever told them that this is the only county in America that's got its own restrictive laws on the books that we strict of performers for. This is why you're lost to Latin Grammys Rick. This is why you're lost to junior panoramic. And this is why they counties the laughing stock of America because you've got your own foreign policy. You've got restrictive laws and books that are patently unconstitutional, by the way, for many people from coming here and performing or displaying their work or whatever it is that they do. If they don't meet the status of being an uncommonistic enough. But don't confuse him with a fact. And like I said, if you want to get the real story, watch CNN. Here's a mobile and popular, hello. Hey, how you doing? OK. A couple things. First of all, we all know the family border to find themselves. Yes. Second of all, there's two clowns who call themselves a mayor. Do they really think the federal government cares what they have to say? Obviously not. And I think a much important question, which most people are asking, lawyers are, you know, responses of the court. And are the person up all the law on these lawyers that are nothing but encouraged their clients to ignore them all. It's a great law, yeah. In fact, they should be just barred. They should be helping. They should be helping contempt. You couldn't have happened. Yeah, but I don't understand. They wouldn't have been anybody else, you know? OK, have a late face. Yes, but I get sorry. And he says, our laser was installed. He's not in the legal area. And he doesn't have to respond to what the iron is tells him. He doesn't have to obey them. I hate to make a little difference to the alus news. But the fact is, you do lose. The fact is that they were given temporary custody of the boy. The iron has had jurisdiction over that. Of course, he had a compliance with what the iron is told. But as it's been consistent with this whole deal from the beginning, they just make it up as they go along. They make up the law. They make up the stories. They lie. They twist. And if anybody doesn't believe that this kid was being brainwashed and poisoned against his father every day that he was in that house, just take a look at the story with a phone calls. Even after the father got to this country, and was up there in Maryland, 30 times he tried to call and because, of course, now they can afford to have call a ID and call waiting in the base screen TV in there, the ball they're hammers. Because they had call a ID, they could see who was calling. And so about 27 or 8 of those 30 times, they saw what was calling. They picked up the phone and slammed it down. And a couple of times that they did along the speak to the kid, they were monitoring as closely as possible, coaching and standing in a background at every time. Just as when it calls from Cuba, I'd come and cut the call of short, which is why they were terrified to let this kid out of their absolute grasp and control and brainwashing process. And if anybody doesn't understand that this is the crux of their hysteria of getting them as quickly as possible after he was seen from that home, then you're missing the whole story. He's there at two. They have to manipulate him. Just like the Abraasid, we want to manipulate that tool. One of daddy checked. See, that's still there. 10 times the weather is 5.60 QA in. If you look into the best night's sleep available, then go to the further venue telephone. Just pick up your room right now and call down after a second delivery or a great new mattress today. You live in just a couple hours after you make the order. Sraggy mattress, wave it good by, lumpy mattress, audio, do your back and yourself a big favor, call down a mattress, speak to a train that can consult my voter my last couple of mattresses for me. To these people, I need to be pleased with them because first of all, they say they are 60% off your work. When you pay for the same living in the department of bidding store, secondly, they not found that there were a couple hours after you make the call. And thirdly, you're completely guaranteed. If you know how per cent happy when the driver lives in the mattress, they're so many take it back with no questions asked. So pick up your phone and call 1-800 mattress, any TK RES, and you can pick from the top lanes in the business, like sorta and see me and Simmons, and still say about the 60% off what you pay in the department stores. And you imagine the surgery show when you call, no, not another 50 bucks off when you buy a new premium mattress. Call of right now, you'll be living in comfort tonight. Call 1-800-MATP-RES, leave off the last S because it stands for seizure. This is 5-60. You A-M. Okay, let's continue. You're thinking about getting in the car. The person I just think about the one thing, it has exactly leaves the ball time. The Marlins and Villains wrap up their steering. Tonight in Pro-Player Stakes, show Angel David Brian and John Shombie calling for it. Marlins of the X starts at 6-30. On Sports Radio 5-60, C-A-A, high to slay King, and they don't come any better than Neil Rogers. Hope John Paul is a paradise for past transgressions of insurance. Hey, we messed up. I'm sorry. No hug feelings. And those apologies folks, so good. Hope John Paul is taking them on tour. The Vatican's first ever apology tour 2000. So I apologize for everyone who's hit behind me at the movies. Next time, I don't want to be here. He apology tour 2000. Here's your chance to hear Pope John Paul this second, as you've never heard him before. Oh, here's the nice of the paradise for the whole fish on Friday day. I think of I had to eat one ball fish. That was going to shoot. The apology tour 2000. Let's the Pope get it all. I think yes. And I'm touched by the way he's still made to say, he saw it for some stuff, though he says. So, I'm a clay. Boom! Now, the soobin is my favorite. He's got noise. He's used for the best, great voice. That was big time, dude. The Pope John Paul apology tour 2000. You'll be sorry if you listen. Oh, yes. I'm sorry. Hey, only bats did a full drink minimum to get into the night. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha. It's 1132 at 5. 162 W. Can I come way to Leo the Caprio interviews the Pope. I'm going to be big. Here's a bar to far to West Thomas' on top of the all these things that happened on Saturday was Earth Day. The day to try to give the Earth and break from all the pollution and crap and put them here in the morning. But in Miami, we're watching people burning tires and dumping trash, etc. when sitting on fire and putting the air. Nice going here. Oh, Miami. As usual. Here's a mobile in sunrise, huh? Yeah, I knew a good boy had shown a couple of quick point. Yes, sir. One is the Cuban community down there in Miami, opportunity to disprove what everybody thinks about them and they blew it. They did exactly what everybody expected them to do. That's what we want to say in the Cuban community. How many people were out to? Probably like that. I mean, yeah, I'm out. So how much of the market? 30,000, 50,000, 20,000? It doesn't mean that there's that many, right? Yeah. You know, you have people outside of day going, well, you see that's exactly what, you know, you'll go, of course, because they're the ones who are always visible. George's siblings are only really behind, but I think he's, you know, I couldn't know about it. They're being here in the light. They're community leaders and the, uh, I just don't look about this. And the exile. And not the exile, the increment. Yeah. Second thing is, you know, they don't, what they don't realize is the loads of this country are in subjective that they're good as long as they don't apply to them. Yeah, that's not the way. You know, make it up as they go along. Right. Right. And it's funny how they're going to do all these things in the negotiations now after the fact that for six months they've done nothing. And in addition to which all of them have been saying from the beginning, we want Aliah, he deserves to have his right day in court. That's what their lawyer has been saying in all these politicians. He deserves to have his day in court. We don't want him to go back to Cuba, Julia's day in court. Well, now he's been here in T.D.s going to have his day in court. The father is going nowhere. He's been all the same. I'm not going anywhere. Staying here until a hell freeze is over, if it takes that long, we're probably appeals to be here to pass you away to Supreme Court. Now why should there be any on any unhappy is now? And the only card that they have to play now is the luck that the AP photographer, not the side door. And the mother opened the door, let him in. And he just by the blindness of luck happened to be there to snap that photograph. That's the only Easter card that they got left at all. Yeah, maybe they got to get off the gravy tray now. Well, that's what they're afraid of. But if the fisherman is crying about it. Well, I think because he had to come out of the closet on a national line. Maybe they cried a minute. Maybe they cried a minute. The closet, that might have been an okay. But wait, I think I said. There was a fisherman in the closet. That's our poor question today on our internet on our website, www.yorajuz.com. Which is the biggest asshole, Reservant Zalis. Maybe I shouldn't have used the word, asshole. Because Reservant is more like a scumbag than an asshole. And I'm saying more like a real low-rise scumbag. But it's never like that's the question. Because as a Reservant Zalis, Maris Gracious Gonzalez, Or Donato Dallrimple, the fisherman who easily gets my vote. He passed the other ones like they were standing still. And that article that I say that I hope. So one of the listeners, Pat me, yes, I did say that. Nice going, you know, thank you. Very good. Nice. They go up there to meet with Juan Miguel Gonzalez, who at least is decent enough to give them the meeting to thank them for saving his son. They want to fight out what kind of a man he is. And San Siyam, the other fisherman who is another meeting says, As we ended the room within three minutes. My cousin was crying if this man's feet saying, No man in no country is the right to separate you from your son. Oh man, this is the best. See, how come you people in the media who want to twist him and evaluate public opinion? How come we don't have more of this kind of stuff? How come we don't have more information? And all those desperate phone calls the father tried to make for Maryland. And kept getting hung up on over and over again. Because the family wanted to do their brain washing, uninterrupted, unimpeded. And continue poisoning the kids mind against the father. Here's North Miami, hello. Yeah? Yes sir. How you doing? I love your show, you are the dad. We're going to put you the mayor of Miami too. Sure. Yeah, I just need to say anything about the booth. The scene in booth that cuts around in the front. Sure. Yeah, they did that. I mean, does it because they have a new morning Cuba. So naturally, companies that come in, that's what they're saying down. That's the freedom that they're right. That's right. And also the mayor of California, he's a do-stag. I can't say more of that thing than that. Oh yeah. Thank you very much. Okay. You're a good word. And that's the reason. Okay. Five six, seven, five, six, eight. Com five, six, the on the AT&T wire was on. And what else rhymes with pike? George B. Sides, little pike? Huh? We're talking about alien. He's a little pike. Dike? That's right. There you go in our January off stuff again. Oh, commonest day in Lesbord. I love that sign. Yeah, was this 30 money? Right in front of the house. It was one of the strategies they were designed. Commonest stuff in Lesbord. What does that mean? He means I see when Elizabeth something like that. Huh? Here's a Cajou Key. Hello? Hi, Neil. Where's that Cajou? Not just said, go leave. I'm sorry. I didn't carry it away. Yeah, I just got back from George's vacation land. Up in the edge county. Yeah. And so with no in the end, all day all the time up there. Oh, right. Really nice. Yeah, that's why we're so waiting to see that. That's an up until Saturday when this all had the least, you know, that was way in the background. Yeah. Yeah. And then a couple of weeks ago, and the big news there, which I thought was historical, is that they now give dogs passports. So you know, go to the continent and come back. Mm-hmm. And that's the brits for you, man. Yeah. So you want to talk about the brits, which I'm sure about, we discovered the men are all like real pretty and the women are all real rich. So is that kind of balance is that out? Yeah, that is. And, uh, Pearl Janet Reno. No matter what she did, she can't win. She can't win. I mean, if she gone in there with nothing, it wouldn't happen. And what she did do, all that's all. Well, we should stop shaking on that podium. You know, she can't remember where somebody told her that she's rattling the podium, we can hear you. I just just stand back. Just stand back a few weeks, Janet. Praise. Yeah. She, uh, she, uh, she just takes a medication, but she takes a few days as a fire, uh, people who throw her brains out, working if she takes medication. You know what it is? Yeah. Well, they're already seen that in a day. Okay. Have a great day, sir. You too. God bless us. God, God is. Well, kind of, a real bush goddess. Remember last person they said was a goddess, what could happen to her? Twenty-one before noted five, sixty-two, but a QM. If you want some fantastic pizza, in fact, it's Passover, but you don't have to pass on pizza because you can get that great mozzarella pizza at the world thing this piece of cake. Jeff has been making this for years. Are we going to get some this week by the way, George? Like, maybe tomorrow? Yeah. I think that's a good idea. But I could go from work with great. He's got it down the path. Yeah. Who patted Jeff? Who has help? I must be crazy. I must be nuts. No, no, no. I can't hear the answer. When the person who is really making me, it hurts. Now that they have died, it hurts me. I can't hear the answer. Maybe I can't hear the answer. From the side of the world. After we went out and gone, in Barber's and early years, the fact that it's easy, is really so easy. I can't remember if I could. When it's Ramadan, I hear the song. This would be the most far away from my three families. Turn the book away to date. Bind all every day in Paris around here had the preferences. No one knows where to spend the night, Eight men. It's $15.505. Thank you so much for letting God bless you. I'll pray for you. Send me from the sun. I know what pages was on. Ali on State Carves. There's between his rescuers. It's about the two fishermen. And there's to go. You're just an exploiting, you're a dead big, then I'll show you a piece of crap. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. I just want to know if you read the article in the New York Times about the family history of William and Valorce. No. It's called Love in the Time Academy. It has, so. Yeah. And it is well balanced, well written. And this family has been a political eye. Since the 60s. When the last real sister came over here. And it's a good article. You should read it. Okay. Thanks for here. Okay. My wife. Five six, seven, five, six. You pound five, six. The only 18, three. While it was lying, we can tell you will a little longer singing a song. Guess what? The good thing is, is he's with daddy. It's one of the why. You're born again, spend day of the next few weeks. Oh, yeah. Oh, we got a little raise. Well, you see, you don't say. Yeah. River. Look what a good job they did there with that piece of cord. Now people, what was that piece of cord number six? Oh, I think it was number I. Yeah. Yeah. It's really a piece of cord. Middle East peace. Another asking more. I'm not talking to you with an island. Same old crap. Good old time. I read good baby. We hate you. You hate us. But I'm going to get you for it. That's the world. Sick. Sick and crazy. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Welcome back to our little banana. Thank you so much. I just got one down a couple of quick things. If I can. The family and everybody coming out saying that they had no idea who it was coming through the door and everything. Yeah. If you look at the film footage of it right before they pull up in the van. Gootier is. And he's other guy running out of the house asking the crowd to come over. So they obviously knew somebody was coming. Yeah. And you know, there's big yellow letters that said I in a federal agent kind of gave it away for me. That's how it was. Yeah. In fact, the one picture that they keep showing over over the end was on the front pages. Uh, it seems to me that the guys were in the same. Here's the picture for the A for the exam. That's his border patrol. Like him in a plane English. Yeah. All right. You know, right. Well, they said when they came to the door, they, you know, spoken English and in that spot, you know, just to be sure about that didn't get a response either time. Right. And there was also Mary. He asked me. He was one of the funniest things I heard her say in her press conference. And I don't remember the exact context of it. But the generally know and Bill Clinton when they're talking to the cameras. They're eating everyone's brains. And seeing it in rain it again later in the evening. And I just died last night. Eating everyone's brains. Yeah. Yeah. And she that's a quote that she said that. But I don't remember the exact time. Okay. And she. Um, and let's thank the Lord. He ain't back in the hospital again. You know, it's pretty miraculous. You know, I was so proud of this weekend. She still don't know. Can she still able to get on it? Plains. Yeah. Without too much problem. And there's also one of the Honda dealerships around here. I don't want to give them any plugs. Yeah. I can't believe he did it. We're in a full page. Norman Brayman. Norman Brayman. Yeah. Compared to the Holocaust. Yeah. Was ridiculous. And ready to mine. Me. Oh. And I don't know what's got in you. Or maybe he's got the missing brains or something. What kind of an ad was that? Yeah. And my vote. I can't vote. Don't know how to work. They get that. Because I can't even give them enough credit. Be for that. Okay. I got you. You're right. It would be an insuffer. I don't know. Have a great day. See if there's any. Do you want to travel for? No one's coming for one. In here. Of course not. Uh, and the get a matter here. No. I do not want to travel for. And here at a one channel. Six at a one channel. Seven at a lot. I thought I communicated that you Carlos, but apparently they wouldn't take her for an answer. The answer is, you understand you get it. No. No. No way. Okay. Good. Good. Well, I lots of the one keep those bad bar. They hear. They just want to. Or they just want to know. Guess what? The answer is still. No. You're not getting in. Okay. You're not getting in. I'm going to the closet with little kid. I'm not coming out. I'm going back in the closet. What's the channel for? The answer is no. I'll tell you. Angela, ready to get some help. Tell her bitch to get some sake. I'd be okay. She is certified. I'm going to put it at 7. 8 maybe nine. Times already. Get her some help. Ha ha ha ha ha. Man, what I'm going to be saying he's just going to lose a right on your head. That's probably what they're waiting for. Get a least 80 or a b. I'm easier. Here's a lady and then you be. Hello. Hi. I just want to say I watched her that interview on Channel 4 live with the cousin of Dinnata Dernopimple. Yeah, same, same, same, same area. Right. So yeah, some first thing they asked them that they said, what do you think of your cousin? He said, he's a monkey. Right. And then he says, really doing this to give a space on a camera. He's an exporter and a monkey. Right. They should be interviewed later. The editors are out. They did any of the comments that he said, maybe they've adopted the matter. Really? Yeah. I mean, I thought, when and how they bleached it on. Oh, yeah. They said, well, he said some negative comments, so we're not going to. Well, why not. Now, there was this as a merit, and you can say whatever we decide will put on the year and the rest of what you say if we don't like it, we won't put on it. Right. What do what Channel was this on? Channel 4. Channel 4. Oh, Channel 4. It was first of a live interview with Channel 4. And he was just speaking his mind. He called him a monkey. Right. And the last job to wrap stop, he remembers him having is cleaning apartments. That's the last job he can remember him. Where does Tom? Toilets were the Tom. I want to go down there and we have the Cuban flag upside down. Okay. Or maybe put a garbage bag at the bottom. And that Senator Boot Smith? Yeah. What did he get that egg? I thought it came out of the door. It's Easter. Have a great day. He's got a big one. Right. Go. In the name too. Senate about. Graham. A lot of crazy senators named Bob. They're Bob. Up and down. I think they have a word for that. It's called a. Read that. Members of Amsterdam. I'm sorry. Five 60. Five 60. You're not ashamed of the Jewish. What an interesting way that was to explain. Not ashamed of the Jewish. I said you're proud. Not as punch. No. No. You said. I wasn't ashamed of the Jewish. I'm not ashamed of the Jewish. Right, and just like when I took that poll. If 95% of the audience would have said. We would write it short. But if you were straight, you think that I would go on and give me your life. You think that I would change. I come on here and put on a fully act. I would do a Tom Cruise being here. Roblo, what are those deals. I didn't say that you should be. I was gonna be the only other things. Yeah. But if you say I'm a matter of shame to be Jewish. And I'm not ashamed of this. You said. Yeah. Yeah. between nothing ashamed to be something and being a professional law or whatever it is. I open up my mouth as when somebody says something big it is. You are so uptight with your cubeness and you don't even realize it. You don't even even eat on the you don't. But they're understand what? You don't realize your aducious. How often it comes up and comes out. It came up and came out plenty the last week and that was an answer to them. Okay, in my new on business. Well, tell me I'm well as I'm here. Here's Hollywood. Hello. New welcome back. Yes sir. I wanted to just try and middle-click about his sense. You know he was on the earth. When Jennifer was at the lab interview, she said Bush did on the air. Which one was this? The cousin. That's a cousin. Oh, saying Oceans. You're right. This is all the parts of Bush. Which is great. Uh-huh. I'm the one I'm saying. When they came back to the anchor, they had their projects for the language. But they went one that over and bleaked up hard out. Which killed me. Yeah. I'm for revenge as he was another idiot. He said while that when the ionization was bringing little aliens to the van, that he was being dragged. I was so in sense that I was the woman was carrying him in a blanket. Absolutely. But I was so in sense that carbon is got a personal voice no at his work and left to the message saying Rick, I just think you don't know the meaning of drag. That usually contains the feet being dragged around the ground scraping and all that. How did he come out here? He was the rare remaining of the more drag and it's come where to do with his holding that I had to do with being a young. But I was determined that I watched and then he came back an hour later and said he was he was being carried because what I was, but then I ended up just came out with him. He was put behind the bush but you could have seen us on channels. Every different angle you could see somebody was behind the ambush. Yeah. And they pulled the lady and she luckily kept the alienator. Oh, man, it was behind your bush. Someone was behind the bush all the while. Yeah. It was an hour. How good. You know, we might have been Janet watch out. Okay, have a great day, pal. All right. So Janet was there lurking behind your bush. Why did she was moving so fast? Five, six, six. Yeah, the woman said it's getting a bit kind of a shaky situation over here. Open a damn van door and let's get out of here. Let's blow this to white. Also, her dad left the last week. Yeah, I'm on. Let's blow this joint. Oh, yeah, marijuana baby. That's what's killing America. Gotta get those. Gotta get that war against the world is going. That's gonna be a full question for tomorrow, which is the more, which is more dangerous. No, marijuana alcohol. We use that full question for tomorrow. Is there any contest? Just like the governor of the Mexico on 60 Mays last night said, he said, you know, cigarettes are bad for you too. I don't encourage anybody to smoke cigarettes. You got to increase it. But is that mean we put people in jail for smoke and cigarettes? And of course, whoever we're doing the reporting is not below the river like that. We can call for you. I'm going to put you in your first smoking in a non-sofing place. Wait till Rudy Giuliani gets one of that. He likes that idea. Rudy and his stormtroopers. Here's a lady in temper of mine, so. Neil? Yes, man. Yeah, um, I just thought to say that they keep saying that they were negotiating when the one behind us, but they're scheming. Yeah. But apparently they said that the negotiations are failed by the law. Yeah. Right. I think we're just saying, chicken with Janet. You know. And, uh, that's right. And she said, okay, you want to play that game? I don't know. Do it. Exactly. And then they realize that she wasn't going to flinch and they just went and said, oh, okay, okay, let's talk tomorrow. And she's up together. Right. You know, so anyway, I also want to mention that I really get a depth of my flag upside down and being ripped and, you know, they think freedom is you can do whatever you want. That's not a thing to make. Yeah. Freedom to them means they make up the laws. They go along. Whatever is speeding for them. Thank you, back. Well, I have a way to explain. We'll survive. We'll make it through, baby. Oh, the other was survive. It was on Gloria Gator. We told her. How about Gloria Stefan? She's quoted in the paper. You know, this, I stuck a thing over her post on this. So it's got all the course from the various assholes on her. I stuck something over a post because I'm mutterweight lunch. I cut the soup by the way. It was pretty bad. For a minute, it's before noon at five, 60, W. If you cut it, it's always right. Thank you. Thank you. And good day. 12, I want to find 60, W. You, I'm not here. Some interesting stuff from the Newsweek website. Has anybody flashed to me? It says, by Thursday, does this department and picked two possible times for a raid? The early hours of Saturday morning or Monday morning. Good Friday and Easter. We're deemed the wrong days to invade deeply religious little of Anna. We know worried about the PR implications of seemingly child from his bed in the dead of night, but law enforcement officials wanted to move in when the crowds outside the bungalow were small. We know steam also wanted surprise at wake of the branch to video and said, no, the feds were coming. In Miami, the justice department also feared a violent reception. The fire merriest crazy ass who had been hospitalized at least eight times for stress had told some community relations workers that if the feds came into the house, they could be hurt. Rumors wore the bouts, mypers in the neighborhood, an old Navy seal from a human American community, threatening to play command though. So if there's anybody out there after hearing that, who's still criticizing that they came in armed as a teeth and ready for whatever way, I'll be laying away. That's the way you do it. Hate to break the news to you. That's the way it's done. Period. No questions asked. No meaning things to chance, especially in a crazy place like Miami. Here's a great fact, it says, why did two bins burn the tires in the streets because the tires were useless without intertube? And it says, Steve, Thomas and the arraggies God go leave school. Nice going, Ersaran. Let's see, here's what it says. Let's get the vote, Alice Pinguapakanya out and the vote for Mr. De La Portilla. Miguel de La Portilla was also a idiot, but nevertheless, he's a different idiot. You know, at least it's a message anyway. Okay, whatever you want, sir, good luck to you. I'm not voting. Let me say it again. I've been seeing Al Gore's performance on Larry King on whatever night that was. No way. Absolutely positively, no way would vote for either one of those a jackasses. No wonder Ralph Nader's getting some support. Ralph Nader, Carsten O'Leard fart. Who's still trying to fix the guy damn eddle. Nobody told him it's too late. They still trying to get those fanbos straightened out on the 60 core beer. It's a little late, Ralph, they're not making them any more, sweetheart. Yeah, but he means well, you know, at least he's not want to be above Al Gore and George W. You can have a vote. If you like a more power to you, have a great life with both of them. We wound up with 775 votes on our website. On my poll question before we put up the new one. You're thinking amount of force that was used to extract Alion was appropriate or excessive. Six hundred and seventy two set appropriate, 86.7% excessive only a hundred and three, 13.2%. And the last three on B's we had 1130 was eight and a quarter. Anybody got a quarter? No. Okay, let's move along here. North Miami B's hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I am. I am a Hispanic. Okay, I am not a Cuban. And I am second tire of the part of population, the Cuban population that comes to this country, okay? And wants to change the country that gave them food, okay? The country that took them when they were drowning because no other country in the world would take them. Okay, they just want to make their own laws. And there is this a very large part of the Hispanic population, okay? Contrary to what these right wing nuts say, okay? That they said we're done here. Okay? We want to come to this country and live under your laws. That's what we chose to come here. When you come to my home and I guess, okay? You don't tell me what to serve you, correct? Right, that's right. You eat whatever. If you like something more you eat more, if you like it, but maybe I can tell you something that was a problem from the beginning and that is that in bending over backward. I think this is where J.L. is going to be a bad idea. In other words, she allowed the family to negotiate is if somehow they had the right to be dictating the rules. And of course, they didn't have any such right, especially after they be both custody. You know, it's a guttole point where not that alone, son. Who will him? And not, not, not, not if lessy. Okay? Are you only too responsible? Okay? That they had to work the EIS, INS had to break into that home. Okay? Uh, it got to a point where he just got this idea, it was advised by those attorneys. By the way, who are all those attorneys now? But what if he was not afraid of doing that? What if they had a different attorney every day there was a new one that came out of the world every single day? Right. And the thing is, okay? They got to a point where he really believed that this country doesn't have laws. You know, I was talking to people who were telling A-list and you know, I lived in this country long enough to know that things are postponed, things are done in a way where they want to talk it out. But one good thing is it's going to bite into it, it's going to say it's over. Yeah. Yeah. And I thought he was having this as a result of that. That is a spectacular job. And the only way, you know, the poor Janice, he just can't catch a break. If he weren't for the AP, he ought to say before the AP photographer's flipping in the side, were there in the really invisible mother letting him in the door. They were never going to be in that photograph and they wouldn't have had the propaganda to use. But now they keep ratting that photograph around. See, it was violent. It was this and about about a 10-to-Kid was traumatized. He was, uh, fine to me right now. He was like he's doing better than he has in five months. And I had other things I want to say, uh, mail is this. I'm an atheist, okay? So I will, I will help we face it. Uh, all these people that were saying that this is little Jesus. And this is a miracle baby. What does that mean? The little Jesus is the communist because he's gone back now. So what does that tell us? I'll have to ask Mary. I have to raise a vote. Okay, dear. Yeah, say that's another thing. Undo played by the local media because it's too embarrassing. They don't want to tell you the real nature of these scumbag banana boat people down there, a little fan of this so-called Miami family, would the Virgin Mary on a window and the note had Lazarus passed to assist your gene about how old fit it was going to use the kid as a human sacrifice and a satiria that I mean, we're talking about people who are like from the stone age. And what is the media we refer to for the Miami family? To my Lazarus and the Miami family. Like these are respectable people. Are they respectable people? Oh, no, they're low-life superstitious. Um, mumbo jumbo, uh, whatever the hell you want to call it. Mumbo jumbo sounds good to me. Um, that sounds good? I like some, how about some mumbo jumbo? Or some mumbo gumbo sounds the better than that crappy cup of soup. God was that bad. Have it for a kid. They're bad. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hey, they're an ill-great. I mean, they said they didn't have they used the excessive force when they did that. They don't go in, they don't do race like that when they go in a criminal council. Uh, they don't win even Joe Giuliani said on a rally factor last night when the mob. Even Joe Giuliani who's hurting Giuliani when they do a mob, my friend, thank god that's at your city police department doesn't use excessive force. Thank you. Hey, minutes after knowing that five, six, see what you are, sir. It's another one of these young parents. See, here's some jackass, some jackbooted jackass on the ear, make some kind of a comment. And right away, you're running around with painting. It's just like the NRA people, you know. It's just like Bob Smith. It's like Bob Graham repeating the same tired old rhetoric. You don't know what they're talking about. And if you would watch a little more than watch that fashes through the Giuliani on there, you would see there all the, they've had a whole parade of people on there, experts with the INS and the FBI. And they've all said, this is, this is a standard procedure. This is the way that it's done. You got it? No, I didn't think so. Just like Channel 4 doesn't get it. Goodbye Channel 4. Don't take it personally unless you want to. We just don't like you. Okay. We don't like you. We like your inelson. Plus we like your channel. For we like our fan Bob's so per anybody else over that we like? Come on, take fast. They changed so quickly. We're not nobody else. No, we don't like anybody else. No, we used to like our good friend John Doots bag. He was great. He's gone. Come on, meet you all tomorrow. 9 minutes after noon at 5.60. Yeah. Holy Macanot, this is Joe Bow on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the hockey authority Neil Gaugh. Yeah, from Written Go Records. This thing is made me think I'm in a garb of gold. I am going to rip down your hand. This is all I'm doing. Yeah, I'm going to rip down my own baby. Seems I'm in a garb of gold. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah. If they can speak, they think Simon and Garb of gold. In swords, now, for more than gold. 1214 at 5.60, W.K. W.K. That's 75,000 pages of facts stuff here. All of which is very interesting. By the way, in all of which are reinforces my opinions, which I've already expressed. And I ain't changing. Here's our final polls. By the way, we had 795 votes. Our poll question was, do you think the amount of force used to extract alien was appropriate or excessive? Of appropriate 687s, 86 and a half percent, excessive, 113 and a half percent. And of course, people out there who would disagree with me are saying, well, that's your audience, the only thing you'll want that's right. That's my audience. And as much as we complain very often about the call in audience, it goes to show that the listing audience who got some people who had screwed on straight on. Thank goodness. Here's having two, I'll. Yeah, hey Neil, good morning. Yes, sir, hey, hey, hey, hey. Okay, just some random thoughts. Number one, all three women, our latest sister, the disgusting gene. Yes. And Janet, our whole child was. So how come she's picking on Janet for not having children? She doesn't pick on, uh, sister's gene. Yeah, because Roy is talking about suspect. Yeah, I mean, she has a flock. This is a gene getting on. No, of course not. They're well. I don't know. It was a house for the women living there at least you. Anyway, uh, secondly, uh, the American Airlines, why do they treat kidnappers the way they do when, you know, they give them special treatments, let them out the back door, etc, etc. What do you mean by that? Well, they, they got on. Yeah, but just going to, you got to know that that was all arranged. I mean, there were people higher up in American Airlines, uh, pull those things. Well, perhaps, these people aren't just going there as they be my family, just, you know, kind of on a company, you notice they had to hold on to Raj with them. They're on a plane, including the fishermen, by the way, who never disappears. No matter where you look, if you go to take a leak in that house, you should talk at a morning. He's in the toilet, they're watching guard. Everywhere you go is the fishermen. Yeah, well, maybe he in, in our way, so she doesn't have some kids, you know? Oh, God, where I thought that is. I mean, interesting. They have voice, uh, with curgrill. What a great, what a great ad campaign for forced sterilization. Yeah. Right. A spacious piece. During the, about a week or so ago, during the negotiations, there was a point when a great, great came on and asked the press to back off. And Sanchez is a great remark at that point. It was, well, I'm a member of the press. And my comment is, yeah, this is the biggest story of the year, like, hop off. Yeah, like I'll show you, yeah. Yeah, that was another good thing. In addition to which can anybody tell me, including Rick Sanchez, why this is the biggest story of the year, is it just because the media decided that was such a big story because I can't think of any other reason why. They say it is. Oh, yes, good point. Okay, have a great day. Thank you. See you. They say it is, so it must be so, right? Yeah. Why can't I tell you, you people, when you're all brain after who I could do a little bit of your own taking, just because the media tells you this is important because they keep banging on it and banging on it and yank it on it and twisting it and pulling it, that does make it important. It is not important. For us, of course, we got the eyes usual. We got the crappy luck that we have to live right in the middle of it. It's happened right in the mistreatment of our post. As usual, we ought to be used to that by now. Here's a lady in high LA, hello. Hi, now, this is my first time calling. So if I found a little nervous, you'll understand. But I agree with the previous callers about our flag being the way it's displayed upside down. Now these people came here for freedom. Our flag stands for liberty and just as for all. And I feel that if these people want to display this flag upside down, they should be cited for this by the local. I think they shall be cited right away. You're right. There's no reason for that. And it's our tax debt dollars on our paying for this whole damn thing. They're in right, damn straight. Right. That's my full sentiment. Okay, take two and call me in the morning. Okay. Bye, bye. Too little bit worked up a white-and-homad. Five, six, seven, five, six, nine. Let's see, here's a, I have a directly from an office run to see that Ramonsela Sanchez was injured from the office who's watched Ben, which Brooklyn he showed around the ground. The video shows Ramon attempting to form a human chain, clearly defined the federal marshals that he carried out the law, seen by the President of the US Attorney General Ed Cedron, so on. Tell us who's the truth he was scratched by a watchband. What a year people. Oh, I want to mine. Oh, I said to be for you, didn't. High-cater. Five, six, seven, five, six, ten, five, six, ten, eight, ten. Wireless line. It's a big story. It's a big story, believe us. You believe us? No. How is it a big story? Not that the meeting would've sport you understand. It's Brittany, but. I mean, if you guys have considered a lot harder on Brittany than worried about crap like this, like I like all those pumps out there, that's what really breaks my heart. I can understand the beginning was all the old toothless crowd. All you pumps out there, you 18 and 25 year old pumps that are out there participating and driving around in your cars, having a party in the street in your pants. What is wrong with you guys? It's a mix of. Oh. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hi, Neil. Stick to this, Spanish. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. I want you to know that there are some Cuban out here that think totally different and I agree with you. And I agree with you, 100%. This is a real show that they're doing here. I blame Carloyos, Campinella. Carloyos. So that's the first year that are down here, Miami. I also blame the family. They had no right to keep that child here. He'd be wrong to his father. And it's up to the father when he wants to live. They talk about democracy. Great talk about freedom. I have tried to call the Spanish radio stations. They will not allow me to speak out. They hang up at me. They call me a communist. Are you like that? And then they talk about democracy. Have you seen anybody on TV saying anything different that what they want them to say? They do not allow me to say why are they talking about only Cuban having a multi-maternity and no freedom? This is ridiculous what they're doing down here. And I personally blame the mayor Carloyos. He was on the Spanish radio this morning saying that he was going to investigate the police department because of what they're doing. I think they're doing an excellent job. He did. Everyone. He's just as sure a loser because they didn't let him in. Because they knew that the minute they let him in on it that he would spill the beans. When you can't stop him. That's right. Can't stop any of them. And that the S. I am sure there were people there on. I know my Cuban people. I know how they act. And you know, it's totally disgusting. But I want to know that there are some of us that do respect this country. Do respect the laws here. Thanks Janet Reno and the president for doing what they did. I only wish they would have done it earlier. And thank you for having your show and for allowing me to speak my key. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Bye bye. 560, 560, what happened to some of these CDs by the way, sir? Could be just my idea to do a, huh? I didn't say the boy that don't impress me much. There's nothing other thing that doesn't think that I want to plot a note to real nail of it. Sure it is. I couldn't find it. You couldn't find it? Oh my god. And all the other call they address to the women or something like that is it in here? No. Here that was busy last week. There's a lady in plantation. Hello. Hello. Yeah, I'm pretty good all day. Hello. Yes. Hi, we missed you very much. I know. I wish I could say the same. Don't take it personally. You know, for somebody who's been watching this LNM to me, the icing on the cake would have been. Once they got LNM safely in the van. Right. They would have gone back in from Mary. Your name touched. Because I would have loved to have seen her come out. Keep an inscrub. I would love to see her and let Lazaro come out in handcuffs because they both belong in jail. And of course a lot of the people in this town already said. You have to go to the hospital every two seconds because he's saying it in front of the camera. She's, he didn't have to run to the hospital after they took LNM. Right. We ended as airport. And the same woman who couldn't fly because she was too emotionally distraught when they demanded that they fly to kid the Washington. Now, the sudden she flew up there, we don't probably at all. Way too. She comes through her senses and realized that all she did was give one the girl and extended vacation. Way too. She sees where he's going to live in the most opulent area of Maryland. So beautiful and secluded. Yeah. And they're going to be able to get in there. Maybe you have the Senator Bob Graham and Bob Busbeth. These guys think they're going to get to me on at least inside the Gated Andrew's Air Force. Let's see, move over to that other compound. And I'm going to get within 100 yards. Get about it. Right. Forget about it. Right. The other thing I did want to say was when you're away and I try to listen to George, but I do want to tell George this is your audience. And we really, really love you a lot. And when he talks about you, especially when he said, When he says, oh, he's a little near. And he does something that's big really about that. And also you are the only one that can get away with Jewish jokes. I'm Jewish. Cuban, whatever could he jokes you make. Well, I'm not even ashamed of you. Which is what I'm hearing. Well, you know, he just doesn't get it because he's going to, I don't know. He's like the Mary, Elisa's of all this. This tell him. You know something. Are you ever seen a zoom together? Okay. He's not the surrogate here. We just really don't like it when he knocks you because this is your audience. And so, go knock you on. We will not be honest. And the rest might too. That's right. Okay. All right. So just tell him that. Don't call this a whole man because we don't like it. Okay. Happy pace off. Bitch. I scared. I didn't finish. I was going to say that. Five, six. The cheese nice and you're picking on her just because she's Jewish. There's your auntie, San Francisco running. She's Jewish. That's what he has said. He's a Jewish. Something like that. You don't have to be Jewish. You enjoy a good cigar. Or of course, a lot of money. They put a big cigar in their post. They sit back and put their feet up on the desk. And they sit back and think, And they're great to be Jewish. I'm not even ashamed of it. Why do you buy a cigar? Or a radio, five, six, six. You, A, A. There's a bunch of hoodies. Wow. Hey, how you doing, honey? I'm so proud of you. And I just feel quite the present of the amount of food. This is my much-same of the women dress. I know that you girls, You don't have a good idea. But no one's here to tell you about you. You're not there. They used to wear makeup and wear full-time. But we're not even there. We're under lunchtime. You are a way of being a way, yeah. So, Paul Jones, you got a new nose. That's not the best of me, honey. I'm not there. You got the right to love you, got the touch. And that's not your favorite role. But you're a way of being a way of being a man. I'm not there. I'm not there. But don't impress me, honey. I'm not there. But you're a way of being a man. I'm not there. You're not there. She had a play record. And she kept on a phone. And that's the exact she was very alone. She got herself a lot more and a lot coming up. But she still has a way of being a man. I can't talk. You're not there. You're not there. You're not there. So, limit trip got some surgery. That no man press me. I'm not there. You got the right to love you, got the touch. And that's not your role. You're not there. But now I'm not there. But now I'm not there. But now I'm not there. But now I'm not there. But now I'm not there. But now I'm not there. I'm there now, but now I'm on risk of the rain. I'm being show appreciate over the purple parade like man. Yes Jerome, let's go,unda play away! What a cleared throne! I can't talk, well Jellle, oughta score. Why I ain't where you're going! What could I do to this land? So Monica, you lost 40 pounds, that dollar just made mine Well you got the dream, love you got the time And now I got the girl, love you all But that money we were better than the night I love the price, they were I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I'm so tired Why can't I think I'm right, you're on her call No, but I think I'm right, we would get a star Wishing you apart, I'm like a real stranger Make a way, and let's do my job in the sky So, here we are going to be a son of her from the art That dollar's past made mine Well you got the dream, love you got the time And now I got the girl, love you all But that money we were better than the night My love and price, baby My love and price, baby My love and price, baby Bye bye, if I say thank you, I'm sorry, here's Bob Smith Holden up that egg, it looks like he just pulled out of the record Wow, anyways, some amazing stuff come over the festival First of all, you know, Tom Delay that fashions, the right wing were publicants When on TV yesterday said there was no ward in the case And then they didn't get a search warrant That's what Joloc has said, it's actually not true Easily no a bully if you're not trying to play politics And they showed the warrant, they showed a whole spell on TV If you wanted to see the truth, if you just want to play a circle politics in pander Which should be publicant party is just obsessed with now Obsessed with, not to mention the course school Better quest like Bob Graham and the mayor of Pingo, Pachini and a few others But here comes the piece to resist on, here's something that I had missed And thanks very much for fact seeing this to me I don't know, you can't even keep track anymore Which articles these are from but nevertheless It says ironically the last thing images are ready Helmeted with his weapon facing Ali on may exist because We know herself insisted during the planning of the operation That the photographer not be obstructed according to way of participation And in the planning requested anonymity Top officials knew that Gonzalo's family had an arrangement with a photographer Alan Diaz to let him into the house That's why he went to decide door and Mama seek a letter min Some federal officials wanted him shut the size so we could not snap pictures Reno vetoed that idea We have nothing to hide she said according to that participant She reportedly insisted during the planning the photographer not be obstructed So they knew that he was in there that he was being used by the family that he was a shield And then he would take whatever photograph she could to put in their worst light Which he did a great job of that by the way And she'd take her stop that today stop it No So there you go. Thank you very much because that puts the whole thing with you That picture and better perspective on how it came to be In duo Just like that easy backbabs myth And it is not interesting that this big fat top of crap senator from New Hampshire Has got these great injuries and something happening so far away from up there And that kind of strange Oh, yeah And has had them in the beginning Don't you remember way back in the early days he was down here having conversations with Ali on in Sanskrit Because they don't not on a picket of potty in New Hampshire Here's a mobile and hollywood, hello Hey Neil Yes sir Hey after men day everything you're saying today man right on the market It's great as usual yes And at the lady right before the break kind of stole a little of my funder I was going to say the same thing about they should also went back in there Yeah And arrested, Roger O. Mary's Oh, he has can you imagine And the fish Hey you imagine what's hearing on there would be now about that Well they would deserve it though, you know, and And it would you know I got a kind of late shatting morning Ground channel 11 o'clock I clicked my TV on a flip and through the channels and I stopped on ten because they were They would kind of pictures on of their stuff going on in the streets And I was just so pissed because I'm sitting there watching people literally taking stuff going In the street Yeah, I mean I think the Miami police should get the paint from these TV station And look through the tapes and arrest everyone of those assholes They did anything that was unlawful Like throw stuff into the fire How about one guy with a timers that is who's joined to burn down and destroy He's out of business the guys The drugs and he says why did they do this to me? I'm human what butterboard they took it on me for I think make any sense I I don't never understand it with whatever group it is You get mad and you're going to go and burn down your own neighborhood What's changed is that make? Amen And a casual shit back in Cuba just laughing his ass off He's doing these people like somebody should be for They do an exactly what they want everybody else They only thought they the only people left in the world I can make him look good Unbelievable and have a great day I love you buddy Okay Here's another fact about the watch band it says Ramon Sanchez claims he was hit with the Put it in the salt rifle but the officer was there saying he scratched his head On the officers watch band which broke he also claims he was knocked unconscious for a few minutes From the strategy of a watch band The video clearly shows the officers immediately outside the front door had no assault rifle in their hands The man is a lying was tell the world a truth Ramon you certainly don't need a turban to keep force stitches closed And the stuff of your head this man is an asshole even asshole What it says here is an asshole I put it says with 4,522 Exclamation from sorry I recount it is 4,529 Exclamation points Thank you very much sir Scratch with a watch band and pussy pussy pussy he's got a turban on his head How do you like that a juban with a turban on his head a juban with a turban? What a great ring that's got to it huh? Here's a mobile implantation hello Mobile implantation going once going twice Draw on well he's break time anyway 22 to one a QAM This is 560 QAL What more do that new house you wanted and lost the pedal to your car while in Las Vegas fair This is a big jubal who deserve based out in the gutter stable weather There is a car that's where you lost it The A M has only in the phenomenal Republic baby only in my amelow I'm in the trip recently I have $30,000 worth of cosmetic surgery done on my face People have been asking me wait we how I feel Well today the truth I feel great I feel like I could touch the sky No more dogs circles underneath these beautiful eyes People compliment me on my brand new nose I've got my hair in pretty big ribbons and bones Yes Because I'm a sexer woman Since my new surgery I've got the judge over for dinner and tea I'll turn my head ill feed me grapes And then we'll burn those silly tapes My good and lose a little weight but I feel great It's a 1243 set up on the bitch Anyway, here's also from vocal factions He says the bride doubled as a good coverage of the on-fiesta I've mentioned that before when I'm vacation He had done in the interviews that he was one of the few in the media That was holding their feet to the fire and the family And even though I ordinarily can't stand bride double because he's an arrogant spook He is a smug spook I dislike him intensely But he did a good job Nice one, a bride Okay again soon because I don't watch that show Here's a fact that you say shame on the Miami Distant Relatives for dragging community Psychotic delusions shame on Mascento Spacuto and Italy is a big documentary for a sporting alien Shame on the lawyers for their careless manipulation Which caused great stress in the community Shame on the relative view that shows to cause disorder in the community By tracking the streets with themselves and burning fires Shame on mirrors, caroleo and tunnels for their lack of leadership By waiting till evening to have a unified press conference To call for a com Where were the community relations board Thank you, janir Mio and the Justice Department Thank you, Doris Maisu and the Ionis And thank you, chief of Brian And a Miami police Nice job, Miami police, great job Not a good job, a great job They weren't putting up with no shmit, I'll tell you that And just to remember what Mayor Caroleo said Oh, this is Miami, this is a peaceful city You're an asshole, Joe Always went asshole, leacher consistent The only one that made him look a little bit better was Maurice for way Because he was like with a footer No, no, I'm talking about the way he speaks Like sending a little bit like her So, for way all we saw, I hate about 2.5 pounds of cow crap But his mouth ain't talked, Corros I'm like only about a pound of three quarters And more crooked Oh, I'd say at least nine times more crooked Here's Bokeh, hello Yeah, and Niel, am I of clarification on all this report with the The wounded in here on the ear that guy? Yes, yeah, clear for his film, one of the films he loves Said a picture with that, a Cuban group leader with Azara And the bedroom? Yeah, and they didn't kick that one, but he was given the rim drive Okay, good, I hope they had a good time Roy said, Rimmer was in there, is that what he said? Yeah, he said, remember done it Five, six, seven, old five, 60, pound five, 60 on the 18th He might let's give away some panther playoff tickets What do you think? Oh, well for some other year Here's Kendall, hello Hello, yes sir, are we on? It sounds like us Thank you, Niel, how are you doing? Great, let me just tell you super quick, I'm a little nervous I'm a long time listener, I've talked to you I think only once before When I first say real quick, George did a good job And started with me Even if he was ripping me in as and calling me the old man, it's a Not a little man, that will let you, he might have a little flag He said, no, no, I thought good, I just want to say And for giving him a little nervous Wait, Roy, what is it? I said it, forgive me, though, my little nervous Don't mind, why don't you say that Okay, this is like third before As I live in Candle of you, as you notice And let me just tell you, my wife's on the line And she's American born, I am an American Naturalized, I hate it when people use those high-fant Call them in American, Cuban American Yeah, and we're defending the flag We're flying a flag, my neighbor is doing that as well And for the past couple of days has been crazy Not here, everybody, some people are used as our Flying their Cuban flag, which is disgusting And they made to everything people have said We won't people Americans, in fact, some Americans In our neighborhood have started flying their flags Which I think is a good demonstration That this is still America, or the way down to Key West And they love to fly out the flag down to Key West Oh, that's another subject, but it gives you right And one super quick point, you know, Senator Smith came on him Where were these Republicans where Diallo was shot in New York Or the Mexicans in LA with the police department Killing them with rallying That's right, where were they with all these other important things? I mean, we significant amazing stories we take in place Nobody heard anything from these back here They were in the positive, Diallo How about Giuliani, Neil? He's a hard rage of the violence You know, something, Heinrich Kimmer will be embarrassed by Rudy Giuliani That's what a Nazi he is Exactly, actually made that comparison, if Hitler's saying Oh, what are they doing to those Jewish people? It's a couple of months, right? I think that's a good analogy Last quick point I know Norman Grimm and that's what he did, it doesn't ever sense he hammer Exactly, it's hard I just take him back for a while, he just looking for an excuse to fire that police chief And that, I forgot his name on me, or what? Or Brian? Good, we were saying This morning, and TV that he was a part of it, so many people were arrested Shame on him, shame on him, because he just tried to be a thief That he could fire in his acuté, he was firing me to cut I think that's what grages But he, he number one, he can't, and number two, if he tries to He'll be out in the heartbeat Well, let's hope so, as John, if you want to say something to us Neil, you're God, I think you're saving me so much money And anger management therapy today Thanks for your attention Wasn't for you, I go Ben Manus God bless me I was up with my priority yesterday, and the number of human flags Flying on people's cars was disgusting Finally, we started crying It's about crying that people in this city realize number one Were there living in number two, if he had been American one day And Cuban the next one Well, you know, I was watching an incident, was that watch Watching the CNN on Saturday, the scene in front of a house Which they were still all there, which had no idea why But there was one plaque that had a hammer and sickle on there You know, was there commentary about what the government had done And I thought to myself, why are they making part of the hammer and sickle That was the flag of a communist country And the flag of the flag right next to it is also the flag of a communist country Perfect point, Neil And how bad would they kiss the flag when they got that verdict from that From that good, got those flags Oh, you were kissing the American flag alone at a place And I'll never forget as long as I would this green-shooted green tooth old Cuban guy would glass And he getting down as his armatic I say Thank you, America They only wonder way, that's it, there's no middle ground They wonder way, it's disgusting, they don't come to me They didn't get their way and it's a great day for a real miracle They don't go to an arena and we're going to school just because we're in school We're living here, then we graduate, we're moving back to the US Okay, I'm proud to be an American I'll be right on your tail Yes Okay, you're 15 hours, you're 15 weeks are up there, not a few Jackass Oh, he's an asshole The fishermen You think the Virgin Mary was there, we're on the bank building on a guy named Mirk She's a piker compared to the Nado del Rimple This guy was everywhere, every time he's here The pictures from the plane, they're on the plane too They're stalking his kids, he hasn't been out of their arm for like 12 hours yet Out of their grasp And they're stalking their faces, chasing him And here's the goddamn fishermen as on a plane You think he brought his own ticket? Oh, what a joke that is He couldn't buy a goddamn bus ticket to Ophalaca The fisherman You mark my words, just remember Market on the calendar, April 24, 2000 I told you that this guy still being there in the miniseries He'll be right in his guide then, memoirs He'll be in a full feature-length film He'll probably be playing Keto Kielan with the next OJ movie Come out At least Keto had enough decent seat of sleep Or a little side-house, you know, like not in the main drag And I don't think Keto was ever in the closet Oh, here's a lady in West Palm Beach, hello How you doing, yeah? Great I'm so happy Because the boy is with father Right I'm from Colombia, I'm Latin And I hate Miami only because of the Cuban people That's it Thank you, and I love you Okay, I'll see you in Bogota Okay, okay Say our friends a collier what's it then? Caio, c-cao, y-o-cho Five, six, six I have no idea what I'm talking about She was just a beautiful, she was a beautiful thing All you cubins don't know are they, no, don't take it personally don't take it personally because you know you're all saying if the fool fits word if you're wearing it or speak of the fool fits i think we have the full fighters was a girl crew on a plane coming back from Amsterdam yesterday one of them was like a dark complex of the full fighters she was i said the janna said we don't have to worry about this plane going down because long as he's on it it's stay away away up in the air yeah we were saving on gas and i think we're using any fuel here's a lady in cocoa beach all right yes man i love you to me home has anybody brought out the fact and i'm sure they have but why don't you do it more than it's that lasso has had four d-m-u-i-s and now it's for i thought it was only two is it for i heard it yeah and it's for d-m-u-i so the guy called obviously i heard it a whole bunch of d-u-i-s this one i heard i have a great day okay five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen the busiest in cocoa beach is under water pressure on water stress up there here's a mobile in Hollywood hello hey how you doing the i'm doing good i'm just a couple of points here i'm actually running down there's a lot of other than the day also i think about time i can generate a hell this thing great now i'll say after you bought that and my question is it two questions actually that i i i i when did this become a double-play of a public an issue when did it become that yeah i mean i i i i i i because of these are public and the spending time because i'm at it because no matter what you and i don't understand this is what the Republicans have been doing since the first time Clinton was or like a ninety ninety do if i do this for us over seven years now and that is that every single thing that they do they pull this i's in a matter of what it is they try to exploit it for fun and uh... and that was it and that was it and the other question is and i was wondering what you're hearing it i think that the megal is lawyer should finally it was training order against my and family if it comes to that can you do that sure my not because they're obviously lunatics that absolutely that's that the best way to describe these are lunatics come by is the lowest subhuman form of life possible and the idea that this kid would be better off staying with a family like this is ludicrous i agree with you and you are the man and don't forget it have a good and have a great life you see i'll say it again if they take course decide the kid is going to have a solemn is going to stay here in the country fine if the father wants to stay with the rest of the family that's fine to if not then put this kid like in peoria somewhere with a nice middle class upper middle class family not in my any surrounded by a bunch of exploiters in the scumbags anyone anybody out there no matter what you're opinion on a whole deal who thinks that this kid was better off being put on display every day and being exploited for all these them uh... hysterical political organizations in they county forget it here's what about it all low-level yes sir hello pay the life of father i am so happy that the kid is back with his dad right no because what what this is we all about the whole thing is that society in general doesn't expect the father's rights as much as they respect the mother's right you could be with her kid no if that if that's a bit of a woman if she there would have been no question at the whether not the kids to go back to the mother right and also you know what what i'd expect again with uh... missing dollars is that what how come the kid isn't on the art on video now you know how come he's not on TV in fact he only the only reason they became out with the additional pictures yesterday was because there is crazy asking about what i can talk to the story about how or was it fixed that picture was a not real and uh... the haircut was different so they could take some more family pictures just a counteract that uh... propaganda she was spreading but other than that you write that they're finally giving the kids some reading from the getting them out of the public i guess what you need a long time ago not to be put on display like some kind of a trophy in a zoo museum somewhere right exactly uh... now i have a drop for you you know whenever a patient person calls up you put you play a drop uh... online yeah mom let me give you a drop or that you can play for a patient person which means uh... what happening uh... hello talk about it not fully talk about it not fully okay okay okay don't get that right in the right what do you say i'm not like that i think he said something something about the somebody sucks is what he said something well i think you may have a good point there so there's a lot of second-go-an we have all the lines somewhere somewhere there's five six seven five six five six the only eighteen and two on the other time i was open the rest of the world is a great quiet about this and it probably over over one by i would thank all nauseated by a unscathed astonished it's a profit he six and five six dq a this is five six dq a hi yeah my ticket is been from while which has the chance of here and i have to take you to your dining part of that's a few weeks each take piece uh paper ah oh I'm gonna be a little bit I'm gonna be a little bit I'm gonna be a little bit I'm gonna be a little bit I'm gonna be a little bit The way I move around when I go to I close the marble room to the bottom of the room I'm gonna go and see that she gets way too The marble be the way you'll be But someone else knows how to move And I'm all too There's no one to see I got to do I didn't pay for all I need And all I can make my high knee And I say it's me I don't have the boy's sign in control When I move inside the size of the toilet bowl I never have the spray hit from the house I look a little like a 2-0 I wait to the left It's way to the right From the duty in a set of lines I don't be a learning calorie If I never get a big red ring That's why It's like I'm gonna head to the other side And I'm not fun When they come in the marble movement of the two I don't have the power I don't have the power I don't have the power I don't have the power I don't have the power I don't have the power I don't have the power I don't have the power I don't have the power I don't have the power I don't have the power I don't have the power I don't have the power I don't have the power The first picture shows Del Rampal standing at the door of the closet with the boy in his arms looking in the cameras if to say we're ready This one shot makes it so obvious the whole thing was staged along with the fact that D.S. was there by agreement of the Gonzalez If Del Rampal was there to hide the boy who would have been in the closet with the door closed This was done for the symbolism of the boy being taken away from the very man who pulled them out of the ocean The second shot shows the two agents entering the bedroom to the door which was still on the hinges The next few shots are the ones who are familiar with the agent with the rifle One of them showing the agent looking at the camera telling D.S. to back off The last picture is of Del Rampal handing the boy to the agent and the arm agents leaving the bedroom with the door still on the hinges The arm agents did not snatch him from Del Rampal Also, here's a two-page thanks from E.R.S. Remember him? It was sending his those very fiery ports from outside the house They have to say we all remember him It's a very sad fact I'm not going to waste my time reading him on the ear because we obviously have some disagreement here The bad guy or him or both but nevertheless He would have realized this just as not to understand is that the majority of people who live in this town We don't like Castro But we're not obsessed with it. We're tired of being the whole business being used as a weapon against this No matter what the issue is no matter what it has to do with whether it's the Aladdin Grammys or Some performer wants to come here and sing no matter what it is It's always a weapon and we have to be punished because we don't share the same state of psychosis against Castro and Cuba We just don't give a crap Also, we says does it bother you with all the boy with terrified and see from the house again point out? No, it does not No, it does not because the three minutes worth of sheer terror that ever had been is far outweighed far outweighed by the potential weeks and months of More brainwashing and vocab that was going on every minute inside that house But anyway, to have a great life You're as mist and thanks for your fine work, but then we agreed to this is great Here's another fact that says you know that may or a penis was just called for a general strike for tomorrow Yes, so we are where that That's a mention now But in your case, not the abdure chose up tomorrow or not, huh? How's that car payment coming George? Yeah, tomorrow the Cuban is well, we'll see how many Cuban show for work and how many is stay home to bought a general work strike And then Wednesday, more people throw up my demonstrations As the demonstrations just keep on coming baby Oh, yeah all the demonstrations all the time here in date county And a residence you ride a lot of us did move to the Howard County and we're proud of it I lived in date county for five six years whatever it was that was long enough to rise up You once lived in date county Oh, yeah, I'm just ago, but that wasn't by choice. That's just for the family lives See some of us, you know, I mean the country's got a lot of problems and I'm reviled by many of things that go on in America But nevertheless, if we're going to claim to be Americans at least you had to live in a country which state county is not a residence I hate to break the news to you, but it is not it's a banana republic Here's Miami, hello. Hi, yes sir I want to congratulate the general three-note third decision Want to congratulate the federal agents Fantastic with job clean nobody heard right and We got in that same a stitch that has been circulated around the world with the agent holding the Back on the center right and it is observant all of those who want to break the law That this is what they're going to face That's all the comments I have for today. Okay, thanks Yeah, they were breaking the law. Okay. They were holding him hostage. He was being kidnapped at that point He wasn't there to keep until he decided to turn him over. Don't you understand that it wasn't there decision to make And when you decide that you're going to go ahead and you can do an operation like that You don't do what half past half way and then they'll put up the possibility of the visit to be some kind of a nightmare That you're not prepared to deal with they were prepared for all possibilities and that was great And they let everybody know that they were prepared and like I said over and over again. That's the way that these things are carried out I'm in for votes so far and today's poll which will be following is the biggest asshole and it's pretty and that or that or And pull the fisherman of course he's 54 he's got 52 percent but Maris crazy And he's read on his answer with 40 or 38 point 4 percent. Lanzor is only got 10. I could have kind of figured that only nine and a half percent because I said earlier He's not he's more like a scumbag Huh, yeah, he's just a useless scumbag is supposed to just be an even asshole an asshole Last trade of easily by the way eight and one eight. Oh boy, and I'm looking too good. Is it looking good? No, no, not too great Eight and one eight that means it's almost half of the 1550 that these people were given the opportunity to buy that on that to faithful day back on the 11th of February Remember that there. What thankfully I was on a previous vacation I remember that that the short here to guy what was his name Greg Gessent and whether I was standing right in here But more couple months before this big deal came down the IP and give me a song It's all it's gonna all open around 15 but we're having it's gonna up to 30 or 35 right away Yeah, but my my my my my my my my did it go up to uh, no, it's in the toilet A lot of people around here are lost money. They're never gonna be just see again. Never gonna see it again We like if somebody told you to invest in that ass. These thing And brought it in 119 bucks to share in a way that of 29 Can you imagine some broker tells you to buy stock and buy new and best this stock and 119 bucks a share and it's worth 20. I know boy I'd want to beat them over the head eight or five times of the baseball bat Same broker by the way Susan all of I'm money very rapidly Here's a lady mobile in for a lot of deal. Hello Yes, man my set it in exactly what you were saying before I'm a parent and if my children were being held hostage Kidnapped I would want whatever team right my children back. That's right. I am so glad that the full boy has been reunited with his father And I wish them our best. I hope that I'm so in sense at the woman more and more afraid that you know she holds these ridiculous press conferences and the easy They keep thinking to find her by putting her on or no matter how ludicrous the comments are that she's making accurate assertion yesterday That the photograph was doctored in about the haircut and all the other crazy stuff you know people have been a hidden Baker acted and put in straight Tickets and dragged away for less than what you've done That's exactly what I was going to say. I mean she's sort of fireable. She used to be Baker acted and it's the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals after that is three yesterday Could even consider Placing that boy back with them. They're something wrong and then just one thought to leave you with I think that real lady He has really cute. You think maybe we could pick him And maybe Maristra crazy. That's what I could deal. There you go. Have a great day. You too. Bye bye. Maybe she get a new puppy. What do you say? That's like Michael Jackson when he had the attempt you know he get tired from the second little bit older just like the little kids when he give a little bit older He gets tired of wanting to new chimps. He got a little bit tired of doubles. Nine minutes after he's picking up Mr. Nine minutes after one at five sixty The video QAM Seminal Indian casino. Hollywood is a place you can go and get away from the Or that's right if he just saturated with his crap. If he just can't stand one more mention of that word Then get in the car and go over anytime you like the seminal Indian casino because you can win a lot of money there. Maybe two three four hundred grand like a lot of other people are done And you can do it all one big shot. Or maybe just a little here a little bit there and you no matter what you have a great time Four daily sessions of high stakes bingo 48 one o'clock poker tables. There's lightning bingo They have several weekly poker tournaments all through the day. They be many tournaments with various buy-ins Rebized nearly a thousand gaming machines and where you can punch your lungs at your hearts content 24 hours a day seven days A week even on pace off even on Easter Sunday even in the middle of this crisis Seminal Indian casino on a corner of Stirling in 441 just a couple of minutes west of the steering road exit of i95 A crew director and yesterday at the new conference One of the reported actors, you know, why do you feel that this is your son if you say I never said that he was my son But the morning that they waited their house He stood out in front of all those people and said when they came in it took my kid my kid Yeah, her puppy dog Exactly. Also the media I'm sorry down here is holy bias. Yeah, don't watch channel 7. Tell us either we're the only station that found someone to say that their photograph was paid Oh That I mean seriously, they do take people and put them in rubber rooms for less than that right exactly and the final thing I have to say why When any other race goes out and can street is riding and when the Cuban American go on to the streets is available to stop There's a baby in says right. Yeah, civil just to be well. You folks need to write enough a little bit have a great day. So we are all right Baba, yes, you have to think about the picture that it's just so ludicrous basically what what they're saying is all know there's no way that he could have been smiling with his father like that Because his father's abusive his father's a bad guy. He stole two or three freight trains that we know of and yada yada And therefore there's the way especially after all the months of intensive brainwashing we did how could it be smiling with that evil father of his that's really what they were she was saying Had to be doctor he could really be happy there and then after they showed the other pictures yesterday they come on and say oh well We're glad to see that he's looking good in these happy, but if that's the case and everything's going on so well that there's no reason why we shouldn't be right in there And now that she was on the other foot. Here's a father that waited for four months to see his child who was here for almost three weeks I have been promised that he would be able to see him right away and have been his custody at least while he was here in this country and the appeals are being heard And weighted weighted weighted and was constantly being told all of you on him you have to come and get himself a walk through this crowd of crazy people So what she said I want to see him bed. I want to back in my arms belly, but I'm not that crazy because they did that he spoke too very much good Now the shoes on the other foot and all the Bob Smiths and all the Bob Graims of the world can't force their way in there to get them to see this kid They want to see him as he still alive as he's still breathing does he have horns growing out of his head as he been in peels at the door as a cat as a castroff Santa be a sacrifice as laser always so concerned about Let me say it again is there anybody in the local meeting here that's got the hook bug at the ball so we need to talk about that note that he slept to sister Jean which changed her opinion by the way that crazy old bitch No, nobody wants to talk about that because that would make them look just like the tent world banana boat people that they really are Here's Hollywood hello You've been cocky all right, thank you Like we go right John whatever that means five six seven, oh five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 T line Now what what does that mean? New Mexico is in the state or is that like a no the whole state's car? Oh Here's a message oh somewhere hello I need a bell going on yes sir. It's the airport guy. I'm a male station in Germany the past four years right Just come to comment a couple things. I'll I'm stationed back in America after the call some guy you're governor on Sixth and last night good guy talking about legalizing marijuana I was just not gonna judge about that after the year, but I like we both agree he's against the world by himself He's not gonna do anything. No, but Of let me talk about this alien thing. I'm his fanning not Cuban, but I'm there you two are Cuban. Oh boy My what might not make that back my mother-in-law You okay, I had to explain because he was up and I'm telling me why the hell did he guys go in there was done New stuff and I had to explain to them basically your double cop in the airport Right, and I did explain to the any standard situation like that of a cop North horse and going to a house And there is things showing that they are hostile in some way First of all, I want to go in with guns right there in the center all and they're already had been some not so failed trest May But if they were gonna come in here somebody was gonna get hurt exactly exactly that's my first point my second point She has me okay if that's the case why the hell was like good in the case race? I told her that any anytime a long horseman official carrying a rifle the rifle is going to follow his eyes That's where the extent the rifle becomes an extension of his arm and his eyes So wherever guys go his gun go, they just so happens you're looking at the kid And that's where it does was would this thing you're far from the trigger by the way Right, so I told her basically to go schmuck off, you know what I mean good for you so I'm Encoding on we some help a towel next year How are they doing are they still have a team or what? Have a great day pal. Thank you. How those panthers do I know common No comedy shameless gutless performance from everything that I can determine but nevertheless 560 560 pound 560 on the 18 T line out of town lines go open now But we've had our call from the Mexico for the day eight seven seven what's wrong with that? There's nothing wrong with a good call from the Mexico from a guy who saved in Germany gets around He's not a here in ice going sir 87 seven seven seven seven eight five 63 45 we got Hank coming up from a shoelace day two with two a clock Hank with Al Downing at five Talked baseball with Danny B. It says any interest at all. Oh, Marlins are hot. Are you? Oh, and it's released at a Marlins picking with six to the game And seven a clock at a K after the game at about 10 That's our schedule. We don't have our programs erected here today and we are feeling pretty good about it Here's Paul Springs. Oh, no, yes sir. Hey Next to you Jan arena was God. Yeah, hey, by the way. He's about it Democrats are getting she came up if you recall back around Christmas when Who but Dan Burton brought him that puppy? Yeah, that's what I think started at all and everybody jumped out Of course this was a lesson here now. This isn't the same Dan Burton. They had the illegitimate child as it is they I believe it is Same way was seen on the route. It's been trying to get rid of Janet we know for the last seven or years now Is that the same Dan Burton? Yeah In the speaker that out the old speaker that helps a game bridge Yeah, and then lastly I think we got a quick playing Gloria at the bar music Telling one Quit playing Gloria after the bar music Perable that they start ours. Yeah, you have to start playing the first before you could stop You're never gonna catch me playing it But they're I'm a sticker ran wide down my short for five hours and listen to one of her songs But no, it's not because we're not a great way somebody's got You have a place of You know that there's a vent of truth and God bless you sir You heard what Andy Garcia. He was pretty pissed off. He was down there with his wife and Gloria Stefan and we need to we know and The Taco Bell dog and I was celebrities at one day just before a winner vacation. We're all down there. How can a China? You hear what the We're Vincent You what he had to say? No Don't ever give an order like that again That's what he said two late two late Andy you lose Here's your pepper pine. Hello. Hello, and you know, yes, sir I've got a couple things to say first like the same Well you time my listener and I like to say Jewish done a good job. He's ever show where himself I'm the you think we're being doing a morning show. I think yes I'm the thing with the agent what now let's get real what if this guy's supposed to have gone in there Would it would it be tear flowers? I don't know that was an empty legal care flowers right right and then that fisherman that me boy He sold himself out for a suit and a pair shoes from beggining my mom look at terrorists And we have that crazy local corollio man. He should resign not but not the Decheap or whatever his name is of Ryan right and one thing for Ricky Sanchez Let me tell you that guy is a sick sick mama look He's in there. Oh, the thing for him check this out. Yeah How's my driving or Ricky Sanchez one in one to hit and run? By the way you'll be pretty good. You'll be really old. Wait. I know you roll. Okay, and I guys still dead Okay, I have a great day. He's just all bombed up. Hey guy hit the front of the stadium where Sanchez he's still dead I saw my heart. Just check yesterday. He's still dead. Okay, dammit Five six seven. We hate your revenge as you just pick a lot you're disgusting Not full anybody if you want to be a professional Cuban go right ahead, but don't do it during the newscast Okay, don't sit there and manipulate and try to twist and turn and rationalize and just to find because Nobody believes you have no credibility which is why you're perfectly placed in my channel seven news rhymes with lose So you had a call from Brian Andrews which also rhymes with those things while I was away on this is on the air Yeah, I hear many said he had heard that I ripped him on air, which of course all-conquer I had this wonderful things that he refused to be manipulated at least the army here anyway He might be manipulated off the air, but that's another story. Hey boy. What's that in your mouth? right As they continue trying to slide and twist I love channel fours that other thing they do the Possible return to the alien to the communist island. It's never it doesn't have a name the communist island Are you feeling anybody over there? No, no, you're just pandering shamelessly And it's not working by the way. It's not working too good 26 after one at five 60 WCU and you may have noticed that the weather is getting hotter Which means you want to lose some weight get into a bathing suit this year for the top where that's talking about women coming this Christmas from both its industries It's the icon drive like Rick Sanchez or Jane It's a real life actually adventure game that uses the streets of South Florida as a game board Start begins a الموا There you can see a Jim Polius It's also the final like the board game higher and it's during till light court to ever get off with an e-heat sentence when it's ours who's gone for the whole family. The I can drive like rip sand shed for jay. Okay, here's the fact since his all-accompancy need to be made of been made, however with regards to the media reporting, I found channel tend to be released by a channel 7-in particular Rick. I'm Cuban in Los Santos, absolutely the worst. Sadly, channel 6 and Tony Sigerretto was a very close second-way company to the Snillers and Mom channel 4 all we can say is also amazing when you started a hold and some sentinel papers in their slides and today's our hurled and article pits date against Broward. And let me say it again if you missed a big any of the show, you only subscribed to one of the two papers or maybe you don't have any face to wrap and no kidding to one. Just look at yesterday's news papers from page of the front section. Here's the sunset and over to hell is it. Okay, so here it is. That and alienation I did not. Now they do have the secret that the I and S woman with the kidney arms bringing them out of the house but then the upper right hand corners the other picture with the father with the kid on the shoulders smiling that and alien reunited. That's their spinole. That's the main story. The hurled and huge letters see and they do have a small picture of the upper right hand corner with the kid but the raid returns alien to father and of course taken up almost half of the front page is the picture the infamous AP picture. Here's the abort of the girl with a gun pointed in the general direction and there's the the idiot in the closet with little kid in his arms. The idiot the ever present idiot not idiot in the closet and there are courses they screaming hysterical mirrors crazy as underneath just the for good measure on a hero. Yeah, you're by time. Peter you really want to find line baby. You know how to do it not. Whether how much the reason the hell new heart there you yesterday today has always written stuff about how the hell there's the most improved paper in the country and how great it come back and I mean it must be a spirit here with something which often used to raise you something. Here's a fact that says a dumb that always a house cleaning made not a fisherman. Yeah, why is he always holding in touch in the kid that asks. It says not alien looks happy this mouse is at all castor was proud of the family. He's here is he's a nice girl and I'm he goes. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Yeah sir. What back. Neil. Yeah, I'm here. You cut out. Okay. Welcome back. Thank you. One question that I have. What was that fisherman doing it out at the final black in the morning? When he ends out there. He's he's part of the honor wise. They have like a traveling show you all like an carnival. He's part of the whole honor wise. He's older. Let me answer a question. Did you think he's going to America for a lesson? Hey, if she ain't got better taste than that, good luck to her. That bitch. Maybe that's why she's crying all the time. Five, six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six, the of course who to help would do him? Anybody? No. No. I don't think so. You don't mean you were might be a hate to say this. You're wise of a younger than, no, more time. Oh, I didn't even look like him. I'm a major. Oh, you're a stand major. Who? Well, me just did that. Oh, that's the major. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Can you? Yes, sir. Yeah, I've dug it up in the National LLM line in Miami. Just a couple of comments. I mean, I've been rehashed on that thank God for Jan or Reno United State's honor. I just want to know, Jan at two. And you know, I say, finally standing up and not paying the rent and not bowing down and so forth and forth. Right. What an embarrassment. I mean, to give him 85 million chances and the answer was always the same. No, exactly. I mean, you can't, you can't negotiate with those people. Now they want to go and meet the sun. Maybe they should be afforded a five month wait. Yeah, where they can sit. Right. That's right. Yeah, well, well, look at our appointment calendar. We'll give you a date. Exactly. I sometimes and late all this might be good. That's that. That fisherman is our version of K-O-K one. It's unbelievable that that that man is there. He like your visa card. He is everywhere you want to be. And why? Why does the media keep interviewing this guy? Every time he's here to write he's having another press conference. But yesterday he's on there, I thought to where he was going to bust a gun. That's that girl. The call then. She says that Jan or Reno doesn't know what it's like to be a mother. Nor did she? She's never had children over her own. Oh, but she's a surrogate mama. She and believe me, if you've watched interactions these last few months, he's a mother. I think most would agree. He's a real mother. I agree. But if I don't even have a word in her case. The predictions are that these people are going to make a lot of money. Yeah. Off of this is not books including the fishermen. And this young lady not to be sarcastic or funny or anything like that. She may one day pose and play boy. You never know. I'm going to grow pissed. But that is the case. These people are going to get rich off of this at the day County expense of over $1 million. Right. And it's correct. And police salaries, the police did a fine job in keeping these people at control. And what a shame though that 35 blocks, because I think what they reported made it sound like all day County was on fire. The media is the way that they like poor trade and so forth. I think that's a few tires and a dumpster burning in the middle of that one. This section 27th in the flyer. And they acted like the whole city was on fire. You're right. I'm saying to you for letting us be a voice. At least for some of us to be heard. Okay. Have a great day. Thanks. Bye bye. 5 6 7 0 5 6. Calls today. People are living in the breathing and thinking callers. I'm very distressed over your asthma. This is too much facts there because you kind of come out of a closet is a professional tube in which I just don't know what to say to people who don't can't relate to the rest of us who just who just refuse to be obsessed with these things. Any more that I'm obsessed with is real. I'm obsessed with anything else. If you've got a personal obsession about something fine, but maybe not so fine. Maybe get some help. Or maybe just get a life. And don't try to force everybody else to share it. Don't try to impose it on everybody else. I'm not going to go on a whole soapbox thing. It's been said I've said it a billion times in life 20 years. I don't see anything going to change. As long as you've got all these guy been grand standing and they're still many them between the attorneys and the leaders. The self-employed leaders of all these organizations and you can't even keep track anymore. It would be attorney-dogeur the leader-dogeur every day. And then they, of course, the crazy guy with a wash band scratch on his head in the turbine. Here's Kendall, how are you doing? Great. Welcome back. Yes sir. You have a fact from a gentleman who said something about additional pictures. We've said, when I published, right. The last night CNN Newsstand showed him real quickly. And the fishermen, when he came out to the news conference, said, how that gentleman the guard, the police officer, right, tore the kid from his hands. Totally untrue. Yeah. Yeah. Sequence of pictures that we showed last night. The officer put his gun down. The fishermen took the kid and handed the kid to the INS agent, the email agent. The other guy, the other police officer, never tore the kid. They never even touched the kid. Right. So, you came out and saying, I was torn out of his hands. Let the children come in and they know these are traitors to the chikovic community. And you heard, he heard the gay sick kid to the woman free and clear. The gun was down already at that point. So he lied through his teeth at the news conference. He was just like the fact, says, you can't hold things with the photo opportunity. Was North history. He wouldn't have been in a closet with a door. He would have been in a closet with a door closed. He would have been hiding. That's right. But the point is, let everybody know. And the Harold refused to publish a sequence of pictures. With the gun was immediately put down. The females who came into the room and narrowed the fishermen. What happened to the kid with both hands to the female officer? Nothing was dragged out of his hands whatsoever. And that was shown last night. I'd seen him and knew him. The entire nation to see. So, that was nothing but a big liar. Like Mary Lace says, okay, thanks. I can't deny her, too. What? Well, I mean, did not owe Delrin. What kind of a name is that? You all? Are you starting with a guy named Bigos again? You're forgetting where we get most of our free food from. That's great. Oh, yeah. You better we continue. Pascal Falcone was just in here too with the free pizzas for you. And I'll tell you. Oh, I told you. I'll tell you in friends. Yeah. Speaking of that, by the way, Dorsontagian Markets is got five great locations that you'll Love shopping at just like I do. That's right. I love my Italian friends. Sunrise, plantation, Hollywood, cross, brings a West Book. In fact, just like they said in God's blood and two, the Italian people are wonderful people. Remember that Senator? Here's my offer, Senator. I'll forget about that. Anyway, you're going to love shopping at Dorsontagian. The brought to me. I got the get out of this game. It is the last thing I've ever do. I got the get out of this game. I used to be a star. I'm talking TV and movies. DJ Hooker. Emergency 911. You like St. John, right? It's got to be. Feed me up from this nightmare, gig. I was married. I got the company, H.R.Buffet's FindsLine.com. And things were going to work. No way. Things were going at all. So he says, you want to do a few commercials. They'll pay your turn of money. So I said, sure. It was a well. They said, hey, boo. You want to do it on TV? And I said, what do I design? I'm back on TV, baby. I'm going to be a star again. I'll be doing. Really doing. And then I realize, I'm a TV sponsor. Making fun of that. Really awful, terrible. My name is back in the 60s. I'm a parody of myself. Wow, wow. But my agent says, I already signed the contract. You're stuck. He says, I got to get out of this gig. Go. I'm a better line. If I do it. Thank you. It's a 144 or 5. So you can go and try to buy his wife. It's still dead. Here's the latest on our poll today. Our question, who is the biggest asshole of this bunch. Our doubt for the fisherman is still just barely in the lead. This is going to be a tough battle. I told you. 144 votes, 45.1%. But right on his ass, brettom is Maris Crazy. As Gonzalez with 101 only. Three votes are behind. 44.4%. And way in the end, Terri. His lives were only 22 votes, 9.6%. So it's between Denado, the fisherman, and Maris Crazy. Nekene Knows, Denose. And God don't know his what else. Although I have a fact here, it says, uh-huh. And anyway, last to be betrayed, eight and one, eight, four, pretty weak. Also the Anazdac is in the toilet. Even the Dallas turn negative now. And as the people continue losing our money for us, like his former style. They can't print it fast enough. I see nobody's doing Maris Crazy. So I guess, Lazarus said, so Eric has got that on the thing here. Also, why don't you urge about these, Sinures, and you read the thing that have it on the news last week? Somebody referred to her as Sinures and Lazarus jumped in and had to correct them. Because Sinures implies Maris or, right, he's not a virgin. So he said, they don't know, Sinures, he's pure. He actually said that. Or towards to that effect. So maybe he was her on the mirror, and not the virgin Mary. It was a different virgin. You think that might be a... Yeah, she's a virgin, right? I guess that... Well, we already had that one poll if you do it in rectum, and you're still a virgin. So I guess, you know. How many of the women is supported in the auto meeting with the Miami Relatives would be willing to turn mother, children are going to be raised by this family of Wackos, as another fact here. I don't think too many. Diane and Key Largo says, and having a hard time deciding with the biggest asshole, or the most unbalanced one. So I'll register half of Odee's for the auto and nurse free. See, she's got her right. Also, here's an interesting fact. It says, I wonder who'll be paying for date, how to employees in Miami City and boys to be off work tomorrow, will they be Dr. Days pay? How do you like that? I'm hiring mines one and out. Well, the text theory is being paying for people to hang out in to have a date of protest. New words as for Mary's lazy ass, shile. As in, I've been caring for this shile for a... The gochigate, just like that, like three times. Bloodshed, eat brains. Now, maybe she's got that confused with Schmitford brains, which is what she's got. And then change as in somebody's feeling the change and it ain't the fisherman. Okay, let's do Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay, okay. I just been having a good time listening to this stuff. You did a great job this morning on your monologue. I wish that was on tape. I know everybody. You're always great. I'm great that we have CNN international, so I didn't miss a thing over there and I was there. And then, I got the answer to them and being six hours ahead, I had the light up to the speaker, everybody else. I got to just a few things here. I just want to let you know that my fast was running hot today when my resume is going out. Any word here? Right. That's it. Can't blame you for that. But I didn't... I've been watching this from the get-go. But on Friday night, they were still talking and Saturday morning I left early. And when I was eating breakfast up in water, they all somebody said they got to kid. And I thought they were pulling my legs. It's not on the note. They went in and got to kid. So, anyway, I say visit the whole day. I got back and watched the 10 o'clock news or whatever. And I was just amazed at everything. And I just want to make a few comments and that is... The far as that gun goes, that gun's in that picture is not even pointed at them. It's pointed to the side. Right. And the guy has his hand not on the trigger, but outside the trigger guard. Right. And you had made an mention about earlier today and so. And the fisherman, I about died when I saw that the fisherman was at the house at like 4.30 or 5 in the morning. Right. He's just never going away. He's always there. He was on the plane when they went when they slept up there to chase after the kid. On the plane to watch him. There he was right next to Lazaro. And then I'm thinking that, okay, maybe this thing's over. Then they say, no, the family's going up there. They've had that kid for 4 or 5 months. The fathers had them for 2 hours. Right. And they're already on their way up there. They want to see the kid. No way. They shouldn't let them see that kid for like somebody else. They're like 4 or 5 months. Yeah. Yeah. Equal time I say. If you feel a thing drags on that long, I say a 4 or 5 months on very reasonable. Oh man, I'd say that. And then when I saw the whatever the guy's name is with the dimma crush, the movement. I about died on that one. I mean, I'm not really for those 5. But I am so sick of them getting their way. And one thing you can do not understand most of them is the word no. This is what this says. I'm going to ask you what kind of an injury would you have to sustain? Even if he did get the bottom of a rifle in the head. What kind of an injury would you have to have? The heavier a whole head she wanted with a turban like he was going to become a mummy or something. Well, what was that? I don't know. I just say I just say like the finally the government did what they should have done. And that was like, you said that's the only way they could do it. They can't wait till there's a thousand people there. They have to do it where you get in. You get out. Nobody got hurt. Even the police guy from the city of Miami even said that it was a good operation because nobody got hurt. It was in. It was out. You're not going to sit there and have a debate with those people at that time. Right. The orders to go. Who was asked and forceful and three minutes and goodbye and that was the end of it. And I was here when you said, would you please give me the kit? Well, hop out of our weight five minutes. Would you give them to me that you just say what you're in there for? You give them. You go. Everybody in the city. These these. Apologies for the family who are saying, well, you know, we expect to see this in Common is Cuba. I guarantee in Common is Cuba. There wouldn't have been any AP photographer allowed to be in the house. And then he wouldn't have been allowed to snap the pictures and whoever would have been in the position of authority wouldn't have said, don't interfere with the photographer and the World will be there. Exactly. Because you can tell that photographer obviously is what a photo two or three away from the fight from that. They could have snatched the camera from the guy in bus to the back. They can definitely get in the January 1 and head. How about your house? You're a serial error, but January no game is specific. Or you don't interfere with the photographer. I'm saying it wasn't like it was, you know, they want to do it. They wanted to go out and film. It wasn't like they did a poor job. They forgot to get it. Like you said, they just let them have it. Right. Anyway, you're doing a great job. I wish that I was as articulate as you are. I hope someday, and maybe you'll. You'll kind of speak up about this kind of stuff. You know, hopefully even further, I mean, like I say down here, it's pressure monopoly of the Spanish. And not all of them see it the way that that consensus group does. But I'll say it's miserable for those that are not, partying to any of that stuff down here. I've lived it a long time. Have a great day for our years. OK. Thanks, fight. It's 151 and 560W. Your stations were all South Florida's board. It is. Or radio 560U. AF. If you're taking your vacation in the middle east this summer, you'll miss a new and raining in the amusement park. Six turbines over to Rome. That six turbines. You can go on a full scale. You're right. That's that. The toughest room has sky jet or riding my autobus. The 200 mile an hour roller coaster that changes directions for no occur at least. Has your terrorism skills on the midway? It's low up an actual bus full of people at three main blocks. Since it's up to the isolation station and whack yourself when I head 12 times for Chesterbuck. Then, after your toes to the sins of third world come in music to get stars like cool, mini-per-row. Please, your appetite for the slope, tell the worst it's dry and on a faggle. Get ready for 440 more days of drills and drills. Visit St. Rubin's over to Rome. It'll steer our sea high down. I know who can be one of right now. Let's hear it for a while, man. Let me say. Here is the West Palm Beach, fellow. There we go on. Great. I got a few things. The government was very meticulous to what they did. Yeah. They've been all they were in and out in the boom boom boom. It's funny the family is saying, hey, we didn't have any guns. But they didn't know that. They heard that you guys, they're like, you know, the governments said that they thought they had guns. They heard there was people that said they had guns there. And they also had the security guard there, who we said, I always see walking around with a gun strap to his ankle. So, you know, the government didn't know. They're going in there taking their spare guns. Right. The other thing is also, did you see the lawyer to the family that scow on his face? We're with one. We're going to go in. Can't go, can't go, can't go. Yeah, yeah, that was the one. Yeah. He had the press conference room for January. No. Every time he said something, he had the he had the scow on his face. OK, that was one, two. The government, B.C. went around the house. Who's that B.C. right? The government, B.C. was up to guy who went around the house on the tour, showing all the stuff that had happened. I don't know. I've been so many of my came and separated. But the worst was, yes, there was something that he has been radio. The guy from the Harold that does the morning show on sound. He said, he said, you said things are so bad down here. Well, they really weren't. He was on a phone saying they were so bad down here. He said, if being in a studio, he could have been. He could have done that. He was on a phone saying he was bad. He went out of ranch. The government was bad. And he was crap. He had to cry about certain things. You know, I'm thinking myself, I don't know if we're here on this. I think that's the same guy. When Kidana Bansu does the same guy when a marons one world series in 97, who wrote that job, not just article about, oh, well, I don't feel like my amy headed to the Q&A when the Q&A has moved on. He didn't know, but that's the best. The ultimate was when they showed pictures of him smiling with the father. They asked some guy on the crowd and he said, well, his mother taught him to be like that, saying it's the mother. You know, this whole thing just turned out to be a big mess to the humans and the government to the right thing. Okay. Are you taking these? Thanks a lot. So mama taught him this smile. I said, I'm like, I'm command. I guess so maybe they have been brainwashed. Now maybe on the plane flying up there, they had somebody brainwashed him working on him. What was that plate of repeat? Here's a camera. Hello. Hey, you know, I already did. Okay. Just one quick thing. You know, I'm not surprised by anything that some of the politicians like the Airs for Martin, the Eugenor, or Clayton, and say, although I wish some media person would just simply ask them one question and say, well, why you're talking bad about Clinton and Reno, if that was your boy, wouldn't you have something nice to say about him? And, you know, it doesn't surprise me with what they're saying, but what surprised me a lot is Bob Graham. Well, I want to ask all of you. But really, it's a worse. Let me tell you something. I can't believe this guy would be doing this several years ago. I'm of army and descent. And Bob Gold, the ball people, which introducing a bill and the Senate, to recognize the genocide of the Armenians. And just to put a data side and recognize it. So I wrote a letter to Bob Graham, who has a Miami office, and delivered it to him and they said, you know, I'm Armenian, and this was a great human atrocity during World War I. And I hope you, I hope I can tell you for your support. And I can just as answer was no. His answer was Turkey is too strong of an ally of us now that we can't vote for it. And it ended up being still a monster by the Senate. Now, the same guy, you know, a guy, the kids, has the right to have a decision in order. There's no Turkey up in Switzerland. See, here, you've got to understand. There's no Armenians to have a great day, pal. Oh, I mean, just to remember Turkey's his middle name. There you go. Yeah. Okay, we've got to get out of here. You've got to get out of this place. Bill, whatever his name was, said, it's a symbol, you know, it's just astonishing. And so I just came back yesterday on a plane and it's like we never missed a beat. It's just continues on and on and on and wherever and. So, I'll be your Roger show on. Hi, guys. You're welcome. You a m my heavy front water dale.