Sports Radio fires. They're probably my way. My amy for Lonerdale. You're just a kneeell Roger show to talk to kneeell call 567-0560 toll free for David Rowerton or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of kneeell is guest callers. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM. Beasy re-dequisitions or the Beasy broadcast group. No. Neal Rogers on Sports Radio 560-08M. I am really with the four factors. Happy 24th anniversary kneel. Good luck to rest of you. The following is a paid public service announcement from the International Rightful Association. Let's face. Most of us will never be rich. Hell, we probably won't even be successful. And that's pretty damn depressing. But as usual with every problem, there is a solution. Hi. I'm Jim and I'm here to tell you a little something about handgun. Stay scared. There's a lot of people. And timid aid damage. Giving you whatever you want. That's right. Handgun. Think about it. Need some cash? Drop a bank. Don't have enough money for beer. All the convenience. Take chips and pretals wire at. It's all free. You've got a handgun. Some son of a bitch, cheating on your girlfriend. Kill him. The simple solution of life's complex props. Why have to do is wait to 5 days for it. And happiness is just around the corner. Hell, if you don't want to wait to 5 days, who cares? By the dancing of the street, just buy a lot of handguns. It's a great alternative to working problems out. If you consider the population controls. Yes, handguns. They just might make your bank. That's true. Rather than you like it, we've got your door need to be up to the prison. You've tried it. Smoke a bullet stove and ride around and it's up to the beat. You've got a readier, so you just want to sell. Happy anniversary to me. All right. You're listening in this round as for real. Hey, what a joke. Hey, you promised to remind me of the round just because you're that famous party. You sound from the act inside, take the bread off your sandwich. I can't fall through the merrily man there. Oh, oh, right. You're the best. Yes. You really put my hand me through the town. Yes. You're a jerk, so it's a no-to-day. You're a jerk, so it's a no-to-day. You're a jerk, so it's a no-to-day. You're a jerk, so it's a no-to-day. Are you? You're the way for a weekend to start a tough part of love. Hey, yeah. But happy anniversary, me all with love, you're so-so. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Oh. Wait a minute. Today's the first of March. I must say, I had the year wrong. Maybe that's what it was. I don't forget that the brand didn't go to the works. Yeah, but wouldn't it say black and nothing with how you don't say it's brings, but it didn't. Yeah. Happy anniversary, me all. Well, thanks so much. 24 years of service to the community. Yeah, and did you notice all this stuff in the paper about it today? Oh, yeah, I'm peppermint. Yeah, not a word. Anything in the Harold? No. No. Nothing in the paper? No. They're waiting for the twilight. How about this larger paper? No. No. Nothing in the coil springs. I just know. No. Well, anyway. Anyway. Anyway. I'm sure you're going to get all these claws from bigs. Oh, no, no, I better not. No, not. I think I'll hang up and write everybody else's call. Wish you a happy new year. Okay, thanks a lot. Thank you so much. Yeah, look at that. They're flooding that phone. Are they flooding the phone? No. No, it's symbol crap. By the way, speaking of pressure, man, this pool that I was, I always come up with a good pull question. We've had a few kind of boring ones, but if you're going to take a pull, if you're going to do something with a pull. So yesterday, we've been going to take a pull. So yesterday, we did that stupid pull because it would be anter was obvious. Everybody wants to see naked people on TV. But it came up with a great pull. I mean, this one so close. I tense, tense, nip and tuck. And one point of like 122 votes, and it was 61 of peace. Neck and neck nose to nose. What a horse race we got between. Brittany and Jennifer are pull question. Very simple one. Who has the better ass? An error from our website says as you can see, the votes like the subject matter are split down the middle. Back to him is what Eric says. I mean, the lead is like seesaw back and forth from one cheek to the other back and forth. And at the moment, Brittany holding a slim a hair, a hair like curly hair like lead over Jennifer. 240 votes, Brittany with 122 and Jennifer with 118. 50.8% Jennifer with 49.1. John McCain only wishes he would have come to this close last night anywhere anywhere in the universe. Did he come this close? No, boy, this thing is sure playing out just the way Al Gore wants it. Isn't it? Man. Playing out really beautiful. So are we going to do the same pull. We're going to rephrase it. What you said, how we're going to phrase it today. Huh? No, sir. I think that's a good idea. This is getting more attention than all other boring crap. Things about gun control. Stuff like that. Nobody gives a flying crap about because this is America. People just want to get laid. That's you really kind of shot their concern about. Good score. Right. That kind of shot. Maybe we asked a pull question about Peter North. Do they have any idea who that is? Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah, well, well, we're going to do phrasing for that with Brittany and the Jennifer because obviously there's a tremendous amount of interest there. No question about that. See, I thought it would be pretty close to the beginning because Jennifer, her whole thing is her ass. I mean, the rest of her, you could quite. Yeah, exactly. Frankly, most people live without. But her asses are claim to fame. Maybe we should have added Ricky Martin on the list. No, you didn't let me finish. You didn't let me finish. You didn't let me finish. Who's got the better ass and who's using it more these days? Yeah. No local contemporary, baby. Hands down, so to speak. When we take a pull on who's the biggest ass. Not who has the biggest ass. Yeah. Well, that's also hands down his pants. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. This thing in Michigan yesterday. I mean, I could dwell on this all day. I could just go on and on and we'll do any good. Oh, no. And maybe somebody in the audience can tell me, how come it is we haven't seen the parents yet? We haven't seen the parents. We certainly haven't seen little kid who did the shooting. And we have to again apologize for the media getting it wrong as usual. Was it an accidental shooting? No, that's what they reported for us. They took the gun to this school to show what often I accidentally went off. Was that what happened? No, of course not. He had a little spat with his little girl in the play in the school yard that they before. And he decided, well, I'm going to show you a thing or two bits. And now he's dead. Six years old. Does America care? No. Does America whipped up into a frenzy? No. How the gun, how to distill his crazy is ever? Oh, yeah. And there's one statistic. Well, there's several statistics. That I saw yesterday. 10 kids die from handguns in this country every day. Every day accidents on purpose somewhere in between 10 kids children die every day in the West from handguns. And the statistic that bubblegabies today, the accidental gun death rate or this accidental, which wasn't yesterday's case because yesterday was intentional. The accidental gun death rate of children in America is nine times higher than the other 25 biggest countries in the world. Let's hear it America. Nobody's even close to us. Nine minutes after 10 and five, 60 WQM. No portion of this broad desk may be reproduced without the express written commission of WQAM. These three reads, as well as the acquisition court. And the second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one is the second one. The second one. Jim McFerrobehe devisio did her internal arrest at a new level in weekends, It was said that early twenty two A&M people did the acquisition court. jedia corouse I'm a personal further fanters and you've been listening to new rule out just for twenty four years If you keep listening And now on the campaign trail with George W. bot today, America's arbeitet addresses the unionized workers here in Nevada. Stop here, lie to Nevada. I want to be your president. Guess I can relate to the ignorant blue collar worker. Don't say that. The ignorant worker all over the world. Hey, but, what are you all about working? I've never had worked today in my entire life. And smooth, silky, pommala. You're soaking in a bunch of squads. Let's go to the next question. Yo, my! A hester. Yeah, well, you're going to end now water. Good question. The important substance in the tip. Marijuana legalization. No. Absolutely not. Cocaine. Yes. Instant pain, heroin, probably. I've made you an infetiment with Adada. We're going to add a death. We're going to add a death. Now you. Where do you want to do for the black man? Thanks for asking. First thing I'd like to do. See me one up close. Not too close. No touching. Perhaps maybe get a lot of luck. Can I get a lot of luck? Sure, sure. Thank you very much. We got to go. Oh, yeah. Same trail with George W. I ride 10-15. He's doing it for me. The Republicans. They sure know how to pick him. Oh, yeah. Man. And those those right wingers. They're Jerry Falwell and Ty Robertson people. They're getting porked off at that John McCain. They're starting to get really pissed off and fired up. It probably is kind of November. Are they going to be able to do anything? No. They're going to just nail the final nails and write in his ass. Just kind of have to sit back with a big ghost smirk on your push. I mean, Al Gore may be boring, but they're never less. What do you see on it? On it, that's NBC. They took kind of a humorous pull about. Who would you rather spend if you were stranded on an island somewhere? Or in a house, lock in a house? Who would you rather be in there for 24 hours with? And Gore needless to say it was last because of the boredom factor. It said, who would you rather be dead than be locked in the house for 24 hours with? And Gore went out one too. But it also said if you were going to cheat on a high school face or a college test who's shoulder would you rather look over and say, Al Gore? I don't think Bush did too good on that. No. Anyway, I'm looking at the abysnest section of today's mommy of the, Sun Sentinel. I'm sorry. And on the last inside page, the last outside page I tore it out. So I have no idea. It's on page 90 this morning. Here's a full page ad. Now usually when I see these full page ads, I say, Oh, yeah, here's another scam. And maybe this is another scam. For human growth hormone. Makes you look and feel 20 years younger. I've been reading about this stuff. It says experts in the New England Journal of Medicine, Science Newsweek, Time and More Report. Human growth hormone makes you look and feel 20 years younger. And of course they're peddling this up. And guess what? Is it a pill? No. No. Is it a shot? No. It's another oral spray. You just spritz it. Scored score it in your mouth. In your pussy. And it tells you what happens after one month and after two months and after six months, you look good. If you're like 75 now, you look like a teenager. We should have had some of this with us on Saturday. That's seminal Indian casino in Hollywood. We should have had a big ol' supply there. I'm getting better there. Yeah, that's right. We should have, we could have a spun wheel and Miguel could have dunked him in the tank for like 30 seconds. They could have said, Thanks. Thanks a lot, Sonny. And then like half hour later, they would have been like teenagers all over again. So maybe somebody in the audience knows something about HCH because I'm thinking to send it away for this. I mean, you know, so many couple hundred bucks versus six months apply. So a couple hundred bucks among friends when you're a big shooter. Oh, and you say shooter, there goes again start with that anti gun stuff. See, I understand why most of you don't want to talk about it because I'd be embarrassed to. If I lived in a bar bearer country and I tried to defend it. Speaking of the indefensible and that Michael Mayow business there at the end of the worst team this morning. You guys have such a bunch of pussy's such a bunch of antelikers. It's just nauseating. Just puking, dozing, especially that beef. Now, we'll say this. He did bring the thing up about helpers. That was good. That was a good start before, but did he hold his feet to the fire? Oh, did he really make a man to the question? Oh, it was just a same old Yucky Yucky Yucky, you know, all that same old Ash Lapp and hand grab and arm twist and crap. Shame on you, Michael Mayo. God only knows that you got just swill in your column. Just like this morning again, when he listed 85,000 different things that are going on in sports during the month of March. Somewhere in that column, you could have taken like one sentence and apologize to Dave Halberstein. It said, oh, by the way, never too late to say you're sorry. Did he do it? No, do you ever going to do it? No, because he's full of crap. And I'll tell you another guy who's full of crap, but I'm just catching on to him is this Josie Lambby, you know, this bald headed guy who came over and produced himself to me at a hockey game couple weeks ago. This guy is, I was very irritated when he wrote that thing about Robbie Needema at the other day. Forgetting about hockey ability, okay? Just talk it as a human being. Robbie is a good kid. He does a lot for charity. Most of the hockey players, they're good in the community. They do a lot of charity work. And he writes in there about something in the keys that he forgot. He was supposed to be there. And it takes a shot at him. See, Josie, you're getting so, it's so predictable. So this morning he writes, okay, kiddies, I'm taking time off the show. So I'll throw it to my mom. But first, these clarifications, I feel bad to have reported that Panthers Rob Needema are skipped in public service function without adding that he's usually a sweet heart about helping charities, which is his way of saying that he's full of crap and probably took a lot of flack for writing that Swill. Which I forgot to mention it, but I was going to cause I read it. Come on, Josie, get with the program, okay? And by the way, thanks for your wishes for happy 24th anniversary from you and Tom Jika and the Terry Jackets and all the other people that write the newspapers in this town. Was there a word written? No, that's okay. Did I expect any? Of course not, because at least they're consistent. Oh, who cares about these anniversaries? You know, maybe next year if he makes it, the 25th, that'll be a big number quarter of a century, you know? Do you think they're writing anything then? No, no, I don't. God forbid, although I will say, Tom Jika, at least Tom, thank God for my good buddy Tom Jika, you know? There's the one guy who at least isn't afraid to put my name in a paper even though he's a piece of fish, but that we love you Tom. And I'm sure we just an oversight on your part. Wasn't it Tom? Oh, yeah. Probably also an oversight on Michael Mayo's part for not apologizing to Dave Halberstein. Here's for Lauderdale, hello. Yes? Uh-huh. You mentioned the, we haven't seen it. How come I can really hear you? Why are you whispering? I'm at work. Oh, okay. Me too. Benjamin Evans and the father of that guy. That's because he'd be living in jail. Yeah. The little kid. The kid's father. The father is in jail. What about the Mio Mama? I don't know. I think last I heard with the misinformation from the media, they can't find her or something. They can't find her. I don't think so. So here's the six year old kid that's living in home and has come back to the apartment with guns and weapons and crap and drugs all over the place. Going guns. Yeah. Yeah. Well, there must be somebody in there. I think there might be some special reason why they're not showing us these people. Yes. And they also mean what reason is that is. Uh, the biggest sick and needs help. I guess. That last caller you had, that was a race boy from the infamous point four, rated Rick and Studge show. Ian. And Brittany, she makes me go scored scored. Okay. 560, well at least there's two listeners to Rick and Studge. There's George and Raceboy. Oh, whatever. They call him. They used to call him Raceboy now and Rick and Studge when the numbers come out to call him E-Raceboy. 567560, pound five 60 on it. Look at this. Same old crap. 24th anniversary on a year and we got a couple of calls on the board. You people like I said before, just as predictable as Michael Mayo. They are intractable and immovable objects. They refuse to care. They refuse just just a little kindness in their hearts. Just to pretend they care. Just to be nice. Just to say something nice. Will they do it? No. They suck. Even if I had tickets for the Leafs Panthers game tonight. You know the hockey tickets for a nice game. Then you'd see some action here on the phone. Then you'd see all these women start calling. Oh, we love you. You're so wonderful. Could I suck around for those tickets? Yes. Sock this, honey. Man. What a place this is. Maybe they're waiting for that new phone to come in. You think that's it? Yeah, so am I. By the way, now that I mentioned it. First it was going to be the 14th of February. Do you remember that 14th of February? Yes. Redery came in here and made that story and statement. It was going to be February 14th. You remember that day? He came in and stood right over here. Right to my right. And played it in blood. February 14th. Did we get it on February 14th? No. No. Then it was going to be the first of March. The eyes of March or something like that. March one. Today is March one. Last time we checked. Is it here yet? No. I just mentioned that in passing because between the end of the end of between the 14th of February and today March one. We've had more problems again and again with this guy. The NPC graph phone system which doesn't work. How many weeks? How many months can go by before the one of these. He's finally decided to make a commitment to this program. Is it ever going to happen? No, we doubt it. In fact, that could be our pull question. Will we get the phone before Michael Maywell. Pollock judge today in Halberstein? That's not going to be our pull question, but that would be a good one. That's going to be our pull question today. Ricky Martin, do you think he's gay? What? Yes or no? Yeah, your name is Ricky Martin gay. Or see don't care. No, no. Don't give them out. Don't give them all these extra options. If they don't care, then get away from our website. Okay. Get away from our thing. Ricky. Here's a mobile in Cooper City. Hello. How are you, Neil? I've got a first. Thanks so much for carrying it off to Cindy very best. Well, wait. I don't have two cards already. Oh. Well, I actually should have sent you a card, but I want to give you a personal thank you for two things. One for at least 15 years better thing, but that's a long I've been listening since you went to Zeta. And two, in all the years you've been on the air, I believe that I have gotten the grand prize for you. And what was that? I never thank you for it. Yeah. A trip to Buffalo. This is the guy who called when we were in IOD. We give him the trip to Buffalo to see the dolphin bills give him a call. Hank to tell him what a great time he had. No, remember I explained that you're not the guy? No, I definitely have. So why is the answer no? What, what? If George is saying no, I'll tell you that George made me a cake. Oh, you just said no. You just said no three times already. You're the guy. I did. You just said no two more times. You said no, I'm going to not take you're the guy. And why are you so defensive about him just stating a fact you're the guy. We had a big contest at IOD. Somebody went to two tickets and the trip to Buffalo to go see the dolphins in the bills game. You won. You came back to town and you called Hank who was there. You know, I was over there and you called Hank on this station to tell him. Hey, I got a great time you had. That's partially true. I explained this. Well, what part of it was untrue? I did call him, but he was giving the dolphins. He was derating the dolphins because of their performance. And I called him to tell him that I was there and it was cold and windy. And it was a bad day and he wasn't there. So he doesn't know what he was talking about. Yeah, which I did call him. You're really my friend. Hank is that what you're doing? Yes, I am. Oh, boy. Go ahead. Wait, no, there's more. I never had a game. Hank yesterday the first 20 minutes of his show. I must have been fantastic. If he could have only heard what the other guy would be other people were saying. Because he's out at the rail and he was talking to these people. And you couldn't hear a word that they were saying. You know, people had just dropped by and it was like, I wanted to I was listening on the car going home and I wanted to poke him. And the ribs would like a with a ram rot or something say, Hey, Fatso, you're on the air now. You know, we can't hear what these other people are saying. But nevertheless, go ahead. I'm sorry. Oh, he did say one thing. He said that one lady had nice, you know what? Oh, you know, did you hear that Hank said, tips on the air yesterday? That's right. You certainly did. Wow, you can't say that on this show. I'm going to go. You can't. But I never got a chance to tell you the best part of that whole trip. Okay. I'll make it pretty freely. You've used that. I know it's 30 eight years ago. We sat with the people from continental airlines and they told me that if I can continue to say that airlines name on the air like a whole, they would give me two free tickets first class anywhere in the country. And I did. I got a cape of the show. I sent it to the guy who was ahead of marketing. He was in like North Carolina or something. Yeah. And I got two tickets. And I used them to go to Seattle and had a fantastic time there. And it was, it was a fence. I never got a chance to tell you because I was on the blacklist for five years. Oh. So, I thank you. You'll call it as wild and tell her you had a good time in Seattle when you get back. Ooh. Have a great day. Hahaha. You know, as wild, the one that says the crap on here is using all my little, uh, the toppings that I stole from Rick and son. And says penis and vagina a lot because she's desperate. 27 after 10 at 5. 60s WQAM. Ooh, frosty nads. Are you a corporate decision maker looking to make the right choices for yours? That's me. If you want the streamlined the process try using the any meaning money. Mo system. Just take a look at someone who recently almost completed our training program. Dr. Men are as you can tell by the celebrity colorful chart. We've had equal success with these past buyers. But because of limited resources, we only have enough money to back one company. Well, sir, I think we all know what to do. Proceed. Meanie. Meanie. Catch it tiger by the. Don't think that your newfound knowledge will go unrewarding. Meanie. Mo. Congratulations, Jenkins. So if you're dumb at a dirt, why not use the any mini money. Mo system in your office today coming soon. The one potato, two potato system in the magic eight ball. Thank you. 32 at 5. 60 WQAM. Meanie. Okay, so tiger by the toe. Is that how that goes? Yes. No, it's not. It's the politically correct way to do it. That's not how that goes. Any mini money, Mo. Catch a. What's the word that goes in there? Not tiger. Oh, maybe the tiger would say we're cut. Yeah. 5.670560. And by the way, what they're not. Negretos anyway. Presumers. Right. Where'd you learn that? Oh, my life. 560560. Pond 560 on the AT&T line. Here's our only Puerto Rican listener. Ralph C. He says Ricky Martin. That's when I galeena. Loka. Gaine. What is it? That's right. Two else in Esponio. Seattle. I see this stuff and I want to read the. Tadina. I don't want to read this. Victor. That's when the galeena loca, which means. Crazy chicken. Oh. So, thanks a lot, Ralph. See. I only Puerto Rican listener and George H. I love Ralph. He's a good guy. Oh, you know what? He's got two appearances. Oh, there you go. Well, speaking to coming out to appearances. Guess well, it's going to be a fast wish. We're going to be happy anniversary. We sides chronic mic to facts are in candle. Paul from camera room. See, I'm not reading your fastball from camera room. Because you stiff us on Saturday. We might have even talked to you there on Saturday because quite frankly, you would have been one of the only people on the edge of a hundred and living and breathing. We're not on the feet. We could have dealt with it. We were saving you a goddamn seat. Even Miguel was saving you a spot there at the wheel. You could have spun it. We were going to dunk you in that tank. So, thanks a lot for coming out. Not Paul from camera room. You've phony ballooning you. 567.0560. Pond 560 on the AT&T line. And you ought to see any women on his phone back now? No. What are you giving away? No, see that that's my point. Who would be generally the people called saying happy anniversary. I know that you would be the women who have nothing else to say allegedly. But certainly they're the ones you get to card from. You know, I didn't say plural I said singular. But boy, if I had hockey tickets for nights Toronto Panthers game at the Macarena which I see in a paper this morning 3000 unsold tickets. How embarrassing. Here's a mobile in pop and a hello. Neil Guy. Yes sir. I wanted to wish you congratulations on 24 years. I don't know how you've done it. I know. I've been down here for five and have a rather rather listener. Come in on my 24th anniversary and it's still the same dead response. How do you like that? Isn't that pathetic or what? God. You're the one thing to make life down here tolerable. I mean, I'm saying to these people don't send me a gift. Don't even send me a card. Just pick up the phone and send you very best. And will they do it? No, they won't do it. No. No. It's like the bumper sticker if you're not out of rage. You're not paying attention. Appreciate you. Exactly. And thanks to you, not your encouragement. But I joined the ACLU and started to think it was my head for myself for the first time. Good for you. And thank you enough. Okay. Happy anniversary. And thanks a lot. See, there's a guy that didn't have a whole lot to say. But he was an ice guy. It was being nice on his one day. Once in a great while, like on Christmas day, how about Christmas day? No, Hanukkah, film kipper, of course, did you like Columbus day? No. Halloween? No. Just one day out of the year being a nice person. You don't even know you live here in South Florida. You don't have to be a prick every day. Just one day out of the year being a nice person. Come on. Once. Maybe for five minutes. What do you say? No. What do you do it? No. Pastries. Here's a nice card from Lawn and Sherry who delivered personally. I went into Georgetown. There's thank God. I missed him. I mean, I didn't see him. Another nice. And they run a place called Art and the Fancel Lane. And they frame stuff. I guess. Or whatever else they do. So they sent by a beautiful poster, the skyline of Toronto, Ontario. It's been time for a nice, least, Panthers game. How do you like that? Thanks a lot, Lawn and Sherry. We got it up on the wall. There'd be honey right now. There's the CN Tower and the Skydome right behind me. Which I'm sure it probably must be there. They're there. Believe me. They're still there. So speaking of that last game between, and now let's give away these Panthers at least tickets for Night. What do you say? Five Jack. And now I have the Coslaw. Coslaw. Rakes life. Five Jack to the line. Got around Adam. Being for he was knocked down. And it's time for him to go on a penalty kill. Got in ahead to Adam. Now you scavenged his into the run. The Panthers game on top. He's going to the two guys. So the Chorn hit him and go on with time. It's four. Oh, wow. Oh, right. Oh, right. Don't even steal the show. Well, the Panthers take a break. Press the Tazan. Back in for Donnie was knocked down. And what's the turn? Time looking for his dick. Passed in the center by Antropos. Antropos, Jolik. Oh, holy, Macadana. Five, four, a pervano. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. Oh, wow. It's 30 minutes to go third. Here he is. Five, four, a pervano. He's kept up for something to eat. There's been quite the one in a very short amount of time. Press the Tiff inside, Jolik. You gotta catch the ball from that half-perv... His first, didn't have to draw a hockey one. And then he's made six to four. That was one of our own times. One of our fighting games, wasn't it? It was one of the most exciting games of the year here. I'll tell you that right now. Sorry, Harry, he hasn't really mean that. Did I mean that. No. Okay. Yeah, we got Jolik bowling. Harry Neil and Ton, the best one. Two points in North America. I'll tell you that right now. I'm right about that. Yeah, we've got your sweetest. And then Rimmer calls me out. And this is embarrassing. He just will give you some material. remember calls me last night in the middle of the leafs Atlanta game, leafs of course winning for nothing with Mary Helian, Gulligan, the girls team, but at any rate, so he calls me after the leafs had scored the first goal to tell me that Joe Bowlin missed a call because he was busy talking about a baseball or something like that. And so I rewind the tape because I turned over to another something else for a second and I didn't miss it. He was talking about something else that he missed a call. No. And I said, remember for you to be knocking Joe Bowlin is one of the most honest and I'm going to talk about it on the year tomorrow. Well, I hope that everybody tells Joe Bowlin at the arena night that Jeff Rimmer was knocking him on the ear on the phone to me last night. Talk about professional jealousy. Huh? Man. The rim man. Although he is a straight shooter, the rim man, even though it's only as well. It's not as well. Yeah, if he pulls something out of his pocket, Rimmer, you can be sure it's not as well. Like the guy said yesterday in the facts, which was absolutely correct. Not in my buddy Joe Bowlin. You got some freaking nerve man, Rimmer. I'll tell you that right now. Shame on you. And that partner in crime ears that stupid frog Denise Pac-Fan was middle name is. Yeah. 21 before 11 at 560 WQM. When a toughest sports radio, he wrote the book, Goldberg. I heard an interview the other night with Peter Gamman with Jim Bowlin. Yes, Thouc's for CFPN. This is Jim Bowlin. Come for the hammer. This is the KQAM. Sports radio, 560. 10, 10, 10, 10. This is your horn, the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers. Welcome. Jennifer Lopez. You've got you, buns. Welcome. I'm going to admit it's not the sun. There are hot so few that will never stand. Nothing goes under your giant canton. If a Lopez will stand. Don't lay it with him. Go again. We can't believe that you're butt-widening. Let us know when it's the snowy. There's a full question. He said a better answer. I don't know if I can't tell Brewer and a corner-holding. That might be a good pull question. We're not really doing a Ricky Martin thing. I don't want to get Eric all a little whipped up and haven't put that thing on there. What? He's not that foolish. Is he Ericino's better than that? It was just a joke. We don't waste our time with pulls to which the question is obvious. As in that case. Eric. Fine. Look at this. We've got bookends here on your phone lines right now. One or eight. Who do we appreciate? Do we appreciate either one of them? No. Let's get this one out of the way. This is the man that was sick for six weeks for. I was diagnosed as having Andy Mastazes. You know what? You're pleat for call. I call you if they have the anniversary and that's how I get responded. Of course because your last call was up, noxious and maybe six or six weeks. What are you talking about? It's all all those tests I had. The doctor said remember that. And I'm discussing call from Andy Mastazes. He said that's what made you sick. That's the one to tell me off the air. Why? Just right. I just wanted to call when she had the anniversary. Happy 24 in South Florida. And now it's about it. I know there's 20 of other people that want to talk to you. I just wanted to just tell you all the intellectuals are lined up. When the talk came out. Yeah. I'm Andy. Hey, hey Neil. You know, I hate St. Louis and they're very boring and they're horrible to watch. But, boy, they're looking good, you know. See Andy. Yeah, nice win over the flyers last night by the way for the blues. I'm hanging on for a dear life there in the end. They beat them nice going. Anytime Philly loses, it makes a happy day for me. I'll tell you that right now. The spies, the flyers. They make me nauseous. They want to make me puke with all the respect of my good friend, Ryan from Philadelphia. Your team makes me nauseous. Out of town line is open 877756345. Monastana, hallila, how's that? Why is this day in different from any other than any different? No. The same old crap. Let's put Marshall on right after Andy from Andy Moss. Andy from Hunger. How's your call on Marshall? How's your challenge coming? Neil, have you anniversary served? Thanks, Marshall. I wanted to say something to you in a coupons age. Yes, it was a little bit of a chronic in the past, but I just wanted to say happy anniversary. Yes. And also, you showed me the light nine years ago with what I started listening to you show. And I was open minded and I didn't think God existed, but you showed me the light. And you basically brought me out of the closet about not believing in God. So I thank you for that. I'm a 100% atheist. Yeah. Good for you, sweetheart. And I think you wish you the best I've been a virtue and you're the man, Neil. Thanks, Marshall. Talk to you later. OK, I'm going to watch where you put those marshmallows. Well, I have to put a poll question. They let's do a little religious poll. What's wrong with that? Not a nice one. But the poll has to be, this is how it's got to be put. If Eric is listening, which I'm sure he is, because there's money involved for him. But at any rate, why? He's cleaning up this last couple of weeks. He's loving it, and any? But here's the deal. Now, this is not what you were born. See, I want, in fact, he ought to put that on there. How do you phrase this? What religion do you consider yourself? And then in parentheses, not what you were born into? And that makes sense? What are you? No, religiously. We don't want to put asshole on the category because that would've been overwhelmingly. No, no, no, no. What are you? What do you believe? No, I don't know. What was wrong with the way that I'm? No, I don't. Maybe they don't have a subscription. OK, they can't afford it this week because those hockey tickets are expensive. What was wrong with the idea? I don't know. And that's not what you're not. No, it's not. No, it's not. What was wrong with the audience? For the audience, but for the way it's got to say it on there on the website on theorodges.com, what religion do you believe in? Not born into in parentheses, not what is how he wants to put it. And then we can have like a Catholic B born again, Christian. Huh? Catholic Protestant. Fundamentalist. And we can have 20 categories for just Christian. Let me see it again. A Catholic B born again, Christian. See, Christian, I was see Protestant. The Jewish, E Mormon, F U, I mean, F, um, though what am I leaving out? A Muslim? What was what was this? Now, forget about your hope as witness. Aren't your hope as witness as Christians? Of a sword? Of a sword. Don't they believe in Jesus? Well, we don't want to like narrow it down to all the Christian sects. Christian sects. That's what everybody wants. Right? You back, Christian sects. And what's wrong with the Jewish sects? That's what Monica said. So F Muslim. If you want to. Only they get kind of mean, you know, when they retaliate. G would be atheist and the H agnostic. How's that? That's enough categories. Don't confuse it. We'll take up the whole goddamn website on there. What about the Buddhist? Who gives an H? No, no Buddhist. We have the, wow. Okay. So, I'm a Buddhist. And J, uh, no, no, put other on there. Then we'll do just like that sex pool. Everybody will be in other. Yeah, all the cowardly people put other on there. All the, uh, assholes that don't want to take a stand. Take a stand to what we say. That's what Father O'Neill always says to the altar boys. Take a stand to drop your pants. That's what he always says. Is that, huh? You bet. Here's a mobile in sunrise, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, I want to say at the anniversary. Well, thank you, sir. Sorry. Mr. Anthony a poll question. I'll take dinner for Lopez. Anything over British bears. No, but that one we do. That wasn't the question. We're talking about who's got a bear ass. Whoa, yeah, I'll take dinner for him. But obviously, what do you want to think she's got a bear ass? It's simply because bringing spirits works with Disney. I see her in a Disney channel. I'm just not down on that stuff. Yeah. All right. Good to know you. But I got a good poll question for you. I thought should there a warm-up you legal? Yeah, I'll do that one day soon. I mean, the obvious answer is, uh, yeah. There you go. If you're like, what do you want to do that? We'll do that one tomorrow. How's that? All right, yeah. Okay. Happy anniversary. Okay, I'm be sure and hide it real well. All right. Okay, see you, pal. Keep it out of the ice tray. By the way, I just worn y'all hide this road between proud and sunrise this morning. The plantation forkers. We're in a feeding frenzy on a motor cycles on horses on a donkey back all over the place. I should narrate our guns. So probably the plantation the chief again is have another feeding frenzy. He's probably over there sitting in the desk right now. I'm going to go and squeeze themself and his old horse trigger too. Have it a feeding frenzy. This is the way they respond to or the fact that everybody's pissed off or the cops after what happened in the Bronx there. So, well, this is the way they respond. By right, you will have a speeding ticket to a heightist road between Broward and sunrise. And by the way, thanks to whoever flags their lights at me this morning. And all the way south there to Broward. I was flashing my headlights and making sure everybody else realized there was like a ticket tack waiting for him on the heightist. That's not law enforcement. That's called shooting vision of Beryl. He did put the Ricky Martin question on there. I know he did. And what did he get so far? 94% to 6%. Yeah, okay, we'll take that off of the air. That was just a joke. I mean, it's overwhelming. Is Ricky Martin gay? Yeah, the Pope Cadillac. Yeah, come on. Is the Pope a pollock? Yeah, come on. Get serious. We don't have time to wait to have silly questions to what the, that's like saying is today Wednesday. We get 94% would say yes. And here's Miami. Hello. Hey, I don't know. Okay, sir. Hey, I'll have the University of Newtland, players. Thank you. I'll leave you daughters waiting. This is question that Ricky Martin thing. I have some overwhelming proof that Ricky's little, you sure? Yeah. Yeah, one of my cousins is a producer for him up in Orlando. And he told me he has a little cover. He's a group of forever, but he actually really is a totally assured. Oh, I know that. I know it. And even though he's been on top for a while on the charts, the rumor is that he loves it much better on the bottom. And that's not a rumor. That's a fact. From those who are in the know. Where we class? Can you well play that song for this event? The F word? Yeah. Okay. Appreciate those who got it. Wait. Okay, let me write all these requests down because you can't refuse to request on your 24th anniversary. Can you refuse to request? Oh, no. Of course, I'd have felt a lot better if Michael Mayo would have apologized today of Halberstein. It's one when I felt a lot better. Instead of that lukewarm incense here, you're a happy adverse radio. Come on, Mike Mayo, who the hell are you? You can go on over those morning guys. They suck around and suck around until both your cheeks are red. Who the hell are you kidding man? Christ. Rumor has it. They're out of the paramedics. They're out of the rail right now. Trying to move B.F. Tung from Michael Mayo's. Back to him. Ask. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Good. Good. Thank you. It's my first time call. Great. And I'm from Dominican Republic. Library of Puerto Rico, right? I love saying that. Now, I would like to put on the mark on Tony Hissue. What is the issue? What's the issue with that drug on TV? I'm a radio tonight. You say that he sucks. Well, I don't know literally. I mean, I know Ricky Martin sucks. He was forced by the answer. I do know. You can't think for sh**. I do know that. Okay. Now he's been a lick. He's a kind of guy that's hanging, right? He called the veins. You show, he shows up in the face, right? The veins show up in his one. And he's neck. Yeah. And it's forehead. Now, now, I didn't like the kind of thing. I think when he sings the veins set up on your. Your forehead is what I think. Well, you think so? No. Sounds like it. Now, this is what I've heard about you guys in La Repuglique de Minicana. No, we're fine. We're fine. We're fine. Okay. Now, we're all familiar. Are there anyway? No. We welcome everybody in down there. Really? Yes. I'm setting it. No, I don't think so. No facts a lot there. Oh, you cut them over the canary islands. No, no, no, no. All the German guys are float. They go there. They float over there? Yeah. Now, now, back to my garden. Now, hey, maybe we ought to make some of those. Your men's in the bars of sopil. Okay? It's called payback is a bitch and put them in the water and see if they can float right across the Atlantic. You're the best. Now, back to my garden, didn't think. Now, I didn't like the guy myself. And he can't think for shit. Yeah. Now, one day, I didn't delight down and put a little music in. Yeah. And I don't want any gruff from me from behind. Yeah, it's all of a sudden it just got to me. You know, and they're on. Yeah. You better try it too. Lacing me. Lacing me. Lacing me. Yes. You do this. You didn't delight me. Yeah. Get a little wine and put his music. Yeah. You're on the ground. I'm on your behind. Yeah. Okay. Good luck, pal. Hey, Lacing. I was okay. I was okay. He's up on you. He's next up on you from behind. Back home. And then he comes down on you. Right. Something like that. So maybe he is a lot like Ricky Martin more so than we think. But no matter what, he can't think for shit. He's for sure. Mark Anthony. Well, he is bad. What is that all about? And looks bad. I mean, at least Ricky Martin, if you never knew who he was, if he's photographed from just to write an angle, although that picture of him down there at the Versace place. Remember where the blonde bleeds tear? Good. Got all mighty. He is gruesome. He looked like a, what do they call the yellow cats? What do they call it? Like a tabby? What do they call us? Yeah. Oh, gruesome. How come I keep saying, and not only that, but you know Ricky Martin? You can't think for shit. The top of it all off. Here's a mobile in Boka, hello. Hey, you. Yes, you're in a Versace. Thank you. I'm going to listen to you for about 15 years now. All right. I've heard you mentioned H.H. Yeah. Earlier. Right. But the jury is still out with the holistic doctors. They say that if you add H.H. to your body, which your body already produces it, yeah. If you add it to your body, it's not the growth. And that there's a combination of amino acids. You can take what of them is glutamine. That can help make your pituitary gland. Create it for yourself. And it helps, you know, make your own body produced on its own. So you can, you know, your body's more used to it because it's your own H.H. Yeah. Whatever that means. Well, it's, if you add it, body, it's not your body's H.H. So it's, it's a foreign substance to your body. You understand? Well, I don't buy that because I'm taking, I mean, your body produces co-cute 10. And I've been taking co-cute 10 for months. And my pulse rate is down to like 67 and 68 and 72, which is lower than it's been in 100 years. So I don't buy that. Well, human growth hormone is exactly what it said. It's growth hormone. It can have a adverse effect of your body by treating, you know, through tumor growth in your body. Okay. I'll pass them. Thanks. It's a 10. Fifty-six. Well, past, that talked me out of a right there. Okay. Do I need a good to, to tumor? I don't think so. No. Not this week. But I just mentioned it in passing because there's a full page at there in the Sun and we're going to spend a lot of money doing what we'll put that in there. I want to make sure they get a lot of bubbles when you get their money back. I want to say it in your custody. Oh! Don't you just play me out on your phone and call me a good lawyer today. A long, long time ago. She was 1900 and she had the house. She was just a lad of nine. And she had the house was just a lad of nine. And no one knew what was in store. Just ended the Spanish American War. So they party like it was 1890-99. The war events that made you shiver. But there were times we did deliver. A promise that was kept with that famous one small step. I can't remember each event or everything that meant being events. A century we will present. This is how it went. My, my house is time. It's decided. It's decided. Some deported many teas we did cry. For the century it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. I'll hunt with you. Have gone by. They stopped. Needle side went. Two guys were right when they put it there plainly to fight. And the start of radio. Signified had his love to sing. And one to theory and next flag. And the Titanic. That story. We all know. Well, we're a war one. It soon began with shooting off to Francis Bird and then. Smiling side from the blue. And it's west thinking what's going to. And then Russia had each revolution. And a box and next it's both the oceans. And not the least we will see again. The whole. And we were singing in my. I have a time. It's decided. Some deported many teas we did cry. For the century it's time that we say goodbye. It all happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. I'll be that his family. The team. He made the map to just the new model. And then Bird landed near Paris. And some old deep red kids. And a feeling Wall Street and the great. Dequestion and women. Would both like you and me. Oh my god. And Germany's Chancellor was sworn in. And World War II was soon begin. Made your repub and land. The project minutes and never sushi trials. It's been a steam. We've got a first look at TV. Then the date has been informed. The whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And the whole. And uh. And Hannah. And then. And the whole. Oh, it. And it. I've got weight. And. So. And the. We know that just begun And China moves by nothing's all The first player in baseball that was black Is reality on their whole land back Oh, that's just a like this jacket Your heart is pretty, it's gone by And we were singing in my own I have decided to fly And to start at some depot And many cheers we decline Those essential reasons Time that we take aside All happens in the blink of an eye A hundred years have gone by Separate, but eat, will make such a thought Most of the two sides went on the bus Only your cure would love vaccines And my shots get up to the time Which spot clicked? A troops into the rear quick Discovered the double Helix Do you know? Okay, okay, let's not wait to assume But promise you get us all through the moon You're the first space Yes, the blue we did it with And the friendship that declined To do tonight To the snow game of spider fright Now these days you're on new fight A hundred years gone by And we were singing in my own I have decided to fly And to start at some depot And many cheers we decline But essential reasons Time that we take aside All happens in the blink of an eye First hundred years have gone by New giant step with the big news Rovers way gave women right to choose Nixon resigns about water gaze Got the troops that have be it, Names Had hostage taken by Iran And a virus made us too scared to go day A test to be be held along Some guy named Phil started Michael's soft Journal ball explosion The Berlin won't get broken The US is our sad goodbye Some students in China They did try Seven died in the Florida sky On one three years gone by And we were singing My my have decided to fly Since it started some depot And many cheers we decline But the central reads Sun that we say goodbye It all happened in the blink of an eye A hundred years have gone by We were singing in my own I have decided to fly Since it started some depot And many cheers we decline But essential reason That we say goodbye We say goodbye Okay very quickly Because nothing goes on forever We got ponytail on it Remember what he said last time he was on here I didn't say shit Yeah you did Happy anniversary Thank you Would you like some real advice with your diet And all this kind of stuff What does that mean? There's a bottom line here And you might not want to Back to you Yeah what's that? Until you put exercise into your weekly routine No matter what diet you go That's correct you right It's not going to be long That's right So did you get off your hands And if you do three hours a week Like one hour a day or forty minute Whatever it is Whatever diet you combine with that exercise Is going to work You're going to do more energized You're going to feel healthier And it's time to start doing it I didn't say shit Yeah Okay Okay That's that I mean that's it I'm going to go home and hop right on it And before the least game tonight I'm very happy to share another anniversary with you Thanks Jeff And good for both of us Yes it is I'll leave better for me I would think so You know I am getting a part time job at Godfather's around the corner It's not around the corner Get out of here It's okay though It's not just for everyone There's room for everybody Absolutely I couldn't agree with you more We love Godfather That's right Hey listen I got to go Happy anniversary You don't forget Do you sometimes exercise See you Do some exercise Okay Up and down in and out You know all about that Does he know about that And you're 11 after 11 already Don't we love Godfather I didn't know no Godfather So first of all We'd be morning to fix I was so I was in a morning and evening First thing I'm going to turn it on I get the scores I get the weather 3,2,8,8 50 Hoover Out the lawn Perhaps one of the most interesting words in the English language today As the word F**k Out of all of the English words That begin with a letter F F**k is the only word That is referred to as the F word It's the one magical word Just by its sound Can describe pain, pleasure, hate and love F**k As most words in the English language Is derived from German The word F**k Which means to strike In English F**k Falls into many grammatical categories As a trancet of verb For instance John F**k Surely It's meaning is not always sexual It can be used as an adjective Such as John's doing all the F**k work As part of an adverb Surely talks to F**k much As an adverb Enhancing an adjective Surely is F**k beautiful As a noun I don't give a F**k As part of a word It's absolutely F**k Unleadly for In F**k incredible And as almost every word in a sentence F**k the F**k f**kers This must realize there aren't too many words With the versatility of F**k As in these examples describing situations Such as fraud I got F**k that they used Carallard This may Off**k it Trouble I guess I'm really F**k now Aggression So don't F**k with me, buddy I'm just F**k this missile Why don't you go outside and play hide and go F**k yourself I'm sure you can think of many more examples Say it loudly and proudly F**k you Oh right 117, 10, 5, 60, W, 2, W, and 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pomp 5, 60 on the AT&T, 2, I was lying During that long American pipe parody Almost everybody dropped off And then the ponytail was on there Give me a song of that He's right He's right Those lazy bastards like yours truly You can do AT&T, you can do scatkins You can do low fat, high fiber, all the other song of it And unless you get off your lazy ass and certain Like they did like a rifle 65 same Move your body That's right You're not going to lose the goddamn way I may have lost a few pounds But then you start getting into that in a limbo And you don't want your limbo Because you're not doing anything You haven't sput up your metabolism You're not burning it So let's all go burn one What do you say? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pomp 5, 60 on the AT&T line Here's Key West, tell us Hi Neil, how are you doing? Okay Happy anniversary You have the best talk show on radio Thank you I'm down here at Key West I work as a correctional officer Really And I'm also a such a two teacher And I tell you, I work with murderers And rate this in the gym And eat murderers, yeah Yeah And I'm more scared to go in the school now And then the girls work as a correctional officer It's terrible I almost threw up when I heard about that Sexual Nobody gives a crap In fact because they had the primary last night Then that works made sure that the primary reports were all first And that's the shooting of a six year old kid in the school A little girl that was like way on down the list When they got good enough When they let all the other stuff, what's is it good? What's the cares about the primary I mean the election stole way off Yeah I mean It's sad Nobody cares Well that's all I want to call about Okay, hang in there Happy anniversary Okay And take the care yourself See at the passport office By the way speaking of honest cops Two more highly a cops named in drug sale at club Yeah Two more highly a police officer has been accused of Involving in drug sale And the world of all night rape parties Across the colleague's job last year To others are under investigation Though the charges are serious Police emphasize the officers are not a criminal gang Well, if God I'm sure relieved aren't you Thank God for that There are young they have money They like the nightlife They're young and hung and they like to Whether they're single and single and whatever that is The only drug sale made public so far Was an 8 dollar transaction last October Two when several officers were on an off-doly security Assignment at the rape party in a highly aware house Police said an undercover informant to up to the party See if drugs could be bought Officer Omar Diaz They say sold it a four green X to C pills Now for the pills green The kids who took them both Both Uh-huh Diaz and rookie was arrested in November of pay guilty And that goes on and on and on So it just goes on Is there anything about that whoring in Kendall? No, not yet. We're waiting on that 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line Here's a call from Chicago. Hello Uncle Leo Yes sir. Happy anniversary. Thank you Um I've been listening to you forever Even I lived in South Florida Moved to Chicago several years ago and listen to you on the internet now You're talking about the cooking cops We had a couple of cops here in Chicago caught on videotaped Stealing The guy had two security cameras The police took one of the videotapes And forgot to take the other one Which actually showed them stealing Yeah, so they should get fired for stealing And And for stupidity yeah And for being stupid with a capital S Um Can I make a shameless request? Yes sir. Could you play Rustiman? How about Rastadju? Rastadju. Yeah. Oh that would be good. Rastadju man would be good. Rastadju man? Okay. You got it man. Already and another 24 years you think? See ya. Alright bye. Another 24 minutes. I take this show 24 minutes at a time. Especially when I look at a phone like this Have we had a lady call today? There were a couple on hold. Who hung up because I played that long a bit But you know something too bad And this bitch that wanted me to pass a request I even got all certainly when I wouldn't Isn't that nice? Like you're like you're the uh The message stick and the pinch. George is the pinch today. Okay. If you want to be questioned Tell George and you'll hear the dial tone immediately They don't care. They don't care enough to send the verse Even to make a phone call and say Happy anniversary Neil. Thanks for all the laughs. Thanks for getting this pissed off. Thanks for being a potty mouth old The bag whatever whatever whatever it is Anything. Do they care enough? No. No they don't. They absolutely do not. They're like Michael Mayo We consider an immobile. Interactive. Unrepent. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. How are you doing today? Okay. I just wanted to wish it happened Happy anniversary And for making my day much better I would not hear we all these crazy people. Okay. Thank you. I wanted to make a comment regarding the Is shooting in the broads. Do you know if both police officers had a best on the arm of two best on it? I haven't got any idea. Okay. A lot of them said Some of the tourists because it's The Rocks off the bridge. On their tour by the way. I thought it was only one. Two women died. Yeah. And if American kids from Some of the I was in the service right there. Right. The children of American servicemen That's correct. That's terrible. Anyway. Happy anniversary. Thank you sir. Yeah. First we sent McDonald's in Coke over there. That's Coke of Coke. And now we're sending murdering Fives over there to a Europe. To poison the world with our craft. And as America continues sending its Greatest exports all over the world. I thought it was only one. Not that it would be any better. We just to doubly worse. More growth test to women died. And they start this story. It was on Channel 4 yesterday. I think they're doing that story. And they started after you were. I shouldn't blame them because I don't remember what Maybe it was on CNN. They were throwing stones. Off the overpass. And they showed the boulders that went through the windshield to these cars. Killing two women and standing us. Several other cars. Two by the way. Into some other people. They weren't stones. They were boulders. Not like pebbles that might like put a little Mark on the. A dent the. A hood of the car. Something like that. These were boulders. Damn. There you go. Because it's the American. F And way five six seven of mix them in And over accuse me of he's got some of the service people on their equipment. These kids have a ruff over here and I just said. It rhymes with Americans with baseball It's been aree for over a month. Yeah. We have now that you're doing about that and you're obviously not going to grow up in real quickly. very well fed they weren't missing any meals they're all hooked up that's the problem with each other here's a mobile in Davy hello hey nearo just wanted to let you know where that effort came from in case you're curious at all jackwackner an old announcer at Walt Disney World he was known as the voice of Disney for about ten years got fired for doing this really yeah yeah that was uh i was about six years ago but uh the man lots is uh working there for a lot of years well that Disney is your got no sent a humor do they um well yeah they do absolutely supposed to be in the humor business well i was a bit for a couple of uh in-house employee drag shows etc etc they were pretty funny and Disney people all that stuff so it's pretty cool okay i'm great thanks see you bootchop so this guy uh records a thing like that it's probably like that chest of field queen sting anybody uh tight little island full of gay romance how they wear gay sandals and they wear tight pants airs on drenched on top of all on every day let's with some very cool of being gay the very best of pilots in the USA giving big big pleasure in a big big way you're very best of pilots in the USA giving big big pleasure in a big big big way you can I eat what? going the big way to chest of field queen you join the bag of America 1125 at U.M. here's Miami hello Neil God yes sir happy anniversary thank you amenity I've been listening to you since uh God maybe not too long five about five or six years uh so as I got out of high school the light was shunt in my face right and uh just be sounded in your face in the light too and that one as well just want to thank you for a great commentary that you've done hopefully you do it for another 24 years and uh just uh that's pretty much it and just want to suck up because you've been God all this time okay thanks for the suction pal you welcome see it I buy Austin 26 packs a lot of the five sixty WCM just remember what Jeff Cohen said get off your dead hands that's what he said look at him he's working out morning noon and night he's working it in and out out and in back and forth up and down mostly in and out from over here you're listening through wheels for 3DL good boy I'm sorry for 4DL 560 you A-A-M she takes orgasms I think 4 play listen to me it's just stand by and see for so fucking understand where everything is held to the high so fucking standards the selection is in just huge it's so fucking huge believe me you'll never shop anywhere else and so fucking surprises aren't just low they're so fucking low you'll never find them anywhere else listen to me when I say so fucking as a beautiful store I mean so fucking beautiful and I can't stop it helpful I mean so fucking helpful listen to me get to know the so fucking an enjoy a selection that's so fucking huge a stat that's so fucking courteous and practice that a so fucking low you'll never shop anywhere else but don't take it for me take it from satisfied just enough frank and stine so fucking good you know set a fringy so fucking good it's 1131 it's 560 WQM here's the beautiful Mark Tadino formula your channel 6 you know and got the average power you thank you I know that you've got a ton of calls so I won't think of all your time but you know that one thing about the cops you got to be careful about flashing those lights so nail you for obstruction of least business I know that you know and it's the real pain and you really can't get out of it but the only thing you can't get out of it well they can always say they sit there the judges don't really like people to do that so generally they kind of stick it to the people who do that kind of stuff so just beware when you do that kind of thing that you get pulled over chances are and get written up for that it's not a good thing it's almost as bad as in an HOV violation really yeah those ridiculous things on 95 when they sit in clusters and just pick people off left and right that's the worst 95 seconds in the city you can't there's no way you can around that I'm just mail your findings right but uh let's see I take part of the fence team what's that unless you have to get to fence team well that's true I'm already have other good lawyers and town what's it a time exactly but that you just just be aware of it anyway have a it's a rippic year have fun that I think your leased are probably on a better role with the dances right now they're smoking right now we went through our little bit of a law and all of a sudden somebody kicked him in as the woke up big time you know you gotta give them or he's just a little credit though right this year for now we've turned the franchise around Brian I give Brian a little credit the other one I give no credit really the brother is a hard ass and a prick but to be that is it me really well I just hope we didn't start tightening the news around them as they get well I think you're starting to hear those gagging choking sound coming from Terry Murray but the Brian I give credit is made a lot of good deal he's made some bad ones as we know but I try to be fair the spokesman's made a few good deals but uh we'll see what happens they might be one more apparently his Vernon's gonna go before the trade deadline so well they don't want to pay him the big salary next year you know and if they can get a decent defenseman maybe it's a worth a shot okay well we'll see you can have the anniversary and Jimmy wants to maybe we got a shot hang in there Mark okay okay five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line I could give you a list right now of the names of the dead bodies and uniforms that are playing on a team but that would be bad because that I want to pick on anybody do I? Oh oh here's a mobile in pop and oh hello good afternoon Neil happy anniversary thank you how did your range did Gary definitely take care of the maple leaf's playing your tonight on your yeah that's just you are special that's the right one one more before I go eight spot Kotlin saw grass just past coral ridge right inside heads up this for them okay okay care the don't slice your head life yes you did this business of you kid the cops can tell me if I'm gonna flash my letter a substruction of a police uh whatever enforcement that's crap if I'm gonna flash my headlights all goddamn day off flash it maybe I'm doing it to like say hey how you do it maybe somebody I know in the other lane let them prove it let them find the other person on the other side are they're gonna find them oh no it's pretty much speech by the way yeah that's pretty much speech if I want to stick my finger out the window like I'm a drying my fingernails or something or you know uh wagon the dog or whatever the hell I'm doing you know plug in the dog whatever oh no you can't do that you're a that's obstruction of stuck my ass okay you jackasses go go arrest some goddamn child molester some rapists some murder or some arsonist some people are shooting kids in school he's something important and stop at all this horse crap out there in a highway that's what they're doing horse crap on the highway H.O.H. that's police work in uh this country of a big majority of it between between arrest and all the people with a pinjoined in the racetray and people at our flash and our headlights to warn people on the other side of some stupid goddamn radar speed track oh you see it's not interfering with law enforcement it's interfering with fundraising is what it is because I'll sit here and say it every god damn day if it comes to my mind that there are so many places in this town and that's one of the most uh egregious examples hide this road between sunrise and drower where they just sit there like they were doing it again this morning in a feeding frenzy writing business and the chief of police implantation and the other powers that be who makes this policy and keep in mind the individual officers don't make that policy but the powers that be you're a bunch of assholes okay which we already know that the chief he's an asshole yeah that's how you spend our tax dollars in plantation do we have any drainage uh in plantation oh no no storm so we're no drainage oh to speak then exist so every time all summer long every ten days of flood we have a flood in our pants in plantation because we can't afford that maybe if we could just write enough tickets we could afford to do that maybe that's what it is here's why's been hello happy and worship you have fat little fact thanks the election you know they're talking about uh the two kids a little good to kid that shut the other little kid you know if if his parents taught him a little bit more about the guns probably wouldn't take in a disco I think that's what the problem is not having the gun no not having the gun no he's a parent of his parents the his parents the one who's in jail the father who's in jail you idiot and the mother who they can't find he's living in a flop house so all the more reason they have a bunch of guns laying around because we have then let I already had the solution I had we could have prevented that if they would listen to me forced their realization if that case they're in Michigan isn't a classic example for what I've been preaching for years forced sterilization scumbags making babies see maybe if you'd read a newspaper or have somebody read one to you pal you don't understand what the goddamn fact are you gunhugging jackass okay but have a nice day you idiot you living in a flop house where's the story where's the part of the story I was reading I don't have time to go find it here living with the acquaintances of the family with a bunch of scumbags in a flop house and this is a stolen gun he gets another part of the problem now they're going to have a tough time finding who stole a gun who a who's in charge who's on first it's that are been so on that's right and this guy's making it oh wasn't it wasn't the fact that gun was laying around if they just want to talk in the right way to use it and of course don't confuse them with the fact that the reason he used it is because he had a little tip for the girl in the playground that a before and he got pissed off she was upset because he spit on her desk and the jump up and down and rub was an asshole so he had a little tip with her and the guy didn't play around the baby for he said well I'm going to show you bitch can't even shout over the neck and she's dead so for his parents what a gesture on them a little better got marksmanship maybe you could have killed a few more kids done a better job you more on you you gun squeezing redneck jackass fool you 22 before noon at 560 W 2 AM this is 560 you a yeah hey asshole and cop and the hug is there to make it? Should you make it? Can I kill it? Can you make it? Can I kill it? Can I kill it? Just for me. Just for you. Just for you. Just for you. Just for you. Just for you. I say I deny. I give you your way. You're most common you don't we are just like I'm not that often I like gimmick with And I like that smoker split I like my suit right I am a huge type of star I'm stressed down I'm stressed down I'm stressed down I'm stressed down I'm stressed down I'm stressed down I'm stressed down I like gotcha choked And I like that more about She can't do with I need a lot That's what I like That's what I like That's what I like That's what I like That's what I like That's what I like That's much more my key That's me Trust me you I'm stressed down I'm stressed down I'm stressed down I want these in your eyes That's what I like I'm stressed down What What I'm tired of age Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Ok, it's 14 till noon, at $5.60 in W2, DC 127, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh,hh, no, oh,hhhh Unaludane, Your Actions. Maya. Okay, it's 14 till noon at $5.50 in W2, and $5.60 in the $5.556, you know? All this talk about Brittany and are theyortal or they fake? Is there anybody she really cares where she shun, but iah Kerriya, that one gigantic boxer's got in the middle of her chest, and can anybody believe that thing is for real? Of course not. Besides the fact that you can't sing for Schmidt, but besides that, maybe we'll do a runoff next week with Brittany and the, with the this pitch, Mariah Carey. Huh? And next week we'll do a runoff, who's, who's breast are real and who gives a crap. Here's a lady in Margate, hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, man. I'm, I'm, I'm a first lady to issue happy anniversary. Well, I guess you are, thank you so much because the other women in the audience, they couldn't give a flying Schmidt less. Oh, I think, you know, for what you put up with and all those phone calls, some of them are nasty. I don't know why people have to get so nasty because this is South Florida. Well, they can have an opinion, but they don't have to get nasty about it. Well, they are nasty. At least they're just acting naturally, you know. Well, they don't have to be nasty to you. You're always optimistic when you answer your call. I'm always hoping for the best and, yeah. Yeah, I'm hoping the worst, right. That's what I like about you. Uh-huh. You always, you know, you never, you never, you're, you call. I, I'm, I found out, I'm just looking for a bunch of that button expecting something really great. And more often than not, it's still really disappointed, but you just keep hoping, you know. I know. I feel dead for you and that happens. Just like Mariah Carey says, Hope Springs is a turtle in the human breast in this one big one. Okay, Neil. Thank you a lot. Thank you. Thanks, have a great day. Bye. Bye. Yeah, every time 24 years, I punch up the line. Hope and for the best and less of course, your ad, you know, when he wore me head of time, either with a few question marks on that which means this is probably a jackass chronic, chronic or would even let me know who it is like Andy Moss. Oh yeah and by the way for those of you who missed Andy's calls several weeks ago the reason that we don't get the great calls that I'm hoping for is it's only when George is on the show that we get the intellectual callers because George gets them all whipped up to a frenzy and appeals to their intellect. Oh sorry Nick I mean it's certainly she just annoys me. Mariah I mean any of these other uh and then you know I can take them or leave them. I mean Brittany is cute in her music is innocuous and she's a real knockout if I were so inclined even I can tell that and even Jennifer Lopez I mean highly overdone and they're getting very tight of her with a horrible pasty face but I can handle that but Mariah carry really bothers me a lot. What I'm just telling you the way it is. Because we don't want 98 degrees hanging out too close through that might be a part of it and secondly she was supposedly hanging around with Louise. Did they ever dawn on you that maybe she just appeared? Is that ever dawn on you? Kind of like that Jessica Simpson bitch. Here's a call from point and be chill. Good morning Neil. Good morning Buenos dias. Happy anniversary. Thank you. Like thank you every day for your rage and your humor and your passion. Okay. So all I have. Thank you. Thank you. I'll pray for you. Thank you right Neil. All too late. Speaking about pray for your question on the website. Neil Rogers.com on our poll today is our religious poll. We're pollinate. Now what are we doing here? Are you uh and of course we got to do that because the Republican primaries are all based on who hates so which religion the most. Isn't this great? All the issues have like long gone. No no more issues. Now we're getting right out of the bear bones of what the Republican Party has really become all about a bunch of religious fanatics. You got that cat lick guy on here. They had him operate around the one that wrote the letter of threatening to contact the sponsors because he didn't like our ad in the newspaper with me with that Pope Schmoth on that asshole. They had him on last night from the cat lick league or whatever it is. Nothing got to wrote you that night. Yeah that's the one. Yeah they had him on there. But I beat but I beat but I'm off on his bull crap. And then we got Pat Robertson and Jerry Fallwell and who's the most anti-capitalic and the most anti-born again Christian and the worst anti-need one we need and all of a sudden bull crap. And where is the right to the 98 degrees? We want to see Jeff and Drew. Yeah never met him. I can't get him out of there okay. But at least he doesn't have the birthday. If not only if I got the least in the Panthers tonight on my birthday which they arranged just special for me but we got a much music 98 degrees special on here right now and I actually have squeezed myself a couple of times in the last five minutes. What do you think I played that long roster due for? My crazy or what? No it's right. Here's my enemy. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Happy anniversary. Thank you. Hey I just wanted to send a warning out to all my friends and listeners in Kendall last night to my girlfriend to the Chili's location on Kendall and Turnpike and who's sitting there at the bar but are good buddy O.J. Really? Oh my god. Oh no. O.J. Sincense. There with his new girlfriend I guess. Oh man. Yep just want to learn what to lock their doors tonight. He might be on the prowl. Okay thanks for the good news. He's okay. Yeah we know we know everybody knows. See I'm waiting here a little bit more about this case in Michigan but nevertheless you know what I don't want to say it do I want to say it on the air sure I do because it really shouldn't make any difference. I'll go along with that but at any rate. Now people want to know because it's a mixed school there in this little town in north of Flint and there were like a lot of white kids and were black kids and see what's it going to turn out if the kids did the shooting was black and the victim the little girl was white. Not that it should make any difference but I already know that there are going to be some people saying well gee how come the shoe is on the other foot now and the same people who are always screaming racism before don't give a crap about this. You follow what I'm saying? Not that we know do we know yet I don't know because for not well I can't show the parents because nobody can find them the daddy's in jail and mommy she's off with grandma bull in a gutter somewhere scorn. What are you doing? What are you doing? I'm doing this. I'm doing that is great. I'm doing it. Why don't you say my shoe play? I play the bill. Those are good for questions. Yeah but he's a shaketer and the bill is too. Oh boy out of town line is open 877756345 some day before they stick your little ugly ass in the ground you realize how great 98 degrees is. I'm talking to the hands of what is it? Were you talking to me? Yes. 87778. There's even hope for you okay they can actually sing. Unlike most of these disgusting obnoxious little groups. Here's a call in Miami. Hello. Happy anniversary. Mr. Neil God, happy anniversary to you big guys. Thank you so much. I have been listening to you since I got into Miami in 95 and I was left before I even knew who you were. Right. Okay. Was listening to you? I've got to see my portion in a little up break. Yeah. Oh I saw you in the royal castle up from 79. That picture you've got up there that autographed out. How is that thing? Huh? How old is that? 1882? Okay I want to tell you that I am black and I am Christian and I love your show. Great. How old are you? How old are you? I say how old are you? Okay I won't tell you how old I am. No don't tell me. But for all of you guys who call into this guy and give them all kinds of bullshit that you should think about yourselves and not start point and fingers at other folks. If you can't look at yourselves and like what you see and have somebody else post you need to look again. Okay. Couple of new. First. Okay. What thing I would love to see is an anniversary picture of you an angel array in screw magazines and second I love cowboy dick. I love the bagpipes things. I believe that. The one thing I liked about it. What thing I like the most was the old duly sky burglar car. I didn't okay you haven't. It's got me rolling in the aisle. Okay you got it. Thanks again. Okay I'll pray for you pal. God bless you. 567560 pound 560. I bet he does like that cowboy dick. Out of town line is open 877 785 6345. Six hundred. What we got on the schedule. The hank is out at the rally again today. Maybe we'll be talking to some people off mic who are wondering about the background. That was that was pretty interesting yesterday. I'll tell you that for like 15 minutes. You're talking to people. I'm sure it's having a good time. But we couldn't hear what tell they were saying which made for very bizarre radio to say the very best to be kind. And then six o'clock we got the booster tonight and oh no we don't. That's right. It's I'm looking at the wrong day. We got guilty at gun game night from the hard rock cafe at the saw rest because 7 o'clock it's the pregame 730 it's the Panthers and the Toronto Maple Leaf. Oh. I just mentioned that in passing. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Happy anniversary, Neil. Thank you. Just a bit of information. Alex Pines. Yes. I had a little hydraulic podium set up on. So he could in the conference room where everyone had to be below his eye level. Yeah. For his complex is the low and the polling complex. I thought maybe what's his name would be holding them up from behind. Merit's dear Hyme or are good friend of what's his name? That'd be nice too. But actually the little side. Good buddy may eropee the pecanus right here. Man now our former buddy. Oh yeah. Isn't that funny? Wow. Yeah. How soon they forget? I can't even think of his name. It's on the hit. Oh one. Merit. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'm sorry. Go ahead. Beholding about. Beholding them up on a shoulders. Well there's a little effect of this comment. A fan conference was dollars in installing this little hydraulic lift. Well I guess if that exposes. I got news for anything to help. Okay. Thanks for the good news. You're asking you. You're your me this anybody know what he was talking about? No. I haven't got any idea something about to he's trying to lift it and you can't five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line four minutes till the QAM. This is five sixty two A S. The Neil Roger show sports radio five sixties. You a. M. You. M. My. What's eating? How about a deck? Hey. Look a rose. There's nothing like a little cow boy. I got a craving. Yeah. Well I have some cowboy deck. Oh the cow girls love my cowboy deck. Oh nice. No. Cuz I'm cowboy deck. I like my cowboy deck with some nuts. No problem. Bartner introducing cowboy deck with not so big you can hardly wrap your lip crown. My onions love cowboy deck. I'm a failure posse with my cowboy cowboy deck. Yeah. Try it. How is it? I can't talk. My mouth is full of cowboy deck. She's smiling. She's smiling. It's feeling your mouth with my cowboy deck. A cowboy and your grossest freezer. Once you had your first cowboy deck you won't ever go back. Would you feel with cowboy deck? You'll scream. Come on one at five sixty wqm. Happy anniversary to me. It's twenty four years today. March first nineteen seventy six a day to the living. And it's with me. Thanks a lot. Sid lemon. I guess Sid lemon. Is he still alive? Wow. What if he still pick it up when Russell on the street corner at one time? Here's a call from Davey. Hello. Mr Rogers. Yes sir. First off happy 24. Thank you. Second of all a little pig report action. 116th and sterling. I'll hope this is there now. But during the vicinity they're all over the place today. All today must be feeding frenzy. They're this must be the response of local police after that New York City Bronx shooting trial. Everybody getting pissed off. You know it. You know it. It's a signal ball. What do you think about going on with the region? Other than that bitches off the air. What do I think about who going on with regions? You. You. Yeah. You. Yeah. You don't have to make it over for that red minute. Bitch. Yeah. All right. Yeah. This one called which I have been a anniversary. And I have a great day. Okay. Only things got to a million more informed. Okay. Yeah. Kathy Lee said goodbye. I'm glad you mentioned that we got to play a bunch of the nasty Kathy Lee songs that I write on. Because everybody hates that bitch. And they're all so surprised that regist doesn't seem the least bit disturbed. He's probably haven't accident that his panty so excited about it. And who the hell wouldn't be? Some fat disgusting egotistical ever get no talent bitch. Okay. We might you're out of graph Kathy Lee. And of course the obvious question anybody with a brain will be wondering is why? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Anyhow you're doing great. Happy anniversary. Thank you. But listen to your show for about four years. I'm probably the only seven they have entered the Christians that enjoys your show. Seven day at Venice, huh? That's right. Wow. I've been enjoy your show totally. I think you enjoyed doing excellent jobs. Well, you are going to hear the guys that make that stuff that they put in the supermarket that make believe me stuff. That make them meet me exactly. I want to just give that a minute. That might time. That redneck hit that call and talks to you about the kid and the father. You know, it's tragic with going on nowadays. Band guns, all of them. Yeah. Take care of having nice day. Okay. Have a great life. And we'll sell us some more that spam or whatever that stuff is to make believe spam. Yeah. This guy is right. What we ought to do and I told George this is more. Because this is only theoretical because we're never happening here. No, not in the west because you'd have a revolution year right. Do you want to head the gun round up police? Going house to house door to door and they're just picking up every guy. Damn gun. Hand guns, oozees, everything onto the sun. Pick it up guns. Everywhere. Then that old arc argument about well on the scumbags will have the gun. Well, even go to the scumbag neighborhoods. Okay. Okay. You have to probably have to wear some heavy armor. Would be a good idea. But nevertheless, just to pick them all up and stop the insanity. Stop it now. Okay. Nobody in this country has any business haven't a gun except the police in the military and other netty answer is no. No. And the militia. Do we have a militia? No. That's so like I said, nobody else. Talk about people, the stretching it in the hysteria and the fanaticism. The these people get involved with even because of course their logic is all if they make the furer that once they start infringing on our absolute rights, then they're going to like take them away. And of course my response to that is good. Thank God. You son of a bad. Yeah. Here's the rail. Hello. Hey, how's it going? Yeah. Great. Hey, I was surfing the internet and I came. I was looking for a Tobias Nukar and I came across a dealer in Virginia called Cunes Ford. Yeah. You think they would in for we have a Cunes Ford here. Oh, do we? That name sounded kind of familiar. We have a Cunes Ford here. So then how come the the brothers don't make a big deal out of it? Well, now that they know about they probably will. 5605050. I'm about Cunes Mustang. Have you ever seen Cune in the Mustang? I'm sure. Hello, most of them actually like Cunes in Cadillacs. Old Cadillacs. Old be the Cadillacs or if they're like Pimps, they got like brand new yellow flashy Cadillacs. Pink yellow real flashy nice, uh, Cune colors. Sky blue. Sky blue is also a Cune color. Oh, yeah. I didn't know that. I'd be learning every minute. 5605050, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in Davy. Hello. Lady in Davy is gone. Delady in Davy is gone. That wouldn't hold on long enough to speak to me on my 24th anniversary on a year. That she should only have a wicked migraine and deep shrub or stabbing pains in her rectum. Next five years. Thanks for holding on sweetheart. That's for you, honey. 11 minutes out of her life. It was too long. The first person I ever met in my life right there whoever told me it was too long. 5605050, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Fort Myers. Hello. Hey, me. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Hello. She got a lot of hell down. I'm going to get my ass ripped. Exactly. Yeah, I just want to say thank you for all of you. The women that don't hang on. If you don't get to them right away, you're your history. Forget it. They've been fighting. They got a lot going on over here. Yeah, evidently, it took us you watching Oprah waiting to wait and wait in the Oprah warm-up show. Anyway, just got back from Lake Tahoe or a beautiful vacation and it was just phenomenal. One of the most beautiful places I've ever been. Yeah. And got it to top to come back here, man. But for many words. I'm so glad that you're on the air, man. You just totally keep me keeping running buddy. Okay. I love you. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. See you in Tahoe. I'm going to Tahoe. No. Sounds reasonable. What are we going to get on that National Airlines Go to Vegas. Very soon sounds good. Like maybe the Sapp Nova would be good. Or maybe like right after the least Panthers game. Then I, what do you say? 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line out of town line. Tool 387, 775, 6345. One card. I did have a couple of other cards. One a guy brought by Semero on Saturday. And then these are nice people around me to Toronto skyline the thing back here. The picture. That was nice. But one card I got in the mail. And that was like the early one. Remember a couple of days ago that came in. One anniversary card in the mail. You talk about a town that doesn't care enough to send their very best to send anything. Not even a bunch of just in the mail. Nothing. Nothing. They wouldn't give you a schmist. And you don't want to make me feel like. Makes me feel like I'm in Miami. That's what it makes me feel like. Well, we don't care about your birthday. Your anniversary. Yeah, your mom. We don't care about any of that. Well, what do you care about? Well, but you got some tickets. You got some guy been tickets for us. God damn it. You're freaking jiu. 560, 10560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Out of town line is waiting on you. 877, 785, 6345. That combined with the fact that there's no new phones system here today, which city is the first to march. We were guaranteed absolutely positive to be on a shadow of a doubt. Do we know if it's even arrived in the building? Have they even told us that yet? No. The latest lie that we were told is, oh, that it was shipped. It's on its way from San Jose. That's the latest story that these people have fabricated. Just like the check is in the mail. Which they're real good with that one. I would say the greatest line of 99 was that day that Greg Reed or maybe it was like already this year. Little while. Yeah, it was, I guess 2000. When we got the final word on the FCC, flying in Greg Reed stands here and says, oh, well, maybe we ought to do like cockstead when they got fined by the FCC instead of paying them in the 35 grand. We'll just there. We won't pay them. And I said, well, that should be no problem for you. We got a lot of practice. And he said, yeah. 9 minutes after noon at 560 WQM, he criminalized. Puck in Florida. We're getting tired of you. Yilihan, you should be cheap enough. Rolling the guard don't sound so hot. You should be on your way. Yeah. Just go slow. Oh, yeah. Yilihan, you're in a stupid way. All you have to do is go football. Go paddle up and head to South and see how to your mind. So pull back to Huzana. It's only nine tomorrow. So go back and see. Chathra, buddy on your brand new wild love. You at the end of June. You fly on in a suit. So go back in the end. You can see. You're daddy and both grandma. Coffee fate at 5 putter back in your pants. 1250 to 560 WQM. Our poll is real interesting. See, I like these polls that give us a little revelation. So to speak about the audience. Especially since they're doing it anonymously. And they don't have to be a bunch of pussy's and the phrase somebody finds out what they are or who they are or what how big it is. What religion do you believe in? Not born into. Leave it to Eric to phrase this correctly. Okay. Well, we were sitting here agonizing over that. What religion do you believe in? Not born into. That's pretty simple for most of our people out there. And anyway, 80 is so far we got 53 votes because we started this really 80 is 20. Agnostic 14. How do you like that? So that's 64% of this people have been on the website voting on this so far. 80 is the right Nostic. In other words, people with a brain. 7 cat-lick. At least still this week. 5. Oh, Jewish. Feiny babies. 4 Protestant. 2 Buddhists. Well, that makes me feel much better. Maybe they'll come over here and I can rub their head. 1. Board again Christian. And Mormon. Oh, Muslim. Oh, the Mormon thing. I find that very hard to believe. Unless I chase them all away. You think it's possible I chase them all away? Because I made too many cracks about their magic underwear. This ain't a big Mormon town. Are there any tabernacles? There's a Mormon thing right there on the. What is it on 118? There's on the hiatus I do believe. It's not mostly North West, Midwest. And what's either around from the Mingur or 118? There's a big Mormon church. It's 118. I mean, it's whatever hell it is. I don't know. Right by me, there's a big Mormon thing there. And every now and then you'll see those kids with their white shirts and the black bicycles. Name text and their magic underwear. Right up and down the streets peddling it and their bikes too. No Mormons come on. I don't believe that. Donnie Osner will really be upset about this. He'd be pissed off on tell you all the Mormons have vanished from this audience. Those were great days back when we really had not. It's before we came to this radio station. Seriously, before we came to this. In fact, one day maybe last couple days of this week or next week will take a poll on morning listening. On what show while people listen to in the morning before they turn over to this show on this radio station because there's not much crossover. I'll tell you that. Following those three guys in the morning, I say this with all do we expect on my 24th Anniversary of 24th anniversary on a year in this town. Following that show is like following the test pattern. Only the test pattern is less painful. And there's less suction. Here's a mobile and top on a hello. Hey Neil, thanks for 24 years. A great radio. Yes sir. You know, you were talking about on Monday about your turn out out though, the elderly. I was golfing Sunday, chasing that little white ball around. I'm telling you half the people out there and I golf course were over 75. Uh huh. They've got all week to be out there and they've got to go out there on a Saturday or Sunday. Right. I've got all by the way. I don't want to make a request at the end of this. Okay. Um, okay. Let's pass a law and I know you could be definitely the president of this. No one under the age of 60 over the age of 65 is a lot of their house and Friday night to Sunday night. Okay. I mean, it's just ridiculous. They take up the highways and go to the malls. They got all week to do that. I think I don't want to go out there and drive and make our lives miserable. And then on the weekend, they get out there and they're going like that. They have to go to the mall. Except every afternoon, get them off the highways. Anyway, the request. You can't refuse them. Quest on the day you dollars. What? Okay. All right. The bridge tender. You know who that guy was? You know who he is? Getty. Yeah. Yeah. That's who that is with his lawsuit. Crap. Oh, I'm sorry. Hey, all new people get out there on a weekend and get in front of this guy and go to about five miles an hour. We'll give you 50 bucks every time you do it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and also a fizzy glass of stuff. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. No, no, no. Guster Georgia. They don't have Martin Luther King Boulevard. And I'll get this back to back. Back to back. Back to back. All I can say is Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Lady mobile in Miami. Oh, that's me. Oh, my god. Can't believe it. It's you. It's me. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm listening to you for many years. And it is the first time I've ever called a talk radio period. All right. I'm telling you, you're trying to get hired me to do this because I was always afraid to say something and talking to me. Why would I do that? I don't know. But I know you do it. Come and cheat. Yeah. But I wanted to tell you because I turned on. And today I found out you drew out a first ring. And it's my birthday. Well, how did you come in? Well, great minds work alike. Yes. But we have one of the top five. Thank you. Thank you. I'm 45 today. Oh, it's spring chicken. And let me tell you. I was, it was a very depressing. It's the first birthday that I'm really not looking forward to it all. Yeah. I don't look forward to any of many more. Well, after 40, it's just too quickly. But just look around. You and you'll say, God, I'm a young. Oh, I feel very young. Uh-huh. But Neil, I just wanted to say, look, I'm Cuban. I'm Catholic. I'm 45. I grew up in New York. I'm a Miamian. And although there are a lot of things that you say that I don't always necessarily agree with, I keep turning you on because you're a challenge. And I love hearing you. And it's certainly controversial in the next year last. Okay. Thank you so much. And I'll tell you, I saw you from New York originally. No. No? No way. Where you from? Rochester, New York. Not well. Well, that's New York. No, it is not. Huh? The fair thing. Rochester, New York has got nothing to do with New York City. I could just as easily say Pittsburgh. Nothing to do with New York City. No, but it's not like that. I don't want to be associated with New York City. Really? No. I love New York City. Well, more power to you. See you in the Bronx. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond. But how could you say that about New York? It's such a great city. Yeah, sure. It's very antiseptic now. It's very clean. They've taken, they would say, actually, Rudy Giuliani had all the hot dog vendors taken out the shot. They were all taken out in the shot. Never see them no more. Just like Paulie. And that's right. Clements and went out there and took a leak. And all the hot dog vendors got out to join them. It's full of all the way. That's Rudy Giuliani for you. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Just calling it a Mormon in Fort Lauderdale. Oh, really good. A Mormon. Let's hear it. Thank God. Now do you wear your magic underwear? Yes, I do. All the time. All the time. You wear almost at the time. Do you sleep in it? Yes, I do. Wow. You don't take a shower in it. No. Now you don't you don't you like, are you married? Yes. And when you're having relations with your wife, are you still wearing your magic underwear? Uh, not normally, no. Oh, well, not normally. But sometimes, if it's like a quickie, is that it? Oh, OK. OK. You said that I did. Oh, well, but it sounds like it. Yes, you do. In other words, it's pretty close to you. It's a, you stay pretty close to it. Yes, we do. All the time. OK. Well, listen, I'll pray for your pal and have a great day. OK. You restored my 13 humanity. OK. Donnie Asmen says hi too, by the way. A good close personal friend Donnie is a good guy. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Found file. The way he has had these. A problem is with the, yeah. We don't want to hear about your problems anymore, Donnie. Most of this people in the audience would like to have your problems. Marys problems. All of you other show-biz people's problems. OK. We wish you nothing but the best. But nobody wants you anymore about everybody's neurosis. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, how are you? Great. Happy 24 to you. Thank you so much. I almost believe that these people are sincere. Well, I, I, here I want you to take the mail today, because I know you're going to get another card. There you go. You probably don't get your mail until late in the afternoon. Double my number, double my total so far. I get one more. That's it. I'm done. The other, I'm the other half of it. I just want to wish you the best of everything for you. OK. Thanks. You're very welcome to you. And by the way, don't be just that. Yeah, I mean, what's the big deal with cards? Took us you open up a card. You're reading. It's amusing. It's humorous. It's emotional. And it's your own away basket. You know, it's like people are wrapped there. GIF, don't wrap a gift. Just give me the gift. Don't have to wrap it up in a bunch of stuff. Because what you do is you pull the yank all that wrapping paper in a bow, and ribbon it all out stuff off of it. And you throw it away space. It just let me get to the meat of the matter, OK? You know, it's like a pants. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I told Miguel that and he gave me a whimsical look. Like, what does that mean? Sure, I hope you don't catch on. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. Is this Neil? Yes, it is. Hi, Neil. Find a mine. Turn me on to you. And I have a personal story about the Cuban grandmother penis fetish. Yes. I'm 28 years old. And I was married to a city of Miami officer. That he's 28 years old also. I'm kind of nervous, so. That's OK. No pressure. I was married to him for a little over a year. Uh-huh. And he had a very strange behavior. I'm American, by the way. So it was kind of difficult with my background and his background, because they were Cuban and they were Catholic. But instead of him wanting to have sex, his way of having sex was to have me beat his penis. With either a belt or with a shoe. So obviously, the marriage didn't last. So I divorced him. And I've been divorced now for nine months. But I thought that it, I thought that it was very, very strange. And I said, well, in other words, you couldn't whip him in the shape, is that what you're saying? No, the way he wanted to be with Neil was it was totally unbelievable. To the point where you would think that he would bleed almost. It's great. Like, uh-huh. But I learned my lesson from the Latin culture. So I don't think I will ever be remaring another cute. Yeah, well, why do you think you see some of these sacrifice chickens on the front lawns all over town? You know? It's a joke in the chickenness and drum again. Yeah. Well, I learned my lesson. Yeah, well, don't do it against me, don't you? No, I won't. OK. You have a great day. And back today. OK, does anybody have any idea what he's talking about? No, George does, but he ain't telling. Yeah, we invented SNM. 560, 560, I know. Just to look at the rest of us who are living here. We're on the M side. 560, 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, wireless line. Got plenty of openings here at the end. Our 35 minutes to go. Another agonizing day here at WQA. Well, I'm telling you, should make the right move come in here. Did not know. Oh, wow. How's that new phone come in? And by the way, also on my 24th anniversary, you'll notice the phone is working today. Oh, yeah. I really liked that. And block brought in a whole bunch of cold cuts, another deli platter like he did last year from public. I don't want to make him feel bad and start crying, which he does at the drop of a hat, but nevertheless, it was delicious. It was great, but don't be more people with food. So you stop with the food. I'm begging you. Today is lunch in a mommy's day. So this was food that I ate. That should I eat? No, I got to get on that treadmill, according to Jeff Cohen, and just run my ass off. I think, say shit. Yeah, I know. And now what he said, he said, get on the thing and run your ass off. I'm going to come over with a whip. And now that was quite a store that she told. I think maybe Cuban, that could be a very good subject for us, one day, Cuban women and their penis fetishes. Or maybe just Cuban women with penises. Or who are the pants in that family? Now there's one family. We know who wears the pants in that one, but I guess we better not talk about it on the air, huh? Because he might get upset. Or start digging for that hole in his head. 26 after a noon at 5.60 WQA. While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death, the one thing you have to depend on is your car, with two canoe thefts on the rise. But people who brought you a big black-eyed named Ben Carolard, now bring you and old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my accord with the help. You think, and the ass. Remember when we used to boost the back of Carolard, you'd get a wonderful penis baby. The white one's a cooler. And away from my accord with the help. You think, and the ass. How is that? I have sex seriously. So, for better than you like that. Look at that, I take some bites. And away from my accord with the help. You think, and the ass. And away from my accord with the help. You think, and the ass. Whenever some facts tries to steal my car, I feel safer with an old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my accord with the help. You think, and the ass. Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac Carolard now. And receive a brief lower antenna. Get away from my accord with the help. You think, and the ass. And hold Jewish guy named Isaac Carolard. I will be able to do it all. Zor's toy. OK, comfort is 2 at 5.60WQ on a very lukewarm 24th anniversary. Today is this a party or what? No, not really. Another year a day at the ranch. 5.60W. 50, thanks for the facts. Is by the way, thanks to Ken Walsh. And a couple of others. Not like an over-port. Now there's the facts machine. Like, you're bringing off the hook with all kinds of... No, no. Kind of like the mail I would say. Luke warm. Kind of like everything in this town. Luke warm. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Hello, Neil. Yes. Happy anniversary. Thank you. I got a big story for you. I was working down south a couple of days ago. Uh-huh. And I'm sitting on a stop light and I see this more cycle cop trucked by. And as you drive and buy, he just keeps staring at me. So, you know, he's just sitting between traffic. He doesn't care what's going on. Maybe he wanted to date. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil, Happy anniversary. Thank you. Hey, you know the big Mormon in town is Tony Barnes. She's the big Pupa. What channel is it, George? Two O2. Two O2. Yes, what is it? Tony Barnes is the big Mormon in town. He's the Mormon leader. Tony Barnes is the writer. And there are a lot of Mormons here. Okay. Happy anniversary. Okay, thanks. Does anybody know we're talking about? The live. You see the McDonalds. That sits right along Pennwood Avenue. You see the railroad track. Oh, that's the one to bottom of the situation. It may have started in that McDonalds. We're going out of our local coverage from WPXI in Pittsburgh. This once again is as it is going on the air. And again, that hassle thing is sitting. It's covered many things like this. Unfortunately, but well-loating boys and girls on the way. Welcome to Berkeley, Pennsylvania. How in chopper 11 and Andy at this particular point, it appears that the police now have gotten into a waiting game with this suspect. I would say that's the correct way to put this right now, Bob. They have remained around the Penn West office building, which we identified earlier as the American National Building. The doctors and other medical personnel we can assume. There's probably no less than two dozen police cars that remain around the Penn West office building for an entire block, covering all directions, not southeast and west. And many of these vehicles have officers outside, taking cover behind those vehicles with weapons drawn. So it is a tense situation. It remains that. Their hope, obviously, is that the suspect is their accurate about him being inside the Penn West office building. In fact, we'll take the Wiser course and give up rather than try to take shots at police here or take a hostage and increase the tragedy here that we're already dealing with. But again, that area, right around Penn West remains caught and gawped. Police are on every corner on every side street. There is no access to the McDonald's where the shootings occurred. People are being kept out of the area. They're taking a look at the field, big man or something. Any traffic that would otherwise be coming into this area? It might have been as Ben Bree, route it. This remains a live crime scene area. This developing story in Wilkinsburg, Pennsylvania, which is the best outside Pittsburgh, where police have sealed off an area looking for a gunman who shot a number of people this morning in a fast food restaurant. That's a number, more than four in less than six. Five. Okay, there you go. More, great Americana for a fair return in the desert. And you're going to use this out there. You're crazy people. You're dangerous and crazy people. And most of us civilized people would like to be separated from you by a long distance. Let's give you a couple of states like Wyoming, Idaho, the Dakota's out there where there's a lot of big wide open spaces, a lot of cacti-s and tumbleweed and crap like that. And get away from like civilized people. Little one lives like barberians, like Lutantics, like the target practice, what your concept of life is all about. Man, and now they go, they say, wait, right from that, and here's burden of proof for the story about a toxic be a shot. Yeah, like yesterday, when a little girl get in tilt. Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound, five, 60. Look at this. Now we got bugs in here again. It's kind of damn it. Look at this. More bugs in here. Probably after all that food that's rotting over there on the table, which you're not going to need anymore of. No more food. Duff your great guy. I appreciate it very much. Don't ever do it again. No more food. Stop with the food. Stop killing me with your kindness. And stop with the bugs, guy, damn it. I hear it's a little joey. Hello, Joey. Uncle Neil, I just wanted to wish you a happy anniversary. Thanks. You know, it's amazing how many years I've been in you now. Yeah, too many. Do you think there's any chicks the panbers are going to play any defense? No, why do you ask me that? It isn't that a silly question. That's like, no, it's amazing. I mean, like, you know, I have not or lived. I hope not. Why don't I play your leaf? Yeah. At least to make it interesting. Why should they start tonight? I don't know if you're going to get beat like four to one. Let them start Friday against the Rangers up there. Let them take another night off tonight. We get their second win. Get another win. See you soon. Okay, Joey. Take it like five six seven five 60 pond five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Kate Coral. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I've been a Vertory. Thanks. I caught you about two and a half years ago. I drive a lot down here at Coral here. And just I guess, hole on the radio. And you've had me ever since. Uh-huh. Uh, did some time in Rochester as you did there. And I don't know why you spent time in Miami Hell. Uh, what does that mean? Oh, I don't know. It's, uh, it's, I guess it's one extreme to the other. It's, you know, parts is up there. But I, I came the same direction. So, uh, I don't know. Been a while. Time. Have a good one there. Okay. Thanks. Anybody know what you're talking about? No. No. But I come here from Rochester. Oh, that's okay. I mean, here guys, what do you mean sooner or later? But it would be better. But that's what he said. Five six seven, five 60 pond five 60 on the AT&T line. Out of time on his open again after it's a leading call. Well, seriously, we got like little black guy, chiggers in here, man. God damn it. First we had Troy Stratford in here this morning talking about above, above like that, whatever, to how he's talking. And now we got little black chiggers running around in here. Got only knows what it'll be next. Maybe return to visit by. Roy. Yeah, I've got a movement for you. Yeah, I've got a movement for you. Yeah. Perfect. Yeah, I've got a movement for you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The re-pub making party. They are still behind your stubble youth. Oh. But while you were fighting for a country, you were doing a line or two. Stick to none half you, like you are a P.O.D.O, U.S. 25 volts Yeah... Redshift mungh that are the end of your service. I do. Thank you. From our indications and all reports that we're getting right now, the police believe that they do have this individual, the stuntman, confined to a building that is next door to the McDonald's. Of course, as you can see all the emergency vehicles that are there, we saw someone just being trapped into a burning, just a few minutes ago when came back from the commercial. Obviously, the emergency vehicles are on the scene as well, of course, along course, the agencies trying to not only ask the hands, ever hand this individual, they make sure that no one else is in harm's way. Seeing the damage that is already five times. I'm going to show you. Find some shots. You're going to work. Well, it's broken. It's broken. It's broken. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Out of the timeline, tool free. We're paying for it. Eight, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, sixty, three, four, five. Don't forget our religious poll on our website, Neil Runger's.com, which is the early votes. Pretty interesting. AT&T is an agnostic site there on this show. They're audience. Thank God. Here's a mobile and cross brings. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, happy anniversary. Thank you. We took that little journey to Emile Coast the other night. It was very good. It's great. It's a nice place. Enjoy listening to you. Listen to you. Listen to you every day. All my hair is working. So you just have a happy anniversary. Keep up the good work. Okay. Thank you, sir. God bless you. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T, wireless line. Out of the timeline, it's the same old song, man. The same old song. Out of the timeline, line nine, eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, sixty, three, forty, five. And you know something new people over there on a west coast, who ought to be kissing your radio right now. Between whatever the hell it is you got on that seven, seven year to be kissing your radio around the clock. Did you have any alternative like a connection with the almost living and reading places? And did they have the, did they have the hoods, but did they have the inter-afforditude, the call is radio show and kiss my ass and with me happy 24th anniversary? No. No. What we get from over there is that old fossil enables over there who still are can repeat a file that a lot of apiocidal or a public, or whatever the hell it is. Crazy person. And they let out about two days a year and he makes it a point to be sure to call me every time. Here's Oakland Park, hello. I know, I'd be on a birthday. Thank you. I wanted to ask you something about in the early day-to-day-to-day Wednesdays. You used to play a song, boys on sex and morning, but you never played that anymore. Could you play it now? Don't have it. Haven't played that for years. Yeah, I listened to you since, had it in play it for years, sir. Haven't had it since Zeta. That's I thought, yeah, except for some Taiwanese people. What is this? I'd have been listening to you for at least that long. Don't have it. Thank you. Okay. I like it. Don't got it. No. Is that what the songs we got? Find forward I would be able to. Oh, thanks. Because the FCC, they don't want you to have him sex in the morning or in the evening or in the afternoon. Or any other guy at the end time, unless they give you a permission slip. Written. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. This is really really pondering today. And as I recall last year on the first of March, I'm the same thing. What did the same thing? Terrible. Week. Offer. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. I do. Okay. Happy anniversary. Thank you. Did you unlead it? I called about the police officer. That you see his thing. Yeah. That's a friend of mine. A best friend of mine. Not only did he like that, he liked her to dress up like his mother. Yeah. That's what got me. Like your mama. Can you believe it? No. All right. Okay. Thanks. Okay. You're mama. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Daniel. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing, Neil? Okay. Happy anniversary. Thanks. I've only been listening to you for about two weeks. I just moved down here about three months ago from Seattle. Right. Listen. I've been listening to you. I've been on a tour of this little store that happened to me about the police down here on the state. I was driving down a pebble road, got pulled over by a police officer. And he was, boy, as soon as he pulled me over, he got in the car and took a car. You know, and started yelling at me. I'm like, what I do? So a couple of other cops came up behind him and they gave me a roadside sobriety test, which had passed a little eye with the 10- thing I passed out. He says, well, can I search your cars? Oh, yeah. guess why not so he searches my car and that was fine my license was fine but then he goes you know there's a limit search it so he searches me and I didn't even realize that I had my girlfriend's prescription in my pocket so he says you know I wouldn't even try to hide that I had it in my jacket you know right there was pocket so he's you know that's what's this you know it's all that's my girlfriend's for you you know yeah like like bingo like I yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah you know you grab this and you know all the other cops you know they're around me and they go you know they're questioning I said they're my girlfriends because she's at work you can color right now and clarify they're like no no we're not gonna clarify nothing you know whatever so they arrested me for carrying it up to you for what the possession of the control substance how can you write you for for having a prescription drug it was that it was in a prescription bottle from the pharmacy and sure was so how did he know what the difference is that make okay suppose I go to the drugstore to get some of the pickup somebody else's prescription and bring it all but doesn't have to be mine exactly it wasn't his what kind of crap is that I'm talking like oh well it wasn't his well what does that mean I don't know but I just spent three days in that place for our days yeah because it was a Thursday night I didn't even get into the jail till like Saturday or Friday then it was like a 10 hour booking thing I finally get out you know and I you know I got a lawyer and all that now and he's telling me you know don't worry it's a probation case and I'm like what do you mean you know and so you know it's just a freaking nightmare for the stupid thing you know I mean when he was out there and they're searching me all these control of me and they were like spit it out spit it out and I'm like spit what out you know he's like let me see if they got your tongue and all this I'm like I got what do you you know I'm like what the hell is wrong with these people yeah so here I am now I'm out now I don't do it again pal yeah I don't unpack too soon I'm going back okay good luck and now a public kept on Monica too and if you she would have been a rain five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line are we believe in that story I guess you believe it you think it's a legitimate to get I don't see how they can make a good charge having a prescription drug and a bottle from a pharmacy because it's not yours you're an Englishman a they forged prescriptions or people who get prescription it doesn't make a different talk can they prove that well that's just that they don't have to prove it he has to prove it the court already in the and then the losses you have to prove that you're innocent though they can charge it that the new way that it is you have to prove in it in other words guilty before you prove your innocent is that to do the other but you can't be the right oh I see well tell them the right on this five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line police state like I bet you know a lot of your two emotionally crippled of the love believe it and especially those of you with a police thing in your family like all the cops we got out there good braps so when I tell them that but they know it's the truth and all these people trying to justify this hysterical over overkill and he part of expression in the Bronx overkill baby well my son is a police officer okay that's the end of the conversation you know that's one of those deals why waste your time because you know exactly what he's gonna say here's like worth hello George well you to go so he can take over your radio show George wants you to die so he can become a midday guy he wants you to move to Las Vegas so change the Rogers to Rodriguez George wants you to go out so he can take every year show starting tomorrow sounds good to me five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen especially after this crowd today happy anniversary yeah like you're doing me a favor okay don't you know don't not yourself's out okay don't watch it exert yourself I realize you're very busy out there don't you don't don't to overdo it okay don't overdo it and believe me they're not here's a mobile in four miles hello happy anniversary Neil thank you so much from four miles no less what miles over here's kitchen our radio right now okay okay thanks thanks he said he's kissing it 877 785 6345 and of course here 5675 655 see why should I chew them I wouldn't like 10 people listening over there that's not really fair but I enjoyed doing it anyway go I chew them off I mean right here in Dayton Power Rabbit on the year for a hundred years they're not calling they're full of the same old Schmidt here's a lady in Pebra Pines hello yes man yeah happy anniversary thank you I enjoy listening to you show you the only host in South Florida who has got enough to talk about hockey I'm a hockey fan originally from New York I'm a range of ham still oh I'm so sorry and apart time pants are same also next year for your anniversary I'll bring you better food I don't I don't want any food okay no food no not any food also I know that you've already gone through the mixed solid things but I wanted to say something about play is the winner of the play is the purpose I feel that any play or who is another play on purpose should be out no matter what the sport is at least double or triple the length of time the play of who's injured also if he ends someone's career I feel his career should end instantly if it's a definite hit for no reason other than you know normal fighting in the game and normal play yeah how about how about normal for fighting in the game we don't need fighting in the game fighting we don't need it but it shouldn't yeah but we don't need it we shouldn't accept that we should tolerate it there is any other sport in the world where it's tolerated you know that they they're flying to be especially I've seen that and that's because they're flying to me just because don't you relax it doesn't mean that we have to accept it have a great day sweetheart you too and go leave school okay here's a man ahead of you audacity to be ripping Joe Bowen last night on the phone you got some nerve mister oh don't you even already told the story I have to wait happy anniversary I would have been a nursery crap I already told the story about your calling right after Darcy Tucker's goal in ripping Joe Bowen that was that was the lowest blow I ever out hope everybody tells Joe and Harry about this one I'll let you tell Joe yourself yeah all right I'll worry about the anniversary uh great game ahead tonight and the only thing I can tell you here is that your leaf you're gonna lose tonight that's what you're gonna break that what what are you talking about that's not what you told me on the phone last night not exactly that is not what you said I said five and you thought the pants is gonna get their asses kicked it's not gonna get creamed in a thorn night well that's what you said why why don't you say one thing on the phone you call me a woman and you come on the air and do the stuff up job for the organization say they're gonna win you don't believe that you saw you saw the leaves you saw the least never got out of fourth year when I came in land Elana's not against the girls team on one for nothing then every event they never broke a sweat in that game last night actually the ticket will allow to go get going after spending last two days and jacks of the floor that all they were yeah well they were jacks and bill couldn't have heard him too much but they had a full day look to me like with that win last night they pants the they passed the pantiers and the standings and these are gone earlier yeah so they make it a bit of a joke tonight that makes it a desperately important game that I especially with a capitals only two points behind the pantsers on joke tonight well listen I think he wrote Joe Bowen and the apology okay who's that yeah yeah and if you don't watch and I'm gonna tell your brother on you my brother yeah you gotta you gotta believe you'll come out if you were the Dave key on sign hockey stick if you don't cut the crap rimmer I did key on let's hear himself law yeah no yeah he's a big deal Rodgers fan well maybe we can sign him up there you go okay see you tonight hey happy anniversary many more okay we're getting you and Michael Mayo we're going to apologize to Joe Bowen and Dave Halberstein how's that good bye yeah okay four minutes to one a QAM five six oh I forgot this pop one you know him he gets me all dry concepts would like to come but why does he call me at home and say one thing call me out of here and say something else that's what I would like to know just like when he did those hockey shows during the breaks he would say one thing and then deny it all week you know just like Wayne you know say one thing and then turn around and go do something else oh so one to do our I am anyone done that it's the reason why I am calling you stress for something else so we can talk about the media circuit that is going on for a super advance now I know that I am only six but I read that I 38 you all level so I'd like to issue this speech that I work on along with my team of advisors very often when one day I was into the infrastructure of these weather not statistic and oftentimes deconstructing the experiment propaganda advisors once feels they need sense of sorrow and it would be in the best inches of all parties concerned if we simply allow a young man of my years to rebel in the innocence of you rather than the political pawn for those about theory and look at thank you please excuse me I'm late for my heat shoot photoshoot okay one or two or five six you're able to feel my tele year the current results on our religion pool here so far shocking shocking 124 votes so it's really picking up our poll question on our website near rangers dot com today is what religion do you believe in not what you were born into but what you believe in that's your opportunity to be relieved you have it no leave okay atheist 42 out of 124 that's 33.8 percent agnostic 34 in other words we got 42 people are honest in 34 people are like like George you know keep telling 42 atheist 34 agnostic 22 cataclyc now you know who those cataclycs are don't you huh you know they are oh but these are people who believe in the cataclyc religion so I guess they have a little less than yet or maybe they like it 12 we got all you lost 12 Jews seven Protestant for four Buddhist so that means we got some goods I mean some of the Asians out there right that is certainly oh come on we have a thing there for a while what but what about five minutes then Buddhism is that what you be talking about is all kinds of Buddhism yeah is that fact all the Buddhist that ever meant were an Anglo but you have to run on the occidentals you can probably tell people our Buddhist it was purely accidental four Buddhists which we don't care what you're okay we love our Buddhists they're like peace next there they don't go around shooting anybody except their government for and again Christians we got two and I watch out for them because they've been known every now and then to get a little bit to carry the way more than we got one more man so I'm sure if not to go to a call well I'm not sure I have no idea in the way of knowing that that's why these are great because they're anonymous I love these apples in fact let's just forget to show and do the show on the internet with polls who the only this sitting beggin for calls every day even on my anniversary which I got to be honest with you if I'm a part of this audience I'd be pretty embarrassed today wouldn't you wouldn't you be a humiliated and embarrassed almost as much as rumour should be for tell me last night that the panthers are gonna get their ass kicked tonight and then calling on the earth said they're gonna win five to two I mean come on rumour you're a good guy but let's let's get serious I understand that you need to pay checking all that good crap but come on and the Muslims now one Muslim they're probably too busy handing out newspapers on a corner out here on 441 knives dairy road with that Louis Furrcon outfit that guy wears 124 votes and 76 of them that's a total of 60 point that 2% atheist or agnostic which of course is what you'd expect on the show right at least which is good that's good and the rest of the people were still working on them try to get him a brain get him to think in the sake of my all that crap I'll let's sell stuff five six seven oh five sixty this is my last attempt to try to get this board lit up like a honic abuse because I'm starting to get really upset do you believe me oh but it sounds good anyway oh here's what he graper speaking of people with ponytails that's two for two today hey how you doing well pretty good what he thanks for those horrible tickets said the back street boys in the pouring rain last year who you don't see if I could do it again for you okay maybe 98 degrees in the inside where it's dry yes yeah is there dressing room effect is very dry there well it'll be too dry for longer fogging and there but anyway yeah listen do you have room in that pole for it or it's a back service yeah okay put me down then okay you're done thanks Woody okay happy anniversary thanks a lot it's my pleasure they had a my good friend Jim Martin there you got it okay yeah get out of here oh boy he's a good guy but wow five six seven oh five sixty Paul look at that here's a real real good friend of our son time a real interloper who's spread them himself around a wise no self respect of course when you're that big it's easy to spread it around you got this is your dive at it boy till you know when I heard that you run the Liz wild show I turned and I said the George here is a man who has no self respect I need to go on with how or anybody can understand that because how it's got a gigantic audience and he can make you a lot of money on your website but to go on with that disgusting desperate bitch I mean are you are you really that desperate I'm that that's it I'm not that's for that I am when I perform oral sex and you no no I'm your boy for you I'm your diabetic boy to it yeah yeah yeah you know for me I guess the George from Amsterdam I must just be starting to kick in right about him okay and norm Kent is afraid to call you you said did you the views and so much you know you'll fake friend you'll fake Gloria has to has his little gate tapered the express yeah and he told me to call you with a summoner you are coming from next week and I forgot it you're in a verse right yeah what is it you're on with 10th and it's 24th yeah so I'm miss you desperately and I want to have sex with pretty all of these I'm really flared and extra I didn't crystal and I are going to play those repeat you know what are you going to answer them again I'm going to have a clean stay you had to you know it's you birthday but I'm going to be there the last week and eight oh good why don't you talk with them oh miss you this time will be there before you you see a part come on you know in fact we're in a trash at this time of course you know something you are a part of how would you know the difference no no but the people should gain you can paint it pink if you start with a back door Joe so you're coming I'll get to know one of your going on Lizwa you're right out of material you're right now good stuff I know I love you I miss you I'm going to be in Florida next Friday for a week and I may actually get if you didn't vouchers I understand you little friend there George is going to if it's going to buy me dinner is when you're advertising right he's going to buy you dinner yes I got a news for all all the people I know put together couldn't afford to buy you dinner happy anniversary thanks I'm sorry listen to me lose some weight I will try to have someone to schmock no George you're a schmock okay I love you Neil thank you by all have dinner where she have the other working on see hey Norm nice job getting that phone in here by the way loser it's even a check the one you you know you know pop pop pop pop pop yeah they're going to build me a studio in Toronto and miss a song and in the can't a day went and Judy would have to get build a studio in here that works oh no I mean talk about a joke talk about delusionary bullcrap Greg what do you got to say for yourself Greg yeah eight minutes after one at five sixty q a and it to that hospital alone they are reportedly in critical condition there is another victim as well that has been admitted to another unnamed hospital at this particular point and then we saw another victim as well a little off you know just too many victims and too many shootings they're in Pittsburgh at the Wilkins by McDonald's and some other join it just goes on every day into people's an archaind what time is God damn operand we don't have time for this crap what is play those with a day I'd like to read a letter that I'm writing to all white people today in the spirit of unity and understanding their white folks couple of things you ought to know when I'm born I'm black when I grow up I'm black when I get sick I'm black when I go out in the sun I'm black when I go out in the cold I'm black when I get scared I'm black and when I die I'm still black but you my white man when you're born you are pink when you grow up you are white when you get sick you are green when you go out in the sun you go red and when you get cold you turn blue when you get scared you turn yellow and I happy it's time for my life is when white people die you turn purple and you got the damn nerves to call me colon okay one fourteen is five sixty W.D.K.M. Boca Brian just came in here's a man who cares every year brings me another one of these useless I mean one of these great classic corvettes American muscle something I can't even read the goddamn thing collectables came where we what that that says it's a 1962 Chevy Corvette convertible and a beautiful little red one no less and I'm going to take it home and put it right next to the other ones in that closet no it's great it's a beautiful thing five six seven five sixty I'm sure he would have brought me to something a little bit more impressive but he was there with us on Saturday he's been depressed ever since here's my any hello hey Neil how you doing pretty good happy anniversary on privilege I get to go after shooting an outgold scene right that's a serious together sports work but I've been with you for about ten years but I got a little story to tell you I got an instrument with this backwood redneck NASCAR lover yeah about about religion no less and you know for some reason we got in the subject of that and you know I told them that you know I'm a fan of the WF and wrestling and this and that and he talked and telling me that you know they flashed beam God and this and that and I offended him when I told him that I would rather have me and my six year old child sitting there watching you know the TNA and the violence on TV's brain wash by the bottom of my seat of the fairy tale called the Bible and boy did he jump up and get all listed this often far now I'll boy he was fired up and I told him I said well you know in my household I promote free thinking you know we don't like brain washing but you know and if the sad day in America when you know you don't know whether or not the teacher or a little whether or not you know he should like police or not because who knows if he pulls out his wallet you might get shot right by time exactly don't love your kid ever wallet yeah forget that right again carry cash in his pocket but I just I appreciate your show and I really like listening to you every day gets me through the day and thanks a lot and then closing my power crisp on a down as a douchebag okay he was doing so well right up until that point you know five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-were to slide he was doing brilliantly and he just turned it right around and went out of the drop right off from the septic tank there let's just say don't call 911 what what does this mean you have it all figured out about cops next time you're in trouble don't call 911 call 411 asking who's going to help you I know that you give money to law enforcement agencies that's why all this cop bashing is confusing please read the attached sheet this is from custom wall and bar whoever the LAR signed one of the few people appreciate the hard working officers I appreciate hard working officers to asshole I just don't like corrupt cops okay I don't like cops who over re-actful people away with 5,000 shots I don't like cops or sitting in the goddamn bushes wasting our taxpayers money right in stupid speeding tickets I mean this this is another one of these 11 more leading kind of asshole not interested okay pal with your custom wall and bar too much not enough time out of wall and too much time at the bar I think is your problem here's a mobile and pombie chillo google nio yes sir how you doing okay happy anniversary buddy you know what you do and hello yeah I'm listening hey I went to a Vegas a few weeks ago yeah but I'm brings a chair to my mind think about it brings a many tears to my thinking about my being here um what's the name of that airline that's the place it's over there national national right good deal um I get another good question for you under these you just can't but okay ever great tape out your phones to break it up coming back kind of tone that works maybe we're not out of town line is open 877 785 6345 877 785 6345 we're getting the best guide to info system in a history mankind what are these days you watch anybody believe it no we're getting it it's on the way believe it no no how's that construction project at a third floor for Christach's it's the first of March 2000 it's that thing should be done out there and that's no how about that's what's on a wall that's the layer oh man you gotta be kidding me I mean you're the the word that describes this place there that's why I fit in here so well because there's one word that the describe SLOB Slob that describes this place we have to change our call letters WSLB Slob radio because when you go out there in a hallway and take a look at the schmutz on the walls and then the bugs that are flying around just biting my answer by the way and the rest of me too let's do this something new what excited has been added here maybe this is like an extra bonus for my anniversary bugs free bugs these little figures that flying around and bites your ass big time thanks a lot Greg here's Miami hello hello Neil yeah I called about a couple of things um I don't know if you saw it yesterday in the paper Lewis Faircon came out and told the people in the nation of his love yeah how sorry he is asked so I read the paper yeah well you know just amazing these people swallows bubble mice use I mean basically it's one of the mice excuse me yeah basically it's all in everybody you know oh by the way that profit that uh I've been telling you the final profit for the last 40 years oh I I changed my mind oh it's just kidding it's really this guy right anyway whatever uh about the I want to try and about the the shooting up in New York by the cops it's such a tragedy when it law-abiding on arm citizen get to gun down and a hell of bullets other people that are supposed to be protecting right and I don't know how many more people have to die by sugar happy cops before the government starts putting you know there's non lethal weapons and the cops here they have these non lethal weapons you know that's in sound waves right that I mean yeah but that's not really good imagine I just am a little bit of not killing what fun is that yeah I know I mean how many would people have to die and also you know in the country okay 187 I just got a bull in here 187 more okay in the interim I think the government should at least go into the ghetto and have like sparks or training classes you know what to do if you're confronted by a lot of the sparks are sent to the activity training right yeah you know because obviously must stay in the police handbook that if it's a sparks or he must be packed into right all these forces out there you know keep safe in no choking movements right you know those old stereotypes those the sparks are packing a big one so look out yeah okay I'm a great day five six seven old five and that the stereotypes are packing something heavy duty five six seven old five sixty I got news for a man I seen some dark guys with a penis the size of a button mushroom where we go in of course it was from a distance here's a mobile and western hello mobile western yes sir yeah I don't okay so some retired police officer from north yes sir and I have to do it I mean they always tend to cover up you know what I mean it's like like like rocket doctors it's the same thing they come back to other well you know it's a problem and the problem I worked in with a moving court except the union killed it of course is when something happened having public hearings when when an incident happened so there but you could see what went on instead of a bean dump behind closed doors right because incidents like that make it bad broke up you know the the honest ones that they're all that's correct but that kind of stuff happened and you know talking about all this violence at the guns and everything else as long as you live in society where they didn't prevent you from playing songs about sex but we could talk all day about people getting murdered right that's okay you know something and the public is so conditioned to this that they are both of the people out there they think oh yeah well I'm mixed a lot of sense yeah we've got the word police who are worried about comedy material every play on a radio and the government finds this because of all these definitions that they've arbitrarily made up about you can say this and that don't put your finger over here or whatever but in the meantime people are blowing little kids away and they're blowing each other away and they don't have time to worry about that it's ridiculous and you know they're doing in our context and things like that I've been a decade talking about the pills before we wait so much money and trying to force something that recorded the population does any help let them do it let's tax it put into education that having people shoot each other but yeah I think too as I worked on the cover and my colleagues for a year and I realized what a ridiculous thing that was because basically the government's in top had a division where they police themselves because that's the people who make the most money off selling the gotics the government not the uh not the thing because anytime we got in here anybody big when we told the back wall it's okay to pick on individuals you know what I mean but that they think they weren't interested in getting any higher than that so it's you know all politics okay people all big happy anniversary thanks a lot all right see the passport office okay there's slept and what are they doing yeah i'm just came in and told us to shut down and they're actually when you don't know well i'm gonna tell you those people in Pittsburgh they're gonna be a starvino they're gonna not only McDonald's had a shut down but Duncan donut what you've seen happen and a curse since this took place well what I hear from people coming to the store they said that the guy came into the McDonald's shut insurance with people inside on his way out he shut the guy in the parking lot in his torch blue van and uh i think somebody was shut in uh very good also and and now they have them surrounded and an office building near a Wilson house so now they'll be placed what are the police said he said he just blew his crap away right now see but when we got somebody who's like uh not really then they the 41 shots 19 hits and they blow him away because he was crouching and look this is precious and because he was short to him was an easy easy pick and you know couldn't fight back but uh this guy here they got him cornered this is the guy this is a lot of blow him away huh i mean we can argue about capital punishment but this isn't an execution this is just the police work yeah i think we can all agree with that right uh there you go how much more of this crap can go on this guy that just called he's one of the great colors have ever had in my life and x-cup who understands what it's all about they ought to close down the DEA right now all right close it down and cut out the bull crap all the billions and billions that they're wasting on his self-fulfilling bull crap with the DEA and all those bull crap with marriage or we need all those other garbage and all these drug busts they could be using the educate your kids and if they had to do it and also to make the guy the name school safe put in security systems so kids couldn't walk in a school with gun anywhere no matter what kind of a school it was oh but we can't afford to do that because uh you know we got to uh get the guy the weed people we got a bunch the guy who's got his girlfriend's prescription his car if that's a true story and i have no reason to doubt it no one got the infectious state we live in what kind of a commentary is that go to a drugstore to pick up your girlfriend or husband or wife or boyfriend or whoever the hell it is prescription which doesn't happen to have your name on in a prescription bottle with a doctor's name on it obviously and the cop says uh uh or was it uh one of the above a guarantee of that oh maybe that too gotcha it's the gotcha mentality of the cops so the porters of these pigs out there these disgusting the bad cops not the good cops there's a few of them Georgian i have met one or two between this 26 after one after one at 560 WQM got just frost my fat hairy ass i'll tell you that what what pen in a public oh yeah well that's that's right you know it could be dangerous you could be smuggled like uh what like what milk ham what i wanted to have a near probably uh who knows what it was god damn probably probably a hemorrhode pills for your victim something like that no one is girlfriend QAN drops the queen flag with muttersport senator senator morning six with chocastelo right here on sports radio five 60 QANs Floridian dumb ab dirt you know them as the staple of MSMBC news and now the long way to see these here the Ramsay sings their favorite beach boy hits well we're not cracking up we killed our daughter and had enough money to ride the authorities with plenty of over it we should decide to kill again that the no to show we don't know who's cracked the scoops in oh in her room brother would survive get this ticket for the fly hack the fries not much time you know fries won't expedite captured my controller yeah it's the Ramsay singing their favorite beach boy hit now available from guilty pleasure records all right all right well i've said it once again they've ever saw that case emma smb c goes off the air until they're right now round the clock morning new night and it's interesting a CBS of the ones that are doing the mini series so they figure all we'll put them to shame forget about them we'll do like round the clock uh MSNBC coverage on the Ramsay that's in between our coverage on the shootings in Pittsburgh by the way visuals that's blown individual and that initially where we felt that although it wasn't the jurisdiction of the FBI that we could maybe provide some assistance to the local law enforcement which is what we're trying to do all right engine bill crawling on us and the FBI thank you so we appreciate it thank you Kelly glory the changing nature of the story again another update on the conditions of victims of those who have been shocked we know there are five wounded now the official Council the Associate of Press 4 in critical condition that oh great okay there we go five six out oh five sixty pound five sixty so let's see if with those five died it's so we're down to 182 right here's sport Myers hello you yes sir at the anniversary thank you you are God and I think more people when they're discussing marijuana especially the illegalization of marijuana they should figure out where like how it first became illegal just as uh it was a very corrupt system even back then when it first became illegal like the American metal medical association wouldn't testify in Congress that it should be illegal yeah and it was all like you know well it's because all the doctors are smoking it's a one-hose they want to make it easily exactly now they get all the best right okay thanks thanks thank yeah this business with marijuana I'm going to tell you right now all the people in jail for marijuana for growing for selling for possessing I say open the doors and let them all out right now according to a clock this afternoon and you can put all the scumbags in there and have plenty of room left over and look at all the goddamn testimony will be saving from having to feed all these people behind bars let them go out there and go back to work and be back with their families and live like a reasonable life in smoke a little weed crazy country crazy government crazy law enforcement people crazy laws on the books and the meantime what is the republican party what's their big thing oh you're more anti-castle no you're more anti-born again Christian that's the whole and they've been talking about issues anymore forget about the tax cuts forget about uh anything else even the king mr. big reformer there with a campaign finance reformer they talking about that anymore oh all he's talking about is who's the anti-catlick and who's anti-born again and who's the joint of the hip-hunt Pat Robertson and come November after that election day they're going to be looking around and a cloud of dust saying who's on first because we're not we're out Senate House White House Kissed Goodbye Jordan W what's that out of timeline glad you asked 8777856345 here's a call in North Miami hello hey thank you first time close short time listener all right boy bread over Tony's turned me on to you next one we love red we love Tony I'm a former company stuff and I want to tell you I'm discussed what would happen up to those guys also you you're cops out of land and they got away with those young girls they should be fried and the reference to you think about where you live is I live near you over there I got stopped last night two o'clock tomorrow I'm an investigator now don't surveillance because I switched lanes to go get gas at the shelter on uh uh uh uh university that pulls me over not brand-new card not to the win those white diametions actually what do you stop me for I look suspicious at two in the morning you're suspicious at two o'clock tomorrow because I was running out of gas I changed my mind to get gas so I got back on the road I do like that I was suspicious I just want to say I enjoy listening to you I enjoy your show I wish you run twenty-files a day because it's nothing else worth listening to that I agree and I agree with that former company you're up to days to work in a bronze for twelve years in the in white pd and I woke up one then I quit because I got tired of the bullshit and uh uh bullshit then I'm not to say right anyway just want to enjoy listening to you okay thanks you awful five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line eight seven seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five on the out of town line the world famous tool free line for Fort Myers for Charlotte Naples Sarah Soda Dunneeden Raidenton Panama City, Tallahassee, Gainesville, Lake City, Lake Worth, Port St. Lucy oh I should say that I take that back the last one here's a mobile in Miami hello hey near I don't all right man this this country is going to make this word is going to make it but no I got my solution what is it I want to know what is it I want to be a me who I'll be a me one of those uh what you got all ice houses and uh Northland ice house yeah yeah I'm gonna stay with the X-Motion of giving my two or three ladies in and this there yeah this this word is I understand there's a lot of blubbering idiots up there though you are you watching you watching uh uh uh TV now watch it in the NBC I'm watching their live coverage of the dead people at the well almost dead people in Pittsburgh yeah yeah may country man I know it was wrong with it near you the guard what's the solution to the solution man so I say start right now we go on take away all the guns that's what I say all the guns come to the round them up right now but near when it's out round them up it's tough and the man they just fan a fan another with one round them up baby round them up right now tell you you ask down told you see the side of the house and has to do it is on the green land okay baby all right see and record it in ice land at the ice house you son of a bitch 22 before 22 at 5.60 QM got hang out at the rally 2 we got the yoldy on GMI took your clock from the hard rock cafe out at the oasis at the soil grass and then we got the a pregame show at 7 o'clock made beliefs in a panther 739 at the macarina Toronto Maple Leafs and the panthers I'm sorry that a lot not balanced that out too bad 5.6705.60 pound 5.60 on the AT&T line the toll free line not too big today huh not too big not too much going on solely my 24th anniversary on a year nobody even gives a crap we had a guy from Chicago he cared he was a pretty nice guy that's a problem in his town searching for the people who have something to say and a well on the city even though just happy anniversary and up your ass something like that you know something simple something from the heart something from your private part where ever it's coming from they still don't care enough to send her and by the way I'm going to tell you a toy strapper because she brought him in here and given all of uh... penises accounts you know and didn't i predict he were going to have a nightmare with us because he doesn't give me any copy like do i have the mart's schedule for pop at all part absolutely not of course not nobody she didn't go to explain to him how the job is done because he hasn't got the far east idea and even if she did she wouldn't care anyway so try your a good guy and just like louaine says you never stole a freight train in your assain all that bad is what she said but the bottom line is you got to start servicing these accounts getting some copies we'd art you know what i'm saying do you know what i'm saying try you got it required can't keep a pek are in is hand It's nothing, we all have been right. We've been right. Don't you know, don't you think about it, that you know is a lie. I know you know what it means, make it into a lie. We know that we're so right. We know that we're so right. We know that we're so right. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.