4th trigger, 560 W2A LISP for Waterdale presents the Neal Rother Show, the talk to Neal Call 567-0560 toll free and redated router, or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neal is best pollers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAMB's re-dequisitions or the B-Z-B broadcast group. Now Neal Rogers, a sports radio 562A LISP, is Friday, you press, please. 560-0560A LISP, the first time I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I've seen the video, I'll look at it if you guys like to give the ride, everybody hold your breath, it'll wake up, go! I'm a little ganze of the shift, I'm both before the Fogan va's doing our tests, on the air today to get some 10 minuteия on the street with my bag gets cut that's outside the hall, I haven't had a ship take a while yet before the ride in the right-hand front, it will be up to one of the 12 minutes I'm just going to get off. Have a happy day. I'd love to wait to want to piss off any of our Uppedation Friends out there. Do we have any Egyptian friends? No. Like I said, who cares if we piss them off or not? But pilot intended a crash in TSP says. Like this is a big surprise. They knew about this as soon as they got the voice recorded. They knew about the story. They knew what they had. Did am I right about that? Of course. But then the family said this and the Egyptian government said that. We always got to be worried about what we're going to Fends somebody. That's the problem in this world. Rather than just talking to the guy damn truth. No matter who it fends, we got to be on pinging needles because we don't want to piss anybody off. But they have the bomb. Oh, so screw them. That's what I say. They don't have a bomb. But just don't worry about pissing them off or not. As the case may be. Although they do do those nice pyramids. So anyway. The Sun Sentinel not to be outdone by itself. This morning on the East N.A. standing in a hockey. Maybe somebody out there is noticed this. You think anybody else noticed this? Eastern conference. There's the southeast division. See, I want to look in there to see how many points out of what got because they're tied with Philadelphia. I was pretty sure how many it was. But I just wanted to double check. See how far they'd be behind Toronto. Well, Toronto and Ottawa. That division doesn't exist anymore. Sun Sentinel's got the southeast division. They had landed division and the southeast division twice. So the Florida Panthers are on top of two to very good. If you read this morning's Sun Sentinel, nice going boys. Now comes the real question of the day. What kind of person in its right mind? No, I haven't my hand. I have something in my hand. Not that. I mean, everybody likes head. But nobody likes head, cheese. Believe me. So there's a whole bunch of crap here from Boreshead. You don't think it could be from Richie from Boreshead. Uh-huh. You think? You know something. There's a brought worst in here, which by the way, the Bore. I do love Boreshead meets, but their brought worst is real. Mealy. Isn't that the word I'm looking for? Is it? Gritty? I've never had it. Yeah, gritty. Rimes with. I remember old Shmitty. He used to play at their base. Oh, seriously. I don't like their brought worst at all. But the antigens were good. And there's some turkey stuff. And some mustard and sweet onions. There's a whole package here. Some cheese, provoloni and not bad. And you know something Richie, you could bring over 65 pounds of the most delicious products that Boreshead makes and you still be a pain in the ass and a chronic in an asshole. But you bring this over because you're so desperate to suck it around and they'll, and they'll continue letting you on here on that show. They don't give a crap who they put on here. That's obvious. I have to do with listen. You can hear that. But don't call it show because we will not put you on here on this show. Porter, we can or not. So he brings in as the peace the resistance, and believe me, I can resist it easily. I may, I may gag. I may puked during the middle of the show just looking at this. I'm holding it. I'm squeezing it. Boreshead brand head cheese. A big one. Oh, God is this gross. First of all, I hate to break the news to Richie, but Jews don't eat. Oh, head cheese. Jews like head, but they don't like head cheese. I can't imagine anybody, any living being with a brain larger than a pee than a ball bearing who would put this in its piss. It would take one hell of a lot of money. It would have to be like, it would have to be six digits. At least five. High five digits before I would take a fork for this and put it in my mouth. And I've had some pretty interesting stuff in my mouth, but I got news for it. I didn't go to be just, just look at this. No. Will you eat it? No, no, no, no. What could be in gradients? Cooked pork tongues. Oh, I'm going to gag. I really am. I'm going to puke right here on the ear. Cooked pork tongues. Water, cooked ham. Sweet red peppers. Fresh sweet red peppers. Water. Citric acid. Gelatin. Oh, yeah. Lots of gelatinity. Gelatinness. Salt, dextrose. Sugar, flavorings. Vinegar. Sodium phosphate. MSG, of course. I'm sure just loaded. Sodium erit verbate and sodium nitrate. And it comes in its own poop bucket to understand. So there's some just a sticking at the ear. You can fill it up. When it's down for a little bit, I'm just waiting to find out if there's anybody in this audience who eats head cheese. And please don't tell me it tastes like chicken. Oh, God, to look at this thing, it's a gelatinous mess in it. It's got like, I don't want to imagine what these things are. I think I already just read them. Pieces of pork tongues. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. This is worse than going into your 7-11. In your neighborhood, you float them store. And picking out one of them, pickled sausages or pickled eggs, you know, that little piece of rack of wax paper, the eat them in. And just in, and oh man, I get nauseous just watching people do that. And they do. And that pink liquid. And that antibiotic fluid. It's been sitting in there for weeks and months. And maybe even years, goddling knows, even he's not too sure. And they go in there and for like a buck and a half or whatever it is, they get to pick their own. Just like you know, as you get to pick your own. And you take that wax paper and you reach in there and you pull out one of them nice sausages. Know your supposed to use tongues. Yeah, that's what they look like. So they're big. They look like something that rhymes with tongues. Oh, god. Head cheese. See, so this right here is reason why we never were going to let him on the show again. Anyway, even if he had something to say, or was interesting, which he's not he's up in the noxious. He's grow test can revolting. We do like the borrower said people, we just don't like you, Richie. We can't stand you. Go back to the Bronx. You make me nauseous. Bring a big hedge cheese. That's all they're talking about out here in the worst team guys all morning. Oh, you see that big hedge cheese in there? Oh, yeah, I noticed they didn't come in here and try to swipe that. Somebody stole my pen. Somebody from in there. I'm sure, but nobody bothered taking a hedge cheese. Anybody want it? No. You sure? No. Eight minutes after 10 at five, 60 WCAM. No portion of this broadcast. We reproduce without the express written permission of WCAM. The release acquisition court. Oh, not more nerve-racking than the holidays. More intimidating than taking a shower in the seventh grade locker room. Even more stomach turning than Cameron Mannheim naked. It's... I told you. Oh, what are you up to? I'm in finance. You feel a thing? Yeah. So, yep. You have nothing to say, but really a do. So, you married that? Yeah. You know, she was my first lamp. I'll never forget it. These are my girls in the locker room. Girl locker room. We never forget your first lesbian experience. High school reunion. Oh, my, kill on your... You thought it was bad, you got fags. Yeah. I used to be a martyr. Do you dare go? You are high school reunion. No pass, so just like the year had cheese. Twelve on its after 10 at five, 60 WCAM. So, anyway, I'm sitting here with this 40 pound tumor in my gut or whatever. I like that. It's just amazing. I can't... can I get an answer for any of these people? I haven't had to call my good little friend, Torpey Gary, a doctor, Dix office this morning. It hopes that he could call over for a doctor, Diamond, and call over the other place. They can't give you an answer. You spend thousands and thousands of dollars. All of these got to him test. They can't even give you the goddamn results. And you sit there and your kiss cues are twisting. And you're wondering, what the hell is going on here? And they can't answer. They can't tell you that. Although the good news is I didn't get a call yesterday from somebody in doctor, which I can't figure the doctor's out. Dr. Diamond and his office. Robert. Oh yeah, the H. Poloria was negative. I have... do you know what that is? The H. Poloria test was negative. What's negative is always good. Whatever it is, it's... it's... it's good. Unless they're checking if you're breathing. That negative is not too good on that. So, my H. Poloria... let's have a party, alright? H. Poloria test was negative. My endoscopy was negative. Oh, my... well, anoscopy was negative. My stress test was great. Oh. I'm not a feel like crap. I'm ready to eat the headchees and just throw in the towel. Here's Western, hello. What are you doing? Okay, sir. Hey, yesterday I listened to a super dark over there. You have to do a bitch, we're trying to rip you, man. She said... Okay. 560, 560, POMP 560 on the AT&T Wireless LONERS, a good call for it. H. Poloria is a bacteria that causes stomach ulcers. Yeah. Well, I don't have stomach ulcers, I guess, because it was negative. Oh, right. No H. Poloria and my stools were lovely. 567, let's see if we can't do that simple and cold right off the bat. And we don't care about stupid talk. Don't you understand? There are two things I want to tell you right now. The Danny Marine, or should play another season or more. Those people are lifeless and idiots. And if people, anybody who would listen to stupid talk is also an idiot. So, spare me the pain with that crap. Okay? Find a life. Go go go draw a fight, a guy damn, uh, hooker somewhere. Anything, kill a couple hours, and they have no kill 10 minutes. Listening to stupid talk. Oh, you must be the one, huh? Because nobody else is a ten of that. And if they are, they are, they're sure not admitting it. Come on, the desperate bitch they got on there. Like I care what they say do I care? Because nobody's listening anyway. All I care about is my beautiful head cheese here. And of course, the boss had symbolized his head of the pig. Oh, you do understand that. Although it has a little circle you want to bond on. I wonder what that means. Here's plantation. Hello. Neil. Yes Sir. I used to work in a daily in a different lifestyle. Yeah. I wouldn't even slice a crap. I think you want the other guy. Yeah. You don't want me to slice it? Let's somebody else stick this out of the window. I mean, I can't even look at it. What kind of people would buy it? Yeah, the stuff they put the gulf position right exactly. It's like you think it's good, but it's not. It's not. Right. More like shit. Mm-hmm. No, I wouldn't go near it. Good choice, pal. Stay away. God bless you. Okay, there's some good advice from a guy to use to work with me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T, wireless line, by the way, grandma and grandma, they are coming. They were going to come last night. Then channel 7, breathlessly reported this morning. They were not coming. And then I told Bluff to tell you a young lady that reads our news out of the newspaper in the morning, whatever her name is, what's in the air, Carolyn. She's very nice, but she reads the news paper because we don't have a news wire. And she got it wrong. And well, and eventually she got it right. No, it's like the old thing. If you're throwing a crap up into the air sooner or later, some of it will come down and hit the earth. Your rights will be right. They are coming, even though at the time you said that they weren't coming. If that makes any sense, does that make any sense? No, no. But now they are coming. Tell me you're up to JFK. It's on. It's off. It's in. It's out. They're coming. They're not coming. The Russians are coming. They're British are coming. It's just never stops. Here's Wilton Manor. Hello. Hey, Neil. Hey, doing. Okay. I want some tickets from another station. The other day, a fat Paul Casterdavo for heat game. There was so far up in the rafters. I'm not even going to go to the game. And the same guy this morning was ripping you. I don't know if you heard it so far. No, I did not hear it. What is this? It's probably was fire reports. We're about what? Well, just because the years ago when I used to live here, he was a big fan of yours. And now this morning, he's saying you're dottering old fool. You have no new material. He went on for about two minutes. I don't know what happened. But that's that dig over there. It's just. I wasn't here less. I know. I never give a crap. All he is is a rip off artist that only ever has been. It's only ever will be. I totally agree. Everybody's material. He's these small potatoes. I don't care about them. I don't know talent. But I want you to know that because he shouldn't be going after this. I can't hear what he has to say. He can say whatever he wants. It's a no consequence to me. He never used to do that to Neil. You're the guy. You're not. Are you listening to what I'm saying, Mr. I don't care. Okay. And have a great day. And by the way, does he do the show alone over there? Oh, could he do a show for four hours every day for three weeks without taking any phone calls or talking anybody else? No, no, of course not. But I'm a dottering old man. And by the way, we have lots of new material. Every day there's new stuff we play on the show. I was supposed to use a rip it off. I was supposed to use a rip it off. But I said, I don't really care. Manic was on the year. Oh, well, I ran into him and his whatever the hell he called John is a boyfriend or one he's a poor and around town and the mall. If I ever seen him at the mall, I haven't seen him in years. And a hockey game's the last time I saw him three four years ago. So you're a compulsive liar and desperate. But we saw that have a great life fall. Okay, because you're small potatoes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. So in other words, this is going to be it. That's what I got today. Liz Wilde said this, your piece of crap and the podcast and all I said, your piece of shit. Who cares? Let's get more of the important stuff here. Let's hear from some people who need headges. If we had one person called in who admits that the eat this will this not? No. Somebody must be in it. And what's the story on these lines over here? These things work in there. What? Because that's all I need to find is that when the line goes, oh, no. Please tell me this isn't happening to me again. What do you tell me? That this isn't going to be going on again here today, because I feel like you're good. And what I have to do is just go for the... Oh, God. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Some day I'll come in here and everything will work for like a week straight. You believe that? No, no. Do I believe it? Of course not. Just a dream. Here's a mobile in Jupiter. Hello. Hey, good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Long time, I'm a listener, first time caller. Something's down on the headgees. Have you ever tried it? Yeah. Once. If something, uh, you want to try it only when you had a half a bottle of wild turkey. I would think so, yeah. Can you really know you got out? You could believe it on either one. So, quick comment. People that are always ripping you. You know, if the cheapest game in the town that you've got nothing positive to say, that's try to put everybody on the defense. I don't care. It doesn't make this slightest but a difference to me. These people all paranoid and old, I don't give a crap what he said. Okay. The serious real quick. You're talking about the H. Hello, are I? Yeah. And I'm sorry. I caught the K.L.M. of the program when I got in the car. So, I didn't hear the old story. Do you have something going on with your stomach? Yes. Can't they not be able to find out what it is? No. For a month now. Well, obviously, that's too long. You think long, up here? I just went through this with my wife. She got a real two diagnosed with a real rare form of stomach cancer. And that was like after five and a dosthenes and blah, blah, blah, blah. Really? Really? Using, yeah. The doctors at Cleveland Clinic and I can give your producer some specific names on the oncology people. Yeah. And they're super. I can't say enough to things about them. Well, how did they find it? Well, I being the doctors. Along in the short of it was back and odd if she was throwing up a lot of blood. And he obviously, reaction was that it was also related. Well, yeah, they did find the ulcer. That was at one hospital when Cleveland Clinic went back and did a second and a dosthenes, they found the cancer is called a mallum phoma, which is very rare. It's only, it's only really been talked about it for the last five years. And there's a pretty specific regimen required to take care of it in Related to H.B.L.R.I. because H.L.R.I. is only been relatively talked about in the last seven years because it was an Australian doctor. Yeah, so my, my, my H.P.L.R.I.T.S. was negative. Was that based on a biopsy? No. Based on stool samples. Sir. I've never heard of that. Well, I'm just telling you that. I don't want to do a whole medical bag noces here on a year because need to want to have a. Well, no. I don't have an explanation. I understand. But if you're interested, I wouldn't go to Cleveland Clinic with all the respect and let you had a go experience. I don't like Cleveland Clinic. I've never heard a couple of really bad experiences there. I have no confidence in them whatsoever. I have good doctors. It's just that they can't, they just trust their little slow. You can't find it. See, my, I know this is revolutionary, but my idea is when you have something lingering and they don't know what the level is. And especially when you don't have medical insurance, but you have hospitalization. Probably the smartest thing what I would do is put the person in a hospital for two or three days. Do all the tests in there while they're there. And then if they can't find anything out, okay, go ahead and have a great life. And if they do find something, you know, they deal with it in there. And whatever's going to be will be, you know what I'm saying? That would be more thing as opposed to dragging it out week after week after week. And drinking this kind of crap and that kind of crap and very of an animal is an X-rays and And that's could be that that's the way I would do it. But again, that's too simple. Yeah, yeah. Well, listen, that's the luck. You're going to show us your right. Thanks, James. Okay, 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Yeah, maybe a big 40 pound benign too. Like the guy said yesterday, it wouldn't be too bad. It was a quick 40 pound. Oh, yeah. Because who the hell wants it? Look in smell like Josh Friedman. Well, by the way, you were going to tell the story about Josh Friedman and somebody He said he was sitting in a chair. Well, I told him on the year already. You just hadn't heard it. Oh, about John Weeder. Reener. And his fancy Sunday go to meet and close and he's had this chair, the musical chair. The musical chair, the Josh Friedman had stuck up by just sitting his fat million and ruined the parapants as the end of the story. ruined the parapants because the chair was so foul and so invested. We sprayed him with fibries. You had the pants dry clean. They came back still smelling of funk. He had to burn them over the sacrificial altar. I bet they smell worse than head cheese. Oh, and back to know something. Josh Friedman. I would say it's about 500 pounds of walking head cheese. That's what he is. It just don't understand. Look at it. Look at it. It's got his name on it. Josh Friedman Jr. What it says. Here's a lady mobile and Palm Beach. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. I'm in the car on my way with my family to Disney World. I've been listening to you for 10 years. You're the best. Yes, I am. And let me tell you your best show ever. Yes. Was it tragedy? It was the day after the qualifying shooting. Yeah. But that was your number one best show. Okay. Okay. I work in a little bit with a lot of doctors and nurses and everybody loves you. Listen to you every day. Well, I'll say, love me. How come they can't find out what's going on? Well, I work because if you watch in the monitors, you know, making believe or watching people fart rates, not really supposed to be listening to the radio and calling it. Oh, and forget about their heart rates. Right. And forget about all those doctors. Stay away from the doctors. Okay. Okay. And one more thing. I listened to you every day from 10 to 2. But I do listen to Paul and Ron from 6 to 10. And they were not crashing you this morning. Someone called in and said that you stole their Gilligan's island. That's what started the talk. They really weren't saying anything about you. I still don't know what's all that. I don't even know what Gilligan's island is. The alien island. That's a book of ranting. You shouldn't get it from them. Oh, they. Well, that's what they said. Yeah. They stole it from them. And if I did steal it from them, which I did not. But if I did, I got a long way to catch up with the stuff that the material is still not a bit. So what? Okay. So one day when you're not there, will you replay that day after Call of I? No. Because the day. Why not? I don't know. You all wanted you as president of the United States today after that. You were. You made more sense than. Yeah. Thank you. Anybody heard his call. Okay. Have a great time. So we'd all. All right. Say how to alien. Okay. He'll be up there with grandma. I was taking a beat of this. I would be surprised to be there with grandma. No. Turn the car around. Say a five. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five six. Yeah. Grandma. They come under one. No. No. We don't know. They're on their way. They're on their way to JFK. Oh, here's a head cheesy either from McKay Coral. Hi. Hi. Yeah. Okay. We love your show over here. I grew up. I'm a. I grew up. I'm a. Yeah. It's kind of got a meaty flavor. We used to cook it up. You cook it up. You cook it up. And you make a kind of a sauce. I've eaten. Put them pancakes. Ha. I've got to stick out. I've got to stick out. I've got to stick out. It's. It's very, very good. Yeah. You don't look at it. Just taste it. Okay. That's what we're all that. That's what we say. Okay. I have a great day. I think most guys know what that tricks all about. Yeah. Don't look at it. Oh, God. That's a nice Ted. Just hold your nose. Man. Give me some good head. But no head cheese. Thank you. Although, of course, some of our friends in the Hispanic community can relate to the head cheese. 26 after 10, I just got to say that. Didn't I? Well, let's get over to give the time. Do much of a good time killer. Two A.M. Cover. It's the South Florida Gulf. It's the South Florida Gulf. It's the South Florida Gulf. It's the South Florida Gulf. It's the South Florida Gulf. It's the South Florida Gulf. It's the South Florida Gulf. A guy on the sports radio by 68. Right. Is.plore Day. You. Bao pen. My Dad not smell. I smoke. I see me and he had me up here. No thanks. When I was over day. Can't see you. Hi. The촉 Bzw Fu. Bye, daddy. Here. I see you smell. I'm the one. Please. It's not a pity I'm in pity I'm on the moon He beats the empty, he beats the matter home And just what I had in your mind He's up the end, oh, so so come around out So they're gonna let him go My dad's not the all-time He beats the empty, he beats the empty So he's up on the moon He beats the empty, he beats the empty He beats the empty, he beats the empty He beats the empty, he beats the empty You know, it's just the kind of thing that Kennedy knows You found out there's never too late to somebody's action jail Or at least accuse him of crime So the randies are sitting back with a smug smile And they're supposed to get too content if I was them It's all of my character, I don't even know they're in the Colorado 1031 is 560 WQA and 560 70560 560 on the AT&T wireless line We're talking kishki talk today Bores head, head cheese Richie from a bores head He's an asshole, et cetera Also in newsweek a class of symbols fighting over an old flag This is pretty interesting, which I'll get to in a second And I'll get all those Confederate flag squeezing assholes Better to shape again Because they don't have a leg to stand on History applies in your push All the computers with the facts States writes, here's my me lake, hello Hello Yes sir Yes, Neil I had a question Hello I'm listening sir Yeah, the problem is every time when people call you So you say these matters are possible But all the time you talk about hockey Who's mentioned hockey here today sir? You date What is it? You date in the past What about today? What do you want to talk about sir? I just want to know why you can't You don't have anything to say You have nothing to say See it's the Neil Rogers show Neil Rogers talks about what he wants to talk about That's what's called the Neil Rogers show How do you like that? Every time every single time somebody calls with a comment Like the one you just make It's the same thing when I asked them what they want to talk about You know what their response always is? They have absolutely nothing to say They're just looking to make a cheap shot That's all they're looking to do If you don't like what I talk about sir Why did you find some other guy damn showed a listen to huh? Why did you find something really entertaining Explain the listen to like the death march? Get out of my face with your hand By the way, what the banana boat did you get off of? Call him is coming to this country Call him a radio show and tell us what we should talk about I'll talk about whatever the frick I want to talk about You should admit head 560 560 Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line Hi Ali, hello Hey, Neil? Yes sir Alright, listen, I've been waiting 5 minutes You've got other people you talked to people before you talk to me But anyway You've been waiting 13 minutes in 36 seconds See how time flies when you have a listen You want to somebody that caught about head chief Yes, I know you've had some calls Anyway, I grew up in Queens, New York and People in New York don't eat head chiefs, please I eat head chief But I never had balls head I don't want balls head But in my mind, so forth here I've eaten head chief And I've enjoyed it very much Why is that? But does it just mean you eat anything that looks like that? Or it's delicious, I'll say And then, if for example you have a piece of Right-brain to put it on there But must it on top of me? Oh, I eat it But listen, I've eaten head chief I've eaten head chief I've eaten head chief I just want you to know And look better You don't have to eat head chief There's lots of other good things around Yeah, right So I just want to know you want to know about head chief So I just want to like follow Tell you about it I enjoy it My family enjoys it I'm sure I do But not everybody enjoys it But I just want to let you know There are some good head chiefs out there Better you than me, okay, thank you You're welcome I'm blessed you, okay, we'll pray for you 560, we've got 6500 open lines here This morning 560, 560, 560 On the AT&T Wireless Line Here's Pompano, hello Hello? Yes sir Yes sir Nick, Pompano Who'd say? Can't hear you Can you hear me? Yes, barely Can you hear me now? Yeah, yeah, he was talking in the phone It works Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah Okay, listen, head chief I think it's the worst What can you think you can imagine? I have a, I have an actually gorgeous wife Looks like she stepped that her phone She's a gentleman and she eats this crap And I see her eating it How can she eat that? You know what I think when I look at that? Thinking of a horse head and slicing it Yeah, exactly That's what it is Aarabble looking stuff Right, okay Jordan was telling me how they make it They take the things they put in the pot And they chop off the snout and the tongue off Don't tell me Exit, why I'm telling you It's one of those things you don't want to know There's terrible Although I will say this hot dogs They're always saying the same thing They make from all these Yeah, but at least they look good Yeah, that's true If you're going to put something on in your mouth It'd better look good Right Okay, number two Better look appetizing in here Listen, I've been down here 23 years There's two institutions that have consistently Maintain an incredible level of quality Yes, you're one of them Right, and the Raskin house is the other I know you hate the Raskin Oh, that's nice I'm getting the chills I'm breaking out of a cold sweat I'm getting the DT But it's true The head chiefs in a grass galose Yeah, it still just as barburc is You're 24 years ago Okay Okay I said to the other guy better you than me Okay, and don't put the pickles Don't put the pickles in your thing In your wallet It's kind of sloppy when you old bags You know they put the coastline to their shopping bag In their purse Hey, what do you think is making a little bit of hair in here And the Tojian 560560 Oh, he got 8 billion open lines here This morning these people are slower than goddamn alliances Here my life is hanging in the goddamn Balance my 8th Polarious Negative Go through all of this crap They make you go through all these excruciating tests As far as I'm concerned I want to result now Not after 55 doctors look at it And get around through this weektime And like George was saying before the show this morning Passed through the bureaucratic chain over there To make sure I sure nobody gets sued Because that's what they're all terrified I was getting the guy named Prakta's suit Especially in the hospital And then well, well, facts into the day See they don't want to tell you anything Now, how come when I was there and they brought that kid in for like, oh, it's a stat I don't know what does that stand for like emergency Oh, yeah Yeah, well, I can't do it now I got emergency Stat, I got a stat But I'll be right back with the environment It's which turned into the 35 minutes As I'm laying there with my eye, I'll be, look at that Look at the bird Oh, look at that look That looks like headchees on my vein there Look at, grow tests And if they bring somebody with a stat And they do a cat stat scan I guarantee that they have that result immediately Because otherwise they don't know what to do Right? Because I know they wield that poor kid up the ER I don't know what their little story was Or maybe they don't know up to watch ER Maybe that was what they said I don't know All that lingo they're using in the hospital Oh, it's a cold blue and it's a stat now We're watching ER and there's Mark as well How's he doing? He's dead And so will the patients because we're busy at listening to Neil I would just like to resolve Just give me the information if it's good If it's bad, if it's different if you don't know If you have bozo, just tell us something $8,440 for the guy dead Plus had a drink all that crap And drink a second cup of that swill with the apple juice in it And you know something it's a toss of between eating this headchees And drinking that swill again with that apple juice I can't begin to tell you In fact, I think they might have used some of those samples That sent over a couple weeks ago To mix with that apple juice It tasted like C'mon 560560 Pound 560 on the AT&T Wyrl's line more weighten on your man It's going to be a long way to die I don't care I just don't care I'm waiting for my backwired to do We had a call a hospital on the air Tell them that they were on the air and put them on the spot I got four big gigantic tumors Okay great I don't give a crap what it is I just would like to know You know what I'm saying? I would just like somebody to reach in there and pull out whatever this is that's annoying me And go on with life or stick me in a box or something So you can have some closure Closure, there you go Close the box Let's have some closure Let me have a nice nap and peace Funny 2-B-411 at 560 W-Q-N 3-0-560 Chewy and anybody have a heart or a liver No Just in right back in your hearing Tell them that the earth is comedy stuff I'm glad She took over a drop in God South of Florida's drug Yeah Same brand from the big tattoo man Who conquered their ironwoods home With three of the sights for a wealthy deal With the rest had to take the boat Or build a rap and blow it This spot you get inside Quickly get it up I can see the big debate of things And try the air force didn't show up They exploded into my ass They ended up being in the politicians in place Like they are feeling And swarrow as you know So I wore a roll And I wore a roll And I wore a roll And I had to take a hunt And a real thrill A real thrill A real thrill Since 44-560 W-Q-N We just spoke to the doctors My good friend, Kiri over there with Dr. Dick And did they have any answers yet? No, no. See maybe somebody who works like that lady I don't want her to call me back But I'm sure we have other people who work like in hospitals How come it is? I think that's a legitimate question Though you think somebody in on Stead on an emergency and they do a canned scan Or any of the procedure They have to resolve immediately But if you or your insurance company Is pan through the nose Or through the rectum Up the ass All kinds of good luck for the test While it takes a 24-36 hours And when we get around What happened through the bureaucratic system And what we're confident you're not going to see We're asked from out practice Then we'll fix it to your doctor Whenever he's in the mood Then he'll give it to you Not acceptable It's a bunch of balsamit Speaking of balsamit By the way, the week magazine says a class of symbols Fiting over an old flag a flag I know a lot of guys fight over old fangs But at any rate, this is an old flag The fire Sherman Starterman is torpsed towards the Asafoetterlana capital Bern still It says The fire Sherman Starterman is a high-attop building Which bears the scars of union artillery Files the Confederate battle flag The NAACP, which is launched in economic Boycott of the business community Want the colors taken down Arguing the emblem is offensive and bad for the bottom line And army of laws caused sedimentless Desfiting back, claiming the flag is a symbol of southern heritage But the truth about the colors is more complicated Than its defenders let on Since apaminatics, the battle flag was incorporated In the state flags are floated In the days of white resistance to black advances The standard was often raised not in memory of the war Then but in 8 of Jim Crow It started in Mississippi In the 1890s the state both legalized Segregation and incorporated the battle And the state flag in the 1890s That's about 25 years after the end of the civil war The battle colors then largely fell from public view until 1948 When the Dixie Crats broke with the Democratic Party Like Strom Therman As they Supreme Court handed down its integration decisions In the 1950s the battle flags came out in force In 1962 South Carolina raised the colors to commemorate The Centennial of the Civil War and they stayed up by percent Will they come down? It's up to the legislature But the battles drawing some blood in the GOP presidential field John McCain has had a tricky time with the issue He's got tricky times with all the issues Signaling that the flag could be offensive Then saying it was a symbol of heritage And finally settling on it was a symbol of sacrifice George W. has avoided the front lines as usual I'm giving you a question of states rights Smart for letting states go their own way Still what's starting all of this in the first place Good points what started all of this in the first place 560 5050 5060 on the 18T wireless line Here's Lake Worth. Hello Yes sir John Lake Worth Yes John How you doing? Okay I can get a chance to call in yesterday I wanted to make a couple comments You were looking for some answers to why the attendance at the panther's games So low And then the fact that I got almost no calls about it to be reflection There's no interest Ah no interest That too you know what? I was a really really shocked that after they had this Stanley Cup run And then they had those two abysmal years after that The attendance basically they still kept selling out Because they rode the wave of emotion after that Big front running thing for a couple of years And they were like well I think at the fans down here would have given it one I was completely shocked with all the bad trades And all the bone head moves that Murray made Yeah And after the first year the attendance would have dropped Big time for the second year but then happened So this year I think it's finally caught up with the people You had a woman yesterday who called up and you know she complained They've completely offended a lot of the season Take a hold is because when they changed the renails They're seats were I mean for what you're paying It wasn't worth it Okay so they not only did they offend that But the bug your missing is that they've got about 14,000 season tickets Something like that And you go to a lot of these games like the game the other night against Washington And maybe 10 or 11,000 people So even the people have already paid for the seats Or not aren't showing that but I don't get it Let me ask you how many unsolved season tickets are there for the year You know? 5500 That's season tickets Okay well that's those are probably all the people that got offended Oh they didn't want to pay the increase But you know what you're seeing more and more is Well wait a minute they didn't have them also about last year I mean they had I think close to 17,16,5 or something like that So maybe they were down to her 3000 from last year Okay Basically what you're seeing also is As far as conscious go like I know the Beijing's your favorite band Plain car rental center A lot of these performers And athletes alike is sports teams Charging a absorbent amount of price of A dollar to go and see them perform I mean you had several concerts over the new year's Eve This millennium new year's Eve Yeah that had to cancel I understand And that's because what does that what does that have to do with a sporting event Well I think finally everybody is just saying look Enough is enough we're not going to pay these price Okay well I just won't forget up any more than All right Well because I'm just tired of banging my head against the wall I do my best to keep you in the world It's very deflating when something is exciting And you enjoy it and you go out there and you feel like I'm going to go out there I know I'm going out the small dish because of you Yeah I said it home Well this is a dead head town anyway You know they didn't even know anything exciting If a bit of monolith No that's true Okay That's great We can hang in there you two Okay we got 400 open lines They're really hard to get today I don't care what lose wild So as well you can sit there with your point three A lot of density Is easy really You will need these 45. Nothing suits their fancy these days, man. It's been a yeah. It's been an okay week, but boy, it's been a real grind. We're grinding it. Here's Miami. Hello. And what is that? Why did that just turn black? Oh, no. Please, please tell me. This isn't happening to me again. Please. I'm actually turned to religion right here on the radio. You heard me reset the thing this morning. How bad. I'm not only that. We just got just got you talking to somebody. How to help in that happen. How can a connect line come up? Well, I asked somebody's using it in one of the other rooms there. Well, why don't you go take a look and see if some asshole is using it in the other room. How that line can be black and tell Bluff on about on the way out there. He's an asshole while you're at it. Okay. Hey, Bluff. He's an asshole. This is just unacceptable. Don't you people understand we're in a separate studio here with a phone system that doesn't work and the head cheese the big hunch show that yeah, yeah, the head cheese. That's right. And he looks like one is there somebody using it. Why, how is that possible? Let me put it around hold again and punch it up again. She is black. Paint it black. How about four. Look at that four line in New Southsworth. The whole phone system is screwed up now. How do you like that boys and girls. The whole goddamn boat system is screwed up again. Try a different one. Try a different one four and five or all screwed up. Eight is under with all like a blank green line. That's just normal. Hey, and I'll just make a comeback. How is this possibly? Oh, wait a minute. I made a comeback. I'm just going to let it go. Oh, you know, I'm just up to I'm doing the spots through this line. I'm going to do the whole rest of the show to this. I don't care if that's what it takes to get these two fastes off there. Why don't we have to wait till February for you know what this is like. It's like if the doctor said we're going to do open heart surgery and you said, wait. I'm on about two years. You know, it's an emergency. We're going to do open heart surgery. But we'll get around to in three or four years. That's the same with this goddamn phone system. Gregory, you just can't get it done in this freaking room. You can't get it done. You should have had. I just can't believe this man every day of my life. And if this wild or any other, I know it all on a year once though, why I see it here screaming in yelling because half the time to fool and ain't working anyway. I could have 50,000 people try to call this show and it got them like the work. Good. God Almighty is man to say. Now what he would say. Yeah. Yeah. I just for the life of me. I can't imagine other than the money of course. That must be the only reason you know that I haven't just got up and walked out of this place so far. We've been pretty damn close to a year in this studio up here on the third floor underlined in the third part and it's a piece of shmith. It's crap. Oh, Mark is done in your calendar. Oh, hold, hold. February 14. Why? Today is only the 20th of January. That was like days ago and he told me that. And I'll tell you why because these people can't get any goddamn credit to do anything. They're figuring by February and 14th. Maybe that other thing that we can't talk about will go through and there's a lot of some unsuspecting and suckers out there. That must be it. And by the way, is that construction project done up here on a third floor? No. We're getting to know those guys real well by the way. Our good buddies from Scotty Macca's every morning. They're coming up the elevator. They're here with their little lunch pay. They're all over the place. Good guys. They're doing their best. One ceiling tile at a time. This place is the most scandal written unbelievable joy. I have ever even heard of in my life. Even the godfather being embarrassed by this place. Even Mayor Pingu Pecania would be outshone by this place. That's not embarrassed. And we just continue rolling along and here's all. Get the spots in. Get all the spots on, you know. They just screwed over the sales department again for the young team time. Raising the budgets on the poor people. And of course, they lowered the budgets on the sports on the ball games. Because they realize that they can't sell that stuff for a lover money except the dolphin. The Marlins, for example, the Panthers, they can't sell it for their lives. So they raised the budgets on each shows and the poor sales bastard, they had a lower their commission. So now they got to sell half a gun or twice as much to make the same money they were making before they ever get it. If they don't make that, you're improved budget. Yeah, right. If they don't make the new and improved and the unrealistic. How could they squeeze any more money out of the worst team initial and hang show? How can they, unless we're going to be doing all spots radio is that possible? Probably. So if you enjoyed the little respite from the eight billion spots, just over the holidays here, don't hold your breath to that to go on. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Good morning Neil. Yes, sir. Are you talking about headchees and when I was a kid when I was a kid, my mother used to cut it up and put it in beans and Franks. Oh, you just eat it that way. Why? And then she melted and put it on the liver and I speed it to the dog, even the dog would need it. I don't blame him. I got news for him. My dogs would run. If I took this thing home, they would run and hide under the goddamn sofa. I want to put my kids to that never. Yeah. About the phone system, how many times do you have to flush it before it goes away? Exactly. You can get up on the roof there and yell and maybe we'll hear you and I will just yell back. I'll get a microphone. Okay, pal. Yeah. Just get to the point where where is your ass out? That's what it does, Greg, and bluffing all your other losers in this doing. It just wears your ass out. We can't do a goddamn show in here. Because half of the time, more than half, 60% at least of the time, it's a polish myth. A phone, even Alexander Graham Bell would be embarrassed by coming in here looking around saying, Jesus, Christ, this is the best you can do. Are you big shots over there in Naples? Are you big shooters? Yeah, they ought to be shot in a leg at least. And that was something special. That was said, and we got a shot. We could be special. That was something really special and different. Plus the beeping is still going to go not be shot. Is this place a circus or what? Oh man. We got a fax machine here back here. I won't stop beeping. The paper is in there. The faxers are coming out. The ink is okay. Everything is fine. But it just decided to start beeping all over the guy's in place. I think I'm going to take the phone off just until here the intercom stuff too. Greg, we need top 30, 40, do a Greg. Yeah, let's get to water them out to you on the air. See how, see that pleasant voice on there. So they get a little better idea of the ambiance of this joint. Man. Like I said, put me in the hospital for about a month and just give me out of here. Just keep the checks coming. Set them direct the positive. 1056 at 5.60 WQA. 2AM drops the green flag with motorsport Saturday Saturday morning at 6. With chokeestello right here. On sports radio 5.60. 2AM. WQAM. My head is going to water down. Give me a dandy. Give me a dandy. Give me a dandy. Give me a dandy. Give me a dandy. Give me a dandy. Give me a dandy. Give me a dandy. Give me a dandy. Give me a dandy. Give me a dandy. Give me a dandy. It's my understanding. I want to use. Tellers said, Jim, Jim, Jim, a Jenny and Jimmy. What's it, you? No. Nobody in this room said, Jimmy, twenty день.ixed. Jim start drinking. asking. Jimmy. Jimmy. Jimmy. Jimmy. Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy! Jimmy! You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. You're a good man. Everybody comes out. Well, we're going to do now. We're going to set our program director on fire and offer him up a sacrifice for God of sports. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. We're going back to the day of sports radio. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. God of the power. These all got to the guy named radio turned up like a schmuck. Here's Del Ray Beach, hello. Hey. Yes, sir. The reason nobody's going to the Panthers game because the Murray Brothers take traded away the damn team. Oh, really? Yeah. No, I hate to break those two. I hate to break it. The news to you, sir, the team we got now is to have a lot better than anybody else we traded. They made some bad. So what? So what my ass, okay? More on. So we'll get a guy named book and maybe somebody will teach you that'll read you the names that you can learn who the players are. They traded away the team. What an idiot. And believe me, he's got plenty of company down here. They made lots of mistakes and when they made the mistakes, I was the first one to tell you whether they liked it or not. They didn't like it too bad. And when they did good jobs and made great deals like Pavelle Burrie and Todd Simpson and the Lance Pitlick, they've done great deals this year. Nice caught Airbnb. He wound up with an extra life there and he took advantage of it. And even TM, I got to say good things for him. You know, when you do bad things, not be the first one to tell you. And if you do good things, not be the first one to credit you for it. If done a great job, they'd go to hell of a guy damn good team. So you don't know who they are. Well, that's who's fall is that? Is it the Murray Brothers Fall that the fans are so stupid? They can't learn the names that are players? That's just he's spacecack. I know it's name. God, that was brilliant. Here's Miami Beach. Hello. Hey. Yes, sir. New God. Yes, I am. I think I saw Eleon's grandmothers on the highway today. They're doing about 35 an hour from our southbound on the Palmezzo. And like every other. They're like your glove. They'll be up there in hell in the air. Oh, any second now. Like every other big huge Cuban woman in this town, they're about to go get the hair frizzed out and died. Come up, not just orange color. Right. But I got to something else. What head cheese? Yeah. You know the guy has to talk hot dogs. I think there's a real hot correlation between people who eat head cheese and enjoy all effects. Yeah. Any chance of that? No, I don't know. I enjoy all sorts, but I don't eat head cheese. So like I said, good head, no problem. Head cheese. Oh, thanks. 560, 750, 565, 550, so and I think he's beeping back there. Why would we just get a hatchet? Okay. Why would we get a hatchet? And just start to turn stuff up in this place. Maybe that might wake these back to the top all the way down it. Yeah, probably good way to get suspended. So I have irritable bowel. Let's let's hear a lot about irritable bowel. So this ought to be good, huh? Good way to go in your weekend. We heard about the Bury and Enemies. We heard about all the other the cat with squeezing that stuff in your rectum holding your cheeks together and then scored scored, scored, and the Bury and two. Now we can do it here. And this is the better than the goddamn doctor show, huh? Each or hard out cast in over. He loaded this show. Okay, don't kid yourself for a second. He idolizes me. Make no mistake about that. And that the omelette. I think that what that's what gives you real bad bowel sense omelette. Although I do like a good omelette every now and then. Well, he don't look that good anymore. He used to look real good. Still a good guy though. Yeah, I like omelette. He's good. But what about your buddy, what's his name? Young wrong. Never met him. I'll never forget today that you said that. And all the time that I've known you, I've never heard you say anything so in vain as in, what's wrong with young Ron? Did you just, sorry, can we just and you can sell barcass? No, it was not. Of course it was. It was, I never met the man on those days of liar. That's the one thing I know about him. Is that he's a clean on an alyer? 10 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQM. Wow. The panthers take on the pressures in its weather tonight. Join the new boys with the Panthers. Chitchment done. Not for the point hit the! A redamolar for the action. Panthers previews starts at 7. Here on Sports Radio 5. 60 QA. Yeah. And say cheese. Pipe, wipe, wipe. There's no mind, you're up and there's mind, no solo shut. The pan to push. The world of the two winters. The third ride. They fly. Not good back then, the blow. Your men's love good deer. Almost as much as they love smooth blonde area in boys. And sense the blow is the only deer brood with slow roasting june. All the way, I'm right! That's the ground deer. We've got to die, darn thee. So anyway, definitely just from here. And he said, uh, long and just did us. It's 11.15 at 5.60 WQM. Rolling keeps Collins from getting bail. How do you like that? I just thought I would mention that. And after that, I want to be a trouble maker. You understand that. A month long stint in the Brown County Jell is about to get longer. For dolphins running back Cecil Collins. Collins are mainly jail without bond while he faces burglary charges. He's and, uh, Jim Lewis, the couple's attorney on Thursday accused that offensive and the apartment complex management of knowing about and covering up a July 18 allegation that Collins exposed himself to another resident in the complex. Oh my God. Which we mentioned a couple of weeks ago. Collins was never charged in that allegation. Lewis said he's considering filing a civil liability suit against the complex. And the football team, they got the bucks to Wayne's hands. Okay, that's going to Jim. In corporate seating stairs, they judge Chief Judge Dale Ross refused to set aside next edition waiver that would have made Collins eligible for bond and bail. The judge said, no. Collins attorney Fred Hadada asked Ross to rule invalid the waiver for extradition papers. Collins had signed his part of his probation in Louisiana. And then of course, Collins tried to say, oh, I signed it, but I didn't know what it meant. But the bad news for him was that the broad from Louisiana was here. Jerry Gare and the probation officer and she said, she's slained to him and he knew what it was inside and he's full of crap. How do you like that? According to court documents, palm trace landing apartments of 6351 palm trace landings and they can receive numerous complaints around September 11th from other residents concerning Collins and decent and inappropriate behavior at the pool and the apartment complex. Maybe he was just ering it out. You know, if you're going to dip your work, they've got to er it out every now and then. Luzzy, Losey, whatever it is, the attorneys they miss it and court papers, College, anyway, teen that palm trace landings management weren't column to this continue in decent and inappropriate behavior at the pool. A apartment person, I'll refer to a comment on the allegations too. But the company's money lawyer, Howard Bryanstein, Brownstein, whatever his name was. And it goes on and on and on. But anybody who would try to cover this guy's tracks now is trading on real real. Yeah, I didn't talk about this getting on real thin. That was nice. Thank. I mean, you know, Hank is great, but he's just every now and then. I just like I am, rather occasionally full of a crap and I miss one of his full of crap. So, our full question is, would you either play crap to be full of crap or do you have IBS? That's our question. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, about the Hitchies field. I think I'm doing my Miami DTH cheese. Yeah. Yeah, it's not good. We had one of the guy from higher. Lia. Losey, yeah, we'll probably expect that. Yeah, well, you know, you got to kind of like enjoy eating aspect kind of products. Yeah, the problem with the Hitchies is if you get it from certain places, they kind of contain like pieces of cartilage in it and it takes away the flavor. If I get it from the wrong place, I understand it actually. I had a little foreskin in it too, if you get the Hitchies on it. Yeah, right. Well, me. Don't get it from Windyxie. Okay. Hey, I want to call Sandy and Kendall and Ellen. Okay. 560, how come I don't want to start trouble now? But how come lie 9 is flashing green here? Is there some reason for that? West Palm Beach, hello. What's IPS? What is it? Yeah, I don't understand it. What is the IPS? Yeah. That's like a, let's talk IG, it's a new food market. Oh, it is. It's a terrible bowel function. I'm worried about being labeled a racist button. Oh, this, this is the guy again with the states rights crap again. Every day, day after day, any answer is long. I'm not worried about being labeled anything. Okay, but I got enough labels to hand. I can deal with it. 560, 50560, pound five and you're boring man. You're really terminally boring. 560, 50560 and pound five 60. On the ATT doesn't frankly realize that we're on the year. Do we want to show now? He's talking to me with George's middle of the show. What's he talking to me with? Trying to get about. Next spot. Yeah. But aren't we on a year now? Do we want to show? Yeah, well. Because the last guy that I did that, he's not here anymore. Where are we going? Just a joke, Frank. Look at that. Look at him running for the door. Just want to see how nervous he would get. Real nervous. I think John Pena's must have known something. Here is my, Amy. Hello. Hello, me. Yes. Hey, listen, that aeroboss syndrome. Uh, going to be caused by dairy products? I don't know. Why are you, are you asking or telling? I'm asking. I don't know because you get a lot of a lecture, right? Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. Five six out of no five 60 pound five 60 out of the ATT and T where I was lying. It never has to be in the Lachie Queen. Tell him to get his ass out of here while we're in the middle of the show. Okay. Tell him to get his stupid ass out of here while we're in the middle of the show. Here's Carl Spring. Hello. Amy. Yes sir, I can go into the pond here. Can't hear you. My condo and says the pond here in your here to bulls. Why is that? Why? Sure, it's how beats the alternative. Beats the cancer of the liver or pancreas or of the Splene or bladder or whatever? May your bowel be cleared shortly. What do you know what it is? Um, no. Oh, well, I mean, how can we can't hear from anybody that? Because a lot of people have it. It's a very common thing. I have heard of it, but for the end. Even in fact, my doctor, Dr. Dick just called to tell me the news. He said, I know a lot about it. Because I've got it. Is what he said. Exactly. That's what I told him. Did you happen to see a million air last night? I saw like a little bit of it. It's I've just not, I'm not into it. Did you see the guy who missed the first question? No, the first question. I tuned the one readjust was saying we just had three bulls. Those in a row who looked like a guy. It was like, I can't you just imagine the thrill of victim, the agony of the feed. I mean, that was just, and you're right. He did have the three biggest bull. You really thought it was a stupidity. I thought the first guy was a dumb as a guy because one of his questions was, which of the following happens does not have a brim and one of them will scull cap. Yeah. That was the obvious. But he had to live in Miami with an owner. Because he would have seen that spencer, I got there with his mother every day in the news. So he would have known it. Well, you have the, you have that ass, the audience. And I, you know, 100% of the audience said scull cap is right. You readjust like you didn't go to the, no, that's bad. If you don't know that, you ought to just leave gracefully. You ended up blowing out of there because you didn't know what, what country we bought caught in the 1980 Olympic. He said in Munich. So instead of Moscow, so he was gone. And I said, yeah, well, wait, wait a minute, is Munich a country? Well, what, what, what? Oh, it says, I'm still, that's true. I didn't even think about it. Yeah. But then the next kid, I mean, the kid from Massachusetts and he, you know, he was all excited. Of course, you're up there. Just imagine the rush. You're up on the hot seat. Yeah. And the question is like, what did Jack Horner pull from the pie in the nursery rhyme? Back to him. And he said black bird. Five, five black bird and five I can test it. And like I said, I'm glad I missed it. Thanks. I don't really want to replay the whole of a million-ish or hear video. Okay, like I said, I watched it if there's nothing else on it. Believe me, I'm already worn out with a really worn out. And that's my final answer. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T wireless line. The best was what, what, let's see. It was on Tuesday and how they get the guy in a phone, whoever the person is going to ask for help. And they have monophone all the time waiting. And they know what it's all about because they're on the hold. And then they stop the tape and they go back and try to put on this phone or anything. And we just get on it. Hello, is this Jim Davis? Oh, hi, we just, and we just, this give the deadpan. Like, oh, I guess so you were expecting me here for me. Kind of screwed it up there, Jim. Okay. Don't do it again. All right. Here's a mobile and Davy. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, about your lower disorder and a problem like that for a few years. I was like, well, all the tests, finally we go over to see you. I was getting some shots and the doctors said, order these pills if you get this lower problem. Yeah. So I have a CIPRO CIPRO. I've got that at home. I've got everything at home. I got like a whole pharmacy at home. Oh, you tried to find a way. No, I haven't tried it for this. Let me tell you, I had problems for many years. We stopped, stopped and cold and two days. Stop did cold. Stop it. I'll be back then. I just went through overseas again. And that took me CIPRO pills with me because it's like, it's in the lower abdomen. Also, it's like, you have these pains and cramps. Right. Here's come your eyes. Right. I took one of these pills. Here's only come to mind when I come in here in the phone don't work. Well, I understand that through it. Try that pill CIPRO. I got it. I got it at home. I got a whole bunch of it. I have to see what an expired need of it. If it's not more than 20 years old, I'll try it. I'll try it. I guarantee it's going to work. Okay. I just got through trying it again after a couple of years. We're like, I'll take the whole bottle. I can misery with it. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I mean, it's just annoying. It's like it feels like you're, it actually feels like you're wearing a girdle. You know what I'm saying? Like your body is too tight for your skin and it wants to like your organs are trying to push out. Ever feel like your organ was trying to push its way out. Oh yeah, I've had that feeling. Not lately, but at any rate. Seriously, that's what it feels like. Like you got a girdle on and your body is like trying to push out because you got in. And then it moves around and it's here and it's there and it's just, and then some days it's like pretty much gone. You think, okay. And then you need some crap and it comes back. No more food in here like for the next month till the end of February. Till the way till like 24th anniversary March 1. No more food in here. You're on your own. All your people that want to use this is a goddamn downer here. Good bye. We're taking a hiatus. Here's Boca. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing Neil? Great. I'm kind of speeding here. I wanted to just ask you your opinion. I just got off the road. Okay. Yes. Two ladies almost killed me. Cut our right ahead of me. Yeah. And I go to the store. It's like night of the living death. These people are walking around there. Why are these old people so miserable? They're just waiting to die. Why are they all alone? That's right. All of you, Bob. I never see them smile. It's just killing me. Yeah. Yeah. Something is funny. You're messing that. Because everywhere outside go, you know, when I go in these trips like Vegas, it's around over Amsterdam. Everywhere outside go. Most of the people are happy and are smiling. They're friendly and good morning when you get on the elevator. And here, everybody looks like ready to blow their brains out or yours or both. You know, they're very depressed. Look at them. They look like, you know, they're dog just died. Great. Like somebody just had diarrhea on their floor. Maybe it was them. I think that's the reason for the sucks. I mean, the weather's great. These people bring this bad attitude. You heard me saying that before, there's nothing wrong with Florida. That'll hold a bunch of your few million new people wouldn't help. I didn't notice it's time we're back from California. Yeah. It's all around. And one of them. Let's send them all the aliens Island. That might solve it. Love it. Why can't we get to out their drivers license test to be harder? Could you show them a vote? Yes. Because it's the gate of a great Panthers. Have a great day, pal. Move back to California. Move back to Sun City. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, five, sixty on the AT&T line. So Neil's not so bad. You don't have no big like tumor and the horrible thing like that. Well, that's pleasant to know. It's a pleasing thing to know that I got IBM. I'm having a party of like that. I'm ecstatic because of all the things that it might possibly have been. That's probably about the best. Right? And you don't even know what the hell it is. This is five, sixty. You play out. The depot, Sony's sports showdown. Are you up to the challenge? Saturday morning, today. Only on sports radio, five, sixty, two, eight. The criminalized pot in Florida. This guy had a bomb. And took a hit then woody. Yeah, collect cheetah and charm. And get some munchies and make brownies filled with half. And woody share it with Jesus and the same. So, five, five heads and yeah. Yeah, party is great. Yeah, party is good. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. What is God's most generous? Look at God's life, Lord of God. Give me high on your back of the fire. Just give me the most of your soul. On a great handful to roll. To get some back in over all. Touch up all time back to day cold. Yeah. No, no, no, no. I just turned that. It's okay. You can get medical marijuana for IBS. Yeah, that's why I just said Fred Grimm's got a great come. They were going to get into a little while outstanding. What are your best ever for at night's going? Are you in a hereholder or some surprise they printed it? Must have sneak by. Here's North. And it's still a good one here. 560, 5060, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's my me sure as hello. Neil, God. Yes sir. Just want to tell you what the pan there's right. I don't know what that guy was thinking, but we got the best team we've had in the long time. This is the best team that ever had. There's no there's no contest. This is the best team they ever had. I think we got it. They went to the really final. They didn't have a great team. They just got hot at the right time and they had good chemistry, but they didn't have a great team. And it's true in top points. I think we got a real shot. We got a shot. Yeah. I think they could go all the way. We got this with you. I got a good tree line for you. But about the pigs, the cops on 119. I saw they drank my grease. I saw Metro do it please. All right. By the way, how does that hooker ring coming down there? 560, 5050, 50, pound five 60 on the AT. We don't know the names because we're stupid. We can't learn like a Yaris loves spot check. We don't know that language. We don't know who those people are and they are. What a shh. Muck back I was. And you know what you watch and see if they are making it through the first run in the playoffs, which they probably will start getting a, you know, toward another Stanley Cup run. Then you'll start seeing all these people come out of the water work. We live your path there and the banners are come out again. Like I said yesterday. All the front running ponies, which is especially of this time. It's the specialty do you or of this town being a front running phony. Well, our team sucks. Who can we move for now, Neil? Here's all right. Beach all. I know how are you. Okay. Hey, I took in the Panther game on Monday, Mark Luther King day had a good time. So I'll beat the flyers. Right. No, they were without lendrails, but it's still good. Okay. It's still counts. It was an entertaining game. I'll try to get down there as often as I can. Good. What are these amazing thing called programs, which if you don't know the names of all the players, you buy a program for a couple of bucks and there's everything and there you need to know. Great concept. Right. What I wanted to touch on, this case involving the FBI agent. This is going the wrong way on the state 95. But what that ought to be your friend, you like that you're right. Exactly. I mean, it looks pretty obvious that he was at fault. He was drunk as hell. Right. Ran right into him. He blew up 0.7. Yeah, 0.17. Point like I said, he blew a point 99. Okay. Same thing. I don't know. I'm just kind of disturbed about something. Worst case scenario. Let's say this case gets boxed up. Yeah. And he's cleared. Right. If better not. We're going to have one hell of a riot down here similar to the Rodney King thing. No, no we're not. You don't think? No. You don't think it would turn into something like that. I hope not. I mean, I would hope not. We don't need any more riots. But I don't know. It's just something I thought of as a reading article in the paper. You know, somehow this guy gets off and it's not going to be a good place to be around. No, I don't think so. No, I have a great week. And back to you. Let's not hope for the worst. Okay. Let's cross our fingers and hope for the best even though it's unlikely to happen. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Point. Are we getting anybody with IBS any information about that? We are. Oh, information. Oh, off the air. You didn't want information. Did you? People calling up a couple of my own holes saying, what? I got it too. And. And hold on. Talk to you. Here's a mobile and dear field beach, hello. Yeah. Neo. I'll listen to that line for again. How you doing? Okay. I've had wonderful IBS for eight to half years. Really? Yeah. I tell you my opinion on a man is, his body is telling you that what you're eating fresh. Right. That's how I blow down to his. And if I'm there, I'm going to stick in with a lot of the brain. That's the most valid. Yeah. A lot of that stuff. Does that help? It helps a lot. But I'll tell you something that's better than anything. It's helpful for. I don't have a drink with stuff. It's kind of called brain flaws. They're kind of like 30 or 40. One doctor has a third of your 40 brain plans to block that out. What was it called? Because your phone is crap and out here. Yeah, it's called brain. That's it. Green one. Green magnet. Magnum. Yes. Okay. I'm going to get a magnet up right now. I'm sorry I had to go. Our phone is screwed up. Definitely. In fact, you just watch. Line four. You'll see. Listen. Listen to that. Listen to that hum job online. Our phone is totally screwed up again. You know, I'm getting really, really. It's getting really stale and old. Monday, I'm bringing in a guy named Hammer and sickle in a hatchet. And OG's going to come here and just slice that phone to bits. Maybe a Roy. Good. Bring him in. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pomp five. So what do you say drink green. Mung? Does that what he said? Green tea. Green tea. We're just going to go take a green tea. I think it's what he said. Words court. Did you have a bunch more test? Here's a 10 book pie in. Hello. Hey, what's your take on Michael Jordan? I don't have no take. What's your take? Take a good crap. Okay, pal. What's your take? Call one of the dumb sports show. He'll give you a take. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pomp five, 60 on the 18, T.I. And his mobile was Pomp B. Hello. He knew a good morning. Yes, sure. Okay. I was diagnosed with diver-piculitis about 50 years ago. Yes. And along with that comes your herbal bowel syndrome. Do you know what do you have diver-piculitis? No, I don't have them. I mother has that as a matter of fact. Okay. I found a theoretical bowel in the diver-piculitis that diet to me didn't make a heck of a lot of research. Yeah. Well, what should I do? We still have a lot of rough-y. Yeah. And the other thing is with negative scammers and stress. Stress. I think this stress from this place is putting me over the age. I think I need a couple of months off. You're right. That's what it's like. It's a stuffy gets your testosterone. Because when I was out in Vegas, I felt pretty damn good. I was having a good time. I was busy. I was very stressful because you're running around gambling. But I didn't have that much of the stuff going on. And by the time I got back, I felt great. I was coming here for a few days and I would write back where I was again. I'm down over here. Why are I here? Right. What I found for the years is that for me, value works preventive. No, I'll pass on that. Well, hang on a sec. Yeah. For 30 years, I describe value for a lot of stuff. No, I'm not pill pusher. I'm not doing value. Well, okay. It's just help me tremendously. I don't take it all the time. Right. But I'm stressed. I'll take half a tablet for maybe a couple days. Right. It just does wonders. So, with what are we find good luck, this is a good way. It's for 50 years. I've suffered from it. For how long? I'm 71 years old. About 55. Oh, my God. For a lot of years, it just doesn't bother me at all. So there is some hope. Yeah. Don't get pissed off. I'll let it be. Okay. Thanks a lot, Bell. One more. Yes, sir. What are your customers? What are your customers? We're going to say about us old guys that never smile. Well, man, I smile and lamp and joker lot. I see a lot of young people that they don't even like why you're young or so. They'll do those for Christmas. Exactly. I don't have a great way to open up. Oh, yeah. I don't have a great way to open up. Oh, yeah. I don't have a great way to open up. I said that even the young people out there most of them are so. Because when you move here. It works the lotion in the basket 20 till noon at 5.50 3.2 a.m. This is 5.60 2 a.m. That's their hotty dolphins. But by lunch baseball and now the Miami Hurricanes. My heavy hurricanes too, sports radio 560 QAM. I didn't go late, my baby. On the football, they have been here. They spoke of keeping their grounds. They got the second move on, and the y'all's is fine. I didn't think they were going to be in the fall of the ground. They were going to be in the middle of the building. And kids have turned on the tune. You say all is well, or you don't do hell, it's all up to technically open. I keep the bag of hands and fingers and all that are brown. So, we've been for the off-road ground. The unit NFL drive. Did you never hear the channel sound like? You're gonna be in the air, every sports wedding shot. They're gonna be in the crib and all they see is that. That if you can catch the ball, or run with the ball, then race a murder, they own a ride. As long as they can, it's the bleacher. It's still out, someday's game. Well, guys, you can smell the coffee, they'll make a money. They'll earn this like you can't wait. You can't hear the sound, they can't stand on the ground. They'll earn this for the off-road ground. They can get in a man's laptop. There's the jail cell line. They can get in a man's laptop. They can get in a man's laptop. Level 45 at 5.60W, Kuma got a hanky in the studio again. Here, today we got the boaster at 6.7. We got the Panthers at Atlanta, against the girls team. Pre-gave at 7 game time 7.30, 80K after the game tonight. Here is one of the great columns in the history of the human life. By Fred Grimmin, his morning's arrow, he says, it doesn't get any crazier than this. Here is the epitome. Here's the top, or what is it was all about in Dave County. He says, the real target must have been Ricky Martin. The purported object of our rejection, the first ever Latin Grammys was to build a caster, but that's beyond logic. Even the most perfect human exiled wouldn't inflict a $35 million loss on top for such empty symbolism. It had to be something beyond self-destructive, anti-castrofinaticism. It must have been some visceral reaction to yet another course of Martin's incestant, La Vita, La Piga, La Loka. Tasting the Latin Grammys awards to Los Angeles has certainly ensured that Martin and other Latin stars will be in California for the big yellow weekend, taking all that glamour, all that money, all that free international TV exposure with them. The injury inflicted on Padell Castro, meanwhile, seems subtle. It didn't mean a thing to Padell insisted Fatnicky Grossman, the president of the Great Fort Lauderdale visitor and the convention bureau. Anyway, Grossman was more openly perturbed than Castro. She insisted Thursday that Broward County had all but salvaged the awards ceremony that Miami dated rejected that the big party was set for the Broward Convention Center, and the awards ceremony was headed to the Yentus Center, while a final party was going to Miami Beach. All set, we were there, Grossman said. Except, Miami-Dade Mayor, Alex Pingo, Picanhia and others refused even a lot of cooperation. Miami-Dade County, which is the cliché, goes conductive zone for in policy. So what have we heard that? Fred, he loved this show. Mines of County ordinance, which forbids County business with any Cuban entity. The extrapolation and work here was that the Latin Grammys include the possibility that a Cuban artist might be among the honored. Oh, everyone, almost everyone agrees that the Latin Grammys belong in South Florida, particularly Miami Beach, the capital of Latin recording industry, originally the Grammys wanted the new American Airlines Arena with its dramatic waterside visitors, but the county next then. Grossman and Miami Beach Mayor, Nizan Kazan still thought they could pull off. I put in the big event in Broward, which observed a less intrusive foreign policy. It was ours to lose Kazan said, we were the front runner. But not a word of assurance their cooperation came out of Dade County. Then came the Ilion protest, the blocked roadways presented a specter of bad expectations for the Latin Academy of Arts and Sciences, nobody wants to buy that kind of trouble, Sid Grossman, who saw six months of work vanished in the street protests. When the announcement came Wednesday, LA by default, just imagine LA is the nicer place. Grammy executives hardly disguised it as scuttled mimeys in the air. Okay. Okay. Thank you, though. You were helping? Sidney with both, what was that? One, eight is pressed. Did you hit it with your elbow, maybe? I must have big elbows, how to help it. I can turn it on from in here. Yeah. Now it's just spontaneously, now the phone is going on by itself. I'm sitting here with this thing in my hand in an article too. Not even when you're the guy damn full. And all of a sudden, left here that one more time, come on for the rest of the day. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, no. Oh. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Look how other you know, you get die like that. That was beautiful. Get that needle all the way up to 100. Anyway, this was a pretty good article. I was reading, I got interrupted by a goddamn line that popped on by itself. It says, when the announcement came wins, the LA by default, Grammy executive is hardly described that a scuss with Miami's in temperate politics. They didn't fan the usual gushy stuff about the difficulty of their decision. Instead, Michael Green, president of the academy, talked of how South Florida was held hostage by the exile community. Have we heard that before? Uh-huh. That it's much more important to keep the politics of hatred and division flourishing because it's big business. I'm Thursday associated press and the agency you're a France press, what are all agents, France, whatever the hell is. Some of them, both ran stories that mentioned Los Angeles is the winner, but I would remind myself this drug of obstinacy. Both wire services overlook the only angle that made much sense. The Ricky Martin angle. We must have been Ricky done. Don't you think? Yeah. So how do you like that? One more example of how you crazy are so-called exiles, you crazy in consumer root of not just disgusting asshole. Continue punishing the entire community for your hysteria and we're sick and tired of it. All of the sick and tired of this guy that informed it don't work. Here's for my ears, hello. All right, you all you doing? Okay, sir. This Terrain Ford Myers and a Pist. About all this crap about this little refugee. The people in this state in this country ought to wake up and take a look around at our own problems. And the media keeps playing this up and playing this up. Why aren't they doing stories about the homeless children in this country? Right, day to day of our education system. Right, kids getting shot in the schools, right? There, but he cares a lot more. It just makes me want to pew way. They ought to, they ought to, uh, neuter and castrate half of people of child-bearing Asian this country. Amen. Forced sterilization, now you're talking since back. These people have children and they don't want children. As soon as they have them, the mother's back into their work so they can drive a nice car. Yeah. You know, they don't care about their kids. He's back out there, right? Whether a night job. That's right. You know, when I got a nine year old son when he was born, before he was born, we decided my wife would quit her job, which was a good job. And we, you know, we drive a old car for a while and live in a crappy place, you know. But you know what? We raised our own son and he's a good kid now. You talk to these people that work all the time and they say, oh my kid is such a problem. Well, you know, raise your own damn kids, quit letting strangers do that day care. Yeah, amen. You know, it just makes me sick, you know. How pray for us, pal? Yeah, we need it. Have a great weekend. Here's a guy to make some sense of what Aaron for. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pomp, five, sixty on the AT&T line. Somebody facks his me this about IBS. It's about time. Somebody came up with some information. God damn it. I'll easily, the information we get is, uh, volgement. It says, here's your prescription for change. If you have irritable bowel syndrome or one of the other functions, gastrointestinal disorders, the functional, whatever. Or suspected you might, then this book is for you. Oh, I see it's a book. It's called irritable bowel, a bowel system and, uh, the mind body. Rain gut connection by WGMB Salt, MD. Is he worth his salt? Uh-huh. Good. It's an irritable bowel syndrome is a major public health topic and we see as much media attention in newspapers. Magazine's radio and TV and I got in the arugger show too now. Many people recognize the acronym IBS in terms like spastic colon spastic colitis, mucus colitis, and nervous stomach. Absolutely correct. Sorry. You'll be hearing more and more about this common and troublesome condition as well as other functional GI disorders. How do you like that? This means that after performing blood test, taking x-rays and examining that I just attracted and the scopes doctors can't find a cause. You heard this? Is this sound awfully familiar? Uh-huh. After all these goddamn expensive tests, it says there are 25 of these disorders and many people have more than one. Symptoms can come from nearly all parts of the GI track. So, find yourself a good GI and stay home this weekend. All right. Just don't ask and don't. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. You know, yes, sir. I do want to take on IBS, so I'm not tired of for about three years. Three years, boy. You can do, I'm on something called Leved It. I don't know if you can do it. That's what my doctor gave me. I got some of that at home. He said, pop that under your tongue and you'll feel a lot better. I mean, basically what it comes down is when your body is not processing fast enough or doing it too fast. My doctor explained, and that's what causes the pain and the lower abdomen and one. So, however, you should be in France. I say away from a lot of grains and nuts. He said that'll, um, you know, you're doing nuts while driving nuts. I'm not sure if I send you away. That's what I discovered. But definitely a lot better than getting for, you know, cancer or something like that. I'm a static. I mean, this is something that at least you can live with and you can improve and do something to it for. But, you know, pack the cancer or one of those goodies. It's like, bye bye. No, I flew. I mean, this is something I think it's never going to go away, but you can control it with prescription. Well, how are you doing? You know, I'm doing 100% better. I mean, I don't, I'm off the drugs and I've had very little flare ups and that. Okay. So, in other words, the diet is what didn't for me. Definitely the diet and I think the Leved did help down quite a bit. Great. Excellent. Thanks a lot, Paul. Appreciate it. There we go. There's a guy that sounded like he knew what he was talking about because, you know, why? Because he knew what he was talking about. Because he's had it. He's done it. He's done it. He's doing it. As opposed to these people are calling to just feed, just talk to you to stop the wrong voice to don't know their answer from your elbow. 5, 6, 7. So, diet. No more crap. No more crap. No more that red sauce. No more those fatty meats. No more those sausages. Just imagine all this stuff we've been eating in here for the last month after month after month after month. Because everybody thinks this is a Nellie's and L. the cook in here. Neal's diner. Yeah, just stop and think about it. How that's contributed to my aching of, uh, a, uh, pupic right now. Plus of course, this dress from this guy damn place and a phone system that way worth a person of a beans. Not worth a price of head cheese. 5, 6, 7. I got a great new diet for you, by the way. Just keep one of these big, a board's head head cheeses in front of you all day. You'll never want to eat again. You'll be running to the pool all day long. You can have as much as that as you want. No, now I'm talking about eating it. Just look at it. That's the diet. Take away your appetite for months on end. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Meal. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. I don't think it's an eating problem. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Great. That's a lot of money. I know about anal sex. We already been to that. Okay, asshole. I'm sorry. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, on the 18, T, Wireless Line. When in doubt, when desperate. Always fall back on that. So this big. Always fall back on the home of full the crap. Doesn't work pal. Not interested. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, p, 5, 60, on the 18, T, wireless line. He live in 56 in QAS. This is 5, 60. QA, out. The Neal Roger Show. QA, out. The Neal Roger Show. This is Kevin. Hi, Jabby. I'm interested in getting through operations done. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. Mm-hmm. And I was wondering if it's some tummy tuck. And the lip augmentation has many requests. And I'm just wondering if it's all of these things. Mm-hmm. Just wondering. Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay. We don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. I don't know if it would be right away. The lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. So how much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. Laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lamb's stop crying yet. Mommy. Extra surgery? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It works the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liposuction that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, I want to see you first. And then I'm not looking actually. We can tell you that one with you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It works the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yes. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Um. My name is Buffalo Bill. Okay. Let me give you a little information from you. Okay. You're much than an oarsing in the basket. I understand. It works the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for a consultation fee? It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. Do you like to make an appointment? Do you want to call me bad? Yeah. What's the lotion in the basket? I understand. I got my skin suit in the bottle. Oh. Bill. It works the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make an appointment? It works the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the time. It works the lotion in the basket. Hello. Well, I'm all cured now. I got to go get a bunch of crap in the mail today or what? Oh, bunch of crap. Oh, we did the one good thing that is our friend in Hollywood. A call yesterday came to on his word. Man of his word sent me my VIP line pass for the MGM brand. I'll let you a sur. Thank you so much. And if I win anything, I'll send you a thank you card. No money of course. But anyway, I don't need any money because Doris Schmachtlin, Burger of Bill Ray, beats him. Me not one but two envelopes here. And in each of them, she starts out with a small one here. They saint Dumpfna. Uh, thing. I guess he's the saint of healing or something like that. Saint Dumpfna, strengthening us. Prayer and honor of Saint Dumpfna. And here's her story. And this is for healing the sick and the stressful and upset and the tense. And here's a big one. And there's just key on it. Oh, hey. There's just key. Rub it on your ailment. Prayer to the sacred heart of Jesus for courage and healing. Most sacred heart of Jesus, I come to you in my need. Keep me close to you and accept the pain and suffering. I offer you today. What do you say? No. Are you not with your own offer? I unite it with your own offering to the Father. What do you say Jesus? No. Give me strength and see me to the good health if it is your will. Is it your good will? No. Above all, Grant, how about let's go shopping at Goodwill? Yeah. And that's okay. Above all, Grant me all of y'all. That's just a great thing this is that you have to trust in your promise of love. Part of Jesus, watch over my loved ones. Especially those who are in need of your compassion. Oh, man. No. There you go. St.Dimple. God, I got to look now, man. Yeah. I'm just looking at it. Yeah. No, it's said that on the thing. You take one look at that card and just lick them. Yeah. And it works like magic. Nice going, Doris. Smocked in Berger and Del Rey Beach. And the sigile while you're at it by the way. We heard I know you were just following orders five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T wireless line Here's a mobile and pop at OB chill. Oh, I hope you feel it better. Yeah, I'm feeling it We've kind of the Jacksonville community down here and we just want to say we're going right way Yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T line eight seven seven seven five sixty three forty five on the AT and T line which I'm sure you can do better than that Sound a little bit like a for well on a radio with a bad cold here's mobile and for Latterdale. Hello How you doing the okay sir? Just left for Latterdale for and ran into Mr. O. J. Back in town Yeah, and the question for you I'm confident these police officer and Ken Jenny came in and basically Turn the city over to Broward County Sheriff the only problem is he's come in and circumvented his own policies I know in other cities the city manager basically is the Boss of the police chief The problem we're having now is the city manager has no power over an elected official As we can Jenny you haven't They're only problem now we're having is even though he circumventing his policies In correction of what he offered when he took over the city basically We're having a problem and in the next two weeks You'll be hearing quite a bit about this The city voted the residence voted the police officer's vote counted a tenth of a percent So it basically we had no saying and I just wanted to let you know Jim Jenny's out of the game and when it does boot his ass out there. That's my best decision to you When are you getting up? There you go good luck pal hanging all right now. Okay, anybody know what he just said? Oh, but we're on his side 560 560 560 on a 18T wireless line We got everything from head cheese the irritable balls syndrome going today man and Cecil and Ali on in between and a great column by Fred Graham that's so that was an outstanding column although it's very depressing But we know it's true, but actually come out there and say it. It sounded like I wrote it to be honest with you It sounded just like it came from this show you think came from this show probably Talk about ripping people off, but that's okay well done Fred About 10 times a year at least Fred Graham right now Graham whatever his name is right to good calm Here's my knee beat, Chilo Yes, sir. Yes, I am We already know we don't care 670 this is all I got today. They want to talk about edge usual. This is why the phone calls generally suck because I'm trying to do a show here Then you'll ride your show. I'm talking about the things that have to do with what's going on This is the 85th call we already had with some stupid spy report or what some jackball set on the air About dealers and the other I don't care. I'm not interested. I'm not the least bit interested doesn't impact my life the show my paycheck the The more the moon is in Uranus the Where the stars are all lining and has them to do with anything Roll-up sir grow the f-up. I don't care not interested Here's a lady in my knee beat, Chilo. Hi Neil. Yes, man. Ray the IBS my sister had it for two years Yeah nothing helps. She took the Chinese herbs. I wrote to the center of the disease control in Atlanta Yeah, and they sent me like a two-inch packet in this information on it nothing helps She had the test that mountain's I night she went to a psychiatrist he gave her a pack So she was a cute he gave a one way to Packed so P a X I L a drug a drug a drug. Well. That's right. He's some good drugs Neil. It went away. Huh. It went away. What's your all? What is it supposed to do? It's well It was supposed to be an anti-depressant. I see we were going in circles treating irritable bowel syndrome Right, and maybe I'm pretty free later. Yes, stress It's stress. It's the stress of Q. I am that's what it is. It's a killer. I mean we cut out the nuts We cut out the nuts. Oh, I don't want to cut up the nuts. Yeah, she has price and Neil nothing worked until she took back full Okay, all right. I'll I'll require in quiet. Thanks. We don't pay bye bye. I'm taking some good drugs God damn it right now Let's get those goddamn two dolls in here. That's that's for a good starter Five six seven Oh five sixty this place will drive it and drive it. I'll tell you that this is no joke no joke And matter I said sounds like a real good lawsuit to me. Greg it's a lawsuit Oh, that day was really special that day And number for give that one as long as I live People call up the newspapers and you know I'm trying to get a hold of the boss who doesn't be treating my phone calls has to call his lawyer to see if he can speak to me from his home that night That's a kind of great relationship. We have here at W. Duway M 567. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T lines The sports leader sports radio five 60 Q a M Speaking of the dolphins hours a Joseph talked to Yenkel Green In theaters now it's the totally new star wars Yoda get hot on our two D to Oh You make me feel good To D to I was just wondering you are a female right Yoda great stuff with R2 D to showing now No robots were injured during the filming of this movie I'm not a fife No, no in a theater to use Well 13 at 560 WQM. I've got a god damn it. Yeah, who is the one at Adrian? I guess semi affects me all the stuff from the internet and every now and then there's some good stuff on it And other than the stupid rumors they keep spreading But here it is about the this book irritable ball syndrome I found a page out of the 85 pages that Adrian said The mind body connection the irritable body and so much What does that mean? Which even a intellectual like George never heard that word before? So much eyes I thought that's what they do to your suits Have you ever take your like a suit to three days? So much eyes and three hour whatever this Anyway, it says just as the GI tract is usually sensitive and irritable Many people with irritable mouse syndrome and other functional GI disorders seem to have a sensitive irritable body or what doctors call So much as Asian And as an IBS and other functional GI disorders these symptoms are associated with normal test results And cannot be explained by any specific disease process the disturbances in the mind body slash brain gut connection And come from much of the trouble and it's got a chart here and this chart is me Oh, good. I'm looking at my myself and it ain't a pretty picture Painful and this got a list of all the symptoms of somatization in the irritable body painful tender muscles TMJ pain in the jaw Pin the ass back home shortness of breath pelvic pain There's hisiness chest pain. No, no, thank a painful menstrual period Feeling faint and abdominal pain He creeps extra. I know oh Hey, they're difficult to constipate a concentrating Yes, how do you like that? That's me that chart. Oh, the 80 90% of them Including the menstrual problems. I'm having all of those. How do you like that? That's me right there in a nutshell God bless you, baby, and I'm gonna go out this afternoon to buy a whole bunch of books and I'd be asking sit there and read them and eat my goddamn yogurt And just sit there and the lock myself away and do a little Get the glue to come in over the weekend my heri she whatever his name was Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hey, how are you today much better? I'm Colin because I was diagnosed with irritable about like 17 years ago. Oh my god and But what you know at the doctor told me to take metamusal oh no and trust me it worked But last year I got something some kind of stomach thing to sound more like what you've got this year Yeah, and I because I'd had cancer I didn't want to go to doctor these are in go through the home ordeal you just went through I'm as cold to last week about this I tried every over the counter thing nothing was working. I tried the metamusal it worked within three days I was fine. Yeah, so I mean before you let them put you on some kind of Prescription I'd at least try it. Okay, and then you know because my doctor didn't believe in all the Prescriptions and stuff and he said, you know, this is what you've got but what I had last year was Much three times what that was and it sounds like because you had it for like four weeks and I had it for like six Before I finally you know took the metamusal and it worked so Well, if you're gonna be staying home on a weekend No problem. Well, that was the thing with mine is that I couldn't go anywhere anyway Cause if you need to be within two steps of somewhere Things and so it was worth a shot next let's let's get ready to go on the trip and decide it I've got to try and do something or else We're not gonna make it where we're going Okay, nice with art. I'm gonna get some media leave not sooner. Okay. Have a good day. You two thanks How do you like that? I think I got a shot What she said something like that and That's true. But now look at of course I think was what I knew around vacation But when you came back I still had like some of that stuff right have lush and I'd be running out there like Immediately not sooner remember those days Yes, like that one time four times during one show I was running running and running and eating and running and running and running and eating and committing Wow, yeah, that's what it's a 560 5060 we got 7,000 He just also can add to my stress the fact we got 7,000 open lines on here. This damn recalcitron audience 567 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T line here's Hylia. Hello Yeah, by this here's Naples. Hello Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. I'm calling about your IBS. Yes. I have one question to ask you do you Are you back to using caffeine at all? No, not at all no, okay because I had IBS for a while and that's what I was doing I was I'm gonna let a caffeine yeah, that's a killer right during the time during the four weeks I've had this thing any time I did like so does with caffeine that so did it just really gets a turns it up again Yeah, exactly. I found it's a combination of three things For me was the caffeine or the artificial stimulants Then as a lady a couple calls ago said the fiber you have got to keep things moving keep it moving bottom line and when it Move it out. Okay, whatever you You yourself do to truly relax to get into that state of relaxation. Yeah, you need to increase that You know the bottom line is your body is working too hard You know are officially or being stimulated by outside Environmental things and it needs to relax. I think it's this place I think this month's out of here. I come back like a brand-new Yeah, well we've missed you too much. Yeah sure. Okay. I'm way way I go more than thing I'd like to ask your audience to go back to yesterday's Subject of the Confederate flag yeah, and I'd like to ask all those black guys sitting around doing nothing We've got opinions about everything else in the world to call into your show and let's hear them You know what I'm saying? No, I'd love to hear him what what does that mean? Let's hear their opinions about Deaconsetter flag got all white colors Yeah, yeah, I mean who cares what white people think? I want to hear some black people. Okay, well we got plenty of All right, farches on okay. Thank you. On your sparches out there. Let's get on a horn. How do you be like an adventurer flag? Does it make your blood ball when you see it when you be seeing that thing on those pickup trucks? That's a good point 567560 pound five 60 on the AT and T wireless line and of course our other timeline our work famous toll free line Is 877 7856345 see I feel just that much better and no one exactly what this all is Because a lot of the stresses when you go to these doctors and they can they look at you and you spend a lot of money They go They're taking stool samples and urine samples in your pee and then shmitten and they're all these things Then they're looking at one end and back to all over the place Which I would like to hold George I'm very glad I did all of this stuff because I found out all of the you know all that stuff is great What Here's the mobile in Miami hello Yes, sir, I'm the only reason I'm calling Do you drink tap water? No never would never consider it would never dream of it? Okay, because that's what happened we had to change our water system in our house. Yes, my whole family was sick From the stomach and we took a water sample and it was very very bad Oh, yeah, the water by me is swear. I would never drink it and You know just the one thing like crypto's brilliant which comes in the water which can kill somebody You know people don't realize how serious you know this bacteria the sin of water I'm gonna ask you this question though because I give my dog's tap water because even though I make a few bucks I'm not giving my dog's bottle water. I'm not like a multi-migilier, so I'm not gonna do that And it both of my dogs are as healthy as a dog. You know they're in good shape You're absolutely right. They're in the gesture system acid is different and can eat up maybe some of the bacteria which are Stomach I would imagine seeing some of the stuff that they ingest I would imagine yeah, you're right But I just I did want to mention that there's a lot of people don't realize how dirty our water in they don't have a filter system and I we had to go through it And when we take the water sample to the water, you know Miami-Day water sugar department They did this for you. Yeah, it was a very highly toxic and then they took a look at our pipes inside the house And they said yeah, you got all rusty pipes for like okay, so what can we do about it like nothing? Get up get either crystal springs or or an Osmo reverse off most right now, right so you know it was that bad that this Water that we're drinking made us all sick So you know a lot of people are making excuses a stress and so forth, but they need to take a look at what they're drinking and eating But just like you said hey man, okay. Thanks a lot pal. Thank you sir. Yeah, that good point watered on here is full of It's crappy man, but I'm drinking my great soul a water for my close personal friend, Salat Alcone. Thank you, Sal Oh, I kind of bring in that one of those books I've got on Monday and read a thing you to make Peter leather feel real bad Which is what I really need to bring it in about sobotal you know your body makes sobotal And no it creates all kinds of diabetic problems is that when the Instead of converting sobotal the fructose like an ordinary person does diabetics can't do that So it stores it in the cells Sorbetal so when you eat and drink stuff with extra sorbetal and that's why I have that horrible reaction And I just go running out there and I don't exactly there you are 567 there you are 567 05 60 or 560 on the 182 and they always say that the Dutch say that like on a plane when they bring you something There you are. I don't know what that is it's just their way of speaking in with there you are it's one of those things. I'll still believe Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Yeah, hello yes sir. Yes, so you want a black hole. You got one how about your important someone one of the black hole as you got one okay It could certainly that ragged as flying in soccer line. Yes, sir. Please take it down. Hey, man Does that piss you off as it frost your ass? Oh, yes, it does a little bit don't want me to be reminded of that when you see that does the word red neck coming immediately Do mine? Oh, yes Well, definitely me too. It's it's not good. It's not healthy. It's it's there's no purpose other than to People holding on to idiot thinking that was that's our cake. Right exactly. I hear you in irritable growl syndrome Have a great day pal. All right. Thank you. There you go. You wanted to spark you got one right off the bat There's a lot of other darkies off it. I'll be calling in with a comment about those confed were flags Nose Yahoo's in redness in South Carolina in Georgia and all you guys running around with those bumper stickers on here with that crap about the South What what's so great about the South what was ever so great about the South The weather But forget about that that's that's something that can't spoil the working on it. They can't screw that up yet You used to be able to own black people to sell oh well I got a me five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wire whatever that line is And the out of town light is 877 785 6345 as we could healthy here on the year I'm here staring at that head cheese when I think of all the crap that we meet in here I'm just thinking about that right now how I've made myself sicker and sicker and sicker and Painted that fish food and all the other direct that I've been consuming because I'm a goddamn hopeless subfig And man is that gonna stop right now that is gonna stop is that gonna stop? What? Give me that yogurt. I'm Joneson for some more that good yogurt. It's not actually that bad You know not that it's not delicious. It's not like a sensational But after you it doesn't make you sick. Oh no like soothing you know Like bringing in that Maharishi and just doing a little bit of a meh That Here's Miami. Hello Yeah, hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. You have a great show deal. Yes, I do now Listen all these people are telling you that you need to relax and that your battle is gonna calm down a few blocks They're telling you you need to take taxil and throw that and you know value You know and all these mine that are useful. Yeah, but they're telling you about these mine bending drugs So you need to relax right right now. I had some sort of calm riddle in you know All I did was All I did was just lightly change my diet and That's a little pot. Yeah Yeah, you know the guys telling you you need to find what helps you relax well certainly Medical marijuana for IBSons reasonable to me. It's definitely calm yours stomach down definitely I guess it's fortunate I'm gonna be going to Amsterdam very soon even though of course I don't smoke the wicked weed but I'm just I have to check it out. Look, you know you might want to give it a try Yeah, have a good day. Thank you brownies. Why about your pardon? They come in brownie brownie. Hown 560 50 50 pound 560 on the AT and T wireless lines Hey, Captain with nose the scores 30 in of a last game in midnight only on 430 560 2 a.m. Were you fudge back then? Cut it away. Quite literally. When I was circumsizing somehow a crew back on me. Amazingly Open night. My boss gives back after hanging like a fruit fly On a day my boss gives out like a boost in everything's fine Oh a day my boss gives back I have a very good way shot Now I'm on like a racist and I really rap I can't beat down the side How old Oh I'm a big man now that a crew back over time Oh It's a bit My gut skips back with a boiled fluffy troubles My dad My dad My boyfriend I was full of big and sad I'm a little bit like that. Listen, trust now. Well, 30 at 5.60 W2. I'm by the way, the TV channels are ecstatic that this trial is going on. This Emilia Nounius, the shooting took place seven years in two days ago. But they're ecstatic because it gives them an excuse to keep showing that video tape over and from telemundo over and over and over and over. And over two to again, come on Emilia. Right there in the head. But the key for us to hang out. We want to see the blood splatter. We want to see the blood splatter. We want to get a 7. I think. Because they don't want to show it during the family. Oh, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT. Yeah, the ATV reporter made him do it. She's the one who agged him on, you know. That's a bit of a excuse. Yes. The ATV reporter in toxication. Yeah, that's right. Let's get L.S. Rubin on a case. What do you say? Yeah. Maybe I got fish food in toxication. Maybe that's why my kishki's are twisted. Here's a call on Hollywood. Hello. Hello, Uncle Leo. Yes, sir. My family has had on both sides all these kind of schmith problems. Yeah. Cyber-ticulitis. Maybe your family's full of schmith. I've been full of schmith ever since I can remember. Yeah. And it sounds to me like you have either IVF. I do have IVF, that's what my doctor just told me. Right, or you can have diverticulitis that they can't see. Yeah. And it's the one which one is better, which one would be a more fun to have. I'd rather have the IVF. Oh. But the diverticulitis, if you know what it is, it's a little bit. No, that's it. But you only have that in one place. It's on the lower left. What's that? Diverticulitis is in the lower left abdomen. It's like, so they call it reverse side appendicitis. Yeah, well, it can actually puff in many parts of the intestine. It's a little pocket in the intestine with the intestine stretches like I have Roy. Yeah. And the food gets trapped in it. Yeah. And you got all that kind of problem. Anyway, what I wanted to tell you is if you're going to try that lick with mixed stuff over the counter. Metamusol? Yes. They also make it in a pill form, which is what you do to take. Oh, thank God for that. Has it has the same impact? Yeah, it works exactly the same way. But it's a lot easier to swallow litter. But I don't understand. How does that help IBS? Because I don't have any problem, uh, if you're living it, you believe me. I'm just going like a racer. I don't have any problem at all. That's the problem. You will eliminate too much too easily. And the food doesn't digest properly. I see. And what happens is the metamusol is, uh, or you can also get by the way, or a brand that's exactly the same thing. Well, I have console, which I think is a lot better. It doesn't have all that crap in it. Yeah, it's a lot, you know, a lot of the stuff's a lot cheaper than. Well, that's what I'm looking for as a bargain based. Oh, yeah. I mean, I want to wholesale. Yeah, it's the same as exactly the same ingredients. Yeah. You know, they just, uh, once people met a musal brand on the enterprise, they have a price good of three publics brand is probably the best. Yeah, well, in any event, the stuff helps, it helps both you up and it eliminates the gas and the pain and all that stuff. Great. You know, if that works for you, then all you got as IBS, if it doesn't work, then you got to look again for diabetic skin lightest because I had as a situation with my wife, where it didn't show up on three tests. And eventually, they were able to catch it, but she had to be turned in the right direction for them to see if you know one of those deals. Exactly. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Thanks a lot. Well, I look like I'm going to have a fun weekend. 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T line and 877, 785, 6345. How come we don't have no black post calling it? They talk it as their opinion is on a Confederate flag. I got one guy who sounded very light-computed by the way. What was that all about? We're all the adarkies out there. I know you're there. Here's Carl Gables. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi. This is your Mayo. I'm being up in Kenya. Yeah. 560, 0560, pound 560 on a AT&T line. Well, this is desperate week, desperate week. We got some important crack going on here. This week and you people are just like as usual. Same old stuff. Yeah. Still in morning. Still this whole town is falling off all in the park from that game line Saturday. Here's Hi, Leo. Neil, God. Yes, sir. Before I tell you my experience with the act, I wanted to ask you, had did your cholesterol ever go up? Did it ever go up? Yeah. And I'm not while I was on the act and it came down dramatically. Really? Yes. I mean, I'm a 30-old, a Julio and my cholesterol went off the seal. Oh, hi. 217. That's not bad. Well, it's wrong with that. Because I usually have real low cholesterol. Real good cholesterol. 217 is not a dangerous cholesterol by any stretch of the imagination. But the doctor looked at me like I was going to die. Well, anything under 300 is not dangerous. I mean, like 260 is 70 is high. But under 300 is not a dangerous cholesterol reading. Well, I was about 16 pounds in all this and then like about a week or two after that. I stopped losing weight and I was like, I was creating beer and you know, I roast compoying. Yeah. I know this thing also. I listen. I was in Georgia this weekend. Yes. And confedre flags everywhere. You want to talk about feeling persecuted. Oh, God. I went with a couple black guys and these guys were like, Oh, my God. You know, let's get out of this place. Let's get out of this place. No, no, no, no, no, no. It's not funny. Anyway, maybe that's why I don't got together in Atlanta. They figure if they go, won't, won't place, they'd be safe. Okay. Thanks, Paul. Hey, one more thing. Yes, sir. I love your idea about closing down Kai Oachie. Yeah. Why not? I'm going out for it. When did that screw him up? Hey, you let me know on the first one there. Okay, pal. Later. Bye. 560, 560. We're looking for dark, complicated folks out there with a opinion on the goddamn on that rebel flag. A.K.A. Swastika, whatever the hell that thing is. Which, oh, here's one right here. Here's a dark folk in the Pembroke pine, hello. Yes, sir. Concerning these white guys. I think the majority of the white guys come out. That's racism, denial, syndrome, come on. You know what I'm saying? Yes, I do know what I know what you'd be saying. And that's that's the problem. I think that we, we're having in this country, want to admit that there is a problem. And that the white race is a racist people. Yes. And it doesn't mean that the others are not. Right. You know, but they're dangerous. You know, and that's a problem. That's a problem. As far as that flag is concerned. Yes. It's a symbol of terror. Irony, terror. Uncinguished. And all the worst things you can't think about. Right. And that's why, and as a black man, when I see a flag, I just want it to go away. When did that get it out? When what? I say, say, have a great day. You do thing. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the AT&T, where I was flying. So far, two for two. The dark folks don't like that goddamn Confederate flag. Flag at all. Not one bit. Not two bits. Oh, this is a pretty tough here today. I'll tell you pretty, pretty weak. Now that I'm starting to get my strength back. I'm going to just have to Monday go back to the no calls again. Huh? Now I might just have to pop another two or three weeks of that on there again. Cause it was really good. Yeah. Maybe I'll just chop off a nipple here over the weekend and throw it down the toilet and it will give me the strength to come back. Because once those grow back, man, do they grow back? No. Oh. Oh. So, you get a stab. Oh, damn it. By the way, I'm sure you've encountered in your travels. Oh, I guess maybe not. No, there are guys you do realize who have no nipples. No, I did not realize. You didn't know that. You never saw that. You were like a chest with like no uh huh. There's some like fat chicks who might as well not have any. I'm not talking about chicks. I'm talking about guys who have like no uh nothing. You know, guys with good bodies, but they just have there's nothing there. I don't think those were guys. Those were aliens. 560. Oh, guys, what? He was at the Disney World. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T line. 22 before what a QAM. 430. 560. QA. Why do you best? Dude. No. 280. 480. 480. 480. 480. 780. 780. 780. 780. 780. 780. 780. 780. 780. 780. 780. 780. 780. 780. 780. Oh boy this is even better where you build from home. That's actually a whole bunch of stuff about IBS. Don't need this. It's remember to see an infat so where he was going to that diet place. Dr. Schwarzenegger. The one that was smoking and puffing while he was on the treadmill. And she said you do not eat this. He was reading the thing. Do not eat this. Do not eat that. And he reached over to pick out a grape. Off the do not eat grapes. Do not eat just about anything. I think just a water. I just yoga and yogurt might be the answer for the weekend. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah this is a black man called for Miami. Yes sir. It's a really problem. I'm getting a call from black guys. We're just sitting there listening. Let me guys just toasting a two-truth hatred. We used to decide to find you. Yeah. Just let him go in on with it. Okay. Yes, screw him right. Don't take the time with the response. Okay pal. Have a great life. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. He says he don't give a crap as what he says. Well, wave your flag on you. He just knows you're dumb. Basically what that means. If you drive it around it with a goddamn confederate flag and try to rationalize it. Make excuses for it. Are there any excuses for it? No. Of course not. I mean, it's like putting that one. I have a bumper sticker and said, Just as I'd be a bigot. Something like that. I'd be a racist. I'd be a bigot. I'd be a dumb cracker. I'd be a redneck. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Here's a mobile in Islam, a rollover. Hello. Damn. Yes sir. Two words for your man. Yes. Shelf. I know. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Pick up the books and read about it, bro. Yeah. I'm going to do that. I work in the medical field and a lot of times the parents are some of my patients. I know a lot more than the doctors. I'm sure that. You know what I'm saying? I mean, what doctors four years bullshitting bull crap and four years medical school. You know what I'm saying? Bullshitting. Yeah. You know, a lot of reading. The man they just called from the city Miami. You got a point there, you know. They're going to do it. No matter what you say, no matter what you're doing to tell you the truth. I'm a white guy living by myself. I'm more afraid of the country pumpkins than I am. Any black guy. Yeah. I'm saying, well, let's see what the black people are. I think black people do already realize that most black guys are terrified of black men. Especially the darker they are, the more said, it's like a worker scale. The darker the black guy is, the more scared the white people are. Yeah. I don't understand. I mean, I watch the Texas chainsaw massacre the other night and know there's some country pumpkins out there and I was more afraid of them than I would walking around in Liberty City. Yeah. That's head bunny had a nice complexion too and John McPassie and Jeffrey Dahmer was kind of like a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Just got by from Amsterdam on the New Year man. Yes, sir. How was it? First time and it was a great time. I spent four days, I think four days was about three days too long. And when over to Switzerland, Zurich, same rules of Amsterdam, a lot cleaner and a lot more relaxing. Yeah. Yeah. What I'm saying, so that's about it, my friend. And I'm enclosing. I just want to say Tim Walsh, which. Okay. I'll see you in Geneva, sir. New York. I think it's like, uh, Shwites, Denise, Switzerland, 5.6. 7.0.5. 60. 5. 50. I like Swiss too, but more cheese. What's thinking of cheese? Oh, yeah. Now I can eat this. Now this isn't going to bother me. Is it? I don't know. Or should I cut the cheese? Wait. What was that? Probably. What do you mean? Wait. Maybe some expert will call up and maybe throw you on. Sure. Some expert. We got all the experts out there like that. Damn, uh, Kent Skin. I took on Wednesday. Oh, yeah. I'm sorry. I mean, you're going to have to go. Please did for 45 minutes to them. If they go in the hockey game, you're going to be marking chalk lines on your seat. Yeah. Did they put any berium in my room? No. I mean, I'll say it again. I wasn't the most pleasant experience in my lifetime, but it's certainly was nothing no big deal. Not a lot of pain. Well, you asked this audience a question. You know what you generally get, don't you? Yeah. Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello. How come you're all here? You doing great. I'll be people want to put you on all these drugs. What's up with that? Well, we got a bunch of drug-induced idiots out there. What can I say? A couple of meals. A couple of meals. All you have to do is exercise. I'm not a fitness guru. Well, that would. It will help. Well, you just commit yourself for a couple months. I mean, I'm not saying go to the people. I think I should be committed for a lot longer than that. Well, yeah, you have been. But listen, just exercise for a couple months. You'll start feeling a lot better. Do it every day. I mean, get off your radio. Yeah. You know, how are the day? Right. Exercise. You've got that. I've got that. It's treadmill there. I've got that exercise bike. Well, forget that exercise bike. Go out and walk and you can't walk out of it. Let's go out of the trigger and it's you know, I know you don't like the gym. What's wrong with the treadmill? It's just so stationary. You get so bored of it. You know, you're sitting in there, you know, hopping and trying to get in here in your house, and you get tired of looking at the wall. So you don't want to work out no more. I'm not looking at the wall. I got a TV in that room. Well, I'll put the game on, put your pants on, and I think that's your problems to solve it is to exercise. It was for a couple months in. Forget all the drugs and eat whatever you have. If you're exercising, you can eat whatever you want. Okay. You're important it off and do that. I got to want to say something else. What is it with all these guys that are driving around these little toy owners and Nissan's with these big mufflers on the back of them. Thinking that they're race cars. I just want to run them all off the road because you're trying to cut me off going 100 miles an hour down the dirt bike. What is it with these morons and these cars? I hope someone can tell me there's one more. One more. One more. I hope you get better. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Say a one. Okay. I'm going to exercise about that. So I'm having a little bit of my provolary cheese here. Now is that good or what can I have that? But it's poor, is it? Oh, I'm looking at that head cheese. I'm thinking, oh, I don't know if I really want to eat right now. God. And we actually had a few people holding the day who admitted to eat in the head cheese. I'm sorry. I mean, I've eaten all kinds of stuff. Believe me when I tell you. But the idea of, in fact, what are we going to do with this? I'm just throwing it on the floor. I can't, I don't want to look at that thing anymore. Yeah, I bet you, I bet you, I bet you're somebody else. I sure hope not. I bet you're somebody. You'll take that home. That should be the test of there's anybody in the building. They're not listening because they're listening to power 96 who they don't acknowledge that we just, they listen to the yet, two lightjes. Oh, that's right. There are the ones listening to Waffin with the two lightjes. Oh, I can't wait to get out of this place. When that day comes, the final day that I've done last show that I do. This little silly sports nerd, the one-dimensional boring terminal people, man. You talk about pondress. Get a little life. Get our freaking life. Oh, there's enough you by the way. He might have a life. Whatever happened with your thing by the way, with your stomach thing. Just went away. He said we're just going to have a little life. And we're like, let's go to the next one. We're like, let's go to the next one. We're like, let's go to the next one. We're like, let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Here's Naples. Hello. Naples. Hi there now. Yes, sir. He always diagnosed with a diaperticalosis about a year ago. Oh, I was hindred by my left side like he was saying. Really bad. I had to go on a antibiotics for it. fiber. You get it in a health boost or a doctor vitamins when we're like I take two big scoops of that every day about this time of day, mix it up in two bigger loops. Yeah, they have a scoop in a can. Well I tell you, turn my whole life around. I haven't had any more problems with that. I don't take any medicine for it. Right. It just, it makes your, your bowel movements, the problem. That's what's causing us, you know, diverticulitis. Uh-huh. Cause you're straining in your, you know, you should have floaters, not thinkers, you know. Right. It'd be nice and easy. Absolutely. I'm not saying, I had that lady on my show years ago, the sink in float ladies. You said they must float. If they think you got real problems. You want you to stop straining and pushing these hard things up then all your diverticulitis will go away because the muscle while your colon will develop, like it should be. If we've been eaten fiber for last 30 years instead of the last year, right, instead of getting all those, that we find carbohydrates crap. Exactly. Exactly. Right. I wish I started taking a little bit of this at least years and years and years and years ago. Well, what about your diet? Are you changing your diet? You know, on the typical American, I'm overweight and I'm crap. You know, how me to a fat slob? Yeah. Exactly. It's exactly what I'm, and yeah, sure we should eat more apples. I'm about, but we won't do it. No. If you eat more apples, you want to find a proper better road apples than what I'm doing. That's right. If you are coming to stuff every day, this isn't just got silly and husk like a metamuse. So this was got the vegetable and green fiber fruit fiber and it's got all the fabulous fibers. So I guess I might in the health food store. Yeah. Okay. I'm on my way. Bye, Claude. Okay. Okay. Here's a fact from Dr. John William Sullivan, board certified alternative medicine position in Miami Lakes. He says, do you need, I've been listening to you for over eight years. You've helped me through my days countless times. Now, after listening to you talk about your present health problem and how after a battery test, no one seems to have an answer for you, I possibly could be my turn to help. He says, I've taken care of many patients with your symptoms through my 20 years as a licensed position in the state of Florida. I'm most recent case involved the 58 year old man who liked yourself as diabetic and just recently developed a terrific case of colitis. He went through all the test. You went through twice at two different nationally known clinics and nobody gave him the reason why his colitis would flare up and then disappear and reappear without reason. In the last desperation, the tip he finally called my office using reforally and then putting off for six months. I diagnosed his condition as colitis to the effect of cytotoxic foods. These are foods including healthy foods because many different systems including intestinal distress such as colitis and the foods causing or colitis may be totally different than the foods causing another person's colitis. I don't like that. Like the father of medicine said, one person's food is another person's poison. There's a simple blood test that identifies your personal offending cytotoxic foods. If you discover that it's not in your mind, call me an line to any questions you may have. Here's a phone number. I don't even like that. Thank you Dr. John. Maybe I'll give him a call. Maybe I will and maybe I won't. I'll see. See what happened this weekend with a Mahari Shimae Shogi. Vera. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the 18th, T-Less. Just say this. Cheese. Not cutting any gas so far. No problems. Delicious. Two by the way. Here's Tamara. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, I can't believe all of these erroneous solutions people are given you for your discomfort. But if you're killed some good time, well, isn't it? That's your dust. But I had exactly the same thing. And I can tell you that this aerobot aerobolacendromes is the same as pasted col. What is it? Is this reaction to your nervous system? So that was some spastic? You know, if you're nervous, it's not what I've been called that. It's going to affect different parts of your body. And I had the same thing. I went to my internist. And there's a lime, a small lime green pill. It's about one through the size when asked where I wish I knew the name of it. And you don't swallow your chewed wabbley, you've let it just melt onto your tongue. I've got that. Yeah, because of the tea, it's called a tea something. It's an intestinal narcotic. And what it does is it relaxes the bowels. And you do that with a bland diet for a couple of days. And then you're okay. And I think that's what it is. I think I don't know what a bland diet is. Other than yogurt, I mean, when you're diabetic and you can't eat this and can't eat that, what is a bland diet? What else can you eat? Well, I think if you keep eating foods, though, it's not going to be particular foods. It's going to be a reaction to your co-on the nervous system. And that's what it is if they just set a bland diet. Well, I know, but you do that just to let it rest for a couple of days. But I mean, if you eat different foods, you know, it's not the food you eat. It's the nervous system. It's just something coming out. Some people are affects their stomach. Some people are affects other ways. And in some times, it affects your co-on. I've had this twice over the last six years and both the time these pills have worked. So I'm just giving you that as this suggestion because you got to let the co-one kind of simmer down. That's the reason for the bland diet. And then after a couple of days you're starting to get your food and you're fine. And all these other emulsions are like that. And all these it's just, you know, five. Well, the emotions and potions. There. Hey, that doesn't do any good. So this is just a suggestion. You might talk to your doctor. We're shining in the name of these pills with man they work like a child. I got them. I got them. Okay. Hang on. Hang on. I'm in pop a couple of the semernos. Okay. Well, we love you. Thanks. All right. There you go. Everybody's got some, it's called Hello doctor. Everybody's their own doctor, which is a bad idea by the way. Not a bad idea. And a one in doctors have to take it personally, but the fact is that a lot of doctors out there don't know my answer from your elbow. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty except like everybody. Dr. Dick over there in the camera. He's a good guy. She called him. He went. He went through the red tape. He doesn't put up with any craft doctor. Dick, polycop up there in Tamarack. He gets on the horn. He says, I want the guy to name results now. Okay. He doesn't put up with any bureaucratic BS. It's back to us in a heartbeat. Got me on the phone. They're saying, hey, you're still alive and good luck to you. Yeah, he's a good guy. And a little Gary. He's okay, too, for a little to our peanut bet. It's a 1256 at 560 QAM. This is 560 QAM. Only one South Florida radio station has a hammer and your listing to it. We're over weekday afternoon to two sports radio five, sixty QAM. To like on ABC it's who wants to be a white supremacist millionaire. Okay, here's your question. If you see a black man running down the street, he will be carrying a Olympic torch. Be a relay baton or see a TV set. What is your answer? It's the game show where ordinary right wing extremists can win millions to fund the overthrow of the government who wants to be a white supremacist millionaire tonight on ABC. 101 of five 60s WQM is they're usually very big one to two hours. But look at that. We've made a clean sweep. Everyone I was on and they all dropped off. Very good. Nice going, guys. Really inspires me to see how much things we got to call this audience. Here, there's not one single call on the board. We wonder that break we had about four and then I watched three of them pop off and in just what we're going to come back the last one popped off. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T line, 877, 785, 6345. This is pathetic. This is the reason I did three weeks without big and for phone calls. This is tragic. We got everything going here from head cheese to irritable bowel to the crafts to a metamusul to a little bit of a Confederate flag and the aliens grandmothers and everything else going on in this down and these people have got a god damn thing to say. And I wonder why they don't show up at the hockey games or at any other guy damn place you look at it's like a ghost town. Man, man, give me a break. Here's my good friend, Bertie that facts to me. This is depressing. Strong flavored foods and beverages that tend to produce gas. Raw apples, dried beans and dried peas, sweet potatoes, onions, beet, radishes, turnips, bell peppers, cucumbers, cabbage, brussels, sprouts, cauliflower, broccoli, coffee, carbonated beverages, dairy products. Oh, no more cheese. God, and because on, like I said, I guess you just give up eating sounds good to me. I think that might be the answer. This might motivate me. Here's a mobile and tamarack, hello. Hey, Leo. Yes, sir. Just calling for some info. You can get some of the best info about different places. I'm going to Vegas. Haven't been there well since let's see, well been a long time maybe 10 12 years. Yeah. And I'm going to be staying at the York York. Yeah. And I'm going to be there for not this weekend, but next weekend. Yes. And I was wondering you can give me any reference or any shows at 560, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T wireless line, 1 877, 785, 6345 on the other timeline. Can you believe that? Can you really believe that? I'd like to go to call me yesterday. It said that he's doing great on the Atkins, but if I'm not doing it, he doesn't want to do it anymore. Oh my god, ring around the rosy. How's that go? 560, 0560, pound, 560 on the AT&T line. I want these lines smoking here, man. I want to hear some verbal intercourse in this one or two. I'm not going to sit or keep companies guy dead numbers up like you're a bunch of retards. And I don't want any more goddamn calls about, where's there a good restaurant in Vegas? Everywhere you look, there's good restaurants here, right in your casino. Every casino, go to the Buck and Olive, the season is in pick out. Okay, that great attire in the feast. A feast fits for a feast. But don't be calling up a talk show and I could like some kind of a functionally literate, like somebody's got to hold your hand when you go like more than 10 miles away from home. Stop doing those things, sir. Please, that big you. And then bearish for you. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, nail. Yes, sir. How you doing, there's Jake from Hollywood. Jeans McDonald? Hey, I just want to say your program. My radio right now is stuck on AM. Yeah. It doesn't switch over to FM or listen to good. Normally, I listen to Zeta 4. No, you don't want to add. I listen to you every day. And you know, what you got to say is positive to people. Something is negative. You know, you can't please everybody in this world. That's what they can't please them. Screw them. That's what I say. Exactly. But take care of it. Have a good day. Okay, back to you. What do you say? 5 6 7 0 5 60, pound 5 6. The well, the same thing. No, what he said. No. He's a good guy. But do we know what he, I don't think he said in. Here's a mobile and four lotterdale. Hello. Hey, nail. Who's your favorite fan? That's around. No, who I should also like. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the 18 and T. Why was lying? I see that. That's an important question. For example, what he has a pair. There you go. But hands off, pal. Let's do a higher layer. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. All right. Okay. There's a few things I've got to tell you. It's in my opinion, I spoke to you a few months ago about how these companies are higher. You seem like they've been helped and making you grow before you contact us over. Yeah. There's your work and I'm here. We'll see you then. So I guarantee all of those to your problems as frustrated. And then no question about them. Never. I've never worked anywhere. I mean, this is a stressful business. But I've never worked anywhere where the stress level is like it is here. It's just it's unbelievable. Because nothing works. I mean, they don't care. They get a lot of the excuses and stories. And day after day after day. You come in here with the best of intentions and the best of hopes. And it's still a polish myth. Exactly. I mean, if you didn't care, I'm sure it wouldn't bother you. Right. It would never hurt. Maybe I've got to go back to that guilty philosophy. No, that's even worked for two or three months. There we just don't give a crap. Maybe I really had a good I don't think I can pay check and run. In the meantime, I think you, you know, you should look into your, you know, in your diet and my health, you're a bit. Yeah. But, but he passed you. What the hell can you eat? Nobody can answer me the question. And the third suggestion and I'll go, I mean, I know you go to Europe for vacation. But now that you're not feeling, you're not feeling well. I think you might try looking to get a medical help over there. I mean, you're paying for it here anyway. I'm sure it's going to be cheaper. Getting medical help for what? In Europe. I mean, for all your, all your, all your problems for this. Yeah. This isn't a big deal. I mean, it's a, it's a good deal. But I mean, they have medicines over there that you know, you, I'm sure you know that they can better allow here the AMA to want a lot here. Right. That's a good word. I got that. I got that. I got the drugs over there, right? I mean, you should have Georgians. Maybe his family orders a lot of, you know, like a lot of humans order medicine from Spain, because they seem to work a lot better. A lot quicker. And, you know, where any other, the fact Georgia's family, that's how they make their living. I'm surprised you know that. I mean, they sell a crap on a black market. That's true. I'm sure you have to speak market. I mean, I know I know you go over there for vacation. But I mean, I've just a suggestion to say, I heard that you would be going to AMAZE. No, I don't have time. I'm over there. I don't have time. I'm on a promise to guarantee you. Next time on there, which is metaphor of, I'll feel great. Believe me. Well, promise you that. That is just a just bear. There it is. Right. You're right. Well, I want to feel better. When I was in Vegas this last weekend, I felt sensation. Right. I have maybe one or two twinges. And when I came back, I felt great. Well, the opposite to you. Yeah. You got to pay it. Yeah. I got QAM allergies. I have that so. When you when you come to this up, I'm sure you disease will be over to. Thank you, sir. Thanks for the diagnosis. I'm going to take this in the mail. There's a guy doesn't diagnose this right on the floor. He's right. You are absolutely correct. Right. 560, 705, 60, conv 560 on the AT&T wireless line. It's 1808. It's a QAM. I got Hank coming up in two in his studio. Boosted a 6 o'clock night. Panthers at Atlanta to take on and beat the crap out of a girls team tonight. I say final score of Panthers 6 at Atlanta. One, we'll give them one. Maybe a lucky bounce. 430, 560, a Friday you best dude. All right now. I got a little sun here for the best rise in the world. their shoe bones. The shoe双 begin too new dark Must perform right on site on this explainers What are you thinking? So far away from me, but don't go worrying about me. Well, she can't find the sky yet. All looks for a day, a day, a day, a day. Woo! Something to say after one or five six is every two of them. I'd commend this Friday. We've got to diagnose all the diseases and the illnesses. We're all doing great and life goes on and that's it. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pump. I just have no idea what to eat. And I know somebody will call in. Some wise guys, each met, you know, that's something like that. Some gruel, maybe some nice gruel. Do you know what? That sounds like that, Hitchies. Gruel. Like, like, quaker oats. What kind of people eat quaker oats? Mmm, brown sugar and raps. Oh, yeah, brown sugar. See there you go again. It's like having a bad steak and covering it with God damn Peter Lugher's steak. So tasteless without it. No, no, it is not good steak. It's not tasteless. No, it's oatmeal. You right? So why not take some confetti, some paper machine, put it in there and put brown sugar. Are you put brown sugar on that dog'smeat? It would taste pretty good. Let's try. Good for a pretty bland. Try. In fact, get the Hitchies out of the basket. We just tossed it in. We just tossed it. And the Hitchies, too. 560, 50560, pound-five 60 on the AT&T line. And I really rough right here. Here's key largo. Hello. Hey. Key largo. Yeah. Yes, sir. I just want to call and tell you you got a great show. And speaking of something to eat, I just think some bad chicken. It gave me the snitch. So don't eat, don't chicken, whatever you eat. 560, 50560, pound-five 60. Oh, man. This town is something. Boy, it is. No wonder. Why was it Vegas that much? And I saw a couple on the escalator going down. There we're going down. I was going up at the MGM. I was coming up at the parking garage. And here. Did I? We used to live in Miami. They only think we missed this year's show. We live in here in Vegas for five years. And I thought to myself, now I understand. I finally understand why these people I meet who have moved other places. They say the only thing we missed about Miami was your show. Is there anything else to miss? No. Here's a mobile in Key West, tell us. Neil. Yes, sir. Big Mike here. Just driving around in my new green Cherokee classic. And I'm heading up to Toronto next weekend. Yeah. And this one, I know you've been up there if you knew we'd need this. It was some good restaurant. 560, 50560, pound-five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's for Waterdale. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. Have any of you here doing better? And did you do Denise Popman was on the ESPN2 one tonight? Doing what? The Huracuna Ranger game. I'm sure glad I missed this. That I would have realized. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm a Schlapper. You know, and I try to go to all the hockey games I can go to. If I've been to, you know, five or six minutes ago. This year and I can't afford it, you know. And you know. Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound-five sixty on the ATT. This is astonishing. It really is. I mean, he sounds like he's living in breathing guy and he's rolling along all the sudden. Is there a... What about that line for, by the way? No, the set one's not working on her. Yeah. There's the deal again. Nothing. I love it. See, this is what I was talking about this dress factor. You wonder why my kishki is our twist thing? Because I sit here and many a day I'm screaming in the yelling and people are trying to call. And the phones are all screwed up again. If I had a brain, I'd be sitting here playing music every day until I put a real phone system in here. If I had any balls at all, I'm serious. I don't want to do that because I have a little bit of, you know, too much stuff respect for that. But I should just sit here and play music every day until I decide they want to put a gun. If I had a phone in here, anybody was listening to the show for more than five minutes knows that it's a piece of shmit. We got a make-believe phone system in here. And do they care? Are they willing to make a commitment? Oh, 5.4.10. Yeah, I believe you'll Greg. I'll believe it when I see it. You lying sack of crap. You slot myster. The slot myster of broadcasting. Mr. Schluck. This is the same guy that couldn't get to God damn dolphin post games show on here. How many of the first, what? The first 500 games did it when it got the right for $15 billion. And man, this was psychotic about it. Anything that has to do with radio in his son, but they can't get it done. They can't do it. And my kishkis are getting twisted up. And I come in here a day after day trying to make chop, chop liberal, can't crap. Great. Great. Thank you. Got to feel better now. 5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T line. Maybe some more. Give it a shot. Here's Westchester. Thank you. Got to feel better now. 5.670560, pound 5.60 on the AT&T line. Maybe some more. Here's Westchester. Hello. Hello Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Okay. Glad you're feeling better. Great. I feel great. I'm really good in there. I'm sorry. I was 24 years old. Yes sir. I'm certain. But I have a good story. The circumstances of age of 12. Oh. Yeah. When I was a baby, had an ear infection in the kind of circumstances. There was no pain that I could remember. Like I've been kicked in the chops. The whole mind yours. There's no pain like that. When I came home that night. It's barbaric. Oh horrible from the hospital. A halloween infection on the tip. I don't know if you could say it had a wound. But I also had, I'll just say, head, head, cheese. And like I was. So I'm sorry. But I had an infection. And when I was leaving the sheet, the cover actually got stuck to the tip. Oh no. Oh horrible. And when I went over, it's when it started to pull out the scat. So it's kind of my father. Whatever. He had to bring warm water with the whole bed. Try to soften up the scat. Oh, poppy. There is nothing worse than that. I mean, talk about barbaric. I didn't really think about it until you enjoyed talking about it. Oh, you guys said how barbaric it was. I believe me. George, you just made me smack my, uh, culture open again there. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Anything that could happen to you is much better than that. I mean, that was horrible. Well, that's about it. I hope you feel better. I actually lost you. I was wondering what to make. Oh, I wish. Okay. Thank you. 560, 50560 pound five 60. That's like that kid in Rochester that they got his skin frozen to the pool. Although I guess he got his pool frozen to the sheet or something like that. Even worse. 560, 50560 pound five 60 on the AT&T. Why was science? We continue rolling along. Singin' a song searching for somebody would like you larger than their foreskin. Here's Pembert Pine. Hello. How are you doing? Okay. First off, you know, I hope you start feeling better a little bit there. You know, I know what it's like to be. I have the runs and stuff like that. I just imagine what that's like. I don't have the run. What are some say? I could just imagine what you're going through. I mean, I know I have problems with the runs, stuff like that. But I always, what I wanted to talk about though. Firstly, you know, you're talking about the people who don't go into the Panthers Games, stuff like that. Yeah. I would love to go to the Panthers Games. But there's no way I'm going to pay that type of money. Just not even get neither the ticket, but begin in there. You're going to get something to eat, departing. What should I mean? Well, I can't say the answer to that. I give up. By throwing the towel is nothing I can do. Whoever's going to show up is going to show up. And there's no point in lecturing people and screaming the elephant about it. Especially when I get my tickets for free. There's nothing I can do. It just is very depressing to me to go in there. The ambia. You can't complain about the ambience because there isn't any. I mean, you can understand. If you want to make it in the money, you're making or you won't get in the tickets. They're like, I'm not even sure. Right. You know, making. I don't understand that. But you would think that there would be enough different people. Do you follow what I'm saying? It may be a few way to like four or five games a year. Well, it would be a lot different people, but they're just aren't. There's just no base for it here. Yeah. I mean, I can afford to probably go to like two, but you know, I mean, I enjoy. I kind of like to go to the heat game, maybe, you know, not the new arena. I go to that, but if you order it or any of my that, but there's no way. I mean, you get ripped off with the parking in the food. That means absolutely ridiculous. Yeah. $20 to part of your pro player stadium. I mean, right there. I mean, that's that's more than what it cost to go to. Marlon game itself. I mean, that's what I've stood up to a joke. But, uh, all right, I have a good weekend. And you too. I love you. See you. 560, that's the averted that we've had 50,000 calls on that. And they just, uh, they can't handle it. They can't take the punishment. Plus, they're sick and tired of getting the ass cramps and without the M. Every time they eat a meal in that place. But that must have done me some real good. The other night. What the hell night was that Wednesday night? Oh, brother, that Washington game. I was just rushing over there after the CAT scan and I get in there and that, that fully cheesesteaks. And I was like, oh, God. Man, I see my, my golden retriever deposits things in the backyard that look better than that. He's so cold, fully cheesesteaks for 65. See, one thing about people like Wayne, no conscience. He doesn't carry the grave robber. He just, just coming to God in place. And then he, you don't have a big sack. They're just throwing your money in there. You know, you jewelry, your watch, your rings, whatever you got. Just throw it in there like into contribution. That's a ratitude. Here's water, he'll hello. Neil, yes sir. I am sick of these people in Florida. Throw what you want to do and say, I am fat this hell. And I'm five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty. But I tell you one thing, your material is really weak today folks. I mean, really at an all time low. All time low, desperate, just tragic. Here's a mobile in Fort Myers, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Have you seen the real world road rules challenge? What's that? It's they kind of go against each other. They do stupid little things that when he trade money. Me and on MTV? Yeah, on MTV. No, I don't watch them. I never watch MTV anymore. Never. They brought me. I despise MTV. Well, they brought back some of your favorite real world people. So I thought you might enjoy that. Like I said, I better start if Abe is back. I'll start watching again. You there. All right. Like I said, I love MTV. It's my fact I'm turned it on right now. Yeah, let me ask you a real quick question. Three, thirty, one. Yeah. About Amsterdam is, is the march a good time to go? No. About April. April would be better. March is quarter and hell. Why would you want to go in March? I don't know anything about it. I promise. Well, the climate. I mean, it's never like other than like Julian and July and August. It's a pretty cool place. So if the weather is important to you, I would not go in March. I'd go like in late April would be good. What, where do you stay when you go over there? In a hotel. Which one? What difference does it make? Hey, can I get a shameless request? What? No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, see? I mean, they can't even tell you why it makes a difference. What difference does it make? Does he want to stay? He wants to sleep in the same bed? Okay, I'll leave some coolies behind. For your next time. Okay, sir. Yeah. I'll leave it a positive for you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump, 5, 60, 180, wireless line. I'll leave it a little something there for you. A little souvenir. Oh, God, all mighty. Here's Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. God, Neil. Yeah, I got an idea for you about the phone system over there. Maybe you should charge these. Don't ask callers if they don't have anything smart to say $1.50. And then maybe, you know, you can sit aside a little bag and throw those all around. How about five bucks for this one? How's that? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump, 5, 60 on the AT&T, wireless line board. You sure got a lot of lifeless whoolios today, you know? Must be taken that they offer. Waitin' for grandma's heat this so sure you're up there in New York. New York. Last time when eat this. Oh, don't say that. Jesus, correct. That sounds dirty. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Just keep puffin' it. I'm just gonna give the numbers up and put online for. That's all. Put it down. Put it down. Put it down. Put the knees. How much should they cut? Your knees can't tighten. Fparents. Fють. F部分. F I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I like that number one with six bullets already. All right. Put that Ricky Martin to show him that panty. 126 at 5. 60 WQM. 2AM drops the green flag with muttersport Saturday. Oh, Jack. That's six with chokeestello. Well, here. On sports radio 5. 60. 2. 8. Florida sucks. Florida sucks. Florida sucks. Florida sucks. Florida sucks. Florida sucks. Florida sucks. Florida sucks. Florida sucks. Here, here, you're gonna die, there. Why the hell don't you go home? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And that's all that we're waiting. We're waiting for you. Oh, back to you. We're with your pop-up. Where you can play in the mud. We'll pack your reason and relax. We're gonna go away. We're all fed up. Oh, alien. I'm going to listen. I don't think it's all home. I don't think it's all home. Alien. Go home and leave. I don't want to go back. I like shopping for free toys, better. You've got your pop-up, mom. You sure? Enter thinking of yours. You've had your phone. Start attacking. So they can get you out of here. Is that the point where we can stand in? Yeah, but funny, that is all. Above all the Jults and Dragers. The root foot just does this all is all. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. There you go. Why don't you go home? There you go. There you go. Go home and leave on the low. I don't think you're going to look. They're giving away 3-8 green cards. Can I have one? Bye, alien. I'm going to have a great life sweet out. Audio, zero ghost, 132-5, 60WQM. I just heard a room where the grandma was already in the home. That's a room where I just started. Huh? Hey, listen, why not have some excitement here this weekend? 5-6-7-0-5-60, pom-5-60 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. Your condition is stress related. Most people these days, it's going into their back. That's why you're seeing all these ads for acupuncturists and chiropractors. Yeah, I had it. It went into my back. I couldn't walk. I couldn't work. I went to the doctor. I couldn't walk. I could only stand up for about 15 seconds at a time. That's what that the pain was. I went to the doctor for the co-act first. It gives me some muscle relaxers. That worked a little bit of course. I didn't feel anything. Then you started giving me steroids. That didn't help. And then I'm saying, you know, well, maybe I've got MS or look Gary. Right, he's just like that. See, see, this is the way it is. You always start panicking. Yeah, that we were, you know, assuming the work because you don't know what they're looking at. And that just makes the stress worse. Right. And then you pick up those medical books and you start reading. And you say, oh, I got that. And then it's stress gets 100 times worse. Because you assume it's like some horrible thing, like a 40 pound tumor. And I was very lucky that I found by accident a book by a doctor who discovered this actual syndrome and what it is that it how it managed to best itself. And basically what makes it go away is just knowing that eventually it will go away. That's that's for the most part the tree. But his name is Sarno. And the book for me. Are you Sarno? No, I'm not a book out. No, Sarno with an O at the end. Sarno. Okay. It was called mind over back then. But he speaks about how back in the 50s and 60s remember when everybody had allsters and they were drinking butter milk and all that. Right. That was, it's the same thing. Some people get it in their stomach. But think of that what these cracks, they stick a pipe up inside. Yeah. Right. Basically, they didn't find anything. But they can't tell you, well, you know, there's nothing. It's my age. My age. I'm glad I had all these tests. Because now that I know that I'm there, wonderful shape except I feel like cram. Exactly. But they don't really what they should tell you, you know, there's nothing wrong with you. We don't know what it is, but then they can't justify the bill. So they put this ridiculous name on it. Irritable book, Power Syndrome. Yeah. That's a nice ring. What does that mean? Yeah. By the way, the one good thing in all this literature that's been in fact to me. So, you remember one thing, Irritable Balsendrome does not pre-nispose you to more serious disorders. So, if not like you have this and if you can't clear it up, you're going to want to dial over here. It's not the evil thing. Exactly. And trust me, what will make it go away is just knowing that it'll go away. It's got nothing to do with what you're eating or anything else. Right. I'm just picking a few months out of this place would help. And for getting well, you can't eliminate stress. If you got out of that place, you'd have to drive home and that's more stress than even being at that place. So, you know what? I don't mean just the way out of them. I mean, yes, thing out of here for like, you know, five, six months. Well, that might do it. That could have definitely been okay, pal. Thanks. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line out of town line 87775 Neil, 87775, sixty, sixty, three, forty, five. I feel better already. And of course, I'm planning on taking off another seven months, just like I did with packs and might have held nine. Why not? Jericho, do a real good job. For five, six, seven, five, sixty's got a point. And pound five, sixty on the AT&T line, eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, sixty, three, forty, five. Here's Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. No, listen to your show and you're so full of it. Okay. Boy, they're good. I'm tired. They've saved the best for the last part of this week. I'll tell you that. Make no mistake about it. You talk about the drugs. Whatever you scrape off the bottom of the bowl, you know? Which I don't clean toilet bowls myself on my maid. So whatever she scrape away off that way, right by the whole air. So to speak, right by the whole. Back to them. That's what we got today. Here's the rail. Hello. You know what? Following those two calls, this is going to be a great point. Please, God, please go back to no phone call. I just made that. Now that I've seen one of the reasons that I haven't done any days like that is because I haven't been feeling that great with this stuff. And assuming the worst and not know what it is, but now that I know it's just a little irritated irritant, I just might do it because these people, I mean, I must have had 500 calls today. They put them together. They were worth a quarter. I have three years down here. And I've been listening to you two years from Detroit. And I'm embarrassed about first of all about the Detroit hockey fans that call you an act like idiots. Yeah. But second of all, there's only one. Well, but second of all, to listen to all the idiots in general, it's amazing. The mentality down here is, or the other. They have no material. So their idea of a call is to make some kind of a shot at me. And like I give a crap. I couldn't care less. Well, I couldn't. They would be astonished to see the amount of the paycheck. I get twice a month. They'd be shocked. They would be in their pants. So if they think that I give a crap what they think, I couldn't care less. I, you know, to follow those two calls, I could have said it here and burped on the phone and then went on the phone. And when a gigantic improvement, that's right. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen to that. Let me go. God, love you. Have a great day, Peter. See, there's a guy released there. We've had a few. We've had some reasonable people today. Tenters 15. And it was had 100 assholes. Which is the thing is about the softwater ratio anyway. No. I guess it is. I found my check. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I see this is an excuse for no material. It's like they got a call earlier. Give me a lecture about how I talk about hockey, how I said it. So what do you want to talk about? Like that. How about auto racing? Like, you'll castel up. Is it real balls on guy? 22 before two with 5, 60, W to kill. I wonder if he worked here anymore. I haven't seen him in a cool stage. You're still hanging around here just coming into pick up a paycheck once a while. Of course he's coming in to get to prep the studios for tomorrow morning's auto racing show. It's just a clock tomorrow morning. You're a castella. That's what he's ready for. He's going to have Jeff Gordon in there with him. Or on him or something like that around him. Wow. The Panthers take on the fractures in it. Oh, god. Join the new boys of the Panthers. Check me done. For the point, hit the ball. He'll run the molar for the action. And there's previews. Starts at seven. Here on Sports Radio 5, 60 QA. This is the Neil Roger show. This is a brave. Any question? Find you paper a lot of extras when you fly with most airlines. Like torture is headset. Watered down drinks and discurveyers service. When we hit at cattle car carriers and eliminated all of those costly frills. To bring you the lowest airfares in the history of aviation. Fly to Europe for less than $10. Or cross country for just $1.49 restrictions apply. Fly our first class service for interior accommodations. Business class and ride with the luggage. Oxygen expert. Or fly economy and know the thrill of the jet stream in your head. Help me call the car carrier. We're just a cheap man. Can't help call the Panthers. We're cheap. Because you are. We're just a few. We're just a few. One, four, three, five, six, you got to be coming to speak of that by the way. That new Las Vegas National Airlines is starting January 27. How can I just talking about that? Looking forward to going to Vegas over and over and over and over again. Are we doing it? Oh, yeah. God, I love Vegas. So let me ask you where's the good restaurant out there. Which is the best seven 11? Do you like to warm it all with glitzzy or sign up there? And then at McDonald's for the glitzzy, the little Panayana, you know? Neon Dion. Oh God. See, it's just, it's just, it can't relate to what it doesn't compute with me. It would be like, all the different places that I've gone. We got our plan. You go to Helsinki, Finland. How many of you have been to Helsinki, Helsinki, Helsinki, Finland? Five, three of you? But I don't want to, I mean, you get a book. You get some travel books. You read a few things. What hotel do you want to stay at? But I mean, I wouldn't even think. I wouldn't dream of running around asking people stupid questions. Making myself look like some kind of a lending. Oh gee, where would be a good place to eat there in a restaurant? Oh. Where would be a good place to stay in a hotel? Here's a facts from Julio. That's his real name Julio, who says, I've been listening to you show for the last few months. It amazes me how the majority of your college care about things that have so little importance in everyday lives. Whether or not alien stays, Bill A.L. I.E.N. is irrelevant. How about the media and our community focus on something important? Like what's happening with our Florida highway pigs? What do they do in accusing two innocent people of causing collision on a major Florida highway? When the fact it was a broken FBI agent driving on the wrong side of the road, it's sort of what's so on. It says, not one caller has even mentioned this and that. It says, I say, blocking traffic is so cool to those idiots who are doing it. We stand in a little of an of block their traffic and shut. Cut the crap send them back. Nice going, Julio. Cut the crap send them back. Oh boy, Monday no calls by the way. Have already decided that. Huh? All right. No serious. I'm not taking no calls on Monday. These these callers today, between having a big and pleaded and push. And then 80% of what we come in here has been pure. I'm not going to ruin the show with that again. You destroy the show. You're not funny. If you're taking a shot, it's not going to get on your anyway. And just wasting time. That's all. You just killing everybody's time. Which of course, in South Florida's what they do best kill on a good time. You want to have a good time. Can't do it. It's Florida. That's why we can't have casino gambling here. We can't be like Vegas because everybody there's having a good time. And that's illegal here. It's unconscionable to think that we might have a good time here. I'm accepted. We got to have riots and protesters and bop bop bop bop bop. That's right. That's a good time here. Like they're having a party out there in a goddamn street. Everybody else's life is miserable as they possibly can't. It's either the MRCO, farce making everybody's life. It's the most they can like one of our first colors in today. Walking around with a perpetual skull on their posts. Wanting you to be just as unhappy as they are. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Mr. Rajesh. See how you're doing. I'm doing much better sir. I usually don't call talk stations. But listen, I'm it's unbelievable the quality of your colors. I'm the label. Yes it is. And I'm from the Amsterdam area. So this would never happen in Holland. Of course not because you've educated people of you. Not a bunch of numsco. Not a bunch of idiots. But anyway, I just want to make one comment about sports in the US. I travel a lot between Holland and Florida. Okay. Don't you think it's a social and just to pay somebody in support. 17 million. I've been saying that for years and these people, these people who are obsessed with this. They disagree with me. They didn't get it. That's why people complain that they have to pay 20 dollars to park their car and $50 to $50 to the car. They have to subsidize these idiots. Correct. But you know what's going on now in Europe we're talking. They want to change the system and pay a certain minimum salary to the players. For every game you win, you get a bonus. And for every goal you score, you get an extra bonus. Because otherwise people kind of thought going to games and they don't want to pay $15 and $20 million or guilders to support. Sports should be sports and it's not a business. And I'm not even more interested. You want to go to the game with the families. Right. But to pay, I just write in a newspaper here. You pay $117 million for what 10 years or eight years. A guy to catch a ball. Right. I mean, this is, any pay a school teacher or $40,000 a year. Correct. And then, I wonder why we have a bunch of functional illiterates running around. A bunch of dummies. Which you hear on the show every day. But something else. Next time when you go to Holland. Yes. Call the C, you're in a first and the clinic and answer them. Okay. The academic hospital. Right. You probably, which you're health insurance from the US, can go for free examination. And it won't cost you a next time. I'll give you the number of very good doctors there. Okay. And who's a very good friend of mine. And he won't charge you and he'll... And get a second to peeing in Holland. They're very good. Yes, they're. And you know, they'll tell you the truth. And they won't overcharge. And in this case, even I take care of that. That's the one question we sent. Okay. I'll get what you're vaccine, sir. Uh, 305. 650. 650. 0198. What are you going? What am I going? A couple weeks. Okay. Don't go now because I just talked to it five degrees above zero. That's okay. It's raining every day. That's alright. It's okay. It's raining every day. That's alright. It's okay. And tell your customers the best time to go to Holland and to Amsterdam. He's the first from the first part of May. Tell you October. Yeah, I tell you, middle of August. Right. All right. Okay. Don't come out. And what seems to not stand on? Okay. And try to get some quality colors in. Yeah. Don't hold your breath. I'll see you. Okay. There we go. There's a dochman. 560. Don't say dochman by the way. They get very upset about that. I told you that they don't be speaking to German and Holland. They get real, real, uh, psychotic about that. Not that they take it personally, but they do. Here's a pep. Hi. Hello. Maybe how you doing? Okay. Yeah. I just tuned in a little while ago. And I heard someone mentioned Dr. Sarno. And I had read the book. I had a screw shading back pain for three years. Right. And a day and a half. I was cured by reading the book. I had three epidural injections. And I had an endoscopy, you know, minor outpatient surgery. And then I read the book and exactly what this guy is the same. He's an outcast in the medical community. It's a $56 billion industry with pills and surgeries and everything. And it's basically stressed. And like he says in the book with the person said he doesn't mention about the ulcers. And if if back pain was degenerative, it would be as you get older in your 70s. Only 2% of back pain is in people in their 70s. It's really in the responsibility. Here's between 20 and 35. It's more obsessive, compulsive and perfectionist people. You know, where you got to provide and you try to, you know, be a perfectionist. So on this, it's stress. It's all stress related. It sounds exactly what you have. Yeah. If anybody has back pain, please before you go into the surgeries and get hooked on all these pills. Please read this book. It's got three different books. You can get it at Barnes and Noble. The guy is the saint. He was on the Larry King show. And that's where I saw him and Howard Stern was a patient as he's cured. Oh, yeah. I did see that. I saw him on there. Right. Yeah. I mean, that's where I saw it. I went out and got the book. I'm telling you. I'm free of back pain. It's like a miracle. I mean, everybody, when I told my doctor, they're laughing at me and then it's so on, but they can laugh all the way. But I'm off pain medication and I have no pain. That's all I count. Okay. Thanks a lot. I'm going to be for two at five 60 Q a m. This is five 60 Q a m. Can manage to offer sports. Yes, right here. I'm for three at five 60 Q a l. If Friday you ask me. Keep the body of your bones. How many drugs did you take? Two, three, four, four. They must have a good people to run. And get your tablets, friends. You're a young. If you're that, you'll stay. Don't get shy. Keep your bones. Here's another million from the end already. You want to be the president. You've got to be the role of the band. We're the roles that you know about. You're a big power band. You've got to stop praying to make it. You have the country full of joy to play. Yes. Keep double your food. I'm going to get my half-for-two day. Keep your bones. Keep your bones. I'm so proud of you. I'm so proud of you. Keep your bones. Keep your bones. Keep double your food. Keep double your food. All day. Keep your bones. Keep your bones. Keep your bones. When you hear the sound of a dim set I'm in a crowd, you can stay and keep that I'm in a crowd, you can tell that I'm in a deep and deep I'm in a crowd, you can tell that I'm in a deep and deep Probably, 157 at 5.62, I'm handsome in the building Have you been along a tour? We got the books, you're briefly, and we got the path to game Added Landed and I should be a piece of cake 7 o'clock free game, game time 7.30 What am I doing? I'm doing a hallendale, hello? Yes sir. How about those coffins? Two of them saying? Two of them? That got waited for several minutes to come up with that. Very good sir. Of course if I were in a hallendale, I'd probably wouldn't have Went to your leader. Here's a mobile and sweet water, hello? Hey, New, what's up, man? Yes sir. What's up with a bomb movie? I think you need some upre. Here's a four miles, hello. Yes sir. Hey man, this is typical these last two calls. We're going to get these idiots man. Right. It's quite a nice place. I mean, all you schmucks out there and South Florida, you really don't know what you have here. No they don't. They're held by destroying the show. That's all they know. Yeah, well I'm over here in the west coast. That's all I got is that. I mean, there's arrested stuff as all toilet flush. But I tell you what I know is getting time for you to get ready to go. But you know what I was like? Yeah, thank you. Anyway, I was talking to, I mean, excuse me, I saw this MSNBC pain. Just briefly here to city lawyer for brothers to the rescue. Yeah. You know, and she's like saying, I don't know the US government is just trying to appease this time and over here 90 miles away from the United States and all this stuff. And I'm out of grandma's going up to New York. Yeah, there's more going on. Right.