Am I amy for Loderdale presents the Neal Rogers Show? Oh, what? To talk to Neal, call 567-0560-tole free for David Rowerton, or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neal his guests, callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, Beesley-revacquisitions, or the Beesley broadcast group. Now, Neal Rogers, on Sports Radio 560-QA-M. Play all the... Play all this. And now, Philly and Frigerell Davis, it's Troy, Aiden, for Campbell's Chunky Soup. Let's take a call. Hello Troy. Hi Mom, don't worry. I'm eating my Campbell's Chunky Soup. I don't care about the damn soup. What? Did you find a nice girl yet? Mom, I told you. You haven't none of them sending your panties to the house. You could at least humor one of them. I told you my best, but more is the truth. Is that Dan? Don't listen to your father. No one to shut up. I didn't make the boy that way. Must have been your mother, Martha. Always bring it over them. Take muffins. She's cooking. Don't listen to him. As long as you're happy with a nice girl, that's all we care about. Mom, no but. Okay, well, thanks for sitting in dry. But, you might not sit in so close. Join us next week. And don't touch me. Terrell Davis returns. All right, happy New Year. Here we are. Oh! Can't hear the overhead to good. Oh, there it is. I'm gonna have to attend. It's January 1st, two goddamn thousands. Oh! Yeah! Made out my first check of the New Year this morning. I'm a computer. And it said, January 3rd. What did I just say? January 1st, whatever it is. I got the date wrong, but I got the year right in a century to January 3rd. It said, you turned 2000. Oh! Look at like that. No problem. Coming here this morning, we take a look at our DCS. Our most important computer in this room. And generally speaking, generally speaking it was okay. It just had a little bit of a, Eee! Good job there, but it's okay. A little grits can be a bit, but it's okay. Those phones are we taking phone calls today? Yeah! Yeah! It's fact this has got to be very exciting. Can you imagine the tremendous after three weeks of no calls? We got a rating trend in here, which thank God November was a lot better than the previous month. Thank God for that. See, arbitron, this happens about every six months. I think it happened back in April, too. Every single year, once and sometimes twice a year, this year we get a twice. Like the audience is vanishes. They just disappear. Does anybody believe that? No, but they just can't find a rod. And that's especially when you give the diaries all out in David that happens a lot. Now, the only thing about the phone, by the way, is story taking calls today and breaking our three weeks silence in a bargone telephone, because I'm in such a great mood. The only problem that is, does the phone work? That's the problem. Aha! See, I hear a lot of bitching from people about that new American Airlines, a carnival cruise line, don't get out of it if you've had your life arena. And people saying, oh my God, are all these things that they haven't finished, etc. And so on. And why should they buy a finishing at, by the way, there was nobody there by the time they came in at last. I'd not be an NBA fan. I really couldn't have cared less. But I turned it on, like in the middle of the game last. I just just see how many people really there saw a lot of at these seats. Opening night, holiday weekend, opening night of the brand new American Airlines, the Mickey Errson gets whatever you want to arena. A lot at these seats. And then what it got to the last minute, there when he made that big comeback, I just happened to be lucky enough to flip it on at that point not that I really care. Do I really care? No, but nevertheless, and it looked to me like a lot, an awful lot of people the sky's the Zempy brand new seats. There was nobody there by then. And then of course when they went over time and pulled away in Christo Orlando, did they Christo Orlando? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, him too. There was nobody there. Are you going to check online for? Would you please? I don't want you to be a line. Look at these people, are they anxious today? This is more calls. Line 4 is working or not. It is working. Let's hear it. All the lines are working today. No Y2 get a gay here. Problems here at QAM. The greatest headline in the history of the Sun Sentinel front page today. Seriously, this is the greatest headline. I picked up my paper this morning. I went my pants. And then I looked at the headline. It says, of course it's got a picture above Danny. What is arms out like? Yeah, he's affected the Sun. Danny's making like jeans. What's going on here? But anyway, forget about the fact that it's about the Danny or the dolphins around that. Forget that it's even sports related. The headline says, looking for a pulse. And I thought Jesus Christ 24 years I've been on here here saying that and finally somebody else has caught on. We've taken our gigantic stuff to scope from the sky and we've stuck it into the rectum of South Florida and the balls of this town. And we're still looking for a pulse. Can we find one? No, get the search party out. This is going to be exciting to see who the first call are going to be of the year 2000. What? What do you give me a look like that? Nothing, yeah, it'll be exciting. It won't be exciting. How do you know? You're so goddamn negative. How do you know? Just because we've been to the Sun for years and it never is exciting? I got all these numbers here and by the way, the babbling brook. She broke out into new territory in the 12 plus category. Under a one point, it also, and all these people around here in Sterego, Georgia, the Great Line this morning, a very perspicacious observation. Every time we get another rating trend, which they come out every month and then of course three months is a rating book. So this is like September, October and November. And so the whaffin, the 1799 on your dial, whatever the hell it is, that they were all psychotic around here, the sports nerds. They've been on your four months now that they show in this world, the last time had they shown in any trick? No, I am a sports nerd. No, they're the other shows. Those two live Jews in the midday. No, nothing. Nothing, one diary, not one glitch, not one nothing. Zero, Zimady Duda. And Georgia made a good observation. That is that the only listeners they got are the sports nerds that work here on this station. Which I say, Absolutely correct. Yes, sir. Those are the only people who care about them. Are the idiots here who are listening down here? Oh, yeah, but you know, those guys in the midday they're pretty entertaining. And they talk a lot about sports. And then at Jim Barry, you know, he's got a really neat mustache. And yeah, and your mama. This is going to be so good in exciting. When I punch up this phone now, the first call of a brand new millennium. And I'm not going to pee on your party. I'm not going to tell you it's not in the millennium. What difference does it make? That's only for no stickers in that pickers. We don't care. They had a million people up there on the foot of young street in Toronto on New Year's Eve. Million people in Toronto. Was I here? No, I was there of course. Because when you come down here, you're kind of like looking for a pulse. And I'm watching of course, like most of you people did on TV. I'm seeing all the stuff from around the rest of the world. And they start with New New Zealand. They're early in the morning. And once everything was okay in New Zealand, you kind of figured they're going to be too many glitches anywhere else. You know what I'm saying? Oh, yeah. Once you saw that, you kind of figured if you have an IQ larger than your little finger, that's a more going to be too many like madness problems. Of course, the man of state don't use our calendars who would have noticed. And then, of course, the Egyptians have got their own calendar and the Israeli, the Yiddilak. Everybody's got a different calendar. It's a man made artificial thing. But I watched all that could crap. And the media have squeezed and blood this and they're still bleeding. Paper this morning. All of this could be the day. And there are some minor glitches today. There haven't a few problems here in there with some computers. Of course, because there's 80 to 80 people with businesses with computers. They're fixing the can deal. Was there any need to have a big people hoarding money? No, water and battery? No. How many people by the way do you think are going to be trying to return bottle water their stores today, George? Yeah. Just like after their hurricane warnings, we get here all the time. By the way, nice going Spartans, baby. You can stay for some catering. Yeah. And as if that wasn't good enough, any SI did see. I did see the last tab. Believe it or not, my hotel room late Friday night was at Friday or Saturday. Whatever home I was. She wasn't ready. At last, when quickly, I was ready. I got a baby, he knew it after the official stadium plays. He didn't have many offices based on health goals. I mean, I didn't have a chance to have a home home, but I did manage it, knowing they didn't have a chance. I was choose to do a seat. OK. You know what, I don't have time. They often try to move around with the computer and בה Oh god Tommy, get you to a barber, okay or something like that. Man. Well nice going there, Tommy. Well I mean rooting for me, she can not tell you something just didn't agree with my system about that, but I had to do it. Okay, any moment now we're gonna take the first call of the year 2000. In just a second, can you can you feel it? The pressure has built up. Oh god, after a three week hiatus. Oh god, that's it. That's it. That's it. That's it. George has got his head firmly poised of it a garbage pale getting ready for the big. Roll, roll, roll, roll, roll, roll. Experience it him too. Maybe he'll not come back this year at all. Let's hope not. But we gotta do our business first here. Don't worry, you don't have a lot of business today because it's the first day of the year. How they're gonna be short breaks. What? What are you laughing about? Sure, hope we don't have to go to the bathroom at any point today. One minute, 60 seconds. I mean, I don't think you can do that. January, cured. Nobody wants to have their spots run today. They weren't sure if the computer will work out right. Hey, now that's the holidays we produce to that be expressed with the permission of WQAM, Beefly Reef, acquisition court. Another break already? I've been too lazy. Worma, I've been too lazy. Don't have to have too fond of being good to you. You're one freaking thief at you. I have bad, I have fun. That's where I was. Worma, they're in the mall. Worma, they're in the mall. Worma, they're nSUP free-ielen and junkers that don't run. Worma, They are here to these shops not for every kind of kind of community. Worma, they're on them and I've been with you today. That's where I was released today. I am going to go to bed today when they have a try. Worma, they're in the bus here and they walk around them. They're there to go front. What are you thinking about? Worma I've been here every storm and I can't find What the fuck is so pretty hard Too fine, charge it on Where's your new york? It's a flat, free storm But I'm afraid we're not at Every old swore but I've got a plan here I'll go shopping in Japan Cause I'm having fun and I'm smoking on More than 15 or 16 WCM not to worry though Beanie Babies in Hot Demand forget about polky man Okay, he's old me we got the beanie babies are making a comeback The people have spoken and they don't want to surprise they want more god damn beanie babies How do you like that what was he all psychotic about Frank was it about that the count is what yeah, what yeah about that and And as you work as I was what keep doing what you're doing keep doing what I was doing what what that spot In other words the copy was wrong no the copy was right Right the copy was right, but you're right so keep reading it the way that you're doing it with that lines cross stuff Okay, George is having a little bit of a language problem here this morning He's reverted back to was the native swahili I get it the people of Spokin didn't want to surprise they went more beanie babies that he liked that to my surprise Ty Inc. had stunned collectors by saying it would retire the beanbag critters But then announced that it would let consumers vote on what the company should continue pumped them out when it out pump them out That's what the public said 91% of the consumer suggested to travel to surfing at thai's website voted in the favor of continued production the company said something Skeptics had suspected that owner ty Warner plant all along the continued beanie beanie beanie's and some form Beanie up one was after all expected his factories next several trademark applications pending for beanie's with new names It's the spirit of pt barn and still lives where analyst Chris Burns said when the vote was announced How do you look even more publicity out of a foreign stuff toy? I don't know how do you look for inches? The announcement that made no mention to plants to continue making the toys and said expect the unexpected how do you like that? Yeah Exactly unexpected with your beanie babies So we got that all straightened out there with him because I'm trying to raise up here to take in this first call of the new year and a new millennium Yeah, straightened out. That is all straightened out wind and out. We got it straight now good 567.0560 boy sure feels good to be given those numbers again on it. Oh, yeah 560 on the AT and T line and we have the pretty much everything full on there except that out of town line I wonder if they disconnected that yet do think because I will three weeks we didn't use it probably known this cheapest outfit 877 every other line is lit except the align nine 87775 Neal 8777785 6545 like what we're doing for Myers you think they survived the millennium Oh, I'm they still on the map. Oh, they pulled out for trout. They're all gone Wow Here's our first call god almighty whoever this is they can write it down and your god damn diary a man Hollywood hello Hello, Neil yes sir. This is Richard from Hollywood. Yes Richard. I have to ask you something very important to do and Dick Brian thank you very much sir. I've been a hockey fan for over 30 years home enough about yes Okay, it's very important. I haven't been to a game down here. I went to a game when Burie scored four goals one Saturday Yes my question I know you're the assarity near the right score four goals is my first Can't come back game more than I'm television two by the way you idiots at sports channel you morons Oh Seven to five game that can force the whole way was unbelievable right my question to you is please help me with this Peter Warrell is it's he out there for a mute Yeah six shifts three times he fell down by himself. Yeah touching them. Remember that's a bit we say by clearance Thomas called token Yes, that's Peter Warrell. Oh my god. He'd be the token I guess you've got to be the tough guy right Well, then you had a good time pal. Okay. See you. Yeah. She I thought the first call was gonna be really special, you know And I I feel like a little bit of a let down I was like I was so pumped up and fired up and pissed off about this especially after seeing that our audience finally came back at least most of the November After that disaster October and by the way people are sure gonna have to go back to the drawing board again You and the other people up there in the end of the dial on Waffman who to Even I miss even the great dead man in the chair and his brother Fred And whatever else other two or three things he talks about didn't show not a lick not a not an inch not an ounce not a not a nothing not a wrinkly little crinkly here Not one of those either Well, I was pretty deflating I'll tell you know makes me wonder if I was doing the right thing there those three weeks I mean you think that maybe the first call would be somebody would say of course see we took that poll on Wednesday before the holiday weekend And it kind of like closed up there with like 60 to 40 percent in favor people saying 60 percent said no calls School the call and 40 percent said we want to call back we went here the call is and then as I started thinking about that Is I left here for about 20 or 30 seconds? I was wondering to myself you know how many of the people who were called it and said we want the calls How many of them are the colors? You know what I'm saying in other words was it kind of like not for the interest of the program is the program Or interesting and entertaining and better, but for our interest because we're selfish and even though we have nothing to say Kind of like oh, I'd by the way speaking enough in the say guess who's gonna be on Larry King with I you think she performed Blow jobs in a White House Me so for me Larry King has Monica Lewinsky on the night on CNN As if they have an embarrassed themselves enough already this last five thousand hours with this hysterical Millennium cramped There's have you seen any of that with this Jeff Green Blum Gold Blum whatever the hell his name is green Oh Terminally pseudo intellectual boring Third crap. I will say this there's a lot of interesting stuff that was on you know like the thing that you and I talked about an A&E 100 most influential people of the Millennium It was interesting. I didn't agree with a lot of it. But it was a pretty interesting And all these lists and I've got a whole bunch of stuff that I brought in here. It's interesting stuff But they had a discussion. I think it was on Saturday Saturday night With a Jeff a green whatever I can't figure his name on and a whole bunch of other boring people about comedy Comedy in the last millennium or whatever in the new set. I whatever was supposed I can't even figure what supposed to be about and there was nobody funny on there Was there anything funny that they said was there anybody funny on the panel? Oh, was there anybody snicker or chuckle or nothing Terminal So that wasn't bad enough. We got Larry King. Oh, it's big an Larry King. Yes, who he had on looking their ass Friday night in the middle of a go we go to New Zealand we go to Australia. We go to India He's got the dolly llama and Billy Graham you didn't see that Fly really I wish you could have seen the dolly llama. I mean you talk about crazy people Here's this guy with a bad haircut talk about Tom Brady. It's these Tom looks better and and he's in some remote place in India And there's like about a five second delay. You know when it was so trash kind of thing is always like a delay Well, there's like a longer delay than usual at Larry's in well, how you know since you have your own calendar Bye-bye. How do you think about this how do you observe this festival and he sits there in We have Go Like that you saw a Henry Kiss and you're on doggy downers. He's what he sounded like I have never seen anything so embarrassing in history my life Unbelievable the dolly llama and then Billy Graham who's faces like all doll ones out of guess he had a stroke who was stroking under something Unbelead nice going, Larry and speaking of India by the way New Year's Eve celebration as the ball Around up the thing whatever was as King Curry ran up yet. They sent King Curry to India and they ate him But anyway, is it the stroke of midnight there guess what song they'll start a plan Seriously honest, I'm not the mamba movement. I woke up Ryan's version unfortunately He'd be bigger over there by the way. They like the little short guys But mamba number five can you believe that a loop bigger hits India? I would just about peat my pants in fact That been worried depends all week in him and being so much. Okay, well, we took one call was it good? No, it's pretty a week Pretty weak I mean, you know, I'm in such a great mood after your well let's see how it goes. It's the first day of a little bit of a millennium Don't be a hard ass 40% is a lot of people to say they want to hear the show with a calls after all Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Good morning, you're yes sir. I've been here by the way back to you. I got one thing to say and I'll let you go No more calls Okay, I knew this was gonna be interesting experiment He's right at prove his case good job there two by the way sir Excellent job Okay, over two Over two five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t length See people are telling me oh no the call doesn't do a call I talk to you without callers the callers They're ones that spice it up, you know Okay, I'm waiting so far still pretty bland God damn it pretty goddamn bland Here's Miami. Hello Oh there we go all right I'm in the for once in my life. I enjoy it here's for me because he makes my case nice call on her any good Baba Baba Baba Baba So let me ask you what's your take on at the Crimson tide for next year 567.0560. Yeah, this is more like it. This is the good. This is what they want Fun for the people minded I'm gonna sit here and put my guts out talking for hours every day for this crowd Like it says on the Sun sent or right there in a front page looking for a pulse and by the way a little advice for you Since they built that nice new arena there for Mickey Harrison even. It's got a lot of problems and it's too expensive to park instead of and so on and not nearly finished Don't be going on those cruise ships. Okay. I mean, are you ever gonna learn your lesson? Oh, I keep telling you And you know something people that go on a cruise ship for their honeymoon or some other special event They deserve to get their vacation screwed up if they're that stupid you get what you deserve Because like how many times have I told you this you're a captive audience? Unless you want to go overboard and sleep with the fishes you're a captive audience. You can't get off So to speak and of course in cabins that small you probably can't get off Not even by yourself But we got these rocket scientists out there to keep going. I get off the plane from Toronto yesterday morning at MIA and here's an air Echruship has got a guy there with his big card up world-character of being carnival cruises Whatever sleep with the fishes cruises and a whole bunch of these people are flocking up to each one of these guys Expecting they're gonna have a great time. Are they gonna have a great time? No, probably not probably gonna be sorry as hell Oh, no, I don't put chronic sound here like Dave the cop give him off it. Okay. I like you Dave. You're a good guy But no, I don't want to see that that makes the case. I don't want to talk to chronic except the loop loop we already had him Nice going Eddie See a one this is we were worried about things that would change a lot in the new millennium and at least thank God Eddie is still the same no changes pal Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Any other you doing great? I got a comment in a question. Yes, uh, did you see the celebration England had they spent a billion dollars on that Tom at a dome or whatever it is. Yeah, I want to waste the money and I weren't up the only country that mismanaged his armone as well I mean even a little girl that had her on a CNN She said, uh, you know, it still couldn't have been more than seven years old. So you know this money could have probably been better Span going to the poor, but uh, you know, we're gonna go check out the dome anyways That's great. Yeah, here's a little girl. She got him one last little bitch I have a few smart you know, I mean she could point a billion dollars on saw. I mean I and they should the incident It didn't look good look cool at all. Yeah, I was typically but it's really boring. Yeah, it looks how well this bland It was originally all the attendance. They're probably a family Where did I go? Yeah, what'd you do? I went to Toronto sir. You're late Toronto on Teryl Got late at the warehouse is downtown it sweep Better meal. Okay And then I got up in the morning. I brushed my teeth. I took a couple of adville 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T where I was lying then I took a good coffee dump and Followed by the way speaking to that the most important news I have for you today, which I was unaware of thanks Dr. Dick My good friend Dr. Dick Pollacoff For telling me about Pepo Bismal because I had I've had this intestinal food that I've been telling you about for like days and day And it goes away real slow But I'm not gonna let that screw up my holiday weekend. I'm not going away But at any rate so I'm taking Pepo Bismal and thank God I get on the phone from Toronto I talked to Dr. Dick because he asked me to call him if I made it to the real life Which I did He says oh well, I'm glad you told me you're taking the Pepo Bismal because and you people out there who are gonna Redecrate your bar for the new millennium You don't have to go out and recover your stool no seriously because if you have like red stools and you want him to make black Stools in your bar Yeah, just cover him with Pepo Bismal because Pepo Bismal make your stools black Your charge baby. Yeah, thanks Dr. Dick And let's see then I flossed a little bit When outside and uh got Confverted by a bunch of homeless people spares and chains mister ain't no up here on here Well, they only spent got only those how much they probably spent up there too, you know They're a whole bunch of homeless people freezing their ass off on the streets like they're other good like this guy said, you know the important things But we don't care about that the crap. We're the world is big into crap 26 past 10 at 5.60 WQA and now how many cars were we and he was okay and kind of his own yeah He was sure you are the color of the millennium Oh, bar Great, but on a scale of minus the two. Oh, pretty good. He's okay. Okay Seminole I My name's Louis Bagel and this is my son number five. Oh Run Five everybody likes to eat corn be fun. Yeah, I like my bagels into poster But I very have only hammered Jesus, really not kosher. I love some to build our fish Oh good, today. She didn't like my fish Yamagas Marana Casha and master I eat prep lock and tender like pasta white fish Ellen but please don't walk like so big you gotta use the knife of course My um my it's all the lemme eat it but hey, the lack is not for you Your guy All Right oh I I think I'll be out of custody of two, by the way, as a matter of fact, plunging his brains out. But I missed all those great calls that I would have heard in this morning. So, oh yeah, they're going to be really great and looking for a pulse instead of what's going on. Play off my ass. What an embarrassment. What a bunch of choking and gagging dogs, Seattle, and Kansas City. I haven't seen so much backing into things since I was at that goddamn barrow down on South Beach. But that's for, well, I'll tell that story tomorrow. What did you do down there, allow to tomorrow? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, you were back to these phone calls. Can you feel the difference in the air? It's smell it. Oh yeah, but I feel a lot better about it. You know, I think basically what I probably do is some days I'll, I will and some days I won't, you know, like sometimes they do and sometimes they don't and sometimes it's just as well. Well, that's the way I feel about it right now. We've had three spectacular calls so far. And I would be surprised that that noise on the facemaking behind me right now is Carol, actually, our final totals from, uh, set a one. Let's take a look on here. It's in, uh, it's more crap from Gulfstick. Well, you asshole, it Gulfstick stopped waste at our fax paper or what? I come in here this morning. There's like 750,000 pages of crap for Hank and Ed for what, with crap. Oh, it's big and a wasted fax paper. Wait until you see this. Talk about being left out a little bit. See, we don't count. We're not to sports nerds. You're right. We're like, uh, we're just the here. We're the enablers. Wait until you hear this. You said that they Steve Gulfstick, you run into Millennium. Hot off the press during the late evening December 30th. You'll be one of a select few software to receive the very first newspaper, the new Millennium. Yaddy, Yaddy, and it goes on and on and on. And then here's another one. Joe Rose, you're running a Millennium. Baba, Baba, I don't know if the fresh, you'll be one of these select few. Jeff de Flores, you're one of the select few. I said it was so on. Did we get it? No. No. Do we get you, I say, today? No. They don't give a crap about us. It's quite the fact that I'm probably the only guy on the whole guy at the MC station that every Refrost USA today very often and we eat stuff out of it. But that's okay. We don't count because we're not a bunch of sports nerds. Do you people that you USA today? One good piece of news, by the way, from USA today. This is on. What they was describing December 31st, the last day of the last, whatever that was. And they have, in one year out the other. You know, this is in and that's out all these stupid lists. For example, in Bill Bradley, I'll check, camp, stupid things like that. In Billy Donovan, outsteeve, spriar. Yeah. Stick it in your nose, you were redneck asshole. Oh God. And by the way, speaking of redneck, I'm going to tell you right now. That's the Terry Bowden. If he didn't crawl out of a cave that whole Bowden clan. But at any rate, so way down on the list here, I'm reading these and they're pretty weak, most of them. But I'm way down there to bottom in for 2000 satellite dish out, cable. Oh, yeah. And I thought to myself, yeah, who have been here talking about that for weeks in weeks now, especially now that they have local channels on there. Say goodbye to your cable company unless you're close. You're getting that roadrunner. I'm not just having to check that damn thing out. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Yeah. No. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes. What if it take the big good caller? I don't know. We'll find out. Let me say, Rick, you do me a big favor. Can you call me an asshole? I need to get. He's an asshole. No, me. They told me that. That's what I just said about telling him. He's an asshole. Yeah. Can you hang up on me? Okay. There you go. There's another good call for it. That's the four for four. I don't met in the thousand. Now the other guy who was okay. The third was okay. You've turned 560, 560, 560 is we've proved my case once again. Thank you very much for doing this by the way. And don't stop now. And the out of town lines for Myers. Did they be there in the middle? Oh, for the first call from the West Coast for the new year. Nobody on the line on our goddamn mollo, which I know it's working. That is some slap and a post. I'll tell you that right now. Talk about on grateful bastards. 877-785-6345. They wouldn't have grandpa come in from the portion dial of four. Okay. 877-785-6345 on our world famous out of town lines. Which you don't have to be for Myers. It can be from anywhere over there. But here's your chance. We pay for it. And by the way, I don't want to get the clearance all up. So where's the goddamn schedule? How can I do a show without a schedule here for the rest of the day? Anybody ever hear of that? No. I never did. Here's a mobile-in-four-later nail. Hey, big guy, I have a new year. And send a user. I thought the American public would only suckers in the world. But I was watching they were talking about how. You know, when the first started in the New Year's past and Tonga, they're worried about like Indonesia because all the turmoil over there. They didn't spend anything on the updates. The whole problem Italy spent like a tenth of what the US spent. What a bunch of suckers. Larry King and all these guys on writing books about all the end of the earth. The end of the world. I don't know. Now, how come he doesn't, how come he doesn't enforce them to come back? And you know, Fesh up his other, we're full of cramps. How right? It was ridiculous. I didn't really fall into it. But everyone wants to know why it's a boy. The government that he didn't want to spend the space shut up because of the problem. They were worried about it and all this. And I think even the government fell into it. Yeah. Unbelievable. Listen, Neil. Did you get the end of your contract? No. What did I say was over in Italy? I thought you were some good move over that. Remember what? I'm going to do Geneva in New York. Yeah. Listen, I'm 30 years old, two years from now. I got the five-year plan. I'm moving the Thailand and getting the hell out of here. All right. Okay. There you go. Well, I was quick in the decisive 30 end. I just liked that. Very went. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pond, oh, here's a facts. Neil, you push the. I didn't think he'd given him a return to your callers. I paid my big bucks to hear you. Not some asshole shutting my phone or asking for a goddamn douchebag request. Yes, four miles to ride the new years, but don't tell anybody. We've already got too many of you. Uh, look at that. Smith head listeners. No, that's Schmidt head. Migrating over here. Keep telling him how Schmidt is. You're okay. It's Schmidt in four miles. There we go. Signed BR. Oh. Or BS. Well, here's a call from what does that say? I was supposed to be hard for this type of hard food. It says hard food. Connecticut. Hello. What's going on, Neil? How you doing, sir? I've been listening to you over here and I want you to internet and I just got some news from New York and that Bill Parsley just quit the jet. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's because they had that piece on 60 minutes last night. And his wife is a pretty excited about it. Oh, yeah. But I'm like Wallace. Yeah, I know you don't talk about support. No, I'm sure don't. Not if I can help it. And I'm on Michigan State, though. I'm on those Spartans kicking that redneck, uh, Gator and yeah. Yeah. You deserve it. How about my boy Tom Brady? There are Michigan kicking Alabama ZAS during overtime, huh? What's the story with your boy, Marino? What's the story with it, Marino? Like I said, we don't discuss sports on this show. Get ready to watch yourself. All right, guys. Everything okay up there, sir? Yeah, everything cool. You don't fall off from the rotten apple? No. Good. Everything cool. Okay. If you see Rudy's yelling at Julie any, uh, give him a big kiss for us. Don't know what he got. Right on the back of him. Okay. You're lucky, pal. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. We did it. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T. Why I was flying the reason I'm doing this is the first day of a new millennium. I want to see how it goes here. I want to give these people an opportunity to call us. There's a, we've been doing this now half an hour. Is there one person that even called it and talked about the tree we said it without the call? Oh, no. Nothing. When we were taking a survey last Wednesday instead of just giving towards their vote one or the other. They all wanted to give like a big song to dance. When we want to song to dance, they won't sing and they won't dance. When we don't want to song to dance, they sing, they dance, they sing, they dance. You know what I'm saying? You follow what I'm talking about? Yeah. I think the word I'm looking for is uncooperative. That's the word I'm looking for, which is a pretty shimitty way to be. Twenty one. By the way, speaking to Shimitty, how's Carol doing? I don't, I don't see you. I have these other factions that came through there. I didn't see that faction Carol. It's that one. So that's our final total, which she, she. Ha ha ha ha. Oh man. Woo! You know, I have one final thing to say about our center one fundraising campaign for 99. Yeah. Twenty one before 11 and five, 60 WQA. Please tell me I have the right copy. Yes, I do. Some words leaders, sports radio, five, 60, QAM. This is Tom Brucki. I'm busy news. We interrupt this program for an important news bulletin from our news offices in Miami, Florida. We have just found out that OJ Simpson's girlfriend is still alive. This is Tom Brucki. We are a tournament. Sure, we're gonna list that old program. Think how you do believe in the earth? I don't know. I'm gonna tell you like that. 1041 and 5, 60 WQA. Guess what I just got here in the mail. You probably already saw this. My annual Christmas card or New Year's card or whatever. Here's from my close personal friend. The great Dave Johnson. Look at that. It's his happy holidays, baby. Austin and Dave. And it's a picture Dave Johnson with the guy with glasses that is a bad Austin powers want to be. Look alike. I just go on our day. The first time I'm in the house of Ed Scott, Dave Johnson, who will be talking to on Kentucky Derby Day and the other triple crown races. If we make it the good Lord, Willon and Jerry, we're used to say, by the way, is he still alive or what? Anybody important die at a general's admiral's zoom wall tied, anybody know who he was? No. He did. And somebody else died over the week. Oh, I'll be at Richardson. Ali at Richardson, the former attorney general for Reagan, a one at the just said, when he told him that I mean for Nixon, one at said the fire archival Cox and he said, no, he said, you leave Cox alone. Huh? Here's a little belated, the season's greeting card open in the mail here from Jane Nelson, that fidelity federal. Sidelity federal? Who the hell is Jane Nelson? Is that the lady that I bought my house from, I think? Oh, I don't know. It's really interesting when you get cards from people that like you're supposed to know who they are and you're really not quite too sure. Maybe it's the Alzheimer's kicking it again. So let's say he died, Elliot Richardson. I think some other, some other people died, maybe he'll tell us. Also, by the way, if anybody was just that game last night of the heat game, we'd like to hear more of the bad things about the arena. Not the good things, only the bad things. Usually, I would say the other way around, but in this case, when it comes to Mickey Harrison, I want to hear only the bad things. Because nothing too bad could ever happen to him. Here is a man that gets a free pass from everybody in his town from the politicians. Everybody in their brother, the newspapers, Mickey Harrison, who's big business. His main business, which is the Carnival Cruise Line business, is sucking money out of the economy of this town. That's how he makes all his money. Tax free. Chips registry, Mars. Chips registry, Uranus. Chips registry, someplace else, so they don't have to pay tax in the US. And gets our scholarship a free pass from everybody in this town. And then they go and build a goddamn arena. And another slip and a port, by the way. I'd say they ought to slip it in his rectum. I'll be able to do what they've got in Carnival Cruise Ships. So if anybody wants to call and rip the goddamn Mickey Harrison arena or the Carnival Cruise Line, please take all the time you want. We'll even put the spots on hold. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. How are you doing now? Great. Having a leave. And same to you. I have a cure for infarmies. Yeah. You just got to watch the Peter Jenny's 24 hours special that they had. Peter Jennings was on for 24 hours. I don't know they could keep them awake that long. I was walking and keeping anybody awake that long. And the best line of the whole week in I heard. I was walking the Michigan Alabama game. Right. The beginning. They go the key for the game is to get Tom Brady off. Yeah. Sounds good to me. And I was like cracking up without thinking about you when I heard that like. Love that Tom Brady, man. But I came huh? Yep. I didn't think we could broke all the record. Four touchdown passes. 344 yards. That kid is awesome. You know what I mean? Okay. Have a great day. I'll get to this eventually. What was Amanda saying about Tom Brady last week? He's a very handsome young man. Who can't see that? I can see it. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. The world famous line. See there was no big deal. Those three weeks that didn't take calls. I'm still pumping the numbers here today. We finally big deal. We had one call out of Tom. And that was from Hartfolk, Connecticut. Did we get an out of Tom call from Florida? No. From Fort Myers, from Port Charlotte, from Naples, from the Yenemselt, from Sarasota, from anywhere No. From West Palm? No. So while I've been chipping and mowing and belly it, I don't know. I don't get it. So as soon as you start with the phones again, it's the same old turn again. Same old cramp. Here's a call in dear field beach, hello. Neil Yahweh. Yes sir. Neil, you're too. You're too. You're too. Happy 2,000. Neil, that's for the callers. I think just take less callers. Because it's not just keep all these idiots in a distance. If you don't feel like taking calls one day, don't take them. Yeah, like the normal maybe. Yeah, like the mall. Well, Neil, I wanted to talk about the Egyptian hijackers. Could you imagine being on a plane six, seven days? Eight days. Eight days with all these sand monkeys. When they got on the plane, it probably spark like hell. Yeah. That's right. I just traded two high for that. Yeah, I traded two high for just a bar. Soap to get those people on their crazy. In fact, the Indian government, I understood, was going to put kid carry on a plane to make them all scattered or run a hell off of this. How do you like the Indian government, by the way, giving into them. Remember that kept saying we won't deal with terrorists. We won't. Back and forth. And I think they were afraid that if they didn't do that, that right at the Astrocomitment, they blew the whole of that in plane up. Cable. Yeah. That's all I got, Neil. Okay, have a look at your. What's that by the crew cuts? Cablem. Maximum 675060, the bulk of Brian, the only one will get that. And Pound 5060 on the AT&T line. Lots of very bizarre mail here. Today really, cards. Here's a card. Look at is, you all believe who this is from. From my good, buddy Donna Tello over on the US coast over in Tampa. Donna, how did he even find out? No, this isn't, this is not must not be him. Season readings from Donna Tello. a tello who the hell is down a tello another another car from somebody I have no idea who this well we'll get to it eventually five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teeline here's hollywood hello yes sir I need how you doing great happy new year to you happy new millennium uh I'm a hot guy panther season uh tickle hold but I was split reason with some guys and my aim was on Saturday it was on tv he was on tv he was on a small bitch it was on sunshine oh they had a the Tampa tello case right it was on the on the this shot I don't know you I think that the small this don't you right I got a sunshine think sixty two the channel on them but I watch the whole game and it was on regular sunshine channel and did that and also on the the package of my point being this how come sports channel didn't have that game on I mean I realize that you're carrying most of the games I can't afford five games they're not carrying and as it turns out that was on a holiday when everybody would have been home everybody can't see the game everybody could have seen this and phenomenal popbell brewery score in four goals right that must have been a hell of a game I didn't see it I thought I might yeah you know I think they did it just a sound tickets because they had 17 dollars and they looked at it a paper 17 eight yeah yeah that's our biggest part of that's my little the point where they kept it up you know you think that I don't think that is anything to do with it I mean maybe that was their thinking but I don't think that no but it was a great game but I believe but it's still gonna get a riddle of that he's out there I was searching out there yeah get that word that you know whatever hell is named it yeah super I know he's one of letting her about that let's go Panthers baby of course those least have a little bit of a problem there in Buffalo sird and I put the happens to the best of us you know can't whatever you got damn night is that what they say in Toronto okay whatever you got damn night five six seven oh five sixty the vertigo sir we're almost through one hour and I last three weeks when I was doing this so we don't but we be going home right about now you know the last two weeks we'd be just about on our way home right now here's a mobile in four-laterdale hello yes sir happy new year man same team and I just want to blush on a couple of friends of mine that went out and spent thousands and thousands of dollars on preparing for nothing really there's so many gunna asshole would do that what kind of a smuck would do a thing like that what about a thousand dollars on what I got to be people out of generator cost five thousand dollars for this big diesel generator he's an asshole he went out and bought all these guns and ammo he's an asshole here we go he was buying his no wait or he went he's got a lot of guns and ammo maybe it takes a last one back go ahead he was taking the he's buying these military meals ready to eat the freeze dried food and crap he just went out of a moon and what did he think was going to happen what was supposed to happen I don't know man he had everything man he had like 55 young drums of the well like six of them to run the generator he thought he was gonna be without food and water for six months he's an asshole I got to tell you that a lot of people out there did that I was surfing the web and everything checking out all these light and take sites and these guys were just spendin so much money and there were so many sites making millions off the spot yeah that's good for the economy of the sex one oh yeah it's great and and I know even little people starving of course yeah exactly yeah much across New York to clean up cost three million dollars to clean up yeah thank you as nobody starving in Harlem or in the you know please add in the barri you got people waking up on the side of the street like a popsicle you know come on why do you got to understand the human race this is the way we do things we have to go ahead with our agenda you know whatever we think is important we want to have a good time we got to go and make a real godying glitzi like the did like I said about the British over there and no matter what else is going on we can't be worried about that we got more important fish to fry you know you've been a curse yeah two days that was a matter of me yeah the actual power looked real nice to all and people almost people around here yeah you don't want to go anywhere near there believe me just go to Hollywood you'll see enough frogs there you need to go to France to see French your assholes exactly okay well tell your friend he's an asshole you did do you have a happy there there you go I'm gonna say it again any of you people out there went out and got the bottled water and the hearted all the money that all these stupid things it's to change about calendar okay as far as the computer systems were concerned the big institutions like the banks in the government and the airline they had already tested these things okay oh I don't want to be in a plane up there at midnight at the stroke of a minute that was one of the best things that I saw they they they they they just a handful of planes in the sky as the stroke of midnight and of course one of the things that a lot of you great religious folks forgot about all you armageddon screamers out there you forgot that God forgot he forgot to tell us which time zone the apartment the armageddon was gonna come and that's right what time zone is the world gonna come into winning maybe in the zoo and their animals anyway let them eat their souls holes whatever it is stupid stupid stupid idiotic jerks man super suspicious silly people nationally syndicated radio shockjocks don's urbana bowl and Michael mirror oh my god that couldn't be the famous Don and Michael used to be on oh here and I OD and Mike oh yeah picked on a wrong person when they made the ruggatory on a remark to an official from a Texas border town that gained international attention when the side of the conducted city meetings in Spanish I'd like that we can relate to that the pair who hectored an else in the zoo city commission would then have seen with the scene comments and told the residents who don't speak English they should get on their burrows and go back to Mexico where the targets of a complaint filed Tuesday with a federal communications commission also commissioner florabarton and a coalition of Hispanic advocacy organizations are asking the FCC to sanction the media personalities the radio station and corporate parent infinity broadcast in corporate corporate corporate the horribly rude rude and cool comments that you animal in a mirror mirror made their august 17 phone call to city hall that was broadcast live the don and Mike sure is on forty nine stations nation why didn't that set is that set forty nine stations nationwide and don and Mike blow even he knows that that they blow what was the one thing we got done to run them all in here saying what's the one line he's got w i a d oh yeah he that was that was the only redeeming thing the don to run them all ever said w i a d oh I hate that station I was going to get on your burrow and get your ass out of town six minutes before eleven at five sixty w q m or back to the phone tonight you all like to call so we'll see another day you know that's where it goes come back for business another day here's Miami hello yeah happy new year and back to you sir happy millennium happy last year of this millennium right happy twenty is twenty first hey John Henry he's an asshole yeah yes okay what I must be crazy I must be not yeah well I wish you was crazy enough to go back to that other site the uh super fun site we would probably pass if he would go ahead and say we'll use the super fun site we'll clean it up and then we'll build a stadium who perform what all is that that means it's all polluted with all that stuff that was on the Miami river the site down down the other one other than but Centennial yeah and who's gonna pay for that well hopefully we get federal funds to help out oh yeah let me still go just pack of slimy sandwich man just say goodbye to John Henry you got it as Joens will say wave them by by anything else forget it it's not happening but okay everybody thank you right here it is it's only the third of January we're already saying goodbye to John Henry I'd like that see you John bye bye 10 fifty five and five you know we still have a schedule see this Christ what heartless bastard I'm not expecting I'm not expecting him to do what I expected clear it to do it for Christ he's wandering around here doing nothing they're all doing their shows out there at Gulfstream they're punching their brains out look can you imagine be folk don't you come to your mom to be lucky to have his pants still on that could be not a ghost dream five minutes before eleven and five sixty w q and it's twelve midnight December 31st and interior designer and a hairdresser discover the Castro district in San Francisco is completely devoid of people is it the work of Jerry Falwell or is there a Judy Galland film festival being held somewhere in the bay area find out the answer in the new movie starring Harvey fire scene and Richard Simmons in end of day opening at alternative theaters everywhere where did everybody go end of day okay this is the eight and five sixty w q and Peter Leonard's in here anybody in the building listing and matters that Peter Leonard or salesman is in a studio while the show is on here I don't want to get him in trouble or anything like that but God damn Peter Leonard is in here again God damn that I just mentioned that in passing get out of here happy new year get out go away happy junior boys he annoying we love me a lot of really good the professor is usual five six seven oh five six you left here from some people that were in that brand new american airlines are many things we're gonna hear from them tonight no some people around that awful carnival cruise that was supposed to go to Puerto Rico center I'm on we're gonna hear from them today no no because the colors like I've told it before they got them on a genderman so just go with a flow take it easy here's Margay hello happy new year to you new send you sir quick question about the hockey trade with the goalie does burn in have anything left and what are your thoughts on that what does he have anything left I don't know he's 36 years old I don't know if he's got anything left I have mixed feelings about to me it's one of those trades you have to kind of wait and see you know right because the warack was playing really good but but still he's always been a tease the warack he's got a lot of speed he makes a lot of it can never finish he never really does very much as far as scoring you've got seven goals burn it's got a ton of experience but yep that's right you're right maybe somewhere down in more you may go you sure can judge by the game you played on Saturday evidently I didn't see it but from all reports he was on over exactly and one of our y2k bit channel six during whatever they were doing Friday evening in all of our day afternoon they just kept running that crawl on the bottom of the picture there to go make sure you have to take a guess a plan for long and you know they were instigating what was doing his channel six whatever is in responsible for that should be signalling okay Tony cigarettes of course you should have been the tonial you have a good day third and back to you no serious injury Tony but look just on the side of the shoe this is warning god damn grave robbers exploit exploit exploit terrorized get people panicky and an exploit for all the can the best part of it is though most people much to their shagrin the overwhelming of the same people did we panic did we get some contact oh we were shouting get a bunch of money and supplies oh no so now we're smart in their dumb which we already knew five six seven oh five sixty look at us here we go we got four hundred open lines here again today it's back in your hands again this phone is instrument is in your hands here you go 40 percent of the people on the window they said we want the colors back we want the goddamn colors nail here's a mobile in 90 beach hello yes or yeah time call her first time listening happy new year sir great show yes it is American Airlines Arena I give it a D minus yeah and I'm being nice about it I was in line to get some food concession stand three minutes to half time went back three minutes into the second half yeah four half time to get towards a french fries at three twenty five yeah in order yes terrible terrible people are complaining no beer right run out of beer let me see how many empty seats were there like by the second quarter uh that really stumped Miami fans I hate to say it and I'm one of them but three minutes into the game they missed the best part of the game great game they came back at the end like they shouldn't have been there to begin with so close but everybody was leaving with three minutes to go yeah I saw that I saw the last minute on TV and the way it looked like 80 percent of the crowd was gone already at least you were absolutely right and it was before ten o'clock at night what kind of a pussy town is this it's before ten o'clock at night I realized that they're you know the holiday weekend is over but why do you show up for that long and then when they're making this big comeback all of a sudden you bail out I don't get it could not agree with you more ten minutes before tip off half of the arena was full that was really a sad decision like that yeah green arena when it saw seven done the only thing it makes me feel good there was no that's Mickey that's looking at those empty seats that makes me feel better you think well yeah at a no comment on that one yes I agree have a great day shall congratulations I'll be good to your team all right five six seven oh five sixty congratulations to us and by the way for those assholes who've been given me way back nineteen seventy six oh you'll never make it at you six months and it's done here we are twenty four god damn years later it's fat bag is still on a radio how do you like that that lady from the Christian coalition oh you'll be off anyway one you'll be off to anyone of course that was last January one was our off last January one oh yeah off for the holiday I was off I was off this January one too because it was a goddamn Saturday bitch but I'm back here January third man you turn that's right right back in the old stay here all you naysayers all you dummies out there if you don't like it find something else to invite away these arbitransit came in like I said before don't look like people there's bigger experiment over the it's like everything else he does okay he's got the mightest touch in reverse everything he touches turns the pure instant uh Schmidt that's right I was never seeing that to myself all weekend long it was thinking of different ways of saying that you know a boulschmitt Schmidt head but anyway look at the book dangles the battling brook I promised that I would tell you this three to seven p.m. by the way and I was going there hopper the fat one yeah I'm going to hopper the dump in uh I guess course that'll be over right now any day like this Sunday probably although they're playing a girl's team you know we got a shot they're playing a girl's team they're playing a choking gagging girl's team they might actually win that goddamn game on Sunday they got a shot and then look at everybody gonna say wow we were wrong you know all those people that were carrying on Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny yeah what are those assholes gonna say probably the same old crap what am I looking for brook dangles persons 12 plus I will say 2554 and I'd very important demo she made a little bit of a comeback from a point eight back up to a zero point nine hey culinary sweetheart you're the best on it you're on a roll I forgot to get your hunchback fixed I forgot that 12 plus which means the entire audience even old drunks which is probably the only piece people that would listen to that bitch oh I can't I can't get to here it is way down on this page is it on here where the hell is it oh yeah time with w w f e radio fade whatever the hell it is some spik station w i n z a n she went from a one point in the last run to a twenty eight nice going sweetheart really bad buddy gripping new ground under a one share in total audience they're on a 50 thousand watt clear channel station how do you like that or whatever you have queer channel 50 thousand freaking watch in the middle of the dial and all their day parts I forgot to look and reconciled because I like them I won't look at it because obviously I know what the answer is okay paint your like you're the turkey mod of radio man that's what you are here's a mobile and okay hello hi nail yes sir nail I'm a long time listener I'm a woman reprived to residents I wanted to be called alright and I would say we missed the neighborhood that I do lying you know no I know I don't know I don't know if I'm a normal girl to get it my life is listening we have her nephew in here for about a week and I'm worried about them because I don't know which direction is going the boy is 12 years old listening to show to and what to take dance class what do you think I think get him a nice pink corvette will be nice and he had a see that he took with him called I'm there yeah so just you know I want to share your input but she doesn't believe that she's got the radio on so I'm a big his editor for football team what do you think he will I think he probably likes to shower with the guys when surprised me at all all right they'll thank you you're lucky pal whatever you say oh here's our our look at that here's a stuff from Carol it's said a one as we wrap up the nineteen ninety nine the old Rogers said a one campaign it is asked here now she can't get this last week's spec total because they have a why two k-problem we may not have that number today but we should have it sometime between now and the end of time as we know it 88,670 without without that it does include money's received oh now I can hear this they received from the golf tournament 1350 bucks cash 1189 now the golf tournament was September 24th the famous OJ golf tournament September 24th and they had in writing that by it was 30 days after it was a 60 days well whatever I think was 30 days but nevertheless they didn't get 1350 on 118 November 8 of the 2500 they were supposed to get I'd like to know where's the other 1150 bucks huh yes girl and where's the other 1150 bucks that you folks told us you were given a center one huh of the 2500 Paul T. Buckstay were getting especially considering the fact that the radio station sold 110 thousand dollars worth of advertising for people who just got promos to promote that bogus golf tournament $110,000 and by the way none of the campaign is over did you want to be easily never said a check over here for center one no agreed no most of the other people who gave us money last year or should have been given no oh I just mentioned that in passing not that I want to sing your singer anybody out I do want to finger some people out yeah this is the singer is not pathetic you would you would think especially in light of the fact that the this golf tournament was so detrimental everything we were trying to do and screwed it up so badly you think that just a guilty conscience would have caused these people to write you know some kind of a yoke you only problem with that is this is WQM do we have a conscience no it do not be in our vocabulary even it's passed 11 o'clock in 560 WQM or second hour the normal any of man he was just like last year yeah it's and is it too many different no no let me see that still feels the same no bigger the way does it mean not till they fetch your glass I'm not a baby I found it turned a day and I'm can't do the claggap for me all you wanted to do is me not a baby but I'm really hot well we've become a must see you I used to be and there this cool project where you're the man he's the one you think of what you do to me remember that I'm pretty we put on a statue of a five to see okay that's it off pretty weak like I said well if they're doing that company never I wouldn't do this what he told you I'll tell you you probably got something to do with it that out of time I knew we heard from four miles today oh she what I mean all the money all these we're gonna this that's the one dead spot Western Florida I wouldn't give you a 50 cents for the whole god damn kitten kaboodle over the whole uh oh god deadly 877 785 6345 very simple what's that what are those 400 numbers again let me say it again here's a mobile in Marguer hello yeah new before my brand of respect New York we are a bitch panda just once here's my me be hello Neil how are you doing well I don't know about you but you shot like some stupid idiot that was for him I'm sorry well that's okay that's okay listen I've heard you talk about it for years and years new on for the millennium I went to Las Vegas with my family yeah I had the time of my life right the I stated to you I stated to Marage care was there for 10 days my father and law flew us all out there was 20 of us he was out there for 39 days Neil 39 days in Vegas how did you survive 39 days in Vegas what was he in panhandling no well no you know he's not he's not he's not he doesn't really gamble like that anymore you know so what they'll do for three now we saw every show we went to petrogens we went to the iphletower for dinner every night we went to the venitions the balagio we went to every party we went to every play we saw every concert yeah oh John Tina Turner the whole thing I thought that like this time was pretty good you know I moved from New York I thought so compared to here you get the weather you get the sunshine whatever well wait a minute limit the weather in the sunshine here and when that was after that well that's about it okay there you go but um last Vegas is waiting man you gotta look at the sun sent us your on a front page this morning it says looking for a pulse that's the headline yeah I had never been gambling before I went once when I was a kid at the home is and I played the slots which didn't have to go yeah there you go I went I went there you know I should let me pull out 500 bucks to spend you know and I'll see what happens I sat down with this guy you know my father and while we wouldn't we played a baco I won night yeah 37 thousand dollars you know 37 thousand 37 grand I did you did I did like I said let me just do that there you go yeah I wasn't that listen I'm going out there for Thanksgiving and I'm gonna go out there probably maybe two times you don't want to go out there Thanksgiving no oh so I mean if you want to go ahead but it's too crowded well it's a convention that goes on for business like I said you want to go there Thanksgiving there you go but he elicit thanks no that I think everyone should go there I don't know I think if you want 37 grand I think coming to be expecting you know my slice in the mail you know what I did tell me a slice I did pick you up something to tell you the truth I picked up a pair of crystal glasses from the balagio it's a crystal stem glasses it's 2000 in the stem yeah and I'm just waiting for him to be shifting from my bag is because we had so much stuff he couldn't we couldn't get it all over oh and here's the gear here's the capo when I get into South Florida yeah because we flew out of Tampa because that's where the family was we were all in the same flight I had to drive down Alive to Alive oh speed trap speed traps all day long so of course welcome to Broward County bingo here's a hundred and eight-kid dollar ticket so to the FHK FU and you know I love you okay by something my slice hold the pepperoni by the way you know the richest queen in the world I would have thought it was very delicious but the richest queen according to the USA today and other or no what papers yeah it's Toronto star I'm sorry the queen of Brunei he's worth 30 million dollars do you know that the queen of an Etolyn's queen Beatrix who's only like a figurehead she's worth 5.20 billion and that bitch the queen of England she's only worth like a half a billion 45 what is it 450 million? Piker how do you like that huh? Don't be frustrated that queen Elizabeth 450 million small potatoes we'd heart compared to queen Beatrix so there's a guy that said Vegas is pretty good I see I couldn't have said that just do I'm gonna show her by myself could I have said that by my son oh no and he said that he got a great McDonald's there and some seven eleven's enter and they got a wall greens and an accurate drugs I think here's for Lauderdale hello and thanks for playing for a plan to provide you with the answer okay love put me put on a whole that's my favorite here's a level of my palm hello yeah yes sir let me put it in a nutshell just like the guy who just hung up we don't have time to wait to talk to you yeah you know I'm saying I mean just don't bitch and moan about not having calls and then beg for them take one if you feel like it man don't don't drag the show down by look you don't drag the show down yeah I'm holding the show down the cow is now in a certain thing just remember what he said I'm dragging the show down yeah so stop it already yeah no I will stop it I'd be like that I'm gonna continue dragging it down in a show two five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t line we're still waiting online nine it's the same old crap we haven't been on an hour and a half yet you have a god time to call my big fat ass okay here's a mobile in top and a hello all the word does take email mobile in pop and a hello hello yes sir my aunt your aunt sounds like you I went to the glorious to find concert for a year's Eve was that in the new Mickeyerson arena and the Mickeyerson arena look at the year of the last May last May I pay $350 for two tickets 350 piece right first row up above the lower level why don't you want to go see that bitch well I love her oh okay it was a great chill fantastic but anyways came in got let down by an attendant to my seat right there right where they said it was gonna be and I couldn't sit there because they didn't ever railing put up it was about a five foot drop and it said I'm sorry sir it's uh you won't be able to sit here uh huh I said well where do I sit and they said well wait right here we'll get the director of operations in about 20 minutes later we said they're my lady in a gown myself and a touch veto and a director of operations for heat operations came and he took my tickets to these that I'll go get you two more seats and I never saw them again so what's on the show and the show started I just looked around and found the seat and set out you took your tickets and you never saw him every time again no he just took a me says I need I said well look this is my only proof that I you know I have a valid complaint already I need these to take uh to whoever and that's to me like you ought to join in that class action suit that the people from that carnival cruise ship that got be told in the real in screw it over you have just ought to join in with everybody's sumic years and sounds like the man sounds like a hell of a good idea there was a collar on the first uh team this morning that said the play bit it's full of concrete dust that you look underneath uh where you in the seating area and it's there's a little bit of there's another class action suit concrete dust bad for your lungs baby they're actually it's they shouldn't have they weren't ready to open and they pulled it off because Mickey don't want to lose the moment either tonight is WWE F raw unbelievable thanks for the good news palms that literally time okay that'll teach you to go see that bitch glory as the pond by the way okay we got 60 look at that 65,000 open lines in the board I'm gonna drag this show down again that's right again and again I'm dragging it have we had a woman call in 2000 yet by the way oh no not one lady we've been on our 20 minutes already is one lady called up to say happy new year happy new millennium anything the pleasure even unpleasant anything at all no see this this is that you either get what I did the last three weeks which was my concept of doing an entertaining interesting show or this there's no in between there's no happy medium that's the way it works in a stone product and polka men the squeeze them just like the son sent me'll say looking for a pulse oh whoever's responsible for that headline you should get the Pulitzer Prize man greatest headline in the history of this town if the frufe it's faded here's a mobile in poppin oh hello you can change it from an SLL it is CPR yeah it's that bad listen Tampa five dead you hear about that one yes it's ratison huh not very healthy not a good ending new year yeah exactly uh it would be a look to me like the suspect I could be wrong but I saw this picture among the papers over the weekend look the dark-complexed suspect he was human actually he was human he was he was he was he thought he was a dark human he thought that isn't home for he could adopt our Cuba with a gun that's the worst kind yeah yeah you want to make sure it's out there I didn't say anybody get shot over the weekend in Toronto I'm sure that there must have been one or two but not like here I got it I got to go okay five six seven five six the pound five sixty on the AT&T line and the out of town line line nine I think we're going to disconnect that that's what we're going to do this year when it's not just the Yankees out 87 seven seven eight five sixty three forty five even in Palm Beach they don't they don't care enough to send their baby oh but it's the first day right after the new year holiday all this long you have no right to an SSR I do this is that you got all this pent up so all the white two case stuff going on the opening of the brand new arena that kind of will cruise disaster all of these things that have been going on now been away here from five freaking days okay all of these things like I just said they still got no verbal inner course although we want to hear the colors though that makes them more entertaining and you're dragging them down whatever it is that's bad in the world just remember I'm responsible for it just keep that in mind here's plantation hello hello yes sir are you doing today now great so far so plantation acres resident all right it's something on the website for swan magazine which incidentally I read every day now that one time you had mentioned it actually mentioned a few times they had the winner of the Darwin award announced today right so award given out to those who die in the most extraordinarily idiotic manner the winner this year was a group of Palestinian terrorists who had neglected to note that Israel had made a premature switch from daylight savings time to standard time due to religious holidays they were planning on bombing a site in Israel they prepared the bombs in about a thousand controlled areas set them on daylight savings time all right the drivers had switched to standard time they were on route to the bombsite when the explosives detonated nice long guys anyway okay good day today and back to you okay there you go little item from the acres there by the way plantation acres is wonderful except on Sunday okay I don't have any regrets about living out there live there for a long time but on Sunday with a sagras mall out there are they given stuff away out there is that what it is what is that it's a hobby it's a past time it's so boring here for the guy that called from Vegas we've given you a song dance about New York and was starting to tell me about how exciting he thought it was here and I said well what beyond the sun and the weather well and that's it the sun the weather and the song where left it out the freaking song where here's a lady in North Miami hello hello new yes man a very happy new year and the same to you I missed you I know you had a good time in Toronto and I hope everything is okay everything is okay everything is funky durian all our computers are working here even the this cheap past place I'd like that I think it's wonderful of course when it comes time to get paid this next week and probably say oh we had a little computer glitch over there in Naples you know I'm getting a check on Thursday right well I'm glad you back well thank you sweetheart and you have a good one and happy millennium thank you bye bye that's what the back street boys are saying happy millennia oh my the way that was the number one album of the year I just mentioned that in passing since your just on the phone and I was told what I said right now number one album of 1999 millennia by the back street boy who just mentioned that in passing since he was given a song in the answer you were in a half ago that they were dead meat number one album of the year 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T well how's that super coming by the way you know do we still do we we ever put that in here after I want to start putting on we got in here we do have we got that we also got so well with the David gravy line here's Margate hello how you doing now pretty good sir love the show all right first time call hey I was wondering are the he registered in the United States no what about I think he got registered on your rainous oh yeah I wanted to draw your attention to the sports page on the Sun Sentinel yes sir did that a clean on sitting on there or what the front page of the sports section oh they got 10 sports sections of the Sun Sentinel oh look at all of the what is that it's a clean on on his head who is that that's uh girl gardener he's got a clean on his head she looks like a good man oh my geez oh my god wow for a good persporeca observation on your parts sir yeah happy new year and back to wow look at that thing what is it I think it's alive ladies and the game against the redskins defensive lime and Gerald Gardner's resigned at the dolphin six loss in the past eight games and look at the a clean on on his head that's our pull question by the way is it worst of a clean on on your head or on your back home man and look okay it kind of looks like he's doing a Greg Reed with it you know like Greg has always got a spingor in the hole in his head and he's got a spingor on it and the clean on too nice going our Gerald he'd be a little upset five six seven oh five sixty pond five sixty on the AT&T line don't mean to be dragging it down though oh I'm gonna do this won't do the mobile and del Rey Beach hello hey yes sir twenty percent tax what's the twenty percent so charged on parking what do you do with a twenty percent so charged on parking this is that's what you do with it that's not making a up there and it's a lot of the way you can so you can talk and work to the place only you called the worst you want to have a nice day sir heard that guy we only heard like three minutes of the worst he missed more he called and said the same thing she would have been about colors he's a good guy right there at that far six he's a good guy but he called and said exactly the same thing on the worst he went last five minutes of the show this morning bap bap bap bap bap you know what I'm saying they're like they're really our only eight colors in the world not just in this market in all of talk rated there's eight colors and they just do voices they do like field you know they do voices and speaking afield by the way what I just I mean what does that all about must be that station you know all the compared to the other numbers on the rest of the station in midday they're actually doing a number however the problem being now io d is up to a two seven in the day and they're down to a one eight because they already had their biggest numbers in midday with Dr. Laura and the lardas Peter you are unbelievable people here it's unbelievable how you can dissonate every god damn day parts he's the uh Dr. Mangala of radio the turkey moda of broadcasting Peter Bolger this trying everything in his wake 27 after 11 and 5 60 WQA. Wake up what's the first he's no role yet the forest is he go see we see horny in the I guess my girlfriend forgot what she was. And the moment that you were so moved is why. And you're a big, big, big, big, big. And I found out, the baby chased me with her eyes. Why did that bitch tell me? I was too dark to see. She'd be too bad with her whole face. And that scared me, how the beast he'd go for will be so. I'm 30 at 5.60, W2. I got Hank at the Gulston Park at 2. We got the books here, 68.45. San Francisco, 40 daughters at the Elatofel Cunes. And we got 45,000 at Inbuk, then we listen to that. No, no. 16,000 open lines in the board. We haven't even finished two hours just about an hour and a half here. We got the phone calls back on here. A couple of them, okay. Nothing spectacular. And in the meantime, they're out of material already. 5.60, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile informe. Hello. Yeah, hi. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. How do you know you're too? I'm going to go over there on the West Coast. Yep. We'll have here in September from New Jersey and very much enjoy your program. Thank you. Just wondering, or one of the lets you know, it seems like media won this morning might have a white 2K problem. They've been off the air all morning. Busy signaled out. You can't get into call them on the telephone. Really? And it seems coincidental that it happened the Monday morning after you're going to literally have been. Yeah. You know? Okay. Hey, listen also. If you know this or not, but your buddy Lou Begel with his mom, though, number 5. Yeah. He was on Kathy Layla last week. Greatest. Did you say him? No, I don't watch that show. Well, I like it. It was a show. It's going to be a good feature on the show. You should have seen Regis try to do the mom, though. I'm glad I missed it. All right. Look, how happy New York is. That's great. Okay. That's it. We got one call left and then we can go back and do the new Rogers show. I guess. We want the callers back. Okay. I want to bring the show down. Like I said, here's the day, the hello, our last call. Hello. The hello man. Great. The pleasure to be one of the first calls of the 21st century. Yes, sir. Yes. And how's your new sense of all? How does your garden grow? It's okay. Uh-huh. Now, I heard so much like the previous century is a matter of fact. Yeah. Do you know anything about the net people being on the big dish? About one? The big day. You never know what I was mentioned. The big dish is. Are they being saved out? But they're not just going to get rid of them. No. I mean, if you got one, there's still stuff up there, but it's going to be obsolete. What do you want it for? What's the point? Well, you get there. You get a lot more stuff on it. Like what? Like what? There's about 10 satellite. And what do you get on the big dish that you don't get on the small dish? So I've had a big dish for 12 years. You're talking to the dish expert. I've got milkic. I've got a flasher. What do you get on the big dish that you don't get on the small dish? Besides a few wild feeds that quite frankly are shadowed what you used to get. What do you get? A1, American 1. What? The free stuff, the feed. Some good, some good free stations. Is this the guy with the eyes? Your worst. No. I thought it might have been him, but you were obviously occupied. That was, that was, that was okay. Right there. Right there. That moment in time. Freeza. Freeza. That was the only call I had on the board at that moment. There's only a couple more now. After all, the nashing of tea's about not taking a phone calls. It's a gentleman's phone. Everybody's got to say their thing. And it was the guy with the freaking eyes. And his one subject, the guy then big-bish. Oh my God. George has got, George has got holding his wisdom teeth. And you don't even have any more. My teeth ache. My, the guy with the freaking eyes. I thought a couple of times it was him. He must have gotten stuff with continent as my two. His push. Jesus Christ. That's the best that this town can do. And you want phone calls on a guy then. Talk to you. I get the sparks in that calls in and against. With the same comment, the same stupid comment about $4 surcharge to park $4 blocks away or $50,000 surcharge. Whatever it was, we'll see a bunch of the free-splay basketball at the Mickeyerson Arena. And then it's the same exact verbatim. It must have had to wait and down. Somebody must have wrote it down for them. The material about how much it costs in the park. And then I get the guy with the eyes. And this is what they want to hear. The guy with the eyes. Tell us about the goddamn big dish. You can shove your dish in your act. Okay. And your freaking friends too. All right. Get a guy damn life. It's a new millennium. Turn the page in a calendar. If somebody can buy you one. You geek. You moron. I was going into a coma. Just listening to the tone of the voice. I'm going to be a little bit of a known. Here's a mobile-in-orth Miami. Hello. Neil? Yes? Hi. Happy New Year, too. I don't get a chance to call in often, but... You know, anybody else, proud. Why do I do this tonight, too? I just want to throw my decent. And I really, I really think you need to keep the callers on the air. And I'll tell you why. Because you make the show for 23 years. Or 24 years, or whatever you're going on in years. And we enjoy listening to you. These callers are coming that are so ridiculous and stupid. Make the show even funnier. I don't know. I couldn't live without them. A lot easier for me, pal. A lot easier. Well, a lot easier for you to talk to them. A lot easier not to talk to them. A lot easier to take the calls. Because a lot of time. Sure. You think it's easy to sit here and talk for four hours with no phone calls? Oh, no. That's much harder. Much harder. Which means they're the material. They make the show. And I don't see why you should always have them on here. No matter how stupid they are. Always. You get paid. You get paid. No matter what. That's right. I get no check regardless. I call and no calls once no lunch. But I thank you so much. Neil, keep up the good work. We hope you're around for a long time. We should have them on the corner of the marina. Okay. I'll see. There we go with a Jimmy and Danny. So full little over now. And I want to have Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny. Another cheap shot. Okay. I'd retire right now before to play off. Danny. That's what I would do. Let a put that kid here without their next week and watch him. I'm going to ask out of himself. Here that guy. Damn Jason Cole. I was coming back from the airport the other day on the station. I'm the six hundred hour four play before the game yesterday. Jason Cole from the Harold no less. He's got that incestuous relationship with his radio station. And he's on there. Well, you know, it was all van. He was all the. And then he goes out about well the defense. I didn't do this in the special team and teams didn't do that. But it was all Danny. I didn't know Danny played on special teams. I didn't know that he played on defense. I don't know he was supposed to tackle guys. I don't know all these things. So what they'll do I know Jason Cole you jackass. Here's a fact from Jim and Naples ripping my furniture and old ass. My furniture good guy, okay. So he's old and, you know, crabby. Just like the rest of us. I like my furniture. Maybe he'll be good. And maybe he won't. And he'll fold up like an accordion. And the good news is maybe Trevor kid will be able to come back in a few weeks or not. At least there's a chance now, which a couple of days ago. We thought that there wasn't any chance. Who knows does anybody care about that? Oh, pop out barrisque or four in one game? Oh. Huh? Nobody cares about that. Oh, about Pittsburgh beaten Detroit four three last night there in Pittsburgh. Nobody care about that. Oh, buddy. I'm a y'all. I'm already struck and come back for his injury with a golden three assistants. First game back last night. Oh, buddy. Oh. Just second. 22 before before known. At 5.60 WQM, are you tired of sports radio? 5.60. You a ff. Good morning. All day, but not to boy. Here with feeble corner. A salesman was giving a demonstration of a new computer. This machine knows the answer to any question. Just ask it one. One man in the group. Bit skeptical of the machine's ability. Walked up and spoken to the computer's microphone. It was a trick question. Where is my father he asked? The computer blinks his lights and the little con popped out. Which said, fishing off Florida. The man left. That's some smart computer. My father is dead. Everybody in the group had a good laugh. But the salesperson picked up. Wait a moment. This computer can detect trick questions. I don't understand. Try. Be phrasing the question. All right. The man copuna. Where is my mother's husband? The computer's lights. Point for a message. And I don't pop the con. Which said, dead. But your father is still fishing off Florida. I think he's alone at 5.60. WCU. M5.60. Pound 5.60. On the 18. Where was line? George votes for no calls. By the way, I just thought I would mention that he isn't really good. He votes for absolutely. No. Causes what he said. Here's a leading coral spring. Hello. Leading mobile and coral springs. Is gone? A grand total of six minutes and 26 seconds. You wait in our dime. And she's gone. How do you like that? Couldn't hang on for this. Get off to me that. Fucking bitch. Thank you. I'd say happy new year. But I'd be lying. 5.60. 5.60. Pound 5.60. On the 18.T line. Here's a call on our out of town on a kid coral. Hello. Yes sir. I've been new year. Send you. It's wonderful to have you back. I just want to thank you for the last year of making my life very pleasurable every day in a way to work with some of the two of your show. Well you're welcome. And I just want to say that all the bartenders and Fort Myers Beach and K-Car will listen to you and love you and you're usually part of the discussion late night. Great. So have a nice day. Thank you. I'll back to you. 5.60. 5.60. Let's go. Let's go. You wanted your opportunity. Okay. Three weeks of no calls. One of the most moments is events in the history of God. They have broadcasting four song on hours every day. Of me sitting here. Pucing my guts out. Do it a great job. Do it. If I might say. Thank you. And at least people have anything to say about it. Oh, no. Nothing. They all got their own little agenda. This guy was an ice guy. We've had some nice people on here today. They weren't too exciting. But nevertheless there were one or two that were worth. Two or three. Five, six, seven, five, 60. That's what they want to hear. They want to hear these numbers. They want to hear that tone in my voice. That sounds real agitated. Am I agitated? No. Not really. In fact, a week from the day, I'll be a lot less agitated. One in the while. Cause next to it's the temp. You know what that is? Don't be thirsty. Payday, baby. Payday. That's what it's all about. Getting a big, big fat one. And a check, too. You catch it? Yeah, man. Good. Catch this. Here's Miami. Hello. Neo. Yes sir. How you doing? Happy New Year to you sir. Happy New Year to you. Thanks. I was one of the first things I want to do the second thing. I want to share a big fat, I told you so to all those, uh, uh, assholes. That were packing their basements with canned foods and thinking that it was going to be the end of the world. They were packing it. How do you like that? Oh, I wasn't straight old man. You and me were the only two out there telling people about the worry that it was straight. I wasn't packing it. I wasn't either man. Thank you for being so accurate. Neo, you have a good one. And God bless you. Thanks. And pray, pray for rain. Okay, pray for something. Pray, oh, you know, well, we ought to pray for. Is that God, then, kids Scott, my long guy, which you're up and do my, uh, pansies on there. And my God, damn well. Hey, Scott, you know, I'd like to do it sometime this millennium. I'm telling you the way that people do business. You've heard me say this before. I don't want to start being negative. I started the year on a positive note this morning, 10 o'clock right out of the box. I'm in a great mood, but. But Scott, you're a good guy, but it, you know, all the other stuff that I always say is true, but. Sometime before the guy damn Sun starts boiling 100 degrees every day. I'd like to get in those guy damn flowers that die. I mean, what a scan this is. He puts him in like two weeks later, it's 100 degrees in the shade and they die. Scott, from forever green, whatever the hell that he may have out there and Boko Scott, somebody who knows him, kick him into growing a little bit. Kick him into crotch. Kick him into crotch. And ask. Tell him sometimes this week would be nice to go over there and do nails. How's the way says nice things on here about you. Okay, what you're doing nice job if I can never get you down there. I'd like to get him down there. Yeah, that too I would. Here's a call from Ottawa. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Less of us and more of you. Yeah. Is what's needed. I mean, I've been listening to your show over the years on the internet. I'm sorry. Best show on the radio. I show in America. That's what everybody says. I'm in Canada, but that's what I say. Never the way I show in Canada too. They wouldn't let me on here up there. Those constipated bastards. Well, you know how we are in Canada. We are in an alternative country. Look, wonderful people. A little anal retent of that they inherited from the Brits. They can't do this not doing that. Correct, but I mean, I've been listening. Some of the calls you have. My God. Here we are in a brand millennium. Right. And these people have absolutely nothing to have. You had three weeks of the most amazing radio. You know, I haven't had one caller. It's almost noon today. I haven't had one caller. It's even got a comment on the three weeks that I did without taking a phone call. Whether they liked it, they hated it, the stuff that I talked about. Nothing. No. You know, again, it was great radio. The bits are great. Your comments are great. You know, it's, it's, I listened to a lot of radio. I sit here and write a, a website every day. So I spent most of my day reading stuff on the internet and listening to radio stations everywhere. I got to tell you, you would, I'm sure you're well aware of how much bad radio is out there. People are not aware how good you are and how good your bits are, how politically. Where you are. Yes, I am. And now you do know hockey. That's, you know, that comes as a, as it's surprised to me how, how much you like hockey. Why is that a surprise? Well, because people in, you know, in Florida don't really know that. But I'm not from Florida. Well, that's fair enough. But I'm from Rochester. I could, I could, I could, some of across the guy damn late there to Toronto. I'll go see the maple leaves, man. You know what, you're still going to be waiting for your least when the family got up. That's okay. We're having a good time. I think they got a good shot this year. I'm a shot. That's what Pat Quin said. You know, happy New Year. The game Saturday and Buffalo is to do that. I've got, I've never less. Happy New Year best of the season. And like I said, I've said it again, and I'll say it now. Lots of us more review. Okay. Got less use here. And go devil's it to this afternoon. By the way, don't take a personal button. We need to devil's it. Thank you for mentioning our beloved auto senators. I'll tell you what, moving the Portland next year possibly. No, I'd, in fact, the word, after 40 minutes in hockey night in Canada, the other night there's saying it looks like they're going to get their money. If they are going to get their money. What's like they're going to get their money? What's going to come here? We don't want to lose the senators, do we? No, we know what. Do we really care? No, God bless you, pal. Thank you. I'll pray for you. Pray for the auto senators. Anybody here know who that is? Oh, they got nice uniforms, though. Good team. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. How do you like that? I'm going to start getting to some of the other stuff too because I thought we were going to get some really dynamic stuff here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, this is dynamic. After five days away, I was off the air for seven months. I came back to get dynamic call. No, it's Florida. Searching for a post. Yeah, but we had a good time in Vegas. Oh, good. I'm happy for a good. He sent me some crystal. I'd rather have like 3700 bucks, that's 10%. I won't be wrong with that. I give you half. I give you 18. 50. That's a great idea. Yeah. That's my share. That's my apiece. Everybody wants a little slice. Bring OJ back. Come on. Roll. Bring it back for a little slice. Top bearded wrinkles in the world. What country you think it is, George? You'll never guess. Because I know which one you'll say in your wrong. What is it? I'm sorry. Top bearded wrinkles in our got all these lists. They're great. Much more interesting than I went to Vegas in that good time. Nationality or ethnicity. What? Country. Country. Germany. And what did I just say? I said, I know what you're going to say. And it's not going to be right. Now, what would that tell you? Germany's number three. Ireland? Number two. How do you like that? You're getting a little warm. You got number three. Number two. And what Al Goldstein says. I hate the Irish. And number one. You never get this, Belgium. The Czech Republic. Top bearded wrinkles in the world. I would have said they liked vodka. How do you like that? 160 liters per year. As in, take me to your leader. Ireland, too. Germany is three. Denmark, four. Austria, five. Luxembourg, six. United Kingdom. Seven. Belzermate. Very good. Austria, nine. And New Zealand. It's been a lot of time down under. Number ten. Top line. Drikers. You'll get this one wrong, too. You're in seed. Let me give you a clue. I've been in Peninsula. Now, Spain. Portugal. Oh, there you go. All right. It was going to be a very interesting net. I thought I never would have gotten it. I would have guessed like France or Italy. France number two. There you go. I've been told how many liters can serve consume per capita. Portugal 60.6. France 60. Oh, and Luxembourg 58. Oh, Italy 55. Oh, followed by Switzerland, Argentina, Greece, Uruguay, Austria, and Spain. Spain. Where they drink a lot of that, the sweet wine. That's why they talk so fruity. With a much of fratio. That's why they say that. They do. They talk fruity in Spain, man. They talk that cut along whatever the hell it is. Which is fratio. The other. Castellona. What is it? Castellona. I mean, Barcelona. Which is fratio. Yeah, that's why all those aspects talk with a list, man. They're all about their food flies. Make no mistake about it. You know what I'm talking about? I'm sure you do. Top team racers, you'll get this one wrong, too. Because I know what you're going to guess. I don't much about too much of those colors on it. It is good stuff. Yeah, had a good time and Vegas. It's a much of stuff to do there. Good. Great. We're happy. We're excited. Top team racers, George. Uh huh. I just got your saying you're going to guess. I know what you're going to guess and it will be wrong. So why do you say that? That's number two is England. Number one, very close. China. Very close. China's close to England. Close well. I don't know if you met close to your graphics. He had graphically close. Not Scotland. Not Wales, Ireland. All right. That's it. Who? Who is the Brits? Here's a picture of Tony Blas sitting there with his cup of tea. Or at least he claims it's tea in there. But the Irish drink coffee with booze in it. We'll get to coffee in a minute. Okay. Which you'll never get that. Um, Kuwait's number three Kuwait teed renkers. I don't know what that explains. Well, try to cover up the smell. For his turkey. See what I mean? Five is Qatar. Six is Bahrain. Seven is Syria. Eight is Hong Kong. Nine is Iran. And ten is Sri Lanka. That little turd that's hanging down from India. Yeah, Sri Lanka is a little you turd turd. Let's look at a map. You know what? This dresses me. I mean, I know there's a lot of dumb people as the British UK to country, but geography. If you took, see, just take a map of the US. Yeah, forget about Alaska and Hawaii because they're way to Hell out there. But just the continental US. And you take just 100 people off the street. Off a shopping mall. How many of the 48 states do you think that most of those dummies, most of those morons whose middle name is. Yeah, but identify. Keeping in mind that a few years ago they did a study through the University of Miami and all those brilliant spoiled, Bradstab had you of them for wasting daddy's money, pretending in education. Most of them couldn't find Florida on the map. Even though it's drooping right down there in the state too, they couldn't find it. And the kids from New York, are they finding New York on a map? No, no. Even with long islands sitting right out there like a big turd in the middle of the ocean. Could they find it? No. Pacific. geography. And if you took a map of the world now, I will grant you with all the countries that have had their names changed. Like there's some of these lists here that got names of countries that have ever heard of, which I won't burden you with because I can't even say them. Top 10 mobile phone using countries. Now you should know this because if you were listening to the other day, which you probably weren't, I told you it was number one. Hong Kong. Number four. At least you're getting countries that are on the list. I said the other day that they had a piece on it on the news, around 60 minutes two or one of those shows about the people that are very nonverbal and all the kids are running around with cell phones in the area and Nokia happened to be made by people in that country. And it's not your pan. It's Korean. Finland. Finland. Finland. Nokia is made in Finland. It sounds like a Japanese name to me. It's finished. And keep it up like this and so will you be? Two is Norway. Right next door. Three is Sweden. All the skin name and countries they talk on a cell phone. They don't like talking to each other too much on a cell phone. Four is Hong Kong. Then Japan is real. Oh, oh. Yeah. Well, you don't have to worry about a letter bomb. It's easy to call. Seven is Denmark. Toddwood Singapore. Nine is Australia. And number 10 to the US. It's amazing how far down the US is on a lot of these lists. And especially whether you do things like health and all like for example, the oldest population in the world. What country? Were they live a long time? And a lot of pasta. Italy. And a good medicine. And you died. It's here for George. Italy. German. A 40.2. The oldest. Toddwood Japan. I'm sorry. Then Germany. Greece. Belgium. Denmark. And Croatia. Tywood Bulgaria. See is the US anywhere in that list? No. No. And of course you do realize one of the reasons why the life expectancy in this country isn't as high as it is in a lot of other countries. Because like Jimmy Johnson would say, we got shot. And somebody says, all the time, we got shot. And so as a result, we didn't look too long. The youngest. Wait to hear this. Which this isn't really a country. The youngest area in the world, I guess, because it's not a kind of the Gaza strip. The median age is 14.4. Yeah, because once you get past 20, you get shot followed by Uganda. And then that African, I'm always having trouble with a country and I GER, Nigger, where the average age is 15.8. Yemen. The, uh, what is it? The Congo. Somalia, Zambia, and Gole. A lot of dead people in Africa, they. A lot of disease. AIDS. And others. What? It's rampant over there. It is rampant. Most of the, among the heterosexual crowd, too, by the way. I just mentioned that in passing. We'll get back to these calls, though. All of some of this to me is a lot more interesting than the calls. But nevertheless, we got to get these calls on. I don't want to bring it down. Let's get it all up. Let's go. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pont, 5, 60. We'll find a happy median during the year 2000. That's our goal. Some days would call, some days with no calls, some days with a few calls. Well, just, let it out even out. And see, this is a bad day to be staring because Monday would be the perfect day to have no calls every Monday. Because every last few people are really, you know, you got a lot of heavy duty crap going on there on Monday. You got to like, you know, touch the books. Do a lot of other stuff. Make it look like you know, put on a good face. Make it look like you're doing a job. Catch up for all the crappy didn't do the end last week and over the weekend. And then on Tuesday, then we take calls. But today, we got to make an exception. Because today, of course, we got to, you know, getting all the screen input on the three weeks I did, which is basically nothing. No input except the guy from Ottawa. How do you like that? See, outside of the area, and especially outside of the country, they appreciate this show. And Dave and Rawards, they wouldn't fart on the best part of me. And upon each, like I said. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 560, 2A. And sports radio, 560. Don't let this happen to you. Today's National Football League crackhead athletes are above the law. Protect your family from the horrors of unwanted NFL players in your home. With the new Miami Dolphin home along the way. I'm going to show you the real world of football. I'm going to show you the real world of football. I'm going to show you the real world of football. And all these players in your home, with the new Miami Dolphin home alarm system. Hey, my AZK with home alarm system, 10, assisted duty junk-in-sensee in the action she where criminal, I didn't like, and if they can catch the ball, it run with the ball, I dare something special. Take criminal athletes off the field and put them in a jail, till where they usually find God in the wife name Tyrone. The Miami Delfin homologna and Sita see your real goal practice of 42 years. Okay, it's 15.95.60 WKM, and this Saturday can possibly be this Saturday. Uh-huh. They're going to be down in next to Garnt, which I wish I would have known that a minute ago, but never less, but it late to never. You've gone penis still working here or what? Anybody seen him lightly? Uh-huh. Huh? Can we see him? Since before Christmas, maybe he just vanished. Or maybe he just had another one of those strange accident he's famous for. This Saturday, January, noon to two will be a next to Garnt, I'll be there. George will be there, I'm sure, because I'll get free cigars, and also probably squeezing some, uh, back to him. Yeah, what's your name will be there again, maybe? cigar rolling demonstration sampling of anhydrousious new product, Tequiza and Orumba, food and tender, Tamed of course great prices on the best cigars in the world. At next cigar, sent it 1111, white splagger street, right off the palm middle, noon to two will be there this Saturday. How do you like that? And then we'll take you some really good stories. Here's the lady mobile and bokeh, hello. Lady mobile? Hello? Yes, man. Yes. Let me see it again. Here's a lady mobile and bokeh, hello. Hi, now's Jane Nelson, if I'd already said, how are you? Hi, Jane, how you doing? Hi, you know, or Mary, I did your morning development. I did your job. I did. I said, Jane is the one who told me my house, I said that. Right, but I did your morning, it's not so, I'm Greg Nelson's sister. Oh, you're Greg Nelson's sister, my friend Greg Nelson from Malu, back road in Malu. Yeah, Greg. Greg, I'm here now for my smash phone. No last night. I was, he was waiting here with me and he had a customer, so I had to go and party wanted to say hi. Well, tell him I said hi. Tell my friends that we won't tell my cars are great. How's your mortgage? And my mortgage is great. I'm okay, good. But you're all fat. Okay, thanks, Jane. Thank you. Happy holidays, happy New Year. See you. I do like that. I just mentioned you're on the air and I was on a phone. Jane Nelson. Well, I'm wearing great shape today. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Come on, let's go. Let's hear some commentary. And to see the problem of the callers is they don't care about the last three weeks. They're not interested in what I did here last week. They have no feeling about it. They're not opinion about it. They have nothing to say about it. Good, bad and different. Scathing, whatever. Nothing. How can you have no opinion? Like I said on Wednesday. How is it possible? Like I said, please frame the front page of this morning's son, settle the headline above Danny Boyz, the post searching for a pulse. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Pretty good, sir. I just want to tell you the last three weeks. I thought the radio was fantastic. Yeah. Fantastic. I think the only time you should let the callers call in. And voice your opinions when they want to picture about something like the new arena that I was at last night. That's your bonus. That place sucks. When it down, bitch him out. That's right. People that make years a drug. Can't answer them and taxes that. That's right. That no good son of a gun. Right. They're charging me more for tickets. And now I can see the court. I couldn't read the names on the back of the jerseys last night. I'm so high up. Yeah. It's ridiculous. I'm down looking at the scoreboard. That's only 20 bucks for the bonoculars. Yeah, right. And the place was 30. It took 40 minutes to get out of the get a drink. Everybody was upset. There was no parking. Yeah. They didn't even give you a problem when you walked in. They'd ruby knew what was going on. It was a joke. They should never have opened this building. They should never have opened it. Yeah. And that's about it, Neil. I'm glad you had a good time. Yeah. Oh, that's a good thing. Yeah. Go bills. Okay. Thanks. Yeah. Those bills. How about those bills yesterday? A little scary. Kind of ironic that all these adult fans, suckers yesterday, had to be pulling for the jets. Wasn't that pathetic? Had to be yanking for the jets? I'm trying to think of which game ended first. I think the the McKenzie city and because that went in over time. I watched the end of both of those games. Talk about classic ineptitude. And by the way, pineapple. And I was kicking in there for Kansas City. They got a specialist. They got a guy. Not a guy that both kicks off in the kicks of the field goals. Like most normal teams. They got a peat story out of it to still. A little hung over from that night down here years ago, I guess. Missed that there was, you know, 46 yards. It was really long. Did he come even close? Oh, he yanked. He pulled it. That would have won the game for Kansas City or whatever it was. Yeah, what do you want to game? And then they got another guy that kicks off. Who's a specialist? Who kicks the ball about 20 yards. So the other team gets it in midfield every time. Nice going here, chief. Oh, pathetic. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Tool free line for the entire world. 877, 785, Neil. 877, 785, 60, P45. How's that soup coming by the way? I don't know. Maybe they're making it fresh. Because that Peter Leonard keeps ringing me this stuff in. And you noticed that why do you let him in here? Or you weren't in here. You were out of the room. I'm telling you, from now on, he's not allowed in this room. Peter Leonard. I won't see me. He keeps ringing me and stuff that keeps making me sick. And you know, by 1230, I'm going to be racing out of here again. Keep your ass out of here. Peter and arrested you, too. If you can. Stay out of here. Just flip it out of the door. Here's a mobile and pompano. Hello. Oh, Neil. Happy millennium. And back to you. Okay. What do you want to do? Many cartoons. What I want to say. You mentioned it. The cell phones. The number one country was Hong Kong. No. Finland. What was that? What was Hong Kong number one on? What were they number one on? Yeah. Is it the same one? What? It's a nice. So I did a high. Yeah. That's a good one. I like that. No. It's really great. I believe it's a cell phone. It's a lot of my own. But I thought that really that Japan would have been number one myself. Japan's number five. Number five. Finland number one in the doberman pinching right on the list either. Have a nice day, sir. Yeah. Why? Where is the German shepherd on that list? Yeah. This is like doing the doggy list. I read the list for your information. That's what we can discuss. And that is a topic to throw out to the audience. So we can toss it around and back and forth. It's always number four on it. No. We don't want to do that. We want to do that. Absolutely. No. So I'm not going to do that anymore. Although I will do these. Top in alcohol consumption. Okay. Now we did beer before. But this is overall. Who's you'll ever guess this to obscure? Ukraine. Luxonburg. 11.8 liters per capita. What else are they going to do? Number two. Portugal. Why? What else was Portugal up there? They were top one. All out. And. Told you about those Portuguese. Yeah. Put the gazing. They're number two. The French number three. Now that's interesting because in wine. France was number two. And then yeah. Well, what else are they going to do? Like I said. That's a bunch of pigs. Check for public number four. Denmark number five. Follow by Austria. Germany. Germany. Morocco. We know it. We don't remember no Holocaust. Hitler. Who is that? Tungry number eight. Spain number nine. And Swiss. So I would say that the Iberian peninsula. Pulse to go. If you want to go. Okay. Slosh. Maybe they just drink a lot of Saint Greer. In Portugal. Five six. Five sixty pound. Five sixty on a 18 t line. Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Yeah, Neil, this is Dave. I just want to comment on the firing of ray roads and all his little Brad Beck, banked off the pack out where to them. Okay. Thank you. Call one of the sports shows. Call a pan. It could be on a two big ladder call about Ray Rhodes, Dusty Rhodes, salty Rhodes, slippery Rhodes, Randy Rhodes, you know what I'm saying? Wow, I call up for sure what to care about. A David haven't read life and happy new year. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got two calls left in the board. It's pretty slim and grim. See, I make it through three weeks with flying colors. Was there a problem? No. Was there any down my mind? I was going to do it. No, I joked on Wednesday. I was going to put some calls on there. Did I ever intend to put any on? No. No. We're just past noon here on the first day of the new millennium. They can't even make it through three hours here. Don't look like much less of four hours show. Boy, there's one of me sitting here in this chair. Okay. One of me. And there's at least one of your 30 you guys out there with your radio line. At least five or six. And yet somehow I can hold up my goddamn end and you can't you can't even pick it up. You can't even hold it straight up in a year. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. How about that end? Who could end? Oh, that Johnny Versauch. Oh, my princess dying. Oh, two years ago. I'm still waiting for the calls about that stuff. I'm still waiting on it. How about that pop out? Oh, four goals in one game. How about that big burden and a red at the vorght rate? Anybody care about that? No. Oh, I'd like to go from the Yorkshire. It's so sunny here. It is. It's 8 minutes past noon at 5, 60, WQA before. Direct. I think. I'm a don, I'm a don, I'm a don, I'm a don, I'm a don. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Come on, come on, come on, come on. Let's get the red Johnny. Come on, come on, come on. I'm sorry, sorry, sorry. So I can't bear this. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm a just business, I'm supposed to part the way. I'll play for famous teachers who fix them when they solve or defые They always send me laziness I want you, thanks to the day, I'm rubbing out a rubber nut rubber nut rubber on the bottom of the bottom. And I'm rubbing out of the knee, rubbing out a rubber nut rubber nut, and I find it up greatly, so free, good for you, baby. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, hey oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. two busy taking their bottled water and batteries back. They don't have time to be calling me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. We got Hank coming up at two. This audience looks like they're out of material in the middle. Last time I looked on his thing. Yeah, it's pretty weak. 877, 785, Neil on the other town line. 877, 785, 63, 45. Here's my me, B, Chilo. How's it going, Neil? OK. Happy New Year, man. Same user. Please go back to no more phone calls. Yeah. Please, it's not a... It's not a... It's not a mic in it, isn't it? No, no, no. It's not your fault, obviously. It's just that. It sucks. Just please. Well, it's not trying to figure out why 40% of the people who called in the poll, I took we list now Wednesday. Yeah. I took that poll in 40% of the people said they like to show a better with the calls. And what is it? No way. Wait, they said they said they used us. It's just out there. I mean, a lot of them just sit there and listen. I mean, but... No, it was so awesome when I mean without the call. I thought so. It was great. Yeah. It was great. You know, why could it be more informative? And people who really wanted to get in touch with you with factions. And I'm calling you, but that's because it's the only reason. The only way I can actually contact you is because of this. Right. And doing it, I can't say actually for my car, but otherwise, I mean, it was great. It was awesome. I thought it was a radio entertaining. I mean, yeah. But again, I'm on this end of it. By the way, everyone out there listening, keep in mind that this is not the Millennium. It's next year. Just for the idiots that they'll get. Yeah, but it gives us a chance to have another party again. Yeah, true. I mean, the wine business. Yeah. There you go. Okay, pal. I'll see you in the future. Yeah, we can spend another half of trillion dollars next year. The real tournament in the middle of the world. We've changed in the day to encounter makes a difference. There's a negative difference. No. Step on your computer, of course not. Oh, no, but it's the end of the world. We just don't know which time's on it's going to happen. That was the first thing that struck me is I saw that thing. It was like real early in the morning. It was New Zealand. Where they were the first ones to celebrate the changing into the new Millennium or whatever Hello, the next year. They're flipping it over in the calendar too. And I thought to myself, gee, how come nobody told us which time's on it's on again was going to be in God. Then, well, of course, we know we'll have to be in the middle of the least, right? Oh, yeah. Because that's where all that crap started alleged. What did you supposed to be in Egypt? Oh, they really weren't supposed to be. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. They didn't want to go to Egypt and went ahead and work on those goddamn permits. Not using up again to manual labor. Here's Palm Beach, hello. Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good, sir. Alright, listen, you got to stand behind because you're the only person I can talk to. Mr. Socky, who will not get me the party line. Went to the game when the first, obviously. Set down on my seat just like comfortable. Whoops, there's a greasy goal. And five more files. What's your story on Vernon? I'll ask you this question. Yes, sir. Why is everybody in this town so negative? The guy was rusty. He hasn't played in the wild. And he's 36 years old. Maybe he's, you know, it's going to be like a Danny thing. You know, I don't know what he's going to be any good or not. But then I like the guy played one game. Well, the team is in first place. They have the biggest lead of any team in any division in the league. They're playing far better than we ever dreamed they were going to play. Bre is on fire. Whitney's playing great. But what's there? Why is everybody so negative in this town? I just wanted to, I mean, it was kind of surprising that he would come in and he was a catagoly to improve on the gold turning in the guy. You know, he's looking for first game. He looked a little bit. Yeah. But they won a game. No, it's great because they won the game because it has a very. Right. He's the greatest. He's absolutely the greatest. He's worth a price of admission. I agree. And he is by far the best professional athlete in South Florida. No, no, no, no, no, no contest. And nobody knows who he is. Well, and, but you know what I think he likes it that way because it's the opposite of what was happening in Vancouver. Yeah. Where he was the Danny in Vancouver and he was under a micro-scootic criticism. Now he can go in someone of an anonymity and play a game. So I think it's a great, so far it's a great marriage. Okay. Have a happy bell. You too, buddy. Go leave school. Okay. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line and that out of town line, I guess. What's the point? I just want to put the dial tone on. And when I think you want me to call on you, then I'm going to take your call. We're going to call on the out of town line. Of course it's going to be kind of hard to get a call if I had the dial tone on. Let's just give it a shot. See if it works. Okay. 877. I guess not. Here's a mobile and cross-bring. Hello. Can you know how you doing? Okay. First of all, I want to give my opinion. I like to show with the callers, but I also like to without the callers. That's an opinion. I just like your show. There you go. What's the point? Well, and listening to this morning, all the people that were at the arena, you can't imagine how shocked I was that the corporate structure in soft floor of built a stadium and didn't really take the desires of the fans in the consideration. I'm just shocked beyond the lead. Just imagine how well they would take care of the fans if we actually did build a baseball stadium down here. Just imagine how well they're just like the recent, I'd like to see to the end of the center and the corners that are like about a third of the sides that are like baby asses because we had a squeeze in extra 1000 seats in there. Exactly. We would need a tube of K-Y, the size of the Miami arena. Yeah. Otherwise, our rectum would never be the same thing. Well, it's interesting though. They also didn't need that many seats. You need to want to be a arena because we haven't had one cell out at the Mac Arena. And the last night for opening game in the new arena right on a holiday weekend at all, you think that that place would have been packed and there were plenty of empty seats. And by the time they got in the last couple of minutes of the game, that place was like a ghost town. You know, one other thing I wanted to mention, I know you don't like the cops. I'm not a big fan of cops. I don't like bad cops. I like good cops. I don't like bad cops. All right. Well, by the way, now they're in the next millennium. How is that process who will ring in Kendall coming, huh? I don't know. That big internal investigation that we kept getting the act about. There's no goddamn investigation. They swept the ground into the rug. I'm not a patron. But anyway, with all the gun hoogers and religious nuts and the area nation, streetland, everybody else, looking at the millennium as a job opportunity, I think you got to tip your cap to the authority for keeping those people on the rafts and not allowing anything to get blown up or murdered or anything like that. And also throw a dart at the mayor and Seattle there and those gunless politicians. Yeah. Pull off the celebration because they're out of a week need. Pussy's up there in Seattle. Shame on them. And while you're out of your maze, we'll throw a dart at the mayor down here just because he deserves it. There you go. Take care of everything. Yeah, Mayor Pingo, who was sitting there with Governor Bush with the gemized their lives. And I was thinking of myself, birds of a feather suck together. Mayor Pingo, Picanya sitting there with Governor Bushmized their all. Man, what a vanilla that was. And by the way, did somebody forget to tell them, Governor Bushmized it and then Orlando is also in the state of Florida. Somebody must have forgotten to tell them. Yeah, since he's rooting for the heat there last night. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Ah, on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Okay, sir. Happy New Year. And the same to you. I got some good news for you. I don't know if you've been told. We have a Godfather's tea to come in the town. Oh, you have been told that. Oh, where are you? Oh, and David? Yes. There's a head station being built over on day to road just south of 5.95. And the past fire, it's just that looks like it's just back in plate. And I saw a sign. Godfather's tea, sir. But when is it going to happen? No, these just like shaking, stake in shake. They keep telling us, oh, you're getting a stake in shake. Any day now, but it's been, any day for like the last year now. Well, no, no, this is actually built. Yeah. The building. I mean, the head station is there. So the sign is already there, huh? Yeah, the sign is there. And it will be part of the head station like the one it's like I've seen the one and four Myers. And it's just going to, I guess it's just going to be like that one. I'll spin it. By the way, there is a picture shake. There's a four fire to take coral now. Okay, I'm on my way. Okay, thank you. Good news, pal. Godfather's just coming. Baby, it's Godfather. Oh. 560560 was that distorted. It was that just my imagination. Maybe it was a Y2 cable. You think so? Oh, could be watch out for those Y2 cable. Speaking of bugs, how skill the officer? Most of you handle more. Fill the bug name mysteriously vanished from the face of the air. Just like Scott Maya gardening guy. Scott from forever green. You're going to be forever green all right. Scott, unless you get those guy damn, but two years or panties, whatever those things are in there and for the lives my lawn. You got to keep chasing these people. It's not a freebie. Believe me, I'm paying them to do the work. Okay, and you know something Peter Leonard is going to die. Peter Leonard is going to do. Do you want to know why? That's stuff that he brought in that I was eating before and didn't eat that menu. You know what's already happening? Like they say at the outback steak house, you can feel the chocolate thunder down. Right. Thunder. God damn you, Peter Leonard. You don't understand that I want you out of here. I don't want your bringing this stuff in here. If you want to eat it, if the people out there want to more power to eat, I don't want to eat it. I'm not running a restaurant in here. I'm not running a restaurant these. Like Jeff the floor is. I'm not running a restaurant. I'm doing a radio show. Stay out of here. By the way, and if you're push gets any dark, you're going to start looking like what's his name? Ron, from Ron and Ron. What's that was his name? The Indian. Not Bidians. They're on Dia as yeah. You should have said, did you see in this morning, Peter Leonard? This face looks like Schueler. So go to show you when you, after you pop the first 40,000 riddle in. 560, 50560, pound, five 60 on the AT&T lab. By now, I'd have been home for an hour and a half. These live three weeks. You know what I'm saying? I'm talking about the equivalent amount of time. The perception of the passage of time. Those three weeks, this show went by like grease lightning for me. I can only speak for myself. Look, look like that. Here were these numbers, pump in the numbers, pump in the number, do we have a lady? Then we get a lady or two. I'm happy to know you, that that's it. Nobody in this time got anything to say. You want me to do a talk show with telephone. So some jackass that calls the worst team in the morning. Can call here and tell us the same stupid story about spend an 80 bucks to park for ways for blocks away from Schwarzball our last night. Can't say something. Come up with something good. Come up with something interesting. Something amusing. Something interesting. Make a phone call. Make a statement. Shot the hell out of me. Here's a mobile in four miles. Hello. Hey, Neil. How can you hear? Back to you, sir. You're three weeks with the no call was great. Because you were in a better mood and things like all the assholes you call you. But you know, bad mood because they don't know what the hell they're talking about. That's a good point. I'm already starting to sour a little bit. I was in a great mood when I came in this morning. These, I say, screw the callers. Don't let them call you in just have a good day. Okay. Good day. Happy New Year. 5.6705. 6.5.6. On the 18.D. wireless line. Come on. Let's go. Let's hear your great A material. Come on. If you got it. No. So forget this Saturday will be a next cigar is new to two. Should our rolling and houses bushing new products? What is that? What is that? Did you hear that? Are the walls of Jericho going to come tumbling down? What the hell was that? That wasn't somebody hammering back here. That's somebody pounding on a goddamn wall back here behind me. What the f*** is that? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello? Yes sir. Happy New Year. Same to you sir. You are not your son in a bit sorrow. I hate to say it. I'm getting on a... Wait a minute. Hang on sir. Hold on. Yes sir. What the hell you want? What are you doing over there? You're nuts? What the f*** is this? What is that? It's right behind us wall. Are these people crazy? Yes. Now where was this guy with just the talking to? Where the hell do you go? Two. Two. Two. Hang on. Let me get my shoe, okay? Thank you, Alex. I don't want to mess up the wall. What is it, Nasser? Hello? Hello? Yes. Yes, Neil. I'll try not to be so sour. Oh, you're doing fine. The three weeks of you speaking unbelievable. Incredible. I don't know how you could do that. You never missed a beat. Yeah. Amazing. And they weren't even banging on the walls back then. No, that's incredible. And you don't have any concrete dust in your ears. No, we don't. Well, you think, uh, macarette, the newer, what do we call this thing? I don't know, but the Nicky Arena. The Nicky Arena. The Nicky Arena. The Nicky Arena. Yeah, we got the macarena, the Nicky Arena. That's our end. No. We'll try. And uh, enclosing the last name of Schmitt. Okay. Don't be a Schmitt head bell. I have a great day. My apologies to all your people name Schmitt. He's a piece of Schmitt. Five six and admittedly. At Schmittedly. Five six seven. Five sixty pound. What do you think that was? The banging on a wall back here. What is that? I am sure it's more construction. Oh, and by the way, speaking of construction. So, you know, they've had all these pieces on TV. Of course, a while I'm out there and tomorrow. They show for the five million times about how they built Maple Leaf Gardens in Toronto. Five months. Five months from the beginning from absolutely nothing being there to completion. And believe me, the day the night that they opened, it wasn't like the Mickey or where it was ready to be opened. There was no goddamn cement dust. 1932 was a very relatively primitive technology they had back then. Five months from start to finish. They built Maple Leaf Gardens. Here we are. Two and a half years later when this guy damn place. Come back after a five day weekend or whatever the hell it was. Is there anything being done here? No. Just banging on a wall. A lot of noise. Is that receptionist desk done out there? No. When it looks like if you take a heavy breath it's going to fall over. Is that thing done? No. Piece of crap. Nice going air Greg. You know how to do it sweetheart. The one of Beasley's baby. One of Beasley's pretending pretending pretending to be something that they're not. And you know what that is? Rodcasters. That's what they're pretending to be. These people are broadcasters like my little miniature. Pinchers are goddamn open heart surgeon. Which by the way, he's scheduled at 1115 at Mount Sinai. 1228 at 560WQA. Jim Mandage toss sports weekend right here. On 40560QA. Grab my junior hot air. The new Roger show. We'll let you on today. Instead, run a gambler's sport home radio. 560WQA. And it's continuing after to cater to all three of you slack, John, lifeless, automaton. It's proud to present. Regret, or washing his socks. I love these socks. My wife got me these socks. My favorite kind of dark brown. Gold diamond's down each side of the ankle. I'm going to get them to get that one a good scrub. And then by the way, why takes the whole, because I didn't trim my toenails that. I'm going to start on the other one. What is it though? What does that sound like? What's up? What's up? Oh, I have no confidence. Oh, I did check. You even can't catch him. Why? It's not a good little fact. I'll correct her and go back to your office. Oh, okay. Why? There's something to worry about. Back inside him. And schedule. Maybe clear channel by him. I've moved my pants. It's an asshole celebration. And they're all out on the street. See them on the padlock. We're here in the shut up and see. That's 20,000 asshole. You're an asshole from the made. The pathetic good people. That's the asshole from the made. That's the guy from the made. We've got the asshole, we've read him. That's the asshole from the made. That's the asshole for Jesus. The asshole for guns. asshole for justice. asshole, crime. asshole for asshole. asshole, all done. You got asshole making money. The making all the rules. Making all our jobs. They're up to two minutes of five to two. asshole, asshole, asshole. asshole, asshole. Guys. I'm a son of one. And asshole, you need to fly. Man, man, man, man, man, man. Man, man, man, man. Oh, you need to walk around. They're only about real estate. My life lasts long and I just love her. asshole, long and I hate her. asshole, you need to walk around. Man, man, man, man. Man, man, man. asshole, asshole. asshole, asshole. asshole, asshole. asshole, asshole. asshole, asshole. asshole, asshole. asshole, asshole. asshole, asshole. asshole, asshole. asshole, asshole, asshole. asshole, asshole. asshole, asshole, asshole. asshole, asshole, asshole. 20,000 asshole and I am so happy and it's different size because I need to lift half of the whole song for rain You know something Peter Lennon with two broken legs sounds real, real good to me Yeah, yeah, yeah Woo! Sounds excellent! 25 before 1 and 5, 60 WQA and we're back with a call here today might just be temporarily though Here's one from my chest here, hello Anyhow, how are you doing? Pretty good I've been here today Same to you As far as the new arena goes I'm going tonight, my nephew's a WF fanatic and I got a ride I watched it too, and what's sad is that this has been sold out for weeks Really? The heat can sell out if they're alive because of that Here's an athletic Yep, WF has been sold out probably for three weeks I mean when I got there I wanted to get the cheap C2 up there because I'm not going to pay 40 bucks I'm sweaty guy running around the rain Right, but... Lighter rain Yeah, it was like eight minutes into ticket sales and a predict was sold out and I was like whoa, you know I had this shell out of the 40 bucks for the bottom but whatever I was going to lay balls Yeah But that's a Ricky Martin always says And I'm taking the Metro fail and the mover because I'm not going to pay 80 bucks and walk through that neighborhood I mean a drop shot for an accrued I mean it's three blocks away from the overall Why would anybody who didn't want to walk around the other arena that's sitting there with 38 million dollars to load out of by the way Why would anybody who wouldn't want to walk there or want to walk by the new one? Yeah, I mean it's pretty pathetic I have to be nuts But yeah, drop shot for a ride at the doors Right, that's the only way I'll be home now Okay, good luck now Alright, no more calls and more bits Alright, there you go There's a guy that's got some good sense No more calls How about two bits or how about Don't get that fat bitch that's swat Monica Lewinsky's going to be hilarious King tonight Yeah, she thought she knew something about blow jobs Wait till she gets on that show Man Wait till Larry starts applying his tongue action 560 560 560 on the AT&T wireless line 9 What is it? 87785 New on the other town line That line forget to take it out Okay, just get rid of it North America North Miami, hello North Miami Hello Yes sir Yes sir Happy New Year And the same to you I'm a native of Miami I was born here in 1925 I'm listening to you for years Oh my God Wow Listen to you for years Well, we're getting pretty old, aren't we? Yes I love to do the past three weeks Not taking the calls Uh huh And very enjoyable And I've been on well My dad on the only farm at the coconut grow And we owned the property where a daydland is And he gave me two acres and I grew strawberries there Right And anyway, I became a major dean I've been a major dean and entertainment director on the beach for many many years In tour 1979 Uh huh I've written a book And I've got an odd job except the last chapters Yeah Jimmy Hoffa and my landscape Right And my landscape all end to the My boss has had the 7 hotels on the beach Well, maybe 8 Malnick will give you some information on that Yeah, I'll Malnick? Yeah, whatever his name is, I'll Malnick I know that's very well Yeah Anyway, last night I watched Touch by an angel Uh huh And they had the story of Anne Marguerdon You remember Anne Marguerdon? Yeah, sure Yeah, anyway, it was about the love of her She and her daddy Uh huh Anne Marguerdon and my wife I got married to say after World War II was over for the Northern And Anne Marguerdon and my wife were going to voice school together They were going to voice school? No, let the voice school My wife was going to voice school They may have done that too Uh huh Anyway, the voice school So I was really one day and they were taking their voice letters And they were taking their voice letters Yeah And all of a sudden they were all laughing How was your time to laugh? They were all laughing My wife opened the door and said, I don't even know what to say I forgot I just went off and got the laughing about You know what I was laughing about? What was that? They were doing the voice letters They were any single-class I see Oh my god Anne Marguerdon is at a big park Wow I'm adding the last step Starting to mark with them my books I'm going to program them I guess that here gives me a little bit of that from high sea Uh huh I was going to 25, I love my amic Yeah There's a lot of good Hard of a 64 But we're at 7-0-0 right You haven't read New Year pal There, okay Twenty Twenty-one till noon at 5-60 So when do we add Marguerdon up his organic fart? No offense but fall Sports radio Five six days You a ass Floridian Done after Uh Genie and Danny Jimmy and Danny Danny and the Serving Me Danny and Danny Danny and Danny Danny and Danny Danny and Danny We have a mobile from Miramar hello. I can hear me okay. I got a question about Jimmy and Danny situation. I had yeah Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny? Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny and Danny. Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Danny and Danny. And Danny and Danny and Danny. We have more about Jimmy and Danny after this word from Valley along the pottens or every apartment comes with its own frigid air. 244560 WQM the highest car ownership any country in the world highest number of cars for 1,000 people is you'll never get it Think of Bay Root Lebanon 731 people per 1,000 in Lebanon have a car. How do you like that? You want to know why? Because there's all those rich-year Arabs number two same reason Brunei 575,000 20 Brunei Number three you won't get you would never get this unless you've been enrolled and see all the unbelievable amount of traffic Obviously Italy I See now you would have thought US would have been number one in his winch Yeah, but they're not number four Luxonburg 561 a lot of wealthy people a lot of snob yeah Number five you want to say 518 for 1,000 people have cars in USA followed by Germany, Australia New Zealand, Iceland What else are they gonna do just drive around in circles? I guess switch a little Australia and Canada 457 a There a lot of interesting stuff in here which I mean not as interesting as that last guy Huh, he was pretty special you know what I'm saying 560 505 60 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line 877 oh look at this we got a call in four miles hello No, yes, sir. Hey, happy new year and the same you This one say that You're three weeks stretch there. Yes, I'm pretty admirable job I know it's difficult to do that such long since the time but I Just wanted to say that I think you need to stick with the colors towards things that three weeks stand I show again kind of terminal you're repeating yourself a lot You know you talk more about this Jimmy and Danny thing than they do no, I don't first no, I don't hate you No, I don't talk about it wrong. Well you talk about the opposite of it on mocking them you mock a more than they talk about yeah, no, thanks wrong Okay, that's it. See, so we have a disagreement. Thanks, do I know I don't I don't talk about them at all We play that bit and of course it's interesting because they're playing at bit to it's the first time they ever came in here And we collected a bit from this show. That's how popular that is See if you guys you've got a criticism fun and I can listen I mean you said it's a good repetitive and ponderous et cetera So I'm just like having to run up to the other room is gonna be a repetitive which I'm gonna have to do now anyway Thank you again Peter Leonard how many shows in a row can Peter Leonard destroy my system Right, my bowels bringing in crap. I don't want it get out of here go away God, do I hate them? See like I said he was very funny in the beginning a couple of times, you know and then he started to get annoying and now he's beyond annoying now He's like he's like poison Like poison on legs like poison with the same bite as then now you wonder why he's not a queer channelist man get him out of here Get him away from my life Peter Leonard is the antichrist Here's Hollywood hello Hello, yes sir. I want to bring greetings from the I was there over the week from what over the week and out at the Vatican And I was there watching the Pope here. He wore beautiful gold dress pulling with matching panties and Since Holy sweet with the sentence only 3% of a tie and this is go to church Art Catholics yeah, they had to pay all the bumps and not and street people Or to appear on the bus to the sun and they paid a roughly hey listen I'm glad you wasted all your good vacation time over there a hotkin and trying to go to pulp and all those bumps, okay 560 50 50 50 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line 87 775 6345 Here's Miami hello Yes, sir. Hey, how are you doing? Okay, I just have a comment about all those religious people that call you show and criticize you Here's Hollywood hello No, yes, sir. Hey, happy to hear and send you well, you know This is not a sports call. This is a dig at our Our beloved New York fans down here did you did you hear that latest news Ladies news of one well bill first. Well, that's not latest news. That's that's old stale news. Yes, he resigned He just resigned. Yeah, yeah, what does that mean? Why I don't understand what you're talking about it? They they helped us off in doubt yesterday They beat she had a little hotter in a pistol at the end of the year. I don't what you're talking about we didn't need them And let me say them you didn't need them. Well, if you cause pizza and it's can't kick the is out of a paper second anymore That's why you didn't need them and Joe netty did Yeah, and and well, it's we will hopefully be Kansas City so we didn't need to just name okay Pound grow up okay get a life and grow up good. They have this class. It's called grow up to be a man class Why don't you take it grow up and be a man? This man's life is surrounded by whatever bad can happen to the jet fans. That's what makes him happy Yesterday who was peanut is first pants when I look like Kansas City was gonna win that game to look I'm tired of late and then so out of which miss that field goal P in this pants praying that the goddamn jets would be the Seattle which they did a girl's team Unbelievable See that that's that's still I don't I'm not interested in it on that crowd I'm not interested in the sports nerd crowd They have I have no interest in anything that they're interested in nothing zero zippity do the you bore me your terminal I'd rather hear the other guys noron for a half an hour I'd rather talk to that old guy from 1825 but everything was talking about for another five hours than here your crap Talk about no material you're your five thousand votes does your call sure for no more calls everyone is show That's how valuable your call was in my mind 567 0560 pound five 60 on the 18 T. Wireless line Here's a mobile and bureau be chill. Oh Hello, yes, sir. Neil. Yes happy new year. Send you. Thank you very very much for giving me an endless number of years while I was the government's guest with no RIA girl I'll pledge a five out of seven days a week Uh-huh and prison bitch was the best thing that ever happened to my facility And I just want you to know that I think though I may have enjoyed you more on the last three weeks when you were talking on your road You were absolutely outstanding. I agree one hell of a talent. I agree Congratulations God bless you keep up the great and the plan and the best to you. Okay, and the best to you. I knew it in hours Whoo five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T. Wireless life We asked last Wednesday and you voted 40 percent of you said we want to call back We want those great colors. I mean, he was okay, but we want the calls We appreciate the fact he's done three weeks of brilliant broadcasting here But we want those calls back because that's what makes this show That's what spices it up. That's what makes it really exciting. Here you go. Here you are As they say in the Netherlands. There you are there you are Here's a mobile and open lock it. Hello Yes, sir. Happy new year. Same to you. Neil. I want to find out how many people were killed on the highways Dude alcohol versus marijuana Well, I don't know what the first number is but the second number will be That's what I thought. Okay. Thanks for feeding him back my own material. Okay. I mentioned that before to wake in and this guy's feeding me back my own material See there's another example his intentions are good but always doing a speeding back feeding back feeding back Like a parrot Like a minor bird Papa Papa papa That's all Like a parrot Yeah, that's just played a One day away You stay having a call Well, there was I'll just play that all day on an endless loop And then Peter Leonard can bring a lot more stuff in here and make me crap my brain talk. I've just become a human schmith bag. That's all Peter Leonard stay out of this studio if you know what's good for you. Okay, just keep away you piece of third you The spies that man like poison that I already say that and I'll say it again Here's a mobile and for a lot of deal. Hello Mobile and for a lot of deal Going once how come I don't have the thing on hello? Hello. Yes sir. Hey buddy. Hey, great my name's Dave. I'm call for four All right, though. Hey, do you suffer favor get rid of the colors they blow? Okay, well, there'd be a lot of guys want to address 560560 the colors blows in Oh, I love a lot of Dale. How do you like that? Here's a mobile and hell and Dale. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, Neil The last three weeks in good change. I would get the car all day every second, but It was a good change. Yeah, and But to work and and today and today I just got the truck into lunch and go back to my office But I want to make sure get my vote in that way you don't just know that we're not dead out here. Okay. Thanks, ma'am Say how to sign a given a big kiss on the lips 5605056 the pound five 60 on the AT and T wireless line. I think I'm just gonna go in there and submit my brains out for another hour Now come back to it will be over how's that ton? You got this box on tape. Sure. Yeah, I'm just gonna win Schmidt my guts out. That's a music. Thanks a lot Peter See it's my own fault though Because he gives me that stuff and then this it's always something new and different and always as the same catastrophic apocalyptic Resolve I mean you talk about the apocalypse coming it is right in my underwear Thanks to Peter Leonard Here's a mobile and oh could show me hello Good evening whatever it is happy. I'm a lot of you. Yeah, I don't know whether you're doing today But I think it's one of the best shows you've had in the long time you got me laughing myself silly We're great. Yeah, seriously. I'm about ready to wet my pants in the same way Absolutely as far as the calls are the no call. I'd like to politely remind you something you told us many times Yes, here's when we have our own radio show with our own name on it we can run in any way We want right as long as it's your show you're running to please yourself in the rest of the kitchen Let's it or we can turn the dial FNA Have yourself a great one and God bless you pal Take care. I'll pray for it. I'm praying for myself because I'm not gonna make it I'm not gonna make it I'm gonna make it but write in my pants What do you laugh at about? Well, I think you're gonna have to play the other how I'm gonna play something? No way I can't do that because there's not enough time This is this is because I when you come back this is like a daily feature now in the new Rogers show effect You're gonna be office pool springing up all over town. What time of the show will kneel be in his pants because Peter Leonard keeps bringing in these guy damn likes it is every day Oh my god almighty How about if we just play a little you know you think it by a beer by your Folks I'd like to You About me About the way our American hearts be laid down a lot on the fire chest About that special feeling we get to talk about In the world of the past maybe in the subcontract way Yeah, maybe in the river Maybe in the kitchen Maybe even in the Poland We don't I Just to make you a show with a regular job I'm your average white Superb the nice wow I like to call it for knowing books about for I got an average house Whether nice hardwood floor my wife and my job my kids and my car Don't let's able and the children But sometimes and just Kind of the keep a man like me No I know I've gotta go out and have fun if someone else is exist Well, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah I really hope in the over bad way Well people We Come on Come on What time you huh 1257 at five so well listen we don't have time to play the whole thing. I said I want to play the whole thing anyway the ass whole thing Seriously, we're gonna have to hire a hitman for that son of a bitch how many years about it? Do it as a hundred years if I had like a chronic problem of having to run together room like a nobody years once in a blue moon Once in a cock a moon, but with this guy every day that he comes in here with his stuff. I'm like Schmidt my brains out Kim Polkafer taught sports weekend right here on sports radio 5.56 I Like Oh Hitler was a maniacal dictator who started world war two and became the most hated name in the world But what about all those unfortunate shared his last name? What happened to them all this week the history channel presents the forgotten Hitler The All the wall I was doing with and this hey dog comes along The world was the know from Rabbi Shrobo Kippler So forgotten Hitler's on the history channel shows you how even the most distant relative can screw up your life My name is Nancy Hitler. I was the owner of the biggest daycare center in America Well, we were about to begin franchising our business when the war came along Well, all of a sudden no one wanted to send their kids a little Hitler's daycare Join us all this week as once again We find a way to make a new program out of the same 200 feet of news real film So forgotten Hitler only on the history channel 102 at 5.60 WQM just like Karen Carpenter said I've only just begun There's met my brains out nice Peter don't ever come back again top smokers country Where the annual consumption cigarettes per capita per day is the highest Number one friends Not on the top 10 wow Try to the southeast more like in the Mediterranean east of Italy Bosnian West Tutturkey no East south West of Israel northwest hanging down Greece there you go, let's hear it They're drawn to math in my head Greek smoke an average of 7.4 cigarettes per day per capita Number two right on their ass right on their rectum behind Japan 7.3 followed by South Korea what else are they gonna do won't you area Poland switch-a-land check Republic lot of smoke In the check Republic let's go hungry Spain and the number 10 with average of 5.8 WSA An average per canethy right average consumption per capita per day So the average American including little kids most five cigarettes a day So why not up She let's out a gigo When he makes an wiggle Money goes not the kind you can do in the behind But a cigar and her vagina she's all mine Where he don't know where a stove he goes I can see how there was some confusion between humans or and human And then I can saw the sun's seater box means to her naked stars report you need to go in line That prison he was working hard late nights in the ovary office Working on a practical joke And I'll come back in the window for the next floating Loading for a money go with flowing rings a snow There's a garden money goes vagina She let's out a gigo Every time he makes a wiggle Money goes not the kind you can do in the behind But a cigar and her vagina she's all mine Where people feel that Hillary's been made a fool of by her husband Feel that Hillary was wrong And then the link in that room she was mownin More and more and how far was doing her with billed old bombs Billed the cars and money goes vagina She let's out a gigo Every pregnant time he makes a wiggle Money goes not the kind you can do in the behind But a cigar and her vagina she's all mine Where can they stand in Yes, I'm sorry that's her Oh yeah What you gotta do is take a picture Oh 107 at 560 WC I'm not forget petto Bismarck for all you borrowers makes your stools black Trust me, okay, let's get to somebody's fantastic. Oh, I don't think so What What are you laughing about do you think this is a joke if you think I'm joking about there? Huh? Why did I just leave it? I thought I put it on right into the break I don't think I'm gonna stop see what this man does not understand is that every piece of this stuff he brings in here has got some kind of artificial sweetener in it Malpital sorbitol like the tall Crap it all and that's what you do and I'm allergic to every one of those in this man keeps And flipping and it's fascinating and if we had anybody run in this god damn place they keep the sales people out of here permanently When it bout keep them out him especially Know what the hell does Ellie Brecker one in the middle might stress Hello, maybe she's the cause of hello. Oh So on this subject of tobacco My significant other who's 55 years old had a major heart attack a week ago Sunday And oh, he is right and double bypass surgery on Monday and The cardiologist looked at him and said you are here because you smoke Yeah, so I just have that to say about that I'm not even good news Yeah, I probably didn't help that the day before happening it an entire pint of fish food Well, what all you know an entire pint make it sound like there's a lot there How about fish concert I'm sorry So that's the only reason the fish concert went over biggest because I made fish food popular a bit of Anyway, so this is just a little cautionary tale for Certain people who indulge in certain things that are bad for them You don't want to have the having them let you open like a bill of weird chicken, you know It's just not any fun. Yeah, so Anyway, you could say get well Markey, would you say that from No, please What's his name mark? Well, I'm not gonna say marky. I mean, oh Get well Mark Thanks, dude. It's this broad bass See you, Ellie Bye bye Woo, talk about it. See I'm talking about manic the press a psychotic I was feeling so great when I came in here as Mario's on top of the world in a great mood first show of the new millennium I came on it said yeah, we go happy new year and now it's Yeah, Russian roulette time with all loaded chambers How's Marilyn chambers doing by the way? Oh, I know she was forced her and what's the name from deep throat? Linda love the lovely. Yeah, she was forced she was tortured She would they held a gun the way I had while she did I didn't see the gun in the film did you see the gun in the head Look like a gun coming to 10th to one at five sixty w q a Sports leader Sports radio five 60 You a half look at and stick I know that was right like a thesis in the ocean Strongly will know they're not found out the show The song is yeah, nice Please say hey Oh Okay Yes You good show If you blow me Just one What you Oh Me Just one All right What 13 at five fifty w q a I'm also in the video we got Hank from the club from Gulf Dream and two the booster Retikton Monday and football a dog of a game 40 honors in the foul coups eight forty five tonight World's top 10 religions number one is See you wouldn't get this because they lump I just they lump all the Christian religions together Well, I have to say Christian. They're in like I say George will get it because oh Christianity one billion nine hundred twenty seven million five hundred nine and six Number two One was easy number two Hinduism That's number three Number two Shintoism Try a little of the west of the Hindus oh, oh Islam there you go there you go Graphical help Number four far to the east Ballism who doesn't there you go number five Chinese spoke religion Oh, sounds like one of those companies to one of those high-quality balls right-oh horn number six new religion followers of Asian 20th century new religions new religious movement Radical new crisis religions and non-Christian sin what is that? Oh, I can't even say that Seven ethnic religion eight Sikhism nine Judaism In 10 spiritism oh I do like spirit And I got a line on them hey what's the line on at the spirit game tonight? I ain't like I got a line on that Catball and I have it for you tonight Let's fix the morning stellar calls here today today today that I decided to do a come in which was a bad mistake Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Oh, I'm right, let's hear it. We got to almost three and a half hours here on a Monday to first day of the brand new millennium Finally, I think because we can't get the phone fixed right That was special. I mean totally out of uh left field off of the wall 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line did we have anybody was on that carnival cruise that wants to sumic years in Zandr? Oh no One or two who was at the arena last night for that heat game and they're all they're all pissed off and part up including that same short to the call 40 times today 877 856345 and he got a town line Here's Miramar hello Hello, yes, sir. Really. Yes, how you doing welcome back Hey, listen really quick. I want to make this quick car What we know what are you doing why you accepting the callers your show sucks without the callers You know you know come on give me a break here and what do you have to tell us today sir? What you're I've got to tell you that you have no material to talk about. Okay, great. Thank you Here's Miami. Hello Hello, hi, how are you doing okay? You know just call the sale. I love you show and love uh everything that you talk about I just let you know that I'm one of the women out there going for you. Okay, thanks Okay Yeah Anything else you can say That I'll comment to Anything else I can say yeah, you're the one who made the call I would assume I don't like while talking to you Well, what do you want to talk about anything you want to talk about Oh boy like I said let's get these callers back on like this last year that quantum Specs as I got no material I got another talk about that's why the three weeks with no goddamn calls You're no problem at all like I like reslighting no complaints Now I open up to the calls and what do we got the lemon lemon lemon lemon lemon lemon lemon And then the fly off what do you want to talk about what do you know what do you want to talk what do you want to do? Why do you want to do when you want to go what do you want to how about macaroni and cheese? Oh my god get the sun sent a lot again sweetheart. Where's that headline on a front page? Searching for a pulse looking for a pulse Here's for a lot of deal hello Dale yes sir Hey, this one I mean one of dumb bras What do you want to talk about Neil? Yeah, you want to talk about Neil? He makes the effort to call the show she makes a little compliment kind of a burlake here Yeah, come on come on. We don't let's get to the me the the matter. What do you want to talk about sweet? I want to talk about Little loser yeah How do you feel about Audrey Denton? About what? Audrey Denton who he ran the the dolphin just the Sunday 567.0560 pound 560 on the 18t line 877 785 6345 as we probably say goodbye to calls for the rest of this month Maybe what we'll do is we'll try to the first of each month and see if it gets any better which I doubt How does that sound or maybe I don't know there's got to be some formulas to be so that they don't feel totally cut up I mean here was their golden opportunity especially on the heels of the millennium and the y2k and all the succeeding stuff and the opening of the new Mickey arena and a million different things And then this is why I bet even one 30 yet and there is goddamn stale is the last centuries. Howlava Here's a mobile inform lauderdale hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, you get me a date. What conferred date? You know large audience pretty good. Here's a lady mobile inform lauderdale hello Neil. Yes, man. Hi. Hi. I just want to know that I love your show with and without colors You are the best. Uh-huh. My sister turned me on to you wait back when when you were on that night So so many years ago right in the previous similar name right the one before the last one. Yeah And I just love you. I just want to say that okay All right, thanks. Okay, listen if you love me that's great, but don't call me to tell me that okay I'm I'm flattered. I'm happy. Please listen continue But it is not interesting radio just stuck in a loud is not interesting radio It's that's what that was my whole point and you folks don't seem to get it. I've spent three weeks making that point Just ingratiating yourself to the host and sucking around and you know, leave that to Larry King Who be sucking around Monica's big fat back home? No, okay? That's not it's not interesting radio. It's terminal. It's ponders. It's embarrassing It's humiliating. It's the greating to me But other than that, it's great Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hello, Neil. Yes, sir I ain't put the program I was just wondering if you know your advice on something here How you would handle the situation that I'm facing right now? I was a guest at the PGA Resort overnight guest there back on December the 4th and Checked out and realized that I had left a piece of jewelry behind the gold chain And you know, it's just a place where you pay you know 250 $1 a night to say so you feel like you know if you leave something behind Perhaps you got a pretty good shot at getting it. There you don't I would never I've been plays the Warriors five star restaurants all our hotels rather all over the world and I wouldn't expect to find something if I left it behind Really no I'm sure that in the fine print of the contract and whatever you sign when you you know Check in or whatever. I'm sure that in the fine print it's is did not responsible for items left behind Well, actually I mean if I made it I you know report with their security and I'm mostly going to make a report with a local police because a I'm not really quite sure if I left it behind or if it was actually taken out of my room so so that what do you have you got to withstand on then if you're not the Sure you're you even with the story is with it Well For once it'd be already knowledge of fact if I already offer me you know money to really actually what the material value was take the money You know grab the money. Yeah, but the point is grab the money man What I'm giving my opinion I'm giving my opinion pay for the money 560560 Yeah, I want your opinion and see I didn't tell me you wanted to hear so the above about and I wasn't yeah to late Finally, I said I have an 0560 pound 560 call up Dr. Laura. She'll bitch you out Here's Miami Beach hello Yes, or Oh, no the French Canadian It's just been spotted off while I'm there We need to get mayor Penga and I notice oh Here's a mobile in crawl springs hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. I think the format for your show should be just like sports and baseball Free douchebag calls and you quote him three do bags in your out. Yeah, good point excellent and then you can go back Oh, wait wait wait a bit back to you a no call format by 10 30 That's it. It'd be just three calls every day good. Excellent Then you know that's what time you got to deal these idiots and how she got to put up with them. Okay Thanks very good idea three douche bags in your out not bad And I apologize for you know sitting down here we didn't expecting people out there who are listening to have anything to say about anything in the world It makes any sense it might be interesting or better taning or I'm using or you know be able to have a little verbal in your course I apologize for my unreal expectations, you know Here's a mobile in hialia hello. Hey Neil. Yes, sir. How are you going? Okay? Man, you got loves to be called as man. I just want to say that you caught me on the Your last day there when I think it was Thursday and you said all right the last 10 minutes Should we hold one of the lines? I fell for it. When is it? Wednesday, but Thank God we can talk to you again, but you then you got some real losers today. Yeah, thank you But I mean Well, wait wait wait wait wait. You said thank God we can talk to you again Yeah, and what do you want to call me about? I just wanted to tell you how you use you look at me What that Talk to you again so you can say one Yeah, I just told you I love just what I was just wanted Man, you try your fluff for me man. What are you doing for me? Have a great day, bro? All right, but happy new year. You too bad. Okay I trust them. I mean I asked him well, what did you want to talk to me about And he said Okay, that's all make him a bad guy, but he just that's what he wanted to talk about What did you want to say about? He wanted to say yeah This is this is special. This is one of the most important shows that have ever done in my life I mean this has been just phenomenal What a fly opener. This has been 56050560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line that out of town line man. It is smoking is it smoking? No, no, not to tell a Breaker calls. You said nothing of the smoke and 877 785602 40 and wasn't she uplifting there huh say hi my amarky Mikey Mikey he likes it. What ever it helps you with tell me to say Which by the way, they had a thing on which she was at A&E A and he's got great stuff on they had a thing about the best commercials at last Millennium yeah The alcoholculture one and you know something I had even forgotten some of the great alcoholculture one like the species spicy meatball and I can't believe I ate the whole thing and of course we all know especially today. We don't Plot this fits mostly just a plot plot part today. Thanks Peter you saw about bitch But yeah, that was pretty good now. What was number one? See I don't agree with that was the one I was shown only one time in a super bowl It was for the For some internet thing. What that was it from four I was a one with a check running in the hammer and uh that the one now was with all the space people there They only showed it once during a super bowl The check running with a hammer that's a different software Microsoft for something like that I'm gonna blow close to show you that I'm right that it wasn't because it was so great We remember what the goddamn project was if it was during the super bowl and everybody's seen exactly Good point Mr. Nunnsports 125 and five 60 WQA. I'm happy new year from only one South Florida radio station has the hammer You're listening to me weekday afternoon to two sports radio five 60 QA All about your evil eyes And the big black jobs between your die Roy They're so full Sister We got All your evil eyes. You must be come to what's left now, baby. Whether for charity or for between your new year. Jesus through and through and about. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Jesus through and through and through. Hey! You're a child with your eyes. You're a child with your eyes. You're a child with your eyes. You're a child with your eyes. All your things when your blood's fine. They run round. Now let's touch the empty walls away. Jesus through and through and through. We've all had you all in us for your life and you. What's 30 and five 60 WM I think we'll make it today although there was some moments earlier. I had my doubts five six seven oh five 60 and you know George and that were just to talk about the chronics we've had they we've had at least two maybe all three of that little circle jerk group a little Julio's up there. They used to show the personal play toy every day. We've had at least two of those. We had the guy with the eyes. We had the little little Eddie. We had Dave the cop which had any mother put none of your. I mean if that's what you want is a show like the sports shows. Especially that morning show all here's Dave the jet spent here's the ability ability to jet spent here's you know I see I'm not interested in that. Let them are the woman to holiday in through that that's an actually is not a radio show where we talk to the same chronic every single God damn day. If you find that entertaining I'm sure that those of you who take the show if I've made you will just do that we'll go back to the archives and we'll take a bunch of the. The chronic's calling in and put those on a tape and we'll sell those tapes. As opposed to putting your live on the air, which I don't think we want to do do we want to do that? No, no. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. Hey, New high you doing. Okay sir. I just want to say I know much you know much about surveys. I just want to hear some survey. I say, you know I'm much about do love listening to you. I think you're I know how much you're going to hate in the talk of myself. I think you're great. Get rid of the cars because I do listen to you. And most of course things you do talk about. From what I go to go, what's your gear? I even listen to you on the internet. That's how good you are. So I think I get rid of the cars. Just let me hear you. One point. Okay. Thanks for the suction. Okay. Well, there's a good suckup call because we see sand something as opposed to. Hi. I said wonderful. You said wonderful. Oh, you're just so wonderful. Oh, you're wonderful. You know, so least this guy's got an opinion on something. I don't mind that. Which is the plain pure shameless suckup calls are terminal. Here's a highly a hello. Marico. There you go. Add that to your list. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. You know, even though I never call, this is my first time of film nervous. However, why would you be nervous? Oh, no. What if my friends are listening? Oh, they're not. They're not. No, but let me tell you, me and my buddies here at the bank. We like listening to you. We love listening to you. I'm the only confessing female though. But I love when you ran to the race. And I love when you make fun of the colors. Cut the colors. I don't like just hearing a bit. I know it's important for you to hear. And it is important. I'm listening. If for your opinions. Now, but I love it when you're in a bad mood. I love it when you yell at the car. You'll ever want to be a bad mood. Well, that's great. That's a fancy. Maybe you can't give you the address. You can bring some of the tunyas from my funeral, too. Okay, it's not good for your health, but you're okay, well. Yes. So. Okay, well, that's all. Thanks. Thanks. Bye. Bye. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Happy New Year. Happy New Year. Yes, sir. It is. I've been calling. I've been listening for a long time since you were with the nerd. Yeah. And I really enjoyed the show, obviously. I've never called before. I just wanted to tell you happy New Year. I had a great time on South Beach this weekend. At midnight we were right on the edge of the water. Everybody was pulling off their clothes and jumping in the water. You could see them right. You could see them silhouetted in the fireworks reflection. And the water was a phenomenal image. If I get my pictures back and they come out, I'll send you something on the email. But we had a great time. I just wanted to say, sometimes you know, you put down Miami. But it's a great place, especially when you get on a boat and get away from it. Now, ready to get on a plane of get away from it. It's even better. So now we say. Yeah. Well, I also just wanted to say, I love when you, in a very timely way, cut people off on the phone. Okay. 560560. 560. Here's the calling for a buyer. Hello. Hey, how's it going Neil? Pretty good, sir. I'm happy to hear you. I'm happy to hear you. Thank you, man. Happy to be faithful, I mean, whatever. Hey, I'm just to the end right now. So I don't know if you talked about this, but I know you've been asking for a topic or whatever. I have. Has it been well, you said you said you were, you're something, some earlier before you're saying, calling and talking about something. So what? Right. Somebody was something to say, right. Right. Have you, I don't know, computers, my delay was that spot. We were talking about, but anyway, going. Okay. I don't know if you talked about this yet, but have you talked about the fact that, um, No, Charles, salt is retiring? No, why would I talk about that? Okay. I mean, it's just, I mean, the man. But I mean, what does there to say? A lot of people enjoyed his work and, you know, I was okay if, you know, I mean, I would say I put him in a kitchen chair room with, like, Henry Porter's somebody like that. No, I mean, I just, I just wanted to, more or less, more like Einstein, I would say something like that. I mean, I don't know, but I mean, the less I just wouldn't show him trying to make a big issue out of it. I mean, we're looking for a kind of a topic and, you know, I don't want to be pondering. But what did you say about him? Well, I mean, I mean, I'm only 24. Right. I mean, I enjoyed the cartoon. I was kind of sad. I kind of thought a lot of people miss it because it'll, like, take it away. There's security blanket, you know. Well, but not mine, but I mean, I don't take it personal, but a lot of people who use this kind of, like, a security blanket. I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I just, I'm on the line as Paul and that would have been good. Hey, did you line as Paul and he's in the same category, would say with Charles Schultz? He's probably better than a good pencil ball though. Yes. Okay. I like to kick that football up, I think he's thinking of that. Connor, right in his rectum. Okay. Now, I'm going to do it. Okay. Okay. Yeah, let's talk about peanuts. I don't know. Okay. Sorry. That's what we ought to do from now. Well, let's the colors at the beginning of the show for ten minutes of your day. What's the colors called in with topics? What did that a good idea? No. Just a thought. Here's Boca, hello. May Snoopy rest in peace now. Right. Hey, I hope that New Year treated you well over the weekend. Yes, so just fine. I got a question for you. I'm not originally from this area, so if you can enlighten me a little bit. Me either. Okay. I'm not sure everybody knows that. You've been around here longer than I have when he, let me put it down. Uh, the boat went to the Haitians, the 400 Haitians. Yeah, so I was going to talk about that today, but I guess I was going to save it for tomorrow, but we can talk about it now since it's almost as interesting as trail shows. Maybe you could explain the inconsistencies because I really don't understand it. Well, they're too dark, you know, they're too damn dark. And they don't sell those baseballs the way that they used to. You know, that's why they're going to always own runs or so. Okay. They want to send them back to make the baseballs. Right. Not because they can throw them. That's correct. But what if they didn't have to do this for a thickest trail baseball in 96 miles an hour, they would have stayed here. That's right. I mean, if Joe Kubas could decide him up and give him a meat to cell phone and arrange to pick him up in a little banana boat, they don't say that. They don't know that it only doesn't make it. And you can't strike that could be it. But I think they'll do it. He's pretty dark and he don't look too bad. I'm just curious. What if they look too good to me, but I don't know what the policy is. I prefer for the brain myself. It seems that some humans are not not the stereotype. Well, it's a funny, funny, funny, funny, funny, hypocritical thing to pass in, you know what it's all about. Politics, Haitians don't have any political constituency down here and plus they have too much garbage underlaw. You know, I know, but what is the rule? The rule is the Cuban adjustment act. That's the problem. It's a stupid law that we made that says that if you're from Cuba, you can put your tow on it. You know, it's the in and out law. If it towers on, you're in and if it's out, you're out. Okay. So if you're from Cuba, you make it a shore. You got it. Baby, that's it. But if you're six year old, and you didn't make it a shore, you can still say. Well, if enough people make a big stink about it. I see. And if you're Haitian, you're you're out. Well, Haitians are in a so-and-basable, small-sipersian, you're out. And so when they get here, they say you're out. And there are also some Chinese and other people on that boat, too. And they said, we got enough tanks here already. Goodbye. Hey, if it's pure plain bigotry, if institutionalized bigotry is what it is. Okay. I didn't know if I was missing something. But you got to admit that Haitians do put a lot of garbage out on the line. You know, if they start keeping house a little better, we might let's tomorrow. Well, you're on the table. I'll have a good day. Have a good day. Am I right? If they would just tidy up a little bit, and they have a democracy. We have diplomatic relations with them. Oh, stop. They got a democracy. Are you all pleased? Oh. Oh, I'm making that up. They got a democracy. You should live in such a democracy, Mr. Man. Then we go to war to make it. Yeah. It's beautiful. It's lovely. It's lovely. That's why they're here. That's why they're promising hearings, by the way, of the people that they're taking. Just in case there might be political ram on the case. You're under we can't want to arrive. Exactly. They're telling them what they want to hear because, you know, and then just be a good boy and go back where you belong. Yeah. That's right. Baby docking, Papa docking. I've got this new criminal. Whatever criminal we put in place, like the Shah of Iran. He was a good guy. That's why we lined up with the guy. Yeah. It's right. He's our buddy. Most of you, any more. I'll tell you that. 21, but you don't see Iran up there. What all those cars do? No. Should drive to work? No, Iran. 21, before two. At five, 60, WQAM. Sports radio. Five, 60. You. Hey. What did he say? The new rod is even the hearth out. I'll be soon from one star picture. Combined the highest residential ever Titanic. And one of America's greatest stories, movie deck. Tommy Lee, star zine Titanic. Can't I have a view seen a white whale? No. But I just saw this guy out on a boat with his girlfriend. You should have seen that size on his. He's a white. He's a blue. As the boat sings, Captain A. Have tried desperately to video tape Titanic. This in action. Moving closer. By zoom lens only goes for five. Why don't you just walk up to the front of the boat. You're peg like bastards. Titanic. One Delta protection up the front of the menman's. I. Video. Hey. You. Playing now. In VCR's across America. Oh, you don't have to go to say. Can beat that. A, your meat. One a bit. 18, before two at five sixty W, two and five sixty seven. Five six seven, five, six sixty. Five six. We're returning with our great phone calls here today. Oh, it was spectacular man. Here's pepper pine. Hello. Hey. New. Great. Happy New year. And I helped you one day. I'm happy. Have you seen the user in yours? Thank you. A couple things. First of all, you mentioned before. Kind of stole my son. It's kind of a commercial. We're talking about with the 1984 Super Bowl. When Apple introduced the Macintosh. Right. I did not, but I have that commercial and video tape from a clear award that was on about 10 or 12 years ago. Because they showed all the spots, you know, that were that the voter for. And they showed about the first 20 seconds of it and I showed it off and went to whatever else I was watching. Well, this was like a big brother motif, everybody's looking at a screen and some guy and right. Anyway, it's why I turned it off. Meanwhile, something that I give you a little talk about is driving around this weekend and you've mentioned several times about when you see somebody driving and they have the little fish on the back of the car. So I'm driving along and I see somebody with a fish on the back of the car. Then I'm getting closer because they're driving very poorly. And as I get closer, I see something written in there and it says, it says Darwin. Right. And then at the bottom of the little fish, there's little feet. Mm-hmm. So I thought that was great. It was like a real knock on the pole. Yeah, which we had more than. That was my favorite is the one that's shaped like a, like a, like, mask, you know, it's round. And it's, if you look real close, it says, go filter in the middle. I could never see that. Yeah. We're, we're, we're without the jelly. With, with that tray, you got to wash it off. It's, it's, it's, it's hot. It is, you right. But a little horse radish to do it. The horse radish is great. Um, okay. Well, let's go slice your dogs ahead and have a great thing. Thanks, Neil. You too. Sounded like a German shepherd. I don't want to, you know, sound like a, yeah, that would be a great, would that be a great show. Have you dug bark and I'll tell you what kind of dog it is? Yeah. Now we're talking, we'll come up with some great format to kind of like break up the mountain. Either it's guy damn boring as town. Yeah, put your animal on a phone, make it a little gutter will sound. And I'll tell you what it is. Okay. Put your pussy on a phone, huh? Here's a mobile and a forward waterdale. Hello. Maybe I'll just get that here last week for me, Cleveland and my wear home. Yes, sir. So far, the sun set and I'll have to be able to find me with a newspaper. What's the, just to the article you're talking about, Bill Pulse? What's the, what's the, oh, no, it's just, uh, it was just, uh, it was just, uh, it was about the dolphins. It had a picture of frustrated Dan Marino on the front, you know, when they got their ass kicked by Washington again, you're back into the playoffs. And it said, looking for a pulse, meaning the dolphins, though, even though they're in the playoffs, of course, they backed in and they're like, uh, close to death. Well, but it was perfect for the whole town. I thought it better than my team back in Cleveland anyway. I thought I thought it might be a more serious article about some of the, of meeting folks. So I guess I could pass on to you. Yeah, but that, you know, you know, the thing is usual. All right. It could be down here. Good listening to you. There's nothing like you back home. And have it. Okay. Thanks. See. Nothing like that Cleveland playing dealer, man. Is there anything like it? Uh-huh. Oh. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a call in four minors again. Hello. My nigga Neil. Yes, sir. I'm a first friend of call. You're nigga to hold you. Then the new millennium. Right. Here's our first nigga, uh, caller, uh, I'm a smartman. Becoming to a nigga, either. All right. Hey, what, um, you know, how's going to be easy for wrestling, my name's back up to get calls and just like hard for you. I don't understand. How easy how easy it is to what? For them guys to get good calls and like for you and this show for fuck. What guys? Rush Limbaugh and, uh, Gordon Lidio. First of all, first of all, Rush Limbaugh hardly takes any calls. And number two, they're all very heavily screened. And 99% of the people are calling in the suck up and agree with his right wing extremist views. And additionally, she's not about 300 videos, nation. And you know what? I mean, I was watching NBC the other day. I had this with a summer. Not really interesting, but they're in Pakistan and they're at the CNN or NBC with like, uh, uh, mostly computer transformation made this country and they talk about everything and had a big happy New Year side. And she knows she's like, yeah. And they have to hide a little few rates 90%. Some taking like, can these bastards even read this time that they have up there? Yeah. Okay. You were right. I'm going to show what's going to be very interesting in your right. Oh, yeah. Plus, I recently moved these cards ahead of sign on it right now. They say, uh, this cards were taken by Jesus Christ security. Oh, have a great day, pal. Okay. I'll pray for you. Okay. Bye. Woo. Yep. The moment we got the army getting them, we got this and that. We got our guns. We're going into hills and my brother's going to happen. That's going to happen in the Raptor and Jesus coming back. Anybody see Jesus over the weekend? Oh, no. So if you guys would sandals on, but nobody named Jesus. Like I keep trying to explain you folks, okay. This is all a bunch of man-made crap. And I'll tell you right now. All you kids out there if you're listening most of the kids are back in school. But the ones who aren't. They're playing hooky today because they enjoy being off. Get close to nature, kids. Nature is where it's at. That's the one more that I'll give you. Nature. That's what man needs to understand is nature. All the rest is man-made bull crap. Bullshmit. Nature. Oh, that's a dirty word. Next we'll be talking about like, oh, and by the way Charles Darwin was on that list of the top 100 most influential people. There you go. And I'm going Charlie. Oh. Here's a mobile and Davy. Hello. Hey, now what's up? How you doing, sir? I wanted to ask you opinion about the Iraq War Act rate. The verdict is out. What the heck? I said the verdict is still out. I have most feelings about it. I don't know. He looked great and you've skated fast, but he never finished. He didn't score a lot of goals. And you got to trade kids. You know, maybe he wasn't going to get any better. You got to trade him while he still was getting the verdict is out because we don't know if we're going to be any good or not. Well, how about at the end of the year with the no expense, you know, the expansion team? Right. Which goal did we protect is kids? First of all, it all depends. I mean, for him 36 years old. So, do you think they're going to trade him? I have no idea whether they're just going to leave him on protected. You have to have one goal. You have not to protect for the draft. And if he doesn't play all that greater if it turns out he's not going to play that much longer. He might be the guy you don't protect. Oh, no. And now at least they got three guys. They got the kid's shoulder. Myster and they got kid when he comes back. And then they got four goals. And they got still incoff, which is the forgotten man right now. Right. Okay. And you know, thanks a lot. Okay, I'm a great thing. Still like all, I think he's going back to Siberia, right? Yeah, he just, the kind of disappointed sticky. 5605, that's kind of how he played. 5605, 50, 50, pomp, 50. So what's the verdict for tomorrow? You want those calls tomorrow or what? Huh? What's pombie? Tell all. And you know how to go. Great. I didn't hear, I couldn't hear sure, but I'm just going to let me down. What are your phone is cutting in now? What is it? Bobby Bauden? What about him? I didn't hear you mentioned much about him today. I mean, I don't do a sports show number one. No, but I mean, this is you always say what's wrong with sports. This guy seems to be the epitome of what's wrong with sports. Meaning horrible. Meaning what? He's horrible. Why? He's got players breaking whatever their rules are. And so all of the shoulder rest of them. Sir, call up to sports. They're in shows and see if they want to talk about some right neck like Bobby Bauden. I have no interest in Bobby Bauden. Although his son, Terry Bauden is even a bigger right neck than he is. And I say, is that I'm a one right neck in the universe. He was on a telecast on the Orange Bowl telecast 30 night. I thought I was going to just Yahoo myself to death there. Right at half time. I thought he was going to lay like a big chicken egg right there on the chair. I thought he was going to blacken that stool before the end of the half time show. And then thank god Tom Brady came back out there with me. Oh man, I bet you're mad at you. He's squeezing himself. Wow, yeah. He's squeezing it. Can you imagine your old mad dog and he must have been psychotic over the fact that he had to be up there in Washington to do that stupid dolphin. Meaningless game here today, well, he could be down here watching the Michigan with a phenomenal unbelievable victory against the, I don't know who it was watching Tommy Brady pull it out. He has a stunt. I'd like to watch him pull it out. I'm not even necessarily put it back in. 56050505050 on the AT&T. This guy haircut Tommy that's all I asked. Maybe man, this can find a good nice barber. He's played his last game at Michigan. Find a good barber and you know, dress him up there a little bit mad dog. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. 150, 10 till 2 at 560WQM15 is like only 60 70 hours ago George and I sat down here this morning to do this show. What did he part you from the last three weeks? You know what I mean? Yeah. Oh man. It's enough to knock this shit out of you. And I think it did. See that Peter Leonard are both. Maybe it was a combination. Wake up. With the first piece, your role is to get the part. If he goes to you. We see morning to six. Only on sports radio 560QA and they play like men and they look like women. SH搬 watch. gakahski Woosgood. No he who's-crashin' collars. The same assortment of assholes. Men always call you on the phone. Wanna hear their voice on the radio. In loudounds. Make a dribbled something to the show. So, it's all in the show. So, the show's not fine this way. Don't pick up. So, we've already heard it all. They got you, got hands of all. So, the new show is out the call. So, it's all in the... Let them go find something else in there. No more chronic bloopers like the guy with the eyes. So, all of these new year too. And that is gone. Thanks to you. So, pick up. So, we like the way it goes. It's all in the cup. So, we're going. What's more, can please more on that. You want to welcome back as Max. Or can I call someone to smack his toe. Oh, he's gone. And there plays a factory. We'll soon. Okay, 154560W2. I'm the pain is almost over, baby. A couple of factors including one from John and Linda, who got for Christmas. Whoever wrote this one, they're just to give them $20,000. Part of an early inheritance. I didn't like that. I was going John and Linda by the way. We like you a lot. I just thought I mentioned it. Also, here's one from Joe who says, He's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Ron Joe, I think he's the golf. Yeah. I gave him a couple of reasons why. Okay. Number one, I've moved on here about four months ago or so. And moved from Chicago. They call it the city that works. I come down here and I tell you what I've never seen so many pitiful people. This is the city that doesn't work. It does not work. Right. I've never seen so many pitiful people. This is the city that doesn't work. It does not work. Right. I cannot believe some of the things that go on around here. As far as just as simple points, dry cleaner, two creases on your pants. Take them back. Can't get them done right. Simple, simple little thing. Right. Basically, little things like showing up at an appointment like my long guide. I was supposed to put in my flowers, I'll stuff weeks and weeks and weeks and weeks ago. And just, you know, is in limbo somewhere. Or my bunk band, we just vanished from the face of the air. That's business. That's part of the course down here. Let me guess that it was because of the weather and the rain. No, it was because it just vanished. I mean, I don't even know why it's because. Forget about getting a reason. They just are in limbo somewhere. Yeah. The other issue is that I've noticed that the school system down here is simply fantastic. They've got about what 36 to 40 kids in up. Let's say kindergarten class. Yeah, in a port of party, right? In a port of potty. And also, you know, my wife and I have to look for an alternative solution. Right. And I have a lot of five, six thousand dollars for a care. Okay. So nobody here cares about those things. There's never any discussion, a meaningful discussion about public education. There are a lot of arguments about building more stadiums and more arenas and more crap and more nonsense. Nobody here cares about these things. This is not a real place. And I've been saying that here for 24 years. And people think that I have a crappy attitude or I'm a bad guy. I mean, this is just the way it really is here. Well, I got to tell you some. I appreciate your, your, your, your show. And to reaffirm some of the things that I believe and I believe you should take the collar still. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Okay. There's a guy from Chicago, which says take the calls, but this place blows is what he said. Oh, hey, listen, we got nice weather and we got nice weather. And most of the time, it's pretty nice weather. Here's Volka. Hello. Good. Okay. I just like to say, I came down here from a New Jersey and like a show. And I came down here to the fish concert in the Indian reservation. Right. I'm going to say that. It was really well run. And I think that was data far to Oka-Tobi who had the first chance of it. It made a really big mistake because what the concert brought to the state of Florida and to the Indian reservation has tremendous unemployment. Usually, the shist tremendous the amount of about 500,000 dollars. Right. Really no problem. It's a traffic on the unfortunate. That's probably a street food container's left behind. But other than that, it's a funny because everyone needs them. But then I feel like it's too expensive. All those people agree with you. It's a piece of love and sandals and Darwin and nature and all those things, even though I'm not so much that guy. But the state of Florida is a really great job. And I don't even think the state realized that 80,000 people came to their state for this show. And for a band, virtually no one knows yet. Gloria Epiphan on the PG, he's telling me to sell out these arenas down to Miami. And just I want to explain the ticket. Yeah, it's just a wonderful time. And just a great time. And last, not least, I think the New Arena, they'd like to say that. I heard about Miami is a big joke because I heard a few years ago that they had built that other arena about 10 years ago. And it's supposed to improve the downtown area around the arena. Oh, it's lovely. Isn't that having to see all the beautiful new shops in the house safe it is down there? Yeah, it's sort of a little bit. Yeah. I mean, just like in Cleveland, you know, when they build their new stadium, it's so great. Yeah, they take all the money away from the schools because they don't get a tax money anymore. So I'll be a statement. Stainting's happily. These crappy stadiums that go up for these sports teams. I don't even sell out their current stadiums. I think it's really an ostrich friend to like to say that. Okay, I'll see you in the Everglades. Miami's week and the Everglades are off. All right. Bye bye. Here's the guy had a good time at the fish con. Oh, the fish food concert. Here and nobody got killed and mugged or anything like that. Good time was head by all. Here's homestead.