I'm so scared and shocked like this. Stop! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Yes! It's far in my head, I'm sorry, Stop! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Make sure that your life is wrong And no more pain It's taken over my head Got your partner in the way The church is hot I want to sit down To the night To the Iida's dog in the wild Claring sun in the middle of town To the wild, the devil's up in my chest Now Day one, George, do the sound Don't count on the bell Relative for time and day Don't worry, I'll be back Stop! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Let's go! Make sure that your life is wrong I'm so scared! I'll be back! They've blown it again, baby I'm going to tell you They are an embarrassment She and I, Jesus, Joseph and Mary Watching some hockey games last night Around 10 o'clock, I'm flipping around And I'm doing every break During every intermission, I would like to flip over See if anything had happened And he knew Around 10 o'clock, I flip over to see And then I see the thing on the bottom of the screen That says US Supreme Court sends it back to the floor To Supreme Court, but I'm paraphrasing But it was something like that And Bernie Shaw is undergoing Fetletletletletletlet And I'm listing what he's saying And I'm watching what they're saying And then a John King comes on I'm listing what he's saying And I get to put my, oh yeah Nice going there, DFO Don't blame Alex Rodriguez for being greedy And take a $250 million Oh, don't even get me started on that Got so much to cover today I might not even have time for your stupid calls But at any rate What tell us I just said Before DFO walked in and got me all side track He's not allowed in here But at any rate So I'm watching CNN and somebody is to me That they don't know what they're talking about I flip over to MSNBC Who have outdistance them by 50 million miles During this whole thing And not even in the contest And the thing on the bottom of the screen Says there's a hang said yes to the font The font says US Supreme Court Referses floor to Supreme Court Says recount on constitutional So somehow The legal experts in MSNBC Got a white last night right off the bat They're confusing kind of alluded Fascist conclusion But the people at CNN It took them an hour and ten minutes Before they even began to understand What the hell was that had happened An hour and ten minutes And then this morning they're on the They're talking about Hutspa They're showing like an instant replay A total 10 or 10, 20 They're showing all the abundance from life Not all they're doing, meaning they made any blunders And then coming to find out that Greg got his information He was watching CNN Hey, L It's time to concede, baby It's time to concede And I don't say that from greed Because the fact is that Bush getting in See, I'm thinking of myself Well, okay Bush wins and not happy about that And the very least The lesson was stolen for in square Like I told you weeks ago But at least maybe the market will go up tomorrow And as the next down 15 points in the dot Which was up 143 It's up only 77 That's all going away So not only we got a more unforepresent And a bunch of fascists In the Supreme Court But also we're not even making any money over it That pisses me off What the hell was default how can you return it to the bot? Yeah, Spanish pronunciation issue Restorantez Oh, I'm sorry So at any rate, yeah, I just heard the last of Blurb There would be photos morning like they're chewing out the offense Don't you guys understand I realize that you're much of sports yields Don't you understand But other than football, it's all over with It's history It's all over Just like the election It's all over Well somebody please explain that to Al It's all over Al Although now I see the market going down Let's count them again Count the votes What do you say? Count them Until you get the right number It's all over with When and how long is it going to be on It says on there No reaction from Bush until Gorsby In other words, you go first No you go first Just like when he had a dual in court Slice Friday Same thing again Hot potato time Was it mashed potato time with DD Sharper? Is that what it is? Something like that Got so many damn things going on to play here Then the real story Talk about the public getting the screwed again And I realize this is nearly as important to a lot of you folks As the election But Panthers may have found a buyer And now we understand that Wayne is sticking to the people again This is the reason that everything's been in limbo He doesn't give a crap about Brian Murray Terry Murray, Arthur Murray, Catherine Murray He'll give a crap about anything about you people Because he's busy trying to pedal it But since he's supposed to be smart Wayne He's supposed to be smart Not dumb like Fredo I'm like George Bush You're gonna thought I was saying to George this morning If you were gonna tell your house Would you let it just fall apart Would you let it just become the lap of the day And look like crap And then try to find and get the highest price for it I don't think that's the way it works Even the article by Sarah Tolay And Michael Russo in a sense that this morning Says A book of resorts had hoped to sell the team for 150 to 175 million But Forbes magazine's annual valuations Verist is month-class teams worth at 147 million That represents a 9% decline The largest in the league from last year And drop in every minute So nice going Wayne But what it really says just like the thing with Rodriguez With all these other jobs They don't care about the fans anymore They don't care about you people They don't care how much money you have to pay to build Stadiums and arenas to buy tickets to buy over-pice crappy food To the concessions They don't care Screw you It's all about them And you know what I say? Screw them That's what I say Screw them Take your balls And go ahead Well, speaking of taking your balls Are poorly yesterday About hazing And I see the coach was suspended Coconuts Greek high school He got a 10 day suspension 10 days What is it? 10 games? 10 days? What do we got? 10 days without pay? And they're going to time up in a quarter And smear that the icy blue on his back Them But that's about it Because boys will be boys Our point yesterday hazing is unacceptable We've been behavior 499 over 72% Thank God Stupid but harmless 119, 17.2% And just kids haven't fun 72 idiots said that about 10% Of you morons out there And let's kids haven't fun Just boys will be boys And want to walk you out with other guys Pimises Don't you understand that? Yeah, I understand it I don't think there's anybody You know, if you want to be honest with yourself Whether it's college fraternese Whether it's the military Whether it's coconut Greek high school We all know what that is That's a gate club you moron We know what it is The sitting on grore response expected Later this morning How much later? Give us a time Just get on there And say Game over. Try it my best Here's our poll for today Let's see who we can let's play the blame game I mean like that We ought to probably ought to put the Cubans on there too But I'm not going to do that There are win whatever it is No they won't They didn't win the thing Yes, I thought he was He could go on stuff the other way They're up against the frogs For crying out loud Yeah, that's tough Who's most to blame? Most to blame That's the operative word not poll today Who's most to blame for Goal losing the election I'm going to give you let's see Two, four, six, eight choices today Like going in a restaurant With a lot of choices on them And you like that Al Gore himself The state of Florida Dumb voters Joe Lieberman Ralph Nader The US Supreme Court The Florida Supreme Court or Teresa LePore Huh? Well don't you think that she belongs on the poll I should do I'm not going to come out with some ethnic group Like old Jews in Palm Beach or Cuban voters I'm not putting that on the poll There's the eight choices again Al Gore himself The state of Florida Dumb voters Joe Lieberman Ralph Nader The US Supreme Court The Florida Supreme Court Or Teresa LePore Who's most to blame for losing this election And there's no question he did lose it I mean when you win the electorate When you win the popular vote And you lose the electoral college You certainly lost it What do we want to say? We're still in a knot But he put himself in a position Where was close enough he allowed it to be stolen So I'll say because basically the game is finally over 10 O'clock to a lot of people out there It's over And don't please don't insult my intelligence I give you a song that ends Oh well the Florida's and I'm going to tell you who really screwed it up I'm going to tell you my opinion right now Well after the break 9 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQL No question of the Southern Navy Recipes that have expressed written information A Japanese 2AMB from Bradcast, Griffin, Corporate And I'll put it all clear This is the best This just in And increasingly desperate Al Gore called for a recount Wednesday of the US Supreme Court's 5-4 decision And the Bush versus Gore case There is reason to suspect that these votes Were not properly counted And that 5 justices of the Southern Minister Bush did not intend to do so Gore said it is therefore in the best interest of our democracy For the US Supreme Court To suspend judgment in this case until we can absolutely be certain That this court did in fact Intended the rule on the Stubborn's behavior Gore added that if his recount requested it to 9 He will file on a P.O. where the Interplanetary Supreme Court Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! Yeah! Let me just read that one lot in one sentence See the Florida Supreme Court really screw this whole deal up twice Not once but twice Which shows you how inept Not just corrupt but inept the state of Florida is We can't do anything right here I keep telling you that in the 2 First time back before Thanksgiving When they said breakfastly Oh, well, yes, what? Not so fast there, Secretary of Bush We're going to let you recount about Because they requested a recount in Palm Beach and date in Broward And you guys go ahead and do it And we'll give you like 5 minutes to do it Or we'll give you 5 days Including over the Thanksgiving holiday They gave them an insufficient time Even a child would have known that there's no way The process could have been completed So the fact that all these Ojant provacca Turum came a gut chip in by Tom Delay Today they can't be That was just the icing on the cake for You know, for them to say, well, we just can't David Lehi just passed out again And so we can't get it done in time We're going to quit If they were to give them 10 days to do it All the county would have been done a long time ago Then at least we'd have numbers I mean, it's still what have been challenged On the equal protection clause of the 14 The members of all this other bookcraft But at least we'd know the numbers So they screwed up there And then when they came in Saturday again Briefly, just when we thought it was our Friday Rather Friday afternoon And we had that Lewis and Crochet Expedition there in the courts in Leon County And lost our way And four o'clock on Friday afternoon Oh, guess what? Start counting again But again, how can it is it possible For justices on the states of pink court To be so stupid As to not realize that Whoever they were ruling against Was immediately going to come in with that equal protection argument So instead of just saying, oh, let's count them again What they had to say was here's the standard For determining the intent of the voter It has to be equal in all 67 counties And if they would have done that The county would have continued And we'd have gotten a number Whether it was right or wrong, of course So you can only guess but at least there'd have been a number The five most conservative justice Also said this is an addition Of course to the um, I'm constantly too soon Now the way that they're working The five most conservative justice is the same one Who's the only other day just by coincidence Of course, also said there was not enough time To come up with a new method for becoming that would stand Constitutional mustard And of course since the safe harbor deadline was December 12 Which just happened to be yesterday Ten o'clock at night they said, oh, you got to midnight So come up with a good standard Get all of us together and you got two hours Okay, do it well guess what? It's all over then That's the way work. Oh, Gorral address the nation tonight Because there has been some discussion within the Gor camp As to whether he conceives or whether he suspends or withdraws his operation here So let's be very careful about that We also don't know exactly how he's going to be Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh Brother, you know something this was a guy who was going to go out with class They kept saying that And they were saying again last night They emphasized, oh, you know, my room was on disbelief The other night talking about this business of the electors changing their minds And they've been putting the full court press on Republican electors And the group people, oh, he won't have he's a man of principle He won't have any party to do with the either money to do with not accept their votes He discourages it. He don't want anything to do with that And now they're still debating whether he's going to concede or not You've got to be kidding me See this goes back to what I told in the first place These were four of the worst possible candidates in the history of this Republic This was a disgrace Whether he's just going to suspend operations and other words Well, we're just waiting in limbo and see maybe something good will come by How about can you do that? 560 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T Oh, oh, oh, oh, I see suspense recounted Well, of course, I want one of my watch and CNN for I must be a cray. I must be a crazy person. I must be like John Henry. I must be out of my mind Please let me go down to MSNBC these people don't know what they're talking about they keep putting the wrong information on there Now look at this and I must send B.C. Al Gore expected to drop out of the race much Can he do toward healing a nation deeply divide it? Yeah, that's what needs to be done somebody somebody needs to get a hold of Ted Titor and time up and put icy blue on his back I'm private part of it. We can find any if Jane hasn't cut him off already 56070560 pound five 60 on the AT&T. Let me vote my poll here. Let's see who's most of blame Okay, well, that's kind of a tough one. You know, I could say I'll go for himself, but I'll vote for the Florida Supreme Court Here's Tamara. Hello happy holidays, man. Thank you sir happy on a canoe and God bless you always sir I'll go in 2004 kind of other rhyme to a meal. No, yeah, I listen to no chance I'm not a lot of you and why we never had anybody bought for one off. I mean, I know there's never been a runoff There are no runoff elections for presidents sir. We don't have runoff I know that I know that I know that he ever brought it up because that's not the way I know that meal, but it's with an election so darn close don't you think sir? Let me say it again. There is no runoff for the president of the United States and have a nice life 560560 pound five 60 on the AT and what am I given numbers out here for you people have been all whipped up to a Friend you about this for the last the eight million weeks now. What am I given phone numbers out here? This is the day. This is the day to say something I would think of course, who might I say? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, now I know it. Okay I look I got it for good He you know, he should have never lost this election he had a guy It's bullshit kind of a bumbling idiot the country's never been in better shape and he can't win the election It's look if anybody thinks that he should run a 2000 for there should be shot He'll lose or he's a dog that got to come over somebody better He lost his election is should have never been close or not? Hey man, okay, thank you. Yeah, he's he was a terrible candidate and pick a libreman sealed his fate I has kind of a nice ring to it terrible candidate and he sealed his fate with you libreman I mean, I know that if I was gonna like you know invite everybody to lunch in entry I'd have a couple of house even sitting around there Lost every state in the deep south now including Florida every single one all the border states Yeah, all the nose pickers And they and they're still trying to figure the stops yeah, he'd break the list to all you intellectuals there in the media But the anti-Semitic that that under current there is never gonna come out in exit polls or any other place People aren't gonna come out in an ounce probably leave not too many of them That they voted against the me and that's just because he had I've said it too many times before it wasn't just your ordinary pedestrian garden variety Jew Who was somebody who went out of his way to wear it on his sleeve He had a he had halvah under one armpit and he we had it was wearing his tits is in between his cheeks Yeah, and people just couldn't handle it So you combine that with the fact that gorges is wooden is a cigarster Indian the fact that the debate performances were grotesque But the fact that every exaggeration he made was like, you know, he did a little big song to dance by the media He never had a Chinatmins chance he was pathetic It was his to lose and he blew it He blew it. What's that is that a husband to lift this? Yeah, sure the free oh, I'm gonna come running in there and get well not sure there free Oh, no Like I said I'll pass Soon here's plantation hello Hey Neil yes, sir. Hey good morning I think I'm about your age and 60 years old and like a crazy fool I retired up in Ohio moved down here and I started listening you and I kept thinking this guy don't know what the hell He's talking about real what you do know what you're talking about just places to screw balls and it is yeah California in the most Place your mouth to get run over by cars and port louder They all right, I get a church everyone church. Hey have a nice day You walk in the parking lot and they all run over you trying to get out of there They play on fire you name it. Yeah, but at least every time a nice day Probably going to place you they do that everything that you said for the four years I've been here Everybody thinks is full crap you know what it's a truth I don't know what they correct Yeah, and I think it's a top right now the day For all this garbage or it belongs it's to put it down the garbage to suppose all with booze and gore and all the rest of these idiots down here And maybe I can come back if he keeps saying he just won't stop saying it Oh Oh God 5670560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line Now what is this What is this Here's a guy that wants to oh yeah Everybody now and we don't have people want to help donate to plant paradise What they want to do is give free Sponsorship source to plug their business on here whatever it is and then they're gonna donate the answer is Oh, don't do that. It sounds like ourselves the permit. Oh speaking of ourselves the permit Nick from Nick cigars our word close personal friend who loves us and we love him in for obvious reasons He's a great guy and got a fantastic business with great products and with us from the day we came on his station John penis used to be a sales rep, but he was smart enough to get out of this place But anyway, he was on a full majority of small things and that Frank down in sales break mayor is a major He's an asshole asshole and he wants to new sales hold on there. So I've scored a fact You have you have stolen cigars you've faked your way out of the account You've shot yourself in the foot by being such an asshole See guys like Frank mayor think that they can continue being wise guys forever And practically is probably getting encouragement from certain people downstairs. I don't want to mention screw in by name Because you know stick it to stick it to them stick it that meal in George stick it to them, you know So what you did we shot yourself in the foot because it was like easy commission that you were collecting there and Herring somebody else is a count and you're not gonna be your accounting more Frank you blew it And then remember last time you walked in with what you got that weren't even from Nick's right That was a try to world just a try to appease us because he stole all that crap the good news is Yeah, it's like you need the show so much that he's not gonna let the sale department come between us We love him Here's a lady in Miami, hello Hello, yes, man hi, listen I disagree with you on the Supreme Court of the Florida Supreme Court if they had Made a decision on how to count the ballots They would have been accused of legislating by the Supreme Court by the By the nation Supreme Court so they couldn't do that actually I think the Supreme Court should have been on the first time Back to the Florida Supreme Court and told them you have to set the standards and that would be the only Well, let me ask you this how about when they give them the extension back in November Why didn't they give them a reasonable period of time in which they could have had the votes count instead of giving them like four or five days Because then they would have been accused of legislating again. You see that no, no, no They wouldn't have been because they were already setting a date and then making difference what the date was that that's not correct That is not correct but then the whole issue really is not the date the issue is the standards You see no, no, I mean there are two different issues Okay, if assuming I agreed with you on his last one was maybe you have a point But the but as far as the initial decision to let them Because they had a right to ask for the recon by law they weren't creating no Absolutely because they're widening the date why didn't they give them a reasonable period of time to do it Well, you see what happened even if they did the Supreme Court came back and told them hey, you know You you legislated by moving the date. That's what they did They accused of or they never said that no, no, they never said anything about the date But yes, I was at the first time that was a little thing about the date. No, yeah, no But anyway, I think it's the Supreme Court who that would be the only way that they would have told at the first time In addition to which if they would have had the reasonable date no matter what anybody else said the counting would have gone on and we at least would know what the numbers are Well, that I agree with well, so there's a what would be wrong with that Yeah, I agree but I think it was a Supreme Court that should up from the very beginning that give us the standards And that was the only way the before the Supreme Court because he's done it right and Well, they do it I know but And the fault is Theresa Lapor confused and confused voters Who blew it? Okay, okay, okay, okay, oh What's the song now? Go expected to officially conceived tonight political divisors But the decision the closest decision being made by Al Gore and his family I'm gonna tell you Ted Turner is the anti-Christ I'm convinced to that either him or Frank May or maybe both Maybe Frank may or should be working for Ted Turner. What do you think? Oh, not for us Because CNN just can't get anything right. They just make my scheme crawl 26 after 10 at 5 60 WQW And I'm gonna tell you something right now and you can mark it down if Brewer County would change their mind and decide they want to build this facility I will not play here Because I will not have you guys Looking at me for the next 10 years saying here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else Oh Lucy Roger Wayne You're so pretty crazy now You're not just not no fear You're not not enough in our hearts You're not away You're not here You're not here Senator E2 applies to the WQM Hey, look, the way you don't take it personally But here's a message from me And I'm sure a lot of the fans out there You're exactly Exactly And please hurry up and tell it soon Fast before it's too late Although it's probably too late Here's a fact It's a fact of an American flag And it says that's from Nancy It says The citizens of today are made to reclaim the visions of the past That's still remain Do you know what I have to say to that? Ehh! What the hell does that mean? Does anybody have any idea what that means? Once upon a time, the night tree Yeah, we can worry Yeah And how they do in a coconut's creek Coconut's creek REC 560, 50560 See NSNBC has no problem I don't think I'm going to be a program See you in my TV They couldn't get it right If you stuck a oozy up there They still have a candy crawly's ass Of course you'd still have a lot of room Here's a lady mobile in Western Hello Yes, ma'am I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm sorry Yes, I'm sorry Okay I agree with you On both points that it was Gal Gore's race to lose And that he has no shot in 2004 No, because of this He better not But because of that I'm not so sure that this whole Electoral rating that Cuomo came up with It's really such a bad idea I mean, it's not like anything else It's happened in this election Has been fair Very, very, very bad idea Very bad idea bad idea. Okay, because. Because it's one thing to say the Bush people stole the election, but then to turn around and say, well, yes, well, we're going to go and steal it back. That's that's not good for the country. What do you think the most terrible ramifications of that would be? I mean, actually, I don't think it would be so far. That's to think that to a rock towards a misnation of the business. Give it up. Give it up. No, absolutely not. Give it up. Okay. Please. Okay. I beg you. Okay. Turn it loose. Now, what if two independent people did it on their own? Give it up. You think so, please. So shut. Say you're giving it up. All right. I'm giving it up. All right. I'm giving it up. Thank you. All right. See you. That was easy. All right. Oh, bad idea. Believe me, trust me when I tell you. I can't tell you too many of the things that I believe very strongly. I'll do the fact that well, I can do a lot of things. But this one, I'm sure. In fact, it says Al Gore expected to officially continue tonight. Is he going to concede? You bet. Because anything less would be an ag, a way, a grotesque horrendous grotesque act. And addition to which, I mean, how can you be that much for him? I realize I'm not much against Bush. But how can you be that much for him? Like the first guy says, oh, Al Gore in 2004 has a ring to it. Oh, yeah. Oh, ring. That's a tough to bring. Yeah, bring around the collar. If the Democratic party can't do better than Al Gore and Julie, but then guess what? They should just kind of fold up their 10 right now too. They should just band. They should just go out of business. Here's Hylia. Hello. Oh, yes, sir. All right. I think I have your answer. Why the floor Supreme Court set the date that they did? Because the problem is that hey, I'm a protest in the contest period. And they were trying to find a date where they gave enough time for the contest period to take place. So they would have set the date to late. Well, but why could they give them another five days? There's still a bit of time for the contest. Because Bush would have been all we don't have enough time now to protest all this. And they would have taken the right back up to Supreme Court and said, they picked a date that they thought they could finish. Now, round finished. Palm Beach should have finished if they would have, I mean, they had to come two hours within. And my midday stopped counting. It was very unrealistic. Oh, thankgiving holiday weekend. I mean, sure. Broward worked all through the holiday. The other counties did not. They could, okay, given them out there two or three days because of the circumstances, because it was a holiday weekend. Well, I'm just, I'm done. That's the, I mean, that's the explanation of why they, you know, they would have been. Well, enough time because it was very poorly thought out in their part. Very poorly thought out. Okay, I just wanted to make one of the comments about Supreme Court. Before this all happened, I remember telling the other friends, well, I'm happy to have the Supreme Court because these people are honest people. No, no, they're not their political hands. I know, but I was so naive that I was thinking, you know, well, now it's going to be in front of people that are going to be impartial. And I'm going to see the merits of this case and say, you know, Bush, you're a son of a bitch and you've been, you've been attacking all the courts down there to get your vote. Could get the votes not counted and they're going to be counted whether you like it or not. And they came back and did the total political happening and that's to me, the most disappointing thing. So, don't you want to survive it? You will survive it. Yeah. We're going to take, you know, we just got a vote. Get out there and vote. Just don't bend over. Okay, pal. Get right here. Yeah, just don't anybody bend over for four years because yeah, because it could be danger lurking in your behind. 560 50 50, Pont 560 on the 1810 for as well as one. How's that pull coming? Who's the most blame for grow losing this election? 83 votes so far. I'll go armself 26. I agree with that. I don't know why voted for the Florida Supreme Court just to be different, I guess. Sure he has no way to blame but himself. You ran a crappy campaign. He picked a wrong guy for Vice President. He was pretty weak in the debates to say the best of e-generalists. And then he started making up those stories about his dog, guy had diarrhea on the floor, whatever that's the right one. Done voter 16, Raph Nader 12, state of Florida 11, Joe Lieberman 6, U.S. Supreme Court 6, Teresa LaPore 4, well that's got nice rain to it. Four for LaPore and the Florida Supreme Court 2. Let's spread it all around. That's what's going on. 21 before 11 at 560 WQAM. The El Roger Show Sports Radio 560. It's a shock. It's me firing up when I hear someone say that. From Imagine Entertainment, director Ron Howard presents an all-new holiday classic, Dr. Suuss's, all the gorge, stole Christmas. Mr. Gorge, why are you stalling me a lecture? Why? There's more ballots that must be counted, than the only, if they're not, I'll just cry. Boo, boo, the victim of cracklight. He made a bestoy as he had a geto-shined bling it all on Garden of Wush. The house of a hill of Mount Crumpett feels mad. You sleep, then, the roof. All right, it's the vibe. He patded the head of the Galibu who's no more than two. He talked to him dead by text to dad and before he met. He dimpled her chad. The red one. Y'all of the ones, Mr. Gorge, you really are a healer. Y'all are so as far as kissin' who exhibits cloudy things at Mr. Gorge. The three words that Mr. Sri, you are a follows and I quote big, dark cry, baby. 144, 560 W. K. O. M. The other model with CNN and all the B. We may not get it first, but we sure can't get it right. I'm just furious with him because I keep getting sucked in by them and listening to this crap. Well, maybe he's going to succeed, but maybe then he's just going to announce there's a spending the recon and they're going to sit back and hope for something good. A Christmas present, some electors. Anyway, the copying machine did the facts machine, didn't show the rebel fly behind the American flag on anti-spax. That was the message. Sorry to answer that we have a crappy facts machine with the best one I could afford. You know, I do it yourself studio. So you want to know that our morning sports heels don't understand. I didn't hear their show. Of course, it's usual, but I heard that last a bit from B. Further. They don't get it. Say, people don't have to spend money other than buying a radio, I guess, but that comes with your car. And most people have one in the house. You can spend close to somebody else's radio. That's right. You could like go on a beach and listen to somebody else's radio. Doesn't cost anybody any money to listen to your show and be full or this show or any other radio show. And they don't have to build a studio for it. In fact, even they are bevelies and Greg Reed don't have to build a studio for us. And the court president didn't do much. It's free entertainment. But with these athletes, not only do you have to pay these wild salaries with the ticket prices, but you have to build a new stadiums and the or Venus every five minutes. Everybody has to build a new stadium because the owners give out. We can't afford to pay these salaries. Well, who asked you to pay them? And so they keep turning to us and then people like Wayne keep saying, well, we're not going to do anything because I'm trying to get unloaded so Turkey. So I don't care if it's good, bad or indifferent because I'm just trying to get out of it. I want to pay a lot. So just keep spending the money. Just keep your show and up and subsidizing this crap. This swirl that we keep putting out there for 60 bucks a ticket. You know, the question is, how many times can you get slapped in the face? And keep coming back. If I had to pay for those tickets, I'd go see one game here. That's December 30th or the least play here. That would be it. That would be, and that's all I go. But I don't have to pay for the tickets. In fact, I take great acceptance of the fact that I have to pay for the sodas. I would speak in fact. I'm going to start trying to do that. I think in my own sodas in my jacket. Yeah, get a diet coke and put it under my jacket. Why the hell not? I don't want. I don't want to subsidize Wayne High Penga. That's one of a bitch. He should hold up a big sign up there, a big billboard before the arena saying, hey, guess what? You build us this arena, but still can't make any money. It's still a turkey so a screw you people. And by the way, don't forget to buy some crappy food on the way out. Because I need the money. We're all supposed to feel so sorry for millionaires and billionaires. And guess what, Hank, Josh Fidmett, as much as I hate to defend him. He didn't have a point. And yes, it is partly about no textbooks in the schools and all these other. It's a quite about priorities. Because there are only so many dollars in the economy. There's only so much money to go around. And if we can find creative ways to come up with tax schemes to build stadiums and arenas for all these billionaires. So these spoiled rotten athletes, what their jocks do asking, go in there play games. Then certainly somehow we can come up with tax schemes to buy textbooks and build new schools. And take care of things that are supposed to be important. So Hank, you're wrong about that sweetheart. Wrong hump or that's part of what it is about. Priorities being upside down. And poor A-Rod, he was just in sense. He just couldn't believe that's he had a role he made in the crappy a three year deal. He was insolvent. You know what, A-Rod? P-U, that's what I say. Take your $250 million and stick it up your ass. Here's a mobile-in-four-later deal. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, listen, I just came in late, but I heard you talking about Joe Liegloment in the worst running may. Absolutely agreed. That's what I said before. I see he's going to lose a lot of votes and people are going to talk about it. That was not a death wish that was the silent negative vote. By the way, I'm Jewish, I'm a bushborder, but if they would have counted the votes, I still don't know how it would have came out. But, gosh, it should drop out gracefully, but I don't know if he's capable of it. He'll do it, he'll do it tonight. Good. Good for everyone. Okay. Okay, take care. Okay, have a good time with time with your 100-kimler. He's Jewish, but he voted for Bush. And the hair on the back of my neck just stood up big. Oh, I speak of the hair on the back of my neck. Maybe my arm is around still, do you think? Now, she's gone, I have tried. Now, try to move. I'm not talking about permanent. Maybe we can get a barber to come in here and cut my hair just a while. Talk about it on the year, as my father is no longer my cousin, no longer the place where he used to be in here is on vacation for two weeks. So you think I need to hear her cover? Yeah, you have real bad. Huh? No, you're sideburns are a little crazy. Ah. Maybe I'll just... So where are our sideburns, anyway? On your leg. Right next to read this is yellow tie. 560, 560, Pond 560 on the AT&T and Verizon. See, maybe the reason that most Americans like that millionaire show is because the questions most of our for morons. Yeah, where do you find sideburns generally, usually on a man's body? What color is read is this time? For the same reason they like that show is the same reason somebody am like, brush, they like dumb. I'm like, it all like smart. They like dumb. Who do they like the best in the godfather? Don't call me on? No, Michael? No, sunny? No, Frano. Frano, they like the best because he was dumb. They could relate to him. Ron Jeremy, that's who they like. Did they like Peter North to bed? No, no. They like Ron Jeremy, though. Because he's fat, hairy, ugly and dumb. They like Ron Jeremy. See what I'm saying? They like somebody that they can relate to themselves. Like they look at the merence. Oh yeah, look at that. I'm just like that pose, oh I'm a moron. Here's Miami, hello. Neil, good morning to you. Buenos dias. Thank you for giving me a moment of your time here. I'm sorry. I really lost a lot of prestige for the United States last night. This vote was basically a coup d'état without God. Right, I did not say that. It was a bloodless coup back on the Itano Vemperia, where you said that. This is basically what it was. And as soon as the secretary abortion the god, as soon as his brother got on the phone, as soon as his cousin from Fox, as soon as all these people got on the phone on election night, and told him don't worry, the fix was in. Then you knew that we just had a bloodless takeover. And the very first of all, this Supreme Court never has gone out on the lens and taken the right side of state hand. And I have to leave in what Ginsburg said that this had never come before the Supreme Court. Now who said that with the against vote? Oh that's right, she was one time. I just don't have time to understand what you've said. Do you have the right of yours? I'm a young black male, qualitatively-cated. Yes sir? It's done very well. I mean I've gotten into the stock market under the Clinton administration. I'm not a big fan of Jesse Jackson. Yeah. But I happen to agree with him 100%. About one. About this is basically a dress got case. That's what I said when I heard that this is in last night. Red Scott. That's what I said. I mean this time. I mean I said God damn it. Basically what this is saying was the dress got case said that certain people didn't count for anything. And basically what this said to the vote is the state of Florida, Yorkville, Southern Count. Yeah. See at least it used to be three trips in the world. Now it's no vote. That's right. Three trips is done. And as much as I disagree with Jesse Jackson on a lot of things, he's 100% right on this one. Well he's a classic example of the sort of crap up in the ear. Some of it will hit the ground. Yeah. The other last thing I wanted to say to you is I basically lost my respect for voting in this country. Because basically what this said to me that said to me is my vote doesn't mean work to crap. I'm going to vote one last time and that's going to be 2002. Right. Me too. And it's going to be. I'm going to take all my first patients out. I'm going to go here. Right. Nice going pal. In fact, we're going to start the campaign right now. The anti-Jibbers campaign starts right now. Anyway, only thing I have to say is I hope we can make it through this case. Anyway, thank you. You, you, you are the pre-invoice for this community and I thank you very much. Okay. Hang in there, pal. All right. Check. Five six seven. Five six five six. The only 18 team. Verizon wireless line. That asshole over and four miles from that skyline aluminum stop moist in my fast paper. We don't we can't stand you. We don't want to weed your Scrawley handwriting stop but moist in our time. And giving you advice on life from over and four miles. Go buy you get you a passport somewhere and go like a Mexico and find out what life is really all about. Okay, that's what really cracks me up about the Yahoo's in this country. All those no stickers who live in entry all their lives. And of course, one thing about Yahoo's most didn't don't get generally too far from home. That's why they're whole existence is so if you're talking the expression perocule. Because all they know about life is like when they're all little narrow universe, like from here to about two blocks up the street. And that's it. If somebody would just could net them and put them on a plane and drop them in the middle of like somewhere, you know, and hopefully not bring them back. We'd be doing them a tremendous service and ourselves too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, how's that pull coming? 133 votes? Who's the blame most for Al Gore losing the selection? Al Gore himself 54 and that's what I should have voted because that's the correct answer. Elana Cliff, I'm sorry. Elana himself 54 wrong answer. Have you seen that show? No, no, no, no. What is wrong with you? I would what is wrong with you? Doing y'all on Friday nights. With who Jackie Jackie Biggermont? Wrong! Al Gore himself 54. Dumb voters 20, Raph Nader 16. See, I'm not buying that. As much as I, I don't know, can't do that. Raph Nader should have been a pimple on the pimple on the dimple on the ballot. State of Florida, 14, US Supreme Court 11, July, Roman 8, Theresa, LePore 8 and the Florida Supreme Court only too, including me. Round of that, somebody voted for them. Spreading the blame around is always good. We're here at the QAN. Here's a mobile in Vokha, hello. Yeah, I know. A couple of interesting quote while I was on hold. About the Jewish guy who voted for Bush. Oh, one of them is all gonna end. Jewish, I didn't even think of it. Yeah, then such a trying time for all of us, you know, you're so aton about so much of what you're bringing to people and hopefully somebody's out there is listening. But there's a silver lining to all of this, you know, you know, one thing that rings to me is our poor, please no more. Right, no more poor, no more poor, and 2004, I like that. Yeah, well, I think, you know, the good thing here is that what's happened is it's so repulsive that hopefully somewhere along the line people are going to wake up and say, hey, we've had enough of this. Gore, Seanus, what he is, Bush is Seanus, what he is, the Republican Party is Seanus, what they are, fighting over this thing stealing elections, doing all these kind of things. That's right. I think maybe public apathy will get shaken up to the point where somewhere along the line maybe, and within the next couple of years, I and I don't have the answers. Third party, I don't know, but something with the public says, like we're both of the lines that no must. No matter not, not for this crap, we're tied to the candidates, we tied these underqualified, ridiculous people that they're putting up to be put in office, we're tied to the way that the party's tried to steal everything, and run everything their way. And as a final thing before I go, A-Rot will get what he deserves because the Texas Rangers are probably one about half the game. Right. So it'll be a highest paid mediocre team player that hopefully is. Well, let me just say one thing, if you're going to command a big money, then you have to be able to justify it. In other words, he's got to be able to make that money back. There's no way that he can make that money back for that franchise. There's no way. Absolutely. So I think this is what the public will see. And like you're talking about, you know, I agree with you, stop going on a game. Yeah. And the money entities people have allowing them to pay these ridiculous salaries. It's up to the public to boycott these, boycott this situation, because if they don't have the money, they can't sell a product. And they're already doing it. Well, I think, again, it's a shame on us. It's on a stake. I wouldn't go to a ball game if you gave me a ticket because I would have to believe that somebody paid for that ticket. You're like there's sitting on home watching the dishes, you can choose from five games. Why give these people money? Absolutely. Okay. I'm not giving them money. Maybe it'll stop for what we're going on. You've got to. Thanks a lot. And then they're in the Boston, the fleet center, those yellow seats, the skies, there's a people. There's the way around fans, the skies, the empty yellow seats, thousands of them. Then they had the game over there in their long island, the islanders. And there's nobody there. There's like maybe 3,000 people in there. They have an ice problem at the end of the second period about a 40 minute delay. Try to get some ice back on a cementer by the grill. And by the time they got to with that, maybe they were like 800 people left in that place. So it's already even before the last nails in the coffin, they're already self-destructing. So when are they getting? And somebody facts me a thing about unices, evoting in Brazil and how in the Brazilians are light years ahead of us and they solve the problems with other corruption and all the voices and the elections by putting in computerized voting. How do you like that? Individent of Republican Brazil. Individent of Republican Brazil. Even the Brazilians know how to do it better than us. How do you like that? 430560 WAMI, heavy port Loderdale, a measly broadcast group station. WM.com for the world. This is your brain. This is your brain on drugs. This is your brain being chopped abits by finally homes meet cleaver. This is your brain in a blender. And this is your brain being stirred into a big pot of chili. Brains. Real food for real people. If you don't want it 560, let's get some of that real food up to George W. Okay, since he's going to need all he can get. Here's one of the greatest facts I ever received. I'm not going to read it. I mean, it goes on about the who's it for for this and the Tea Party and Libertman the Vets socket. It says, how old to George W. Castro like you're sure, but your noise is making me nauseous. I enjoy it. My noise is making George nauseous. Not this George. But whoever sent me the facts, that's the part I like in your facts, George. I have a nice day. I'm sorry that my facts is my noises and my facts. Thank you, nauseous. 560, 750, 550, 560. I've expected to officially continue the election divide. Life will go on. We'll survive with that other dumb president's before. Eight years of prosperity and good times. Now let's see if this guy can give us as much bad times as pop a dude. Let's see if Cheney left. In fact, I guarantee Eddie K has worked on the overzone is right now for Dick Cheney. How long is he going to survive this thing? Why is the mad that found 53 right now? What did I tell you? What did I tell you? This is what's really depressing to me. I mean, I'm already a sub the news last night. I'm very upset about it, but I figured, okay, well, it's a very least. Look for the silver lining. I can, that's my philosophy. Try to find some good and even the darkest cloud. Huh? Like even, even in Frank said, boy, Chersmels good up here. You know, you always try to find something good. Even how do you press everything else might be? In the Dow, which was up 143 points. It's up only like 28 now in the next time 53 points. Just to piss me off, that's why. Here's Boca, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm like you. I'm also trying to find a positive in all this mess. Sure, let's work with the blind sign, like Monty Python, say. But, and the one thing that I could come up with, I'd like to direct this to all the Republican friends that I have out there that think that they're on the winner winning side today, it's going to be quite enjoyable watching the Republicans run our economy back into the ground. You know, I mean, and I think once we do have Bush's president for four years, we may possibly never have another Republican administration. It's just ridiculous. These people, they're all caught up in this tax break idea. Because they're kind of... Well, it's not going to happen. I mean, there will be tax cuts, but not what he was talking about, because he doesn't have the Congress to do it for him. Exactly. And a lot of people, you know, they've been doing real well for the last eight years, and they're incomes have doubled and tripled. And, you know, the greed factor has set in, and they don't want to pay their tax. I'm going to get a real kick out of watching, you know, some of these incomes shrink by 50 or 60 percent. And then we'll see how they feel about get a tax break. Well, but, you know, in the meantime, you think maybe that I'm a credit party could come up with a real candidate in the next four years? I would love to see it, you know, but I think it was two cars that go the guy made a lot of sense about the apathy. And, you know, the fact that people are going to get really sick of this, and, you know, say, no, boss, I had a thought while he was saying that that maybe, and this is, you know, again, looking for something positive. Maybe we will find a real, you know, person who can represent with some intelligence, and, you know, some ideas that, you know, that maybe something good like that will come from it. Okay. Thanks. Cross your fingers and your legs. All right. Oh, here's another facts from our, it says the last facts from that asshole over at Skyline aluminum in the four Mars. How come there's so many assholes in four Mars, George? We have any idea? I think I think it drips down from the beefly headquarters in Naples, or a sterile, where we're going to hell out is. Huh? Yeah, they're pretty hysterical over there. It says, listen up, hey, whole, I write this with the markers, so your kindergarten's misspelled kindergarten brain can read it. Oh, another army veteran, oh boy, I'm him. Another army veteran, he must know Sergeant Lucas Skywalker. So how come he's in love with the deserveer? Huh? Why, I don't know what he's, I'm not going to read. I don't even know what he writes, he just keeps writing crap. Quit wasting our facts paper, you jackass over there and four Mars, get a life, you idiot, you moron, you, you simple then. And have a nice holiday. Here's more water, Dale. Hey, Neil, good morning. Where are you, sir? You should know by now the Fort Mars is the asshole capital of Florida. Is it really? Just ignore everything that comes from that way. Huh, maybe there is one positive. Yeah, some date like this morning, I was driving to work and it was this aroma in the air and I knew I didn't do it. It's got a man, it smells like rotten cabbage or something. The wind must have blown like from our state from the west. Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. But there might be one positive thing coming on. What is that, sir? It'll get enough people off their dead butts in the state of Florida to get out and vote next time. You think this is going to make people more likely to vote after all of this mess? I like to look at this. You're a lot of, I'm sorry. That's a good poor question for them all. Yeah, I'd like to look at the positive side of life. Do you know, harm and always look at the positive side of things? Right. You know, people right now are writing books and are investigating and gathering information. They're all the crap that's going to hit the fan in the next six months. And I'm anxiously looking forward to some of the dirt they're going to be digging up and putting in print, putting on TV and the radio. I'm curious when the hero comes in there and they count the ballots in a couple months, whatever they're going to do then. What's standard are they going to use it? They're going to be counting dimples and pimples and the chads and swarming chads and hanging or chat every morning, man. What are they going to be doing? They'll do it. They'll be doing the Republican thing. I know. No, they endorsed a gore. Well, yeah. That's true, too. But I've never liked my army hero. No, I hate the hero, but I'm just telling him. I'm not saying what for any particular purpose, but I'm just curious what standard they're going to use? Who knows? Only God knows. He's a good one. He's a good one. Oh, you know? Exactly. Neil, I like to thank you for all the good stuff you've been doing on the radio. I'll keep it up and also continue with the great shows. Thanks. Thanks, Neil. Five, six, seven. See everybody's in a pretty optimistic motion that well, and now I've talked that well in some sense back in her. The one that was hoping for the electors, we look, we don't want to be the thieves. We don't want to be the thieves. The ones who try to find somebody. I mean, how could you possibly live for the next four years having that happened? No, he's going to concede tonight. That will be the end of it. Now, realize for some of you, it's just like when the OJ thing finally ended. It's like when alien finally got on a plane with Poppy and went back home. These things can't go on forever. I know it kills a lot of good time, and it's your a lot cheaper than taking up an expensive hobby. Like, stand collect a new something. But, you know, then we have to have closure sooner or later. We have to have closure as it closed your fly because people are laughing already. That's what they say, coconut's Greek high school. So, one of them are going to search mirror and that's have on the coaches. So, he might actually enjoy it. See, this is part of American culture. How dare us sit here and attack all of these, you know, masculine, viral guys like a dick in a round. I shouldn't have said that. They like dittling around with other guys. They like holding them down and dittling around with their privates. And with their asses and paddling and beating them until their cheeks get real red. That's what they like. That's a gate club you moron. Like I said, that's what they like. Eight minutes after 11 at five, 60, WQA. Now they have a great S&M leather bar over there and Amsterdam you might like. It's cold. I will call the stable master. Yeah, it's right up the street from the, uh, Al Goldstein hangouts. The stable master. We'll try one of the things I got like leather stuff. I'm not into that myself, but that Jeff Cohen probably would like it. Right now the red from right Marshall's in late headquarters in Washington, the Jim Baker singer. I'm the one who's the father of Ashley, who's pretty much the father of Ashley. I'm the one who's the duvet of the game for the life. I'm the father of Ashley, who's the father of Ashley. And the father of Ashley. We're absolutely here. Let's tie the two of your trucks. And I'm happy. I'm happy. And I'm a fan of this room with me. Merry Christmas. Thank you. Your original, good to show you. I really like that. He told me to do. I have been there. I just did that doing it. Number 13 at 5.60 WCM. Here's another great facts from Myra. It's the same one as the one from George before. Word for word. And the end it says you're very intelligent. Sorry your noises make me nauseous. Here's a great facts. Well, it's a great article by Marlene Dowd in the New York Times as always. And we're actually taking a couple of minutes. Chief Justice Rankoist will hear argument now on number 00949. He's maybe something like abortion vice president like Cheney versus Albert Gora. Jr. At all. Justice Scalia, Mr. Wilson, legal predicate that seems to have slipped your Model of mind is that it we can't have only triggered that there's a problem in the machinery. Not in the case of voter error. Come on Ted. Do I have to play your case for Borgas as well as here at. Justice. Oh, Connor. Well, Mr. Boyz. Why can't those nanny's done on Florida simply? Follow the instructions for voting for goodness sake. And the Chevy Chase Club, my friends have been asking me why people are too stupid or too slack to punch our whole to release a paper while they even deserve a vote. Justice Scalia, that's at Sandy, baby, suffrage, smuffrage. Chief Justice Rangquist, Mr. Boyz, you fell to grasp the concept of equal protection for the conservative justice who won a retire. I'm 76, Sandy is 70. We started out longer ago working our hearts out for very gold water and were poofed. My back is killing me, but we can't leave until we install a Republican president. Our Groder places were that hippie-dippy-merio Cuomo, or that flower-challel-lary tribe, or some minority, who actually cares about the rights of this possessed. Justice Ginsburg, Mr. Boyz may have called you David, I love you. Justice Scalia, Ruthie zip it up. Mr. Boyz is surely you've noticed by now. I'm the big brain here, so I'll explain what should be, rest ifs a lockwooder, not to mention a priori. We stopped the vote counting because if we did not, Algor might have won. Then I never would have had a chance to be Chief Justice. I put up with so much hope when they upheld Roe v. Wade, when they made all male-luntary academies admit women, I became bitter and marginalized. Never mind Algor's due process. What am I to do in this process? Mr. Clocky, if I made justice brand ice, Justice Scalia, I'm Scalia dimwit. To continue it may look hypocritical if the court's conservative suppressed the will of the people and install a stateswrites president by federal fee at. I know I've spent my career fighting against muscular assertions of judicial power, but now I see that judicial tyranny judiciously youth can be a good thing. I don't believe in making laws from the fence, but making presidents that's different. Hey, whoever said the Constitution is in grave install anyhow. Justice is important, but so is subtext. Why should I proud of a prop-up of pathetic Paul who vilified clearance Thomas and me during this campaign? This court is riddled with conflicts and interests, currents, and why Jenny is over the heritage foundation, gathering conservatives' resumes for possible employment to new administration. My sons of partner, Tettleson's law firm, another son just got hired by another law firm working for Bush. But if I rescued myself, there would have been a tie. If I recuse myself, there would have been a tie. And then those radicals on the floor to Supreme Court would have been affirmed, and president Gourmet made Ruthie the chief. Justice Thomas to himself, if this thing runs long, I'm going to mistreat her part nurses and room servicing on the spice channel. Justice Stevens, the noble, delightful, the lovely. Why don't we just devise a standard account all the votes? Just as suitor, I know the voices are furious of me, but that'll teach him to assume that guy living in a like a monkey and isolated new hamster farmhouse is some kind of life live for your diner. Justice O'Connor, Mr. Boyz of all around the subject of irreparable harm, if you're aware that if I signed with you, it could put you the jeopardy and membership of my husband John and the Boym in grow. He does so enjoy his week of stag, frolicking, and drags yours in the California Redwood with President Bush, Kappline, Burger Bill Buckley, David Rockefeller, and Henry Kissinger. Chief Justice Rennquist, we're dropping in the polls on the question of fairness, but we still need to appoint to a noise Bush president. It's best for us. We'll just have to work harder to hide the truth that we're driven by the same petty human emotions as everybody else in this town, ambition, partisanship, political debts and revenge. Mr. Clock, how true achieved Justice Holmes? Cute. Bad reading on my part, but I was trying to go fast. Cute, more inbound in New York Times. Here's a call from Westchester, hello. Westchester is gone. Probably you dropped a Guayabira. Here's Hialia, hello. Hang me, I worry. Okay. Could be doing better myself. Excuse me. I'll drop a name, excuse me? Yes sir. Yeah, I'll drop a name for you who could be a possible presidential candidate for the Democrats in 2004, Robert Torres-Celi. Yeah. New Jersey Senator. He's the Tani, he's probably got some good connections. He probably does, but anyway, what I wanted to say originally, was probably a little bit too liberal for America though. Well, he was on the Fox report last night, and he was making overtures toward conservatives. I think he was one of the first guys who came out and called for Gordon. Can see. Right. And he really wasn't 100% behind where during this whole Fiasco we just went through. But I mean, what I really wanted to say was the American people are content with being jerks. Okay? Yes? I don't think the outrage, especially those who voted for Bush, they don't understand what's going on here or what's happened here. It should be outraged. How raged about life? An unelected body has determined who the president of the United States is going to be. Well, I mean, what's for the school that all of who is going to determine? What was the legitimate way to figure out? How do you legitimize a bogus election? How do you do that? But see, the thing is, I don't know if it was bogus or not. We sure was. In one way. In every way, I mean, there would be between the butterfly balance and between the people who were going to rule out the vote. It was a fixed election. How do you legitimize it? So you take a look at the balance. We take a look at the balance. We would have so much sort of, sir, don't you understand? Don't you get it? That first of all, if they were going to re-examine the balance, let's say they give them another week. And they said, forget about it. The safe hardware deadlight at December 12. Well, go at least till Sunday that December 18th deadline for certifying the electors. Okay. We'll give you another a few days. Don't you realize that they would have had to go back to Broward and start all over again, counting those balance because Broward used the different standard from Bobby's Broward counted the dimpled balance? I don't know. The state's the photos Supreme Court would never say did set a standard. They certainly would never have set a standard whether the dimpled balance could be counted. You know that. Okay. But if you can't vote by, you can't psychically vote your way in. You can't do that. I understand. You have a terrible card reader with balance cards. I go, this one looks like this was their intent. You can't do that. But today that goes against the very core of the philosophical and opinions of the Republican Party. They're all four local rule. There are more and more and more. Why are you arguing that? Look, both parties are for whatever is expedient to them at a given time. That's what they're for. They're just like the Democrats were just a high, they were psychotic. Oh, the Republicans ripping apart the photos Supreme Court and attacking them because they didn't like the ruling. Now the US Supreme Court has issued a ruling that the Democrats don't like. And now they're everything. The US Supreme Court. You're right. I'm doing the same thing in Republicans who are doing it the Florida. So the parties are interested in whatever is in their interests. I understand. That's what their interests did. Not you, not me. Their interests didn't them. I understand. But the power of the court has never before determined the outcome of a president. Well, they have now. And that's troubling. They have now. And the only reason is it's troubling. The USer, because you failed to understand the only reason that came down to this is because the Democratic Party put up a candidate who was capable of winding up in his mess. This should have been a 93 to nothing round. Well, we know he would have routed. Bush and Florida had it not been for nater. Oh, yeah. What in God's name was that that I was just talking to? What was that? I could have had a conversation with my golden retriever who's as deaf as this pen I have in my hand. And he would have gotten a better response. At least he would have wagged this tail and smiled. You just don't want to admit it, sir. You just don't want to face it. You don't want to deal with facts. It's a bogus election. You just you just witnessed and participated in as I did a bogus election. Get over it. That's it. That's what you got. And spot of all the propaganda is against. But of all the brainwashing. That's the American. And it's not the first one. Believe me. And living here in South Florida, we ought to be getting pretty used to it by now. Here's Bokeh. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. One thing that you had indicated before was that you didn't understand why the Supreme Court set the time schedule with this. But I'm not an attorney, but I read the explanation that they sent back to the U.S. Supreme Court yesterday. And I'll quote what they said in two lines. This court released its original opinion on Tuesday, November 21, 2000. The November 26, 2000 date gave the count. These no more time to complete the recount than what they would have had if the division had not forced all their efforts. In November 20, 2000, it was not a new deadline quote on quote and has no effect in future elections. It was simply a date in accordance with the requirements that had been established prior to the election and in order to construe all the provisions of the code as a constant or consistent hold. So their explanation is logical. And in fact, if you read it, they had a very elegant response. And I thought having read their response that you may find it logical. The fact is that it was ineffective. Oh, exactly. I thought it might have had some impact, but it didn't. Anyway, prior to the election, my view of this whole thing was whoever wins loses. Because what you have now is you have a situation in which people are very unhappy about what happens. And I think that the Republicans are in for it in the future because of the fact that they appear to have stolen the election. But the sad thing is the Supreme Court shot itself in the foot they should have allowed. Some kind of account regardless how it came out. And then at least you could have said, OK, they at least have some credibility. The Supreme Court lost its credibility in what they did. But anyway, on the article that you read, Marine Down, she thought she was writing quite purbally, but she was actually writing the straight truth. Yeah, right. Which is absolutely amazing. So in any case, my view of what should have been done if they wanted to have a standard. It reminds me what my daughter, when she was three years old, knocked off a crystal vase and broke it. And when we asked her how that happened, she said it did it by itself. And in effect, what you're having is you're having the Supreme Court and others looking at these chads and saying, oh, well, it couldn't have happened. It didn't happen. It had, but we'll leave odd circumstances. If you take a virgin ballot, there's no mark on it at all. All you have to do is compare it to a virgin ballot. If there's any mark on it, then it should count. If there's two marks on it, then any mark on it? If there's any mark on it, any mark on it. Like a thumbnail? Any mark on it? Didn't get there by itself? Yeah. It didn't get there by itself. Oh, you're in a dream world. I understand, but I'm saying that if you have to apply a certain standard. Well, that's not acceptable. I understand. I understand the arguments against it. But I'm just saying, you're saying it like it's fact. If there's any mark on it, you have to accept it. The answer is no wrong. Any mark. Okay, say it again to yourself. Here's a great fact. Shmock. See, what did I tell you? Can't please either side now, because I'm telling you the truth and you're much of emotional cripples won't see it, and you can't handle the truth. Shmock. The Florida legislature created a voting standard clear indication of voter intent. The Florida Supreme Court affirmed and inflated it and inflated it and inflated it's ruling. Perhaps it was too general, but they were in a KX-22. And they defined the standard they'd be accused of legislating grounds for reversal. Face reality, the fix was in. Did that just say the fix was in? But I'm the shmock. So, it again. So, in effect, I totally under November the eighth of the fix was in. And obviously, it's time for the 13th, but I'm the shmock. The five fanciest picked the next president. The democracy has been used to it. The voters will have been pushed aside as about 45,000. Besides the Vendor votes go under uncounted. Unbelievable. Bob, what a work for Florida Governor in 2002. F.J. Bush. Bob, butterworth, say one. How do you like that? There is a good broad mind in guy. Yeah, Bob, butterworth. As if we didn't already have enough bad experience with him in Broward County. Another fanciest chair of. Yeah, this is a grow person. You see, P.U. people will never learn your lesson. And you're talking about fashes him. This is why I'm going to say it again both. And I know most people out there get pissed off too bad because it's the truth. Both major political parties below with a capital BL. They blow. Bob, butterworth, my fat old, fatty, du-ass. Isn't that incredible? Maybe we can get somebody a little bit more progressive like maybe Ken Jenny in there. 26 after 11 at 5.60 WQM. The Neil Roger show. Sports radio. 5.60. Q.A.M. On the right. Yeah. What can you say, Bob? Hey. Hey. Hey. It's got to be. I got to be. I got to be. I got to be. Yeah. People I never thought about. No need to. I'm cheating. I'm cheating. Yeah. Check it out. Down in real mess. We get a don't my face. I got so happy. I'm being done. I have enough. I'm looking around. I'm still. Sit down down. I don't know what to do. I'm cheating. I'm worried. I'm hurting. I'm hurting. Yeah. I'm on. I'm cheating. I'm on. Yeah. You know what to do. I'm cheating. I'm on. I'm cheating. I'm cheating. I'm on. I'm cheating. I'm on. Yeah. I'm on. I'm on. Lemon. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. Good. South may be productive, not improving in the soft running the drone. Good. University of London. South may be better. North may not only improve in 2019 or near in the cold, but he's ready to enter by 21 days, and finally configure his needs. He's going to edit the files and copy the command or download. Walter has ran all time. He's the best in stores. Do you know what really opens on Google? Can I get my intention taken? Even driver-turnor gets more tips. So what is to talk about this awful thing? This awful thing. Right. I know that guard doesn't have any charisma, but as fire is being qualified, he has hasn't shown his own. Right. But that's not what a lesson is. It's a popularity contest. Right. Doug and Pony show. But he, Bush likes to use baseball terms when he referred to that guy as the major of the gas hall. But I hope all the Bush leaders are happy now because now they have a Bush. Bush, we got a poll. Yeah, that's good. Bush, I guess. I'll ask that. He's a perfect Bush league asshole. Excellent. Okay. Thank you. And again, that calls me the Schmock. Let me just also point out with your 45,000-unk counted votes. Really, points up the obvious, sir. So that's what we're counting. Like in Dave County, Grrr had not only not picked up any votes, and Dave County had lost 42, net. And Dave County out of the first 4,000-node counted with pimples and dimples and barbles and bangles and beads. Yeah, he was 42 that he lost in Dave County. So the idea that the fact that you were sum automatically, you know how those 45,000 votes were going to come up. I hate to break the news to you, but we don't know. And maybe we will never know. And maybe the hero will know or some other news organization will know when they decide to go in and count depending on when they're counting. If you guys did before, if there's any mark on there, if you like a little year known as on there, like, oh yeah, God forbid something like that was on there. You got to count that too. Yeah, you heard that expression when the Schmock hits the Chad. Yeah, they got to count those too. I mean, you know, it's one thing to be partisan, which I certainly was, mostly from a negative standpoint about Bush. But I mean, you have to face reality, they stole it. See, politics is a dirty game boys. It's real thing they break the news to you. And the dirty or politicians were the ones who won this time. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you done? OK. I keep hearing people say that now we're going to get behind the Republican Prince. I'm not. I think you got to be crazy. Fact out of space far away from his account. Yeah, listen, the Democrats are never going to accept Bush. Never. If he takes power by the will of the majority and the sect of privilege, you'll never be respected. The Democrats are not going to accept royalty. I'm sorry. Yeah. And they're going to fight. They're going to fight them. Truth and they offer what they consider to be a corrupt law. They're not even the same brutal time as the Republicans gave to me. No, it's not a way. It's not a way. It's worse because he didn't win the election. Yeah. So he has no right to be there. He did not win the popular board and he stole Florida. And he all he did was adopt the counting. Stop the Democratic process. Yeah. I can you respect the mayor like that. You know, somebody has got to, you know, I want to let me in. So let me in. They keep comparing against a ballgame. If you were head by like, uh, through to two in the middle of the evening. When you want to stop the game then. Yep. If you know if you don't. If you don't. If you don't. If you don't. If you can find it to commissioner, a baseball who's an asshole anyway, but see the call him up. So okay. Stop the game. I just ordered. You say, okay. Great. That's ruling. No, you wouldn't. It wouldn't be a valid. I don't understand it. Sir, they stole it. He is an illegitimate president. He's illegitimate. That's it. The government by the people. She'll not manage from the earth. That's what we have to fight for. It's government. It's power to the people. And that's where power should reside. Not as if the free. Right? Yeah. Right. Yeah. Yeah. What? What? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Ah. Huh? You want fish on fish? Yeah. What? Huh.? Yeah. Good? Yeah. Huh? That is what he wants. That is what he wants. Don't you want to play play play play where it's going? That is what he wants. Okay, power. Okay. Man. Got anyone to play. Yeah. That's what he wants. No. Ah, no. 560, 50560, Pond 560 on the AT that last guy thought he was going to have a stroke or maybe just start stroke and it maybe already was. Just calm down. When you're pleased, just calm down. I've been trying to alert you to the fact that they stole it for a month now and you just don't want to get it. You don't want to understand it. It's a horse ball system. It's a badly flawed voting system from the Stone Age with punch card ballots and what he's oversees absentee ballots from the Enemnsville that came in from interplanetary mail service who don't know where they came from. How many fixed elections do you have to live through before you find it to be in the understand it? It's corrupt, baby. It's not about you. It's not about me. It's about them. All of us are brain courts and the media on your O.O. will probably really be a trust to some brain court. They really believe you. No one yet on my George Zobby will address the nation. Look at that he's drooling. He's drooling right now. Look at that people. He's looking at that look. That be wounded look again. There he is like the deer in the headlights. Like the hard walk in the headlights. Wow. He's saying I can't believe it. They told me we're going to make his happen. I still can't believe it. More I'm like me. I mean, it was one thing to get into a Yale, but this here's a mobile and West Palm Beach Hello. Yes sir. How you doing? Great. Yeah. It's all about the money, baby. Show me the money, man. That's it. That's what E.W. I got a show down on the road. People are the face of facts that this is how it is in America. Just sit back and enjoy it. Yeah. We've been enjoying it since Mr. Reagan was in there. What was your ride that? Well, we did. It's your ride for your public. Well, public survived this too, but it won't be prosperous. One good luck, sir. You were talking about popularity contest. If you remember when Mr. Carter was president, Roger Raskiew, the Constitution of Iran, yes. Exactly. And then Mr. Reagan was voted in right after that when it failed. Yeah. So, it goes to show you. It's a popularity contest who ever blows the most smoke. Well, thank God the Democratic Party keeps coming up with those great candidates like Jimmy Carter and Walter Mondale and Michael Duke Caucus and the Albert Gourne and Julie Leiberman. Thank God for the Democratic Party. That's what the Republican is saying. 21 before noon at 5. 60 WCWA. Oh, my God. It could play a over-to-game. I believe poor as well as the rich. Women and men alike citizens of every race, create and color all are equal. They are equal. That is, so long as all of their votes choose me. If the people do not in the end, choose me. I would then commit to contest this and accurate and incomplete count. In order to ensure they choose me, this is from America. Recount after Recount. God bless America. Hey, that's a little bit of time to contest and speak. 18 till noon at 5.60 WCWA. Hey, Colbert, we'll be here with two o'clock folks. I'll be at 6. Panther, preview, baby. I haven't clocked tonight and the game is at 7.30. The Panthers at the Red Wings. Wow. That could be really, really ugly. And an AK after the hockey game. But of course, don't worry because the Panthers can lose like the next many many games. And they're jobs are safe there. Everybody because Wayne is trying to unload the team. That's the real story. I mean, why don't they just come out and say that? Just keep showing up. And of course, all your suckers that vote this evening. Take it. They're going to give you any money back. Oh, give your rebate. Oh, no. We're going to give you our foot up. Your echo message is what we're going to give you. And they did. And these people, they just can't understand all those empty seats. And what are people aren't coming back. And what are people aren't renewing? And I'm not just talking about the Panthers. I'm talking about professional sports in general. It's dying over here. I've read professional football, which they, between the television contracts and the salary caps. And a lot of other things that they had going for them. They finally figured out how to do it right. But other than that, the NFL, I've been that you can take professional sports. It's all dying over here. Which of course, I'm a sports station. It's, well, what can I say? Here's Miami. Hello. No. Yes, sir. President, elect George W. How are you, Bush? Okay, you big Marikon. Marikon, Sean? Sing out for Kruele? Marikon. Big Abba, Bruno. You're sorry, huh? Oh, oh, oh. What was that, man? Oh, I thought I smelled it. One years. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the 18th. And like I said before, this is so delicious to me. Are you Bush lickers out there? Are you angler, Bush licker lickers, which all you can, all you can dream and think about is how much you hate the Cuban people, the Cuban people because this guy is what this is a stereotype about you think is the Cuban people right there. And you're in bed with them. So, might as well lay back and enjoy it. Here's Hollywood. Hello. On you. Yes, sir. I'm a rage. I had never been this man in my life. I'm really, really mad. The big loose is going to be in the United States in this year. We're going to become the laughing stock of the movie. No, we already have. Well, we were, we were a little bit behind. We already have. And I tell you, this is going to, this is going to be the beginning of the end for the democracy in this country. You really don't want what I think. Huh. Anyway, like I said, I call you there. We want to know why to joke around and everything. But this, this election is almost like a cop. I thought we didn't, I thought the beginning of the end for this country for democracy was like November 1960 number 22. Well, I mean, this is almost like a cop holding you in the middle of the street until the light turns red. And they're going to give you a ticket because the light is red. I mean, they stole this election out right in anybody that feels, I don't care which would got elected, got in the right way. But not like this here. Not like this here. The votes got account. Any veterans that went to war, you don't even have to be a vet. The right thing is that every vote should count regardless. And it did. Well, what do you mean veterans? The veterans are a big part of a Bush's constituent. No, but that's the lie. They look at the way they are. Look at the way Harris used the veteran, they say all that Bush did this here when she has self-done it. And it's true though, I'm an outmove it. And if I didn't find that valid in any way or whatever, then it should be considered illegal. I shouldn't have no special privilege. Okay. Okay. That's when we got bless you and I love you. I'll go somewhere. Okay. When you say about his vet, did one? 56750, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. So what that's best to make cool or something like that? Send out the boo. Oh, we've got it on. Here's the lady in four miles, hello. Hey Neil. Yes, ma'am. You know, if anybody out there thought with Bush running this was going to be a fair process, you're stupid. And you deserve to be duped. You know, I just, I don't know. You know, it's like, I can't believe that this country is full of that much stupidity. Why, I mean, I can't believe it. But take a look at the candidates we just had running for president vice president. That should tell you. You know, the people that were passionate about getting the votes counted by hand. Yeah. It's like basically we've been fighting for our right and just what we lost. And, you know, that's the American way. You know, why are people so ignorant to the fact that this, you know, we totally brainwashed. You know, and it's, I don't know. You got to protect yourself. I think that's what it is. You got to protect yourself against against that kind of stuff. I think you got to put your side. I'm trying to be in sight and saying it tastes good, you know. Right. Exactly. I'm just so fed up. Well, you got to put that. I didn't live here when Bush was in. Yeah. So, you know, I'm not that lucky at the time. What's your vibe at? I hope. Get in at Lockbox. I'll let you know what's you have to come out. Yeah. Yeah. We got all going to a lockbox. Oh. Although I never did like Lockbox even with my bagels. Oh, look at all the facts is coming in here. Look at that. Looks like W finally stole it. May God help us. May God bless us all. Yeah. It's his here sitting at Lafayl. He'll be fun to watch again. That's true. In fact, you have four years to go. Better make that Clinton stuff. Pale into one significance. Here's the call from Syracuse. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, you knew. Okay. Yeah. I'm just calling to tell you something. I'm trying to form you something might not already. But being well, I get it really hungry. I was calling all of the place. I called measly and so forth. I need to grant computer. Uh-huh. The reason the Supreme Court possibly. May have rendered a up-to-date decisions because there are holiday begins again yesterday. Holiday to the office. So what are you talking about? Supreme Court. Yeah. You were Supreme Court. Well, they were in a hurry. To be off. They were supposed to be off yesterday. Uh-huh. You don't, that doesn't, uh, what are my talking about. What's that color? That is. That is actually an issue. That thank you for saving the energy of asking. What are you talking about? Well, it just heard the ones you think they should have taken a little bit more time or said it. Yes. Well, how much more time? Like, maybe January 21st would have been good? No, it wasn't a sort of decision. Yeah. I believe you said that yourself. I said one. You said it. It wasn't a sort out. There were a lot of, uh, It didn't have to be thought out. Okay. We talked about the, about the, uh, Equal protection under the 14th Amendment, all that's bullcrip. That was just window dressing. They had to come up with some part of it. It wasn't so partisan, so that it might be, a palatable or acceptable, which it was not sure. It was still five to four. There was nothing to think about. For five to four. The same five nottees that voted last week, the same five. Don't come in again. And waste my time on our, our expensive out of townlines, sir. We're paying by the second. And Greg Reid ain't too happy about it. I'll need to ask you those. God, well, what was that? It's bad enough we have to. Talk to people over the age of 100 from down here, but some old, Custy fart in Syracuse. God wait until Governor or Pataki finds out about him. And by the way, Governor Pataki, go back where you came from. We don't need you and Mark, uh, group ball out here from Montana. Rascals. No, Rascaco. What is his name? Roscoe. It's both Rascots, but it's pronounced Roscoe. See, he don't even not, not a proud name. He's such a moron. And he's going to be secretary at defense. Not secretary of defense, but secretary at defense. You saw the ranch down there. You see all those animals around by the fence. Defense right by Yellowstone where they shoot the buffaloes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. That's when I said last night when I heard the news. I was shoot. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. I won't finish the rest. Here's Miami. Hello. Real. Yes, sir. I'm Bush. They try to keep covering up the alcoholism and the cocaine use. That abortion scandal comes out. The shop might hit the fan. Yeah, then we got Dick Cheney. We got a guy with a week ticker man who may go crumble in a second. Yeah, that who comes back with speaker? Yeah, I think Mr. Speaker. I think Kipo Neil. Okay. Okay. You know, let's put Kipo Neil's body in there. What do you say? It's being a drunken. Come on. Oh, wait a minute. One second. This is perfect. Everyone wants it a while you fall into a bucket of crap. One moment please. Put some crap on her for a second. Put play something I'm using. Just be cool. Okay, that's enough. There we go. There's no president. Folks. Patrick. They can't be. And I, your wish been the note. Hey, then two will plot your heavy bond. So what's going? Says he filled with goats and milk games. I have me fill. I hate the other. And when he bought his many home, he promised us to take the long long to lady. The living to the little. They reach where and bust the tights they're in. They use the dough. You know, the guy to call yesterday about term limits. He was absolutely correct. Two years and out. Get lost. These political empire builders, they got to go. They have got to go. Just like height and just like college football coaches. They got to go. Give my limit two years, four years, five years. Bring somebody else in. You're out. Go get a real job. All these drunken, these thieves, these scoundrels, these assholes that are raping the public. Spend in our tax money. It's coming out of a fear of faucet somewhere. Time for a goddamn revolution in this country is what it's freaking time for. Anybody believe in it? No. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay. I want to thank the Republicans for one thing that gave us a great excuse not to serve during duty anymore. I cannot determine the intent. Yeah. Well, they said you can't determine intent about that. People determine intent every day of the year when they go to court. I mean, I can't determine intent of a murder. I can't determine intent. You know, if we don't have that dream, but now we have that new brain finger permit machine. We won't have to do that anymore. We can just read people's minds. Or we get the Tiro card reader in there instead. I also hope that for now is good. So that's a relationship that I would rather pass in this state. I hope they give her the ambassadorship to the middle country. She's to the moon. Have a good one, Neil. Okay. Yeah. Maybe she can be up there with Alice at the moon. Does matter of fact, you know what we're good place for? Clock alone. That would be good. 560, 560, Pond 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. The Busty Secretary of Bush. Wouldn't it be great? I mean, we already found that the older was the oldest of the younger son, the younger Jeff Bush son, not the American at George P. But whoever the, the, the, the junior banging that chicken to car outside the shopping mall up there and tell a handson broad daylight. Remember that couple of weeks ago? Yeah. Maybe Jeff and the Secretary of Bush can do the same thing right up there in front of the legislature because what's already just happened to us is about as pornographic as it gets. And wasn't the Chief Justice Warren Boomer years ago who says, I can't define pornography, but I know what I see it. And guess what, ladies and gentlemen, we just seen it. We seen it, we smelled it, we heard it. Here's North Miami, hello. Stick it up your ass, two tips, go. 560, Pond 560 on the AT&T line out of town line 877, 785, 6345. Here's a lady mobile phone for Lauderdale, hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Hi. I guess I'm going to have to get a life now. I never, you know, call the radio show before all of this started. And I think the late reason that I kept on and on and on with this story is this Supreme Court. And when I heard Scalia the first time, my heart just ran cold. It was like, oh my God, if we have two or three more of them, have him, we are in trouble. It's a lie, I am not, I'm not saying. Yeah. Sure. I think, and I like it to that of all of it, that's the part that really concerns me the most for our country. We'll make it. All right. Thank you. Bye. You learned to glue step you love it. Good. It's good for your balls. Yeah, keep your balls. Uh-huh. 560, 560, Pond 560 on the AT&T. Why was one? I'll say again, all your bushlessers out there, hope you have a wonderful life with Pad Robertson, and would you fall well and would Tom delay and would Trent and lot and would Stomtherman and would Jesse Helms and would all your right wing Cuban friends. I hope you have a wonderful life together, including that Maracona called before that Bugaron, who's still rolling from what I hear. This is 560, QAS. 430, 560, WDK, WAM by Emmy Port-Watterdale. A B-SIRROTCAST group station. W-Q-A-M.COM or the word. If I think I'm on it, I'd judge bushlessers. What's going on? It's a B-SIRROTCAST. Yeah, it's a B-SIRROTCAST. All right. What's going on? It's a B-SIRROTCAST. What's going on? It's a B-SIRROTCAST. Are you sure? The rich boy old friend, Petticoat, and Junkie? What do you want to do? All I can't pay for that. He's gonna give us breakfast. About people go one after each. It's so confusing with the fact. We can't find you back. She's just a bit. We're looking all over, and it still ain't here. Hey, Junkie, you and your wager left, Junkie. She's so high you were pregnant both by now. That you did well last two or three college kids. Junkie party, huh? And you got pinched. What possession of drugs? But I don't wish it's like you. You can hire a judge. You get some day. Jack's plenty. And the fifth has sparse. Oh, you got boys, Junkie. The B-SIRROTCAST. So it's both Junkie and the B-SIRROTCAST. So it's both Junkie and the B-SIRROTCAST. Junkie, Junkie, raise the B-SIRROTCAST. One, one, one, one, two, and there's a picture. Come on, try a close, Junkie. Here's a B-SIRROTCAST. There's a close, Junkie, raise the B-SIRROTCAST. Junkie, Junkie, raise the B-SIRROTCAST. Come on, don't you think the new president who's better be in algorithm just a couple of weeks? Don't you think he deserves more respect than that? Oh, here's a fact. Again, proving that you can't please anybody out there. That's right, Neil. All of the Democrats are smart, honest, law-abiding, and all the other wonderful compliments we can muster up today. If I said that Democrats are a lawful and a bunch of wonderful times, I haven't said eight million times today that both parties suck and then have a crack to the ones who are responsible for running all these crappy candidates, did I say that? It goes on to say, if the tables were turned, the actions and responses wouldn't be any different. I'm a Republican and proud of it and voted for Gore, but I'm so sick and tired of the mentality of the people of the cold, you're sure over the last several weeks, especially today. These people are the intelligent voters of both of this community, you're sadly mistaken. The Republicans are now all hateful people. You talk about hate. What the hell do you think you're sure we're present today? I'm trying to think of the hate we had. I got that one that Boo got on that was calling in and then the other guy would hit and run artists was having even on what panel he said. Those are the only two hate calls I can recall. Huh? No, you're right, sir. Republicans are now all hateful people, just most. Just most. And the people will get sucked into what are our two naive. To understand what the Republican Party has become and what it's really all about. This is not new, but it's cute. Old but cute. Secretary of Bush will be the Ambassador to Chad and I'll be good place for sure. He'll catch anything over there. How is that poll coming along? Alcohol or he'll be speaking to the country non-aclock tonight to concede. I lost a stolen parent square, have a great life. I'm going now. That's what that's what I'm going to say. You want to leave a man's going to say? Oh, hey. Oh, he's right. He's going back to the Senate. See, cover the Zass, he knew the fix was in. He said something about, I don't think this election is kosher. Here's a mobile in Tamarack, hello. Neil, I'm standing. Why the Democrats are so up and arms over this when George Bush is going to nominate the first black Secretary of State. Woo. And cheap of staff. What does that have to do with anything? Well, no, let's get away with it. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. It seems to me that JC Watt from Oklahoma. He's a black two, isn't he? Oh, I'm not sure. Oh, we'll go check it out. You moron, you jackass. You're not sure. He says black is the ace of spade and he's a right-wing piece of crap. So just because of somebody's skin color, we're supposed to be happy about that. You idiot. You're simple, you need to be under-fall. Well, you Republican 560, 560, palm 560. See, no hate in the show today. I'm not sure. Oh, maybe I'll check it. Maybe I'll look at it again. Plus he's a former football player for quite six. You ought to know that. At least you ought to know something about Josh Drafts. Here's a lady mobile in Miami, hello. I, there was Bobby Hyman. Hi, Bobby. I, you know, I was so muddy with this election. But I made a phone call to the Supreme Court. I thought I was so pissed. Yeah. I'd say that they are kind of saying that what kind of voters are these that don't know how to vote? In the meantime, I've been voting for 40 years. Nobody ever told me the clean the back of my ballot. Is anybody ever told you that? No, nobody ever told me to scrape my gags. I mean, they're talking about that. About cleaning up the back of your ballot. I live in Broward. In fact, I heard that scraping your cha in Broward is illegal. That's what you're up to, Jenny said. Really? Yeah. Anyway, I call the Supreme Court. I was going to try to get my email. And then we're in still in session. But anyway, the other thing was last night or this morning. I started thinking about how no lawyer, nobody that seemed to be a specialist, who was at the United States Supreme Court would ever take this or even hear it. And then when you start thinking about, they immediately ran to the US Supreme Court. And a year ago, Bush June, you made a comment that the two people on the Supreme Court that he liked was Clarence Thomas and Scalia. Tony, you're totally right. Scalia's son is really. Are we going to know that Bobby, it's all news, it's all news. Yeah, but I know. I can't seem to get out. It's so high, but when you think maybe it was set up. Yeah. I mean, I mean, I hate to think that way, but you think maybe it was a set up. Yeah. Just trying to think in now. Yeah, just hit me. Would you believe it? I don't know. I don't know why. Well, survive, Bobby. Just kind of take to a call me in the morning. Okay. Bye, bye. Wow. A little bit whipped up to our friends. Oh, my God. Just kind of down. We live to Gerald Ford. We live through Dick Nixon. We live to Reagan. We live through Jimmy Carter. We live to a whole bunch of bubbly, idiot. Eight years of white ice now and all that energy had in world affairs. And John Foster Dallas. Just calm down. Wait, these people get all whipped up into a frenzy like was all that important. Like we had some great choice here. Like we just had some phenomenal exercise in democracy, which we did not. We just had a regular election. Okay. Now what? What's next? Vengeance. Am I going to have to dump you again today? I didn't see anything. Here's a mobile and call spring, fellow. Amy, you know how you doing today. Okay. Listen. I've got this. I have a real need to start getting involved in politics as old now because of what I've witnessed now. Yeah. I mean, I've been at the whole politics as a sad. Yeah, the jet. I voted for the first time in a long time, this election thinking that I might have something to say about it. You know, one man, one vote kind of thing. Only to watch it be stolen away. The only thing I can think of is that it's time for another Thomas Payne common since 2001. And the first thing I think that needs to happen is that the media needs to get pushed out of the electoral process completely other than to as an objective observer. Oh, objective observer, when is that going to start? Yeah, I know. Not in my lifetime. But at least we can try. The people at CNN are still trying to figure out what that decision meant last night. They still haven't got her right. Well, the most hilarious thing I thought about the whole election process is the night that it was all going on. Now, one of the network TV state news stations could come up with a vote to alleys, which similar to the next network news station. I mean, none of them were in concert with each other. They didn't have the right numbers. They didn't know what was going on. You know, the declaring, you know, like you're spending the declaring a floor to be forward happen, which everybody knows was a set up. If this doesn't spawn the American public out of their apathy and start getting a more involved and it's going to be a whole. It's going to do one or two things. You'll either do what you just said or it's going to drive back into a cocoon. Yeah, I know about that. Because this country, we have a lot of potential. And if we allow this to happen, it's just like we never had a revolution in the first place and we just coordinated another king. Okay, I'll see you at the Tea Party. Excellent. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six on the AT&T and Verizon Marlust Line. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, five, six, eight, six, eight, half. I don't do a sh** anymore. Every week, gone 3b years, exciting adventures unfold on Chad. But this week, you'll see something that's sure to bring the level of excitement to an even higher paper pitch. It's Chad, Rudy on day. Rudy, the 72 year old farmer's deal from Survivor makes his never acting debut in Chad. And I'll lose sure to lose the rating. Thank you, and you a favor. Chad, Rudy on day, let you see what it's like with an ill-tempered old man comes face to face with Catherine Bell and her other female co-star. Why can't you know, he's walking on him hand in hand and haven't thought about letting you in. He's from Survivor as he finds out what it's like in the old dude, don't ask, don't tell lady. I go home, my wife asks me about who is waking up, say, where to ran around to her ass after the time. We're going to think. Why? Just looking at the postcard, David James got to get bombed during a long sea voyage. Not in almost virtual way that's for sure. If the ratings go up, we'll Rudy become a regular cast member on the bag. If you can't have to get any brains, we don't think they got a brains to do it. Chad, with a J, only on TVA. Exactly. 13 at 5.60 W to Q a m. Here's the fact this is speaking of George W's dad. Can you imagine George W sitting in dinner with other world leaders that we wanted to themselves? If his dad took all over the Japanese, what's his son going to do to us? Yeah. Hey, don't have a rip snorting good time to matter where he is. Just point him in the right direction. 5.6. And in fact, they said the handle is going to be traveling all over the world again. Education very soon after it gets an aggravated. He'll be taking the powder. Who knows where he'll be going. And then of course, that dick chain. Wow. Dick rhymes with tick. As in tick, tick, you can just hear the heartbeat. Can you hear it? Yeah. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. I'm the first time caller. All right. I think about this election. I think the word should be hypocrisy. You know, you got Bush when he was covered out in Texas. And he signed a law saying that recounts would be okay. As a matter of fact, you know, they were sand last night to make it. This is like really rubbing the salt in our wounds. If we had the same law in Florida that they haven't Texas dealing with recounts, that we wouldn't have had any of the Supreme Court stuff last night. They would be the Florida Supreme Court could have ordered the recount. They would have done it because the law in Texas specifically says what the constitutes of Allen. Which includes dipled and pimple, etc. And then you got our Supreme Court, the majority who voted all their lives, what they've said is their champions of states rights. Right. So when they want to make it a surprise, they want to get their own conservative in. So they're going to turn their back on everything they've stood for their whole life. That's right. And then the funny thing at the end is our local Cuban supporters. All the time, if you look at it, it's been the Democrats who've been opening their arms. It was Kennedy and Johnson during the 60s. It was Carter during Mario. Yeah. So it'll be really kind of a funny situation. If they've elected a guy who goes ahead and shuts the door on their relatives, coming on. Don't confuse him with the fact. But it just, it's really a situation where anybody who looks at it, have to see that the powerful Republicans used every level of power at the national and state level to steal this election. Yeah. You know, it's just kind of disgusting. And don't forget your ability. He trusts the people. Yeah, he sure does. Okay. Have a great day, Pat. You too. Okay. Thanks to our buddies at Tony's over there for their great lunches that we hit. 25, 30 pizzas in here to get my object of work up again. Well, I feel like having object of it. Tony's at a hundred and ninety second North West second Avenue is that correct? Twenty-three. Twenty-three. Twenty-three. Twenty-three. Twenty-three. Twenty-three. Twenty-three. Twenty-three. Twenty-three. Twenty-three. Twenty-three. Twenty-three. Twenty-three. Twenty-three. Twenty-three. I don't know if that's going to be picking out. Just get the food out. You get that bread a little bit too carried away. Okay. He'll start to end to another rush. What's his name? I don't want to mention their name too much. Yeah. Because then, no, it's... I've noticed the good thing last couple of weeks I've noticed that I can actually come to work down. They're not sitting out there in a hallway blocking the hall off. Scott and I were at a one mentioned name on here too much. I mean, they're okay. Okay, but when I found out that that type would defo, like Peter Leonard, I used to like Peter till I saw him embracing defo when a hallway would have tung down each other's UV-Live yesterday. That just made me want to puke. Here's a call from Orlando. Hello. Hey, do a nail. Okay. Yeah, two things. Every key for say steel, when they do the recount and just hypothetically push those when that, will you stop seeing steel the election? No. You won't. No. Why not? Because that's not how they store losing hypocrites. That's your ass. Okay, don't ask a question if you don't want an answer more on sore losing hypocrites. I'm not the one that's sitting here whining. I already resided myself through it. They stole a fern square. So what's your problem, moron? You're like a little child. No, no, no, no. We won. What did you win? You got a double winner to be presented for for you. Why sure, hope that I help it. Hope you're saying. What is it? Sex life. Something like that. I'm getting ready. I'm getting the important stuff. All these people getting worked up about this crap. They stole it like I said yesterday. A whole bunch of different ways. But you're being a politically brilliant guy up there in Orlando, which I ain't to make the news to you about the girl Warren County. Did you see that? Actually, Warren County. See, a better watch it, pal, because you got some people a little bit to the left of a tell the hunt moving and surrounding you up there. Audial old fascist there. You're good old Christians that are running around, closing down the strip clubs and closing down this place in that place and trying to run around like a watcher name with a bottle or hand curing nation. God. Yahoo, that's an image of state. It's good old Yahoo. And all you brainwashed with public whooms out there. I hope you, I hope you enjoyed. I hope you enjoyed the repression. I hope you enjoyed the suffocating feeling because while he's up there getting a good nose full up there, right house. That's why he wanted in there. He ordered with the White House. That's why he bought the Texas Rangers. He was snorting up the base lines. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. See, it doesn't make any difference. What numbers come out now? The fact is the election was stolen. Period. Anybody who wants to be even a little bit leach but on. In fact, I think that when W finally makes his speech after Gorkon's needs tonight, he's going to say I want to thank the vice president so for graciously allowing us to see a election. Nothing wrong with that. Because that's you, Mark, an F and Y. It's still on elections. You great political suffistic it up there. Here's a mobile in rural B, chillin'. Yes, so, Ella. Yes, sir. It says clear intent of the voter to me when a canmassing board member is holding the ballot up to the light and feeling the back of it. That's very unclear at best. I agree. I agree. The second thing is, I think whoever wins it obviously is Bush, even though I voted for him, it's still the bad because I think it's just so close that it fell within the margin of error. Whoever would have won it, it's just a human error that you can't protect the colleague. That's right. I told him that some of the other tasks the machine become the error rate is 2 to 5%. Exactly. We're going within like 1000 to the 1% one. I mean, what's the point? Let's do it again. Well, I agree. Let's just do a repo. Yeah, I've killed another group three for a month anyway. How good day. You two. See, there's a guy that's not all been out of shape. He voted for Bush, but he's not a prick. You know, why can't more you be like him? And me. That's why I'm sitting here enjoying nice free lunch. That was wrong with you, people. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Don't blame me for Jewelry, Roman man. I'm nothing to do with him. Or gore. We do one of those people, my choices. No, did I defend either one of them? No, they're performance in the debate or they're ability to do it. No, no. That's what they lost. That's why they were in a position to have it stolen. You can just hear all the muttering behind the closed doors. Oh, look at that. They're actually going to put these two losers up against this. Now we can really go in here and steal it because it'll be close. You can't feel an election when he lose by a landslide, but you're running against totally incompetent candidates and it's going to be reading razor thin. Then the opening is there. Like leaving the lid off the cookie jar and instead of putting it off on top of the refrigerator, you put it out there on a goddamn table at waste level. Like an open invitation to come in and stick your hand in it and the jar too. Here's a mobile in the game also. Oh, yeah, it's not can you hear me. Hi, here you. OK, I could have been inside a parking garage. Yeah, you're so right. I'm a first-time caller. And yeah, we put up unfortunately and we can't date. I'm at the farm. Of course, I couldn't vote for mediocre bush, but I voted for a blur, but he was certainly not someone who's excited about. And you ever really get the Democrats enthusiastically about him. Put out an amacus this. I just have to comment and watch the hearing summaries of Supreme Court stuff and Clarence Thomas. I mean, what did you hope this guy is? He doesn't comment. He doesn't ask any questions. He doesn't join in the opinion. He just had a back at a woman smoking a big fat dooby. That's what he's doing. Just rubber stamps. Right. Whatever. Scolera and rank list. You got it. Yeah, and just like they got it called in before, but they're going to appoint the first black secretary of state. I'm glad you brought him up because there's a classic example. Just because somebody happens that dark skin doesn't mean he's somebody we can figure out. We can trust that we can be safe from. That's correct. And he certainly doesn't in any way. One convenience source of discovered over the years. And the no way shares the opinion of his black bread run, who, of course, overwhelmingly voted for glory. Amen. That was right. Which is why so many of them were turned away from the polls that we should mention. That's correct. Thank you. Thank you. Watch out for the deep sources of time. Hey, there we go. Hey, my name is France. New Jean Thomas. Friends of Bush is nominee for the Supreme Court. And you know, there's not some people who's out there to think just off. I just want you a little marijuana when I think college. And it wasn't as it but a pin joint. Well, maybe cigar, cigar, I know, Maria. Then they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court. Yeah, I got a bunch. That's what is quick and get out of here. I want to sit down straight. When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law. There you know. I'll be talking. Oh, and I'll talk it to the e. And I'll talk it to the West. And I'll talk it while I look up for the nail kind of. Yes. I'll be talking. That's a very one. Yeah. Yeah, what's wrong with another black supreme huh? It's premiums are all black. What's wrong with that? A cool guitar. Look at that. That's that. That's a good. It sends me a fact. There's a bush and a pop a bush. And there's that fashion stains baker. And there's the secretary of bush. And I spawn ties here. The grid put together. It says everyone in the power structure who knows anything has a plausible deniability. There are no compromising connections accepted in the most secret point. But what is paramount is that it must succeed no matter how many die no matter how much it cost the perpetrators must be on the winning side. And never subject to prosecution framing by anyone. This is a coup d'état. Nice going, jerk. Got a little choke up over it, but nice going. Five, six, seven, all five, sixty pound, five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's my me sure. It's hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Listen, I don't know how you're going to take this. I've been sick today. I've been listening to you in a while. I've been a little afraid. I don't want to catch it. Why? I've voted for off-natured. Why did I get too loud? Well, I can feel proud today because I voted for a guy that can be why do you feel proud? I'll tell you why because we're off-natured. It said in the beginning, either one of these candidates care about us as much more about caring about winning. Yeah, well, you see, got as punish you, which is why you're home sick today, sir. Got as punishing you for your naive pay. And for wasting your precious American vote on an old, bubbling thunderhead, who had no chance to win. And if we wouldn't have had those 98,000 votes for that candidate in Florida, we wouldn't have had to go through this grotesque exercise. And they wouldn't have been able to steal a election for the Secretary of Bush and Papa Bush and Jeff Bush and WNL and the George P and all the other Bush people. So shame on you, sir, and I hope you feel better soon, but not too soon. 56060, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T and provides them wireless one. Elgore will concede not a clock tonight. He'll do it in that same. What's the word I use for him? A dente tone. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I mean that, but the book said word I got. No, a Christ. Well, that too, that will come to me. Shut the lock down, that you thought. Huh? Now is that dumb 55? Yeah, so... I thought this was supposed to be our good news today. Well, what do you guess? What is wrong with you? Do you have any stocks on the NASDAQ? No, but it's a indicator, isn't it? Indicator of what? Of how things are going. What was the NASDAQ down yesterday? It was up. No, it was down 80. Oh, yeah, I thought it was up. Down, 83 yesterday. Like I said, Mr. Stock Expert, you know something you are hook up with my church? Oh, no, thank you. Yeah. I'm asking, man, in purgatory. Yeah, I'm doing better than he is with mine. That's true, and of course, so is almost anybody else. So our five-year-old children. 567, he don't blame me. Play him, remember, okay. He's the one to hook me up with that loser. And how's that jerocce doing while you're at it, remember? Don't be frifty, though. 26 past known at 560 WQA. Oh, my God, you're breath so beautiful. Tonight at nine, on the Food Network, it's Emerald, nice play. OK. So tonight, we're going to kick it off like a couple of f***ing nonsense. What the f*** you've clapped with f***ing money? Hey, folks f***ing, yes. Yes, Emerald's nice play. Let us do today, for then all. Shows you had to do things in the kitchen you never dreamed of. Today, I'm going to show you how to smoke fish. What's my f***ing tip, father? And nobody reads the recipe like Emerald's nice play. Jack and Jill, what up, though, hell? Some make themselves some stew. And just like an oven, Jill needed to love them. So he put his meat in there, so. It's that genius. It's the hottest cooking show on table. Hey, take a look at this for fun. What's it? Come on, baby. You know you want to grab my peanut. That Emerald's nice play. Right after I am chef. But you f***ing snap ahead. Just a blindfold. These people were sent so full. Only on the f***ing food network. Oh, you didn't say I aren't chef, did you? I'm sorry. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's Miami, hello. That was great. Good afternoon. See, here's the guy that's laughing already. You got it. Must be doing a public service. Thank God for me. Thank you. Thank you very much. You're welcome. I'm a strategist. It's the second time I've called you. It occurs to me. It'll take some time. But these people are going to have to calm down. Yeah, you're right. And you're your head. They're getting me psychotic. And I already at this point. I'm over it. You know, what's the good psychotic about? Yeah, well, one of the things I believe you've said it's many times already that has to be changed as the voting system. They have to go to this by AT&TM system. Right. It's a full proof. Is it a proof? That's right. And another thing that I was thinking and you mentioned him, and I don't know if you've said it, said this. But I couldn't think of a possible candidate to run against Bush in 2004. But perhaps in 2022, maybe if that brilliant attorney who was up in, Leon County, old Richmond. Yes. He's got my vote for governor. Exactly. That's what I was thinking. I love Jerry Richmond. What I'm going to say again, all these people that are whining about this election, if they would just take a look, Iliana Gross, late in Rosanna, then, and one of the most inarticulate, one of the most mindless, babbling fools who's ever set foot in the Congress of this country. And she's representing South Florida. And here's a brilliant articulate thoughtful guy. And he's got to be up there arguing, losing cause in the court on County. What it said, day for America. Absolutely. Well, thank you for your time. Good luck to us. Yes. Yeah. See all you ethnic's out there. All the Jews that vote only for Jews and the Cubans that vote only for Cubans, and the Chinese that vote only for Chinese if we had any Chinese, which we don't. That's the problem with America. Don't confuse us with the qualifications. Don't confuse us with what this guy's all about, or if he ever stole a freight train, or if he's achieved drunk or anything like that, or a hypocrite, or a liar at a thief. He's one of us, so therefore he's got our vote. Not that I want to mention date County in that context. Do I? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. One time, listen to the first time, call her. All right. You were talking about the Republican hate. I was watching one of these political ponds at one of the networks the other night. They said that they did a very expensive national poll, and it was amazing how so many of the Democrats didn't want to vote for Bush because they thought you wasn't qualified. He was too conservative. Right. But almost to a person, the Republicans actually hated Goa. Right. So he was the anti-grides. Republican party is the party of hate that it took. And if you talk to some of these Republicans, they'll call you. They'll be like, you. Uh-huh. That's all they feel like. Right. I mean, they don't give you any real logical reasons why they voted. Listen, I've been asking since the election day for one person that would call this show. That's over a month ago now. It's like five, six weeks ago. I've been asking on his program. Why anybody voted for Bush? I had one person who was honest enough to give me the reason that he said he's basically what a poor band was. He's a bigot. He can't. No, seriously. He can't relate to the kind of people of order to go meaning blacks and who he was. And gay and whatever else. And so, at least he was honest enough to admit that he's a bigot. But what a commentary that is. Right. And I'll tell you a bigot's embarrassment from me as a Cuban American when I'd talked to some of his Cubans down here. And the reasons that they give you for why they vote Republican. Yeah. You got to roll your eyes and say, well, how was this guy? I think, you know, is this guy's mind? Yes, I mean, everything from what guy even said to me, well, the reason that we need to get a Republican in there, so the price of gas will go down. There you go. You really think, oh, back into the drop to price of oil because George Bush takes the white off. Yeah, George Bush and the Cheney two oil guys, right? I mean, yeah, they give you these reasons that you got to walk away shaking your head. No, 50. He'll buy you a little bit of water. I'm a little bit. Right. Okay. Thank you. You got a hanging there. Yeah, there's a poor poor guy. Now, we had been to have 25% of the Cuban people voted for Gordon this time and probably a couple for a later and one or two for a Chagavara, whatever it had was. So, just keep that in mind, not all Cubans are right, we can phonetics, just the most too many, too. We are far too many, not all old Jews are feeble and can't vote right. See, I don't want to rub the salt in their wounds up there in Palm Beach County. But how would you feel now, not that the everything is lost? Not only not having gotten your vote count right, but voting for Hitler Jr. Wouldn't it be like borderline suicidal at this point? And, notice, lightly, we've had an epidemic of people jumping off bridges there, which I don't want to encourage that because it's glued up the traffic for many hours at a time. And one day along, we had two people, one gave it a good shot and the other one she's more, though, finito. Won't see her no more. How about a good civics lesson, a good refresher civics course, to teach American people how to vote, how about getting in some real voting equipment, how about getting computerized machines over in Hillsborough County, even the Yahoo's in Tampa put us to shame. And I don't hear anybody out of here David Lee, I don't hear whoever's going to be Jane Kills replacement and Broward. I don't hear anybody talking about, well, let's clean this up and start doing it right. Because you know about David Lee, he's an asshole. Yeah. They might have been changed to David Lacky. Here's Daytona, hello. Yeah, well, they don't want to fix the machines because then we might know who won. Anyway, last night on CNBC, the buying Williams, when it went in ball broke, but for a little before 10pm, buying Williams is going, the guys are running with the papers and buying Williams of screaming. Reverse reverse reverse. You know, but it wasn't, but it's not amazing that at least they got it right. Well, if the CNN and I weren't accordingly, they still were had their finger up. They were asking couldn't get it right. Well, it was reversed and it was remained right back to the floor. Is that frame court CNN, Mr. Be Bruce Park? Oh, yeah. Yeah. But they really, if the four to Supreme Court had any balls left and they've been beaten to do it. Just like this, like, Duff was at the dolphin game on Sunday and one of the plays he screamed out, Greg, it's a reverse. It's a reverse. Yeah. Well, if they did any, any of their balls are all smashed now, but if they had any left, the four to Supreme Court could say, all right, you've remanded it. All right, we'll give you a standard. Here's the standard. Start counting again. Yeah. But that ain't going to happen. But they only had like an 1.5 left. But as they would say, it's a free snow day when Bush is in. And we get one free snow day. That's true. Hey, Robo, go back. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no. Our girl expected it can see. Now, they have this headline that I've got up there all day yesterday. They had all the decisions could come at any moment. That was both on CNN and MSNBC. Any moment. It's coming. It's coming. It's coming. It's coming. It's coming. It's coming. Oh, no. It's there. I'm mixed out there in Power 96. But do they have to do it so that the wall's shaking here? Yes. In the middle of our lunch hours, so that our kishki is our turning. I've already got my grid, my IBS and my old age, whatever all these things are going on. I just can't spin if they don't recreate the core of the atmosphere. Oh, I see. I got a club form. Same way that some of that OJ used, I think. Sure. How is it possible that that's going on? The walls are trembling in here. We're smart potatoes over here. It's not like we're doing the guy named sure in the middle of a closed dryer. But do we care? Am I upset about it? No. I'm going to put a good mood to them. Have a nice three lunch here from Tony's. Thanks, Brad. And the left goes on. Markets in the cramper. Yeah. See that was another big lie from all my good friends. I don't want to get to David Pistoff again. Another big lie. Oh, the market. The market wants Bush. Yeah, well, so far you got Bush. The Dow is, you know, was up 143 now. It's up only. What is it? Was it up or down? So T say something. But the S&P is done. To the down means nothing. The Dow is 30 stocks. Do I have those 30 stocks? No. The S&P is done a couple of months. That's down 58. So for all the great excitement that Bush was going to bring in. So far they're working too good. He has nothing I didn't there yet. And already it's not the like I was trying to tell you before when you were arguing with me. The Neil Roger show sports radio line 60. You a ham. Help to the George for the five. I rule over America in the case. There's two white bullies. The blue bullies. That's why you're a bull's always right away. You're a little bit too big. You're a little bit too big. You're a little bit too big. The people in the lower heart of hearing you thought that he's getting all excited when they say he thought they said something about his to fill in. They were talking about his golden fillings that they were looking to get their hands up. 17 to one at five 60. WQL. I think over show a two book show. You six big night tonight. Baby it's door dive. I don't believe that. They keep calling that to us. Of the pathways that went tonight. Well, of course it's a big life. They want us to keep showing up and come to find out when it's close to unloading the team. Which we pray. All by Rucha. Tonight is. So let's soon. Please. But in the meantime, they're leaving us dangling out there in the wind. And he doesn't want to do anything. Or make any changes because he doesn't give a crap anymore because he's unloading it. Just like with a Marlon. Same old crap. Right here the Grinchu stole Christmas. The Grinchu stole sports. The Grinchu stole our enjoyment. That's Wayne Hypinga. Piece of turd. Just what we always get here in Florida. You're hoping for the best. You're hoping for San Iclos. And you get Wayne Hypinga. Another piece of crap on two legs. Shipping internationally. Next time you's bed X and be absolutely sure. No. You ever see that spot where the Japanese are sitting around the table in the business man in Texas? Well, I didn't say, you know, jerky. I said it was a steak two months ago. Those, uh, uh, and they're all going, they're all doing a George Bush pop a bush. See now we have to distinguish between the, uh, uh, your W and pop up. And then of course, there's always George scored score T. Yeah, let's all go up to Talahashi and watch George scored score T. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Listen, I'm not going to hold any grudges. I voted for Gore. Yeah. But I understand why Bush is a beef man to deal with election. Uh-huh. However, my only prayers for poetic justice. Ralph Nader should only have a giant, the billetating stroke. Okay. You'll never screw up another American election. And it wouldn't hurt your die. You'd have one also. Okay. What do you think about that? I think Marla would agree. Absolutely. She's embarrassed for that. Good. God bless. I'm actually probably dump his old ass anyway pretty soon. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Nothing. We wish any old Nader, but die pretty soon. A wicked death in a lot of pain. You know, already had a stroke, which just wasn't debilitating enough. Oh, did he? Yeah. That's why he got his eyes at half mass. And he really told you, like he's got a numbing lip. Who's that? Ralph, Ralph Nader's got a numbing lip. That damn sack and I can't stand it. Here's a mobile in Lighthouse point. Hello. Yes sir. I'm doing great. You know, it doesn't matter who really wins this election. The bottom line is nobody's going to have respect for this president. Right. And this president will not be supported in the house of the Congress. That's why that's not the apple question. Which would you rather have a lame duck or a lame dick? I don't. I don't. For the duck. Uh-huh. Anyway, I would also like to say that, you know, they tell you to vote where your heart is. If somebody felt that Nader should have been the president, that was their business. I wound a voting who I believed in in my guy. I didn't even run. I voted for a guy that's not a career politician. I voted for Jesse Ventura. Yeah. And whether people agree or disagree, that's where my heart was. Well, that's what I'm going to do in 2004 before I leave this time. Good. Well, that's my absentee ball. I'm going to put in for Jesse. And also, I just wanted to say that why don't you become like all these other Pamp. And Verizon, I look too much of him get on the air. See I'm a little slow today. Did he realize who it was? Another dick in the White House. Oh, God. What's what about that? Yeah, I wasn't too sure. It's not a kind of whiny. It was him. It was the anti-Christ junior. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Out of town line is all I could ask the call from Atlanta. Hello. Yes, sir. I know how you are. All right. I listened to you a lot when I'm done in Florida. Excellent. I want you to know from Atlanta you met at Norby. The Georgia flag was a timid up here too as well as in Jordan and Florida. Yeah. And I want to go and have a really good idea about this. But you know how you're going to work out with us up here. Well, yeah. But I enjoy your show. I'll be down for a Friday. Okay. I'll see you then. Thank you, sir. Bang in there. Of course, here you know, see when you talk to Darfos hanging, there's not a good respect to the hang port. They start getting nervous. Now that we got these people in there in power again. Oh, there is an algorithm that the American people that ever wanted. He just way to go ahead. Bye-bye. Yeah. Or maybe that was old foul. Do you go and buy? Something like that. In fact, if he was smart, which I don't know if he's really all that smart. But if he's smarter than I think he is for his own sake. He should be very glad. He's probably going to be saying better you than me, George. Under these circumstances. And I was certainly agree with that. Because there is going to be enormous, all this all is talking about, well, he's going to work with the Democrats and we're going to have unity. All right. Just like we had last eight years with those farbizs in. With those miserable obnoxious, hateful, right wing. But see there you go again. I can't control himself. Keep saying those things. Is line five ever going to get fixed to your job? No. Thanks a lot for line five and also for the noise in the hallway, which he's out to lunch now. Don't be messing with bluff. You can't take care of all our little problem. Go, go to this incident. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. I'd like to just share what I like. What I think. And I'm going to make that guy happy. They wrote the facts. Let's take today. Yeah. Well, the thing is that it doesn't sound real important in the overall scheme of things. But when you work around there and you come home, you want to sit down and relax and watch. And show on TV that you've been watching since it's beginning. And then they interrupted with hours of this book. Oh, not even that. You invest an hour in the show. Yeah. And five minutes before the end. Channel seven, like despise in the task. Like poetry. Besides to cut off the end of the show. And sit there and battle in separately with no information. Other than the fact that the announcement is pending. Yeah. No other station I checked. Not one of the networks did what they did. Right. They waited until telecloth. And five minutes later Rick Boohead says, well, we're now in our telecom newscast. And I know people were upset because I tried to call them and I couldn't get through. I didn't like that. And the thing is, the show that they interrupted has such a demographic that I don't think anybody watching really cared if the announcement was pending. What show was in? Dark angel. Oh, dark angel. Yes. Uh-huh. Okay. Which is a decent show. Right. Got some action. It appears to younger people. But why do they need to do this? And it's not the first time they've done it. Because they're a bunch of asshole. Exactly. Exactly. They're going to order the telecom. We don't forget to do CNN and model. We may not be first, but we never get it right. Exactly. You were talking before about Brazil having electronic voting. Uh-huh. I had written an article I think in wired magazine. Believe it or not, one country that's also in that same situation. It's years ahead of us is India. They said they're computers in every polling place. I hear that they just punch out the dot. Exactly. Have a great day. And back to you. That's what I hear. In fact, didn't you see that when they were looking at the ballots up there in telecast over the week and one of the judges, he picked lunch and said, what's done? It was dumb Indian voted. Although I do like curry. Not so much kid curry, but I do like curry. I kid curry's all right. He just, uh, he's finally catching on. You know, John keeps bringing them all like European music. He's finally catching on. The fact that music they play on power 96 blows blows big time. Oh, you see the back street boys had had a third concert at the Amacirina because the first two sold out in about a half a minute is what he gave me those tickets. You're not. Uh, because I might even go or I might just give them away. Haven't spoken to him since we put the order any. What does that mean? That means he's going to shine me again. That means who the hell does that? I guess what he was to found out it doesn't ring inside of the National The Intercentor like he did up there in Palm Beach of that awful, awful, uh, cruel sky amphitheater place where I almost got in the menu that night. Although I have an interesting experience on a way out. So what do you think Rick Sanchez has to say for himself? I already have a homosexual relationship with Leo. So I might as well have one with you too. We have 157 votes in our poll so far. I got a lot of energy and emotion about this today and why to help not. It may be our last gas. Who's to, uh, who's most of the blame for Al Gore losing this election? Uh, and he did lose and he will concede it on the clock tonight and spot a CNN's reporting that they're still evaluating the decision about whether Jimmy Carter's going to run again. Al Gore himself is most of the blame said 152. 42.5%. Dumb voters said 64, 18%. Ralph Nader 4813.4% of the misnasterous cases we hope he has a stroke we'll soon. State of Florida 32, 9%. US Supreme Court 23 blame the Supreme's. Uh, Theresa LaPore 17. Julie Renne only 12 and the Florida Supreme's. Head only. Head only. EI votes. 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. There you have a good point. The market you would have thought it was, uh, in the futures we're looking up all the night as much as I thought. Remember I told you that this morning? I was a little bit suspicious about that because after this all came down last night, I thought to myself, I'm going to go to bed when I get up in morning, I'll turn on CNBC and those futures are going to be skyrocketing. We're going to make a fortune tomorrow because they keep telling us, oh, the market wants bush to market want. A lot of guys that want bush. That don't mean they're going to get it. And the same with us, we want our money back. That doesn't mean we're going to get it anytime soon. Mitch, anybody want to buy some shithicks? No. I'll let the least up around 30 now. At least it was this morning. Wow. 30. You want to buy something else? I'll sell to you like 31. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You're on the call about the election and part of hearing all these winding democrats complaining about the vote count. I think they want to turn on another show. 560, 50560, 560 on the ATT. Turn on fat ass limb ball. Okay. He'll be going, what the fuck are we doing? I thought I'd lie. Yeah, how are we doing that? Turn him on. I'm not interested in hearing you're a winding. Okay. You're the one that's winding. See there's nothing worse than some asshole calling a talk show and telling, you know, it looks screaming at the moon, like a dog sitting there, brock at the moon. The moon still like it to go away. So if you don't like what you're hearing, find something else. Have a nice life, have a nice holiday. Go bucket the rock or yeah and have a merry life. God. Here's a mobile in Hollywood, hello. Mobile in Hollywood. Oh, they're phone Hollywood or what? Here's a mobile in Hollywood. Can't do it. He's twisting it and the phone too. 560, 50560. I don't have patience for those 900 year old people in Hollywood or the 900 year old people in cemetery village up in Palm Beach. Who are the ones responsible for screwing up his selection? But nobody wants to point the finger at them. It's much easier to blame the Cuban, the shpartures, this one of that one. If those old people are voted for a view, cannon. Yeah. For a pet-ficking view, cannon. Shame on you. Shame on you. But a disgrace. There would be like writing in, Hermann Jering, Rudolph Hess, Joseph Gerbulls, George Gerbull. That was wrong with you. Yeah, that's right. Father Coglin. Well, that's right. He was an American Catholic. How's this radio show doing? 560, 50560, 5060 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Anybody who wonders about my comments about the virulence of the Catholic Church? All I have to do is remember those great days when the father Coglin. Radio program was on this country. Earlier in the last century, spewing the most virulence anti-Semitism known demand, even Hitler would have been embarrassed. But at any rate, and then of course don't forget the John Pauli 12. I mean, would that say John Paul, Pope Pies, or I know? Whatever, they're all the same. Only the dress has been changed to protect the guilty. Pope Pies the 12. 430, 560, 70, 2AM by Emmy Port Lodderdale. A measly broadcast group station, WQAM.com, or the world. They can see squares in the space. Yeah, I got so much time now, they say, the less than that. Neal Rogers, one to two now. It's good, it's good. I see the like of why, Christian, I've got the Jews and gay homo. I like love too, very close to life, I feel they say, we don't, you know, who the Bible is like I know. I'm just like a wild Christian. And how he almost thinks and acts alike, not to think, you're never a surprise. Yeah, wouldn't if he wanted to follow everybody in the world right away, right? And Christian, and look the same and said the same things. Norings, I don't think so. No, to me, that would be paradise. And for the public to know, I see things to like, oh why, Christian, and how we all must think alive. Yeah, all the gay who's black and yet alive must die. Oh, until everybody is Christian. And what? Yeah. When it after one at five, 60WQ, I'm a tall over but the shot now, I'll go and see none of Clark tonight. Somebody call CNN Tom, I'll go and see the nine tonight. He's not going to say let's have the election all over again. Here's a great thanks for merchant must-pom beaches. Now we know why the Republicans didn't want to send alien back to Cuba. Why said him do it with an animal, and Republicans, we already have one here. Florida, good point, Richard. Why waste the gas? I don't think he's expensive now. Where were we going? Here's a call from Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Today is the goal is day. My president like George Bush can kick that ugly. Okay, here's a mobile and plantation. Hello. Oh, great show. Yes, sir. I'm not a good question for you. I'm not a bad question. Five states, they're still in a row. Two more on two overgrown children. Like I said, you know, Mr. Miles, we have how many times have I talked about the fact that when you go to any big city in this country, and you see crazy people on the street corner handing out religious propaganda, and sometimes they're on a soap box, and they're just standing there and they're always disheveled and looked like they just called out of a dumpster, and maybe some of them did. And even people who believe the same fairy tales would say, oh, yeah, those people are embarrassing their crazy people, and you go to church on Sunday, maybe they be sitting right next to those same disheveled, smelly crazy people. That's what this reminds me of. Julvenile, Hateful, Sick, Twisted, Pathetic. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Pember Pine, Chillow. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, calling in just to let you know that Gore is going to concede. Thanks. You can stop pushing. Yeah. You're going to get those emports up back again. Uh-huh. And, uh, okay, this is 3-0 on. Another asshole is coming up. No, no, no. So what are you talking about? Listen, I just wanted to make a point in how many stuff times are. Yeah. They're pretty messed up. The leading rapper is his wife. The leading golfers black, and Bill Clinton just got that from Vietnam. Yeah. Okay. 3-0. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. Oh, man. Good pizza. Here's a mobile and pop at OB, Chillow. Yeah, hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I love you, sir. Uh, secondly, um, you were talking earlier when the Miami-Hero down the freedom of information act will ever hold this recount. What kind of standard they would be said? Yes. How they're going to look? I heard that they will use two different standards. One standard obviously, a lenient more towards the democratic side. And another one lenient more towards the Republicans. Uh-huh. And, uh, well, I don't know. My hunch, uh, personally opinion is probably that either way, go or would win. What do you think? I have no idea. Well, I guess I leave it at that. And we find out the truth will come. I haven't got any idea. The truth will come out either way. Okay. Thanks. See you. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless One. Take some of those pizzas to God. That's some free food. That's what we're here for. Free food. Yeah, that's all we're coming for. Free food in the paycheck for us a month. We're not kidding anybody. We're not here to entertain. We're not here to serve as responses. We're just here to try to switch. Because that's the beasley effinway man. That's what Greg said this morning. He came in here. You said you squeezed out some good ones. I said, yeah. Tell that. You ran out of here. Yeah, last time I saw Greg and Holley was talking about to the Secretary of Bush and her big boobs. Something like that. And George said something about while takes one. Here's a mobile in front of my or so. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Well, what are they talking about anyway? They want one standard when there's all different kinds of ways to vote in the state. Anyway. No, that's right. So I guess there's a lot of any Christ first Clinton and any Christ. And now gore is. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And I guess also that this, this selects. Oh, look at that. Wait a minute. Baba had a private talk from Ireland with Al Gore. It tends one this morning. I just thought I mentioned it in passing. So it says that Mr. NBC. You got to. I hate to be the dead horse, but this election just happened to come out so close with his brother up there and for it to turn out to be the real sleeper. Uh-huh. I think while we were sleeping on the GWB, I guess that's things for gathering winning ballots. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. You have a good one. Okay. Hmm. 560560. Pint. Now see, I didn't realize this. The emitter comedy hour. Yeah. I didn't realize that. I forgot about that. That was the big one to two hour. No, it's the amateur comedy hour. I don't know. I forgot somebody neglected this. I still put to me. And they I note too. But that's okay. You just keep coming along. If it makes you feel better because quite frankly, I'm not all been out of shape. Life is going to go on. I couldn't give a crap lesson at this point. And what can I tell ya? What's in the bag? You're going to know there's must be from the next cigars. See, now here is a great moment. See, all new people out there are going to buy space balls. I don't care. That might be a never-to-make cause a few seconds. All you have, heavy breeders out there. But our friend from next cigars just sent up a bag by personal courier. One of our people, a listener. One of our people just do volunteer to go down. He was going on a public stock up on his own supply. He said, I'll be kind enough since he's in the hood to drop by and deliver them some stuff. And he did. Thank you sir. And thank you Nick and Mike and all our good friends down there next cigars. And Frank may hope to you, okay? Mayor, whatever your name is. Frank Mayor, there's an anti-Christ for it. There must be a hole. There's a factory where they're standing out a little anti-Christ. He's one of them. So you won't be stealing anymore of our cigars because you won't be using doing that account anymore, Frank. You're out, pal. You're out. Even if we have to wipe up your way into the anxious Peter Leonard, at least we know. No, seriously, at least we don't need to bring him back. We have to put up with a half out of his book. We can't. Subject. Oh, I forgot. That's right. We like them. They probably have him put away. Like I said, here's a mobile inform order, Dale. Hello. Oh, no. Yes sir. Hey, buddy, man. I know what you should have a survey to find out why Bush won. And his brother could be one of the reasons that no good scumbags. And also, it's a clean court. That's what we ought to have a survey because that's the only reason why he won. You realize that, right? Yeah. You know, good. Five, six, seven, one, a real terror. You're right, man. Wait. What? The comedy hour. Yeah. We were doing okay until the sun and the sun got all crazy people. But that's fine with me. That's what Joe Costello said. Free pizza. We don't give it crap. He understands comes in for his like 375 an hour that he gets all the weapons Ready was uh. Re President, currently sure Family glory. Rumor has ironed that Joe was buying hockey team as well. I'm here. And all the maries you're fired. That's, uh, is not just a rumor. Yeah, Wayne is joking with you. Interesting to see how many people struggle to get the Peng Light's next wins. At home. Wish by that tenvert lost one of the five six more games in a row. No question about it. God, he's got in town that he's got all finagle to a cellotimda another sucker just like John Henry He's got to sell them a bill of good. Then the meantime he expects each and every one of you to buy a lot of tickets and fill it join up on it come home Jordan and Sachi Sorry about a girl named why Every morning She went up with all the cash that's in me Okay, she's rich and famous She's a star and she's still just a teen They go why would she come to that evening with me And they say she's so I need She's a bit if he's just a teen And he's really rich and famous In her real life nothing has gone wrong So why does she find him this time She had a date with him When she was young and she kids have to buy something Right home Don't hold a cane they pay 15 of her career Don't let off that fly key There's winding in the zone 14 at 5.60 WQA I just saw Justin Timberlake on TV I yelled out of the screen Okay, anyway 5.60, 5.60, 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line Let me say it again somebody affect a whole bunch of people Let's see in it ought to be fired today Don't you think she and then I'll do a house clean there The water Bernie Shaw's retiring he's embarrassed That wasn't the first time either that they've had a thing wrong They had a whole the font was totally wrong on Saturday When they were doing the counting they keep on the wrong information under But last night was the coup to tat Because for now on a quarter they kept insisting that while they've Rematted to the floor to Supreme Court we're trying to make sense of this And I guess they're going to have to come up with a standard for how to become the votes And we don't know what that is now they're going to do it in time And in the meantime, MSNBC right from the beginning reverses and remains All the CNN the network that couldn't get it right They must be hiring people as stupid as Ted Turner on us be it Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Mobile in Miami, yes sir Yeah, it's not a mobile sorry about that Here's a stationary in Miami Neil I'm a Republican but I like to think I also have a sense of humor and it's pretty much Along with you at this point and really didn't matter just put somebody into the office Yeah, get it over with all right Yeah, I'm going to get on with important stuff Yeah, you said a couple of there actually a lot of things I'm a relatively recent listener but a lot of things that make me believe that You're suddenly not a Republican probably a Democrat but one thing you said last hour really Damn sir, not a Republican you can go to the bank on that One thing you said last hour really tip your hand You know what that was I'm sitting here enjoying your free lunch Yeah, that's it. Thanks Neil. Okay, thanks Neil That took my hand. Oh yeah, I'm out of the closet now. Oh, sorry I'm sitting here enjoying your free lunch Here's and that's something And thank God that I wasn't born with a silver spoon up my ass like double You know, heard from the Democratic party no less. Yeah, right. Yeah, the Democratic party Oh, the Democratic party. Oh, the name paper launched. No, no, one of our fine friends paid for it right up the street Little hidden run little favor. Oh, yeah, he doesn't know. Well, sir if you don't know by now Which candidate I voted for which one I voted strongly against then I feel sorry for it Then he must be a lot better than you sound on the air Five six seven. Oh five six. Yeah, I'm a relatively new listener. Uh-huh Enjoying your free lunch Go on, uh, you know participate in some lynchings over the weekend and make yourself feel better. Okay pal Here's my me lakes pillow Oh another another be public cool. Okay. We're on a tear this hour I guess to just call on the segment. I've been all my parting up. Have a good time five six seven Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's Candale lake. Hello. Neil. Yes sir Yeah, you're overtones in the house. I'll triple these protection tonight for one when they make a contest speech. Yeah We think I think you're an asshole. Hey five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. It's Donna, you know the depressed of our film and from yesterday that you cured up Uh-huh. Just an observation. Don't get chronic Donna. Okay. I won't know because you cured me. I'll be putting my song my sentence I know and my mom's in the car today. You're gonna put it for a please but an observation. I was in Washington Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We had to see I knew things were going along a little bit too well Because I thought people'd be going a little off the deep end today, but it took till one o'clock before they started doing it and isn't it just delicious hearing it Here's Weston. Hello. You don't get the high good correct. Yeah, sir. You don't get lost at all this well And I haven't heard many people talking about it. Is that the Florida House voted yesterday Seven and forty one to a web that newspaper letters designated for Bush. Yeah, and you know the Supreme Court How about however the Senate has voted on the Senate? Yeah, they may cancel the vote based on what the Supreme Court And I guess they're waiting to make sure that Mr. Board can see it but I would that was a couple weeks ago I thought maybe it's time. Maybe it's time for the confession that I heard wind of this plan that the Republican trod State legislature was gonna go out and try to elect a new slate of electors and that gave me pause because I thought you know That would be a pretty historic precedent because at that point if they can do that in this election I guess it could be a stretch but it could probably happen in another election Sure, and then when that type of thing happens then I mean, seeing Senate having the people representing more We're gonna even have state legislatures or the Supreme Court. Right, and and a lot of money I'm thinking that you know you could have and as long as you have a like minded governor with the state legislature A white minded governor A white minded governor with the state legislature that if you threw a bunch of challenges regardless of what the outcome You could claim that machines were fostered that you know there was there was you know too many people with her hanging out their Perfect or whatever and all of the sudden you have a situation where they could claim I think But you're gonna make a difference at the move point to just calm down. Okay, okay And I heard it I can't funny fox is still around on the radio. Yeah. Oh God. That's what I say. Good bye. Well now who was talking about that the other day about Ron Hershey or say who says he's still on with him? I don't know are they still going up their whooshy highway together? I think they were was Hank talking about that day about he's the most talented guy on radio and I think it was Hank Ron Hershey is the most talented guy and radio in his mark. Hi, who's the funny fox? I was the Neo Rogers could like you hear the word asshole. Yeah 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless 5 Here's a mobile in bokeh. Hello. Yeah, how you doing now great? Me a couple little facts that bother me. Yes. No way for this whole challenge process, but I every year bush or any of his people ever say they'd respect any court decision that would come down against them No way did they ever say they would respect the court. Yeah, that's first and that's very troublesome Well they only respect them and they come out of this as they like Well, you know they just came into this place like an occupying on me. I know that's not going to get rid of them. Right. You know it had me wondering if the court came out against them were going to call for homes in direction Maybe they're point could be. You know and the other thing is Maybe if a cany would like gone up there with Alexander Higgins and we're in charge of his body and said we're in charge of Right. Exactly. You know this lush limbo not that I listened to him much but I get a listen to the enemy occasionally We're saying that you know in Rome took caught the hania that they instead of incorporating you know these people into the party like taking some Democrats and liberals into the cabinets Yeah, you know they saw the fields so they couldn't grab no crops and starve these people out and be rid of them once and for all And he says these are his words that that's what we should do with the liberals and the Democrats at this point now that we've seen Yeah, you know this is the type of thinking that goes on on your spot. Why are you listening to that? Why are you some dick to yourself that's Will well you right you right you right why do you sure not just getting control right is to show it It's kind of bothers me and you know the fact the fact is to be in control for a long time I know that maybe you just called out a bed, but the fact has been control for a long time of this country Yeah five six seven or five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line See about the only accurate thing that people were saying and that was the one thing that motivated me to actually go out and vote was the Supreme Court And here's a good lesson for you boys and girls here with the only reason to make sure that boys didn't get in if you possibly could Was that we have clearance Thomas and we have suitor and we have we're having rather Scalia and we have rank list and Sandwood day, O'Connor and not to mention I'd be token Thomas That's why Because those are the people who have the power because they're in there for life or as long as they want to be until some other Nazi comes along to a really manipulate how people are going to live in this country for generations to come Generations to come But don't confuse the public with the fact and now all of a sudden they're up and arms about oh my god We don't the Supreme Court was a wonderful institution. Yeah, and non-political right Here's a mobile implantation hello Oh, yes sir. Oh, I've got a question for you. What is the reasoning behind the black balling of Teddy Nolan? Why is he not being considered for a coaching judge because the league doesn't like guys who give GM's a hard time. They don't he's been black balled. He's not going anywhere That's basically the whole thing. Yeah, I'm sorry I know we could share a user. Well, there's plenty of other guys out there sir But it's not going to happen until Wayne sells the team. I mean, you know, you better wake up and visit the Capitol. Nothing's going to happen to Wayne sells the team He doesn't care how many games they lose. He doesn't care about the fans and that's it Just like with the mollins it's the same game all over again. Yeah, and so maybe a lot of people even more than in the past they're going to start staying home from now on Well, you know what in your past I've tried you know, I'd say expensive But I tried to make it into at least a half a dozen dozen dozen games I have not tried once this year. I'll tell you in a new owner who cares about the fans. I'd say forget about it. Yeah, I mean the product is just not there. It's not worth And you know something last year was you know, team was playing real well at home and had a pretty good season and they made a playoffs and every time you go you'd say boy, just watching burry is worth a price of admission He's not I mean even though he's got 17 girls. He's a shadow of his former self even though what he's doing out there is lackluster There's just nothing going on with that. That's exciting. That's worth making the effort unless you look real close by and get free tickets like I do You're right because they're not going to play for Terry Murray. It's a might. You know, we can keep saying the same thing, but the Wayne doesn't care God bless Wayne. Okay, and all the bushes. See the asshole, but they are five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line 411 votes so far who's most blame for gorillas in this election. Al Gore himself 175 dumb voters 73 later 54 state of Florida 39 US supreme 26 Teresa LaPore 21 Julie Lebron 14 the Florida supreme still pretty way down around the bottom with only yeah votes Here's a lady in four lottery deal. Hello. Yes. Hello. Yes, man. How are you doing? Okay. I guess if they're going to call us not these we might as well end our reputation. So I guess all the flags in the thinking liberal should take cover because it's the N. few guys And by the way, this is the banana boat lady you insulted and we could go, but guess what I got the last last fight She got the last laugh is on me boy, do I feel bad now or what? Ha ha ha the banana boat lady. I'm so I don't even know what she's talking about do you know I don't live now Good enough number of banana and the yellow sweet heart. We don't care blow it out your ass To radio show to where you are. Just a radio show bitch Five six seven and have a nice day five six five sixty but it's not interesting how they're coming out of their closet now. It's very beautiful The people think that I've been oh no that needle he's a remix of all these terrible things and people are not agree with him Not these infectious and hateful. Yeah, oh, we know that and other people are starting to catch on. So I'm glad that you're coming right out in the open All you bigoted up not just narrow minded assholes the tutorial shrimox and by the way get back out of votes. We've heart Let's take a vote. Always get on them as they should get back on the boat rhymes with Be sure where a coat 26 after one and I hope you can float The real Roger show sports radio five 60s Floridian dumb after You know dancing in France and the dash here and Nixon It's a beautiful song The most famous Although the well-hunged is Out of every way to home And when he got excited It's got that way past his nose All of the other reindeer Wanted water sled wouldn't go Turns out that booties organ Was getting stuck in the snow Then we were talking with the scene with the pants alone to say You'd all look your too so long Won't you drive me home that all of the reindeer hate him? He's the favorite one because Good all the well-hunged reindeer Get to bang this long 131 at five 60s. Yeah, no, something we do have a freelancer and solution thanks again Brad Now we got three lunch. I guess what we're eating it and that guy's not Oh, yeah, you kind of a tip your head a little bit Maybe he'll all up with the banana bull maybe what a match that would be I just can't stand that for that. Gordon can see the nine p.m. Bush'll speak after Gordon sees And says we still a parent square and the Florida Senate recessed they said okay We're safe now. We can get out of here Here is the plantation hello Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Neil, what did you get rid something sometime back in New York, time article Cheer up George winning is not too bad. Absolutely wanted to get my hands on that and didn't know how It was from the New York Times. I think was that another was at Now, geez Bob what tells his name I'm sure they have a website Bob Herbert. I think that's his name. Yeah, and you are times website Searching articles. I think he was Bob Herbert wrote that article. Very good. Thanks Neil and Enjoy the show. Okay. Thanks. Do you know how I can't believe it? There was like a real collar there. Wow. Flook. How's the banana boat lady doing, huh? She's my favorite. I got the last one. No, no, no, no, no. That's called our video. Yeah, I'll dig Oh, yeah, all digo. Yeah, all you fags and niggas and kikes and sticks. Yeah, we got the last one. I knew That's the exalt of the nastrus. Oh, I see that's all the aspects except her. I'm sorry. Now, what if you clean her floor with spam? Here's the word. Hello. Yes sir. I'm keeping with your people looking for a silver lining. I buy that here two for you. No, no, no, no. On the past five weeks, you have not had to just devote your program to early birds and wolfies and all that crap. You've had at least some decent conversations. One of the five calls, I'll say. I'll be one out of ten on the show. Okay. I've got to try and prove that. The second thing of this, Neil, historically it's like really a lot of people are going to get to the ground as whoever wins a presidential election as I'm sure you know already To convert the Congress goes the other way to your leader for sure for sure. It's so damn close. It's pretty sure going to then be democratic. Two more years after that abortion if we run anybody makes any sense. Well, you say if I mean they can always dig up Michael to caucus again. Don't know, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's a more important. I don't know, but I made the ability of the democratic party to come up with a candidate who can. It will be somebody like the kid in North Carolina. Like I've flattered for a couple of days remember when he was considered for device president's class somebody like that is going to get a British and he's a really very good man although I don't know. And that well last point in terms of who screwed this up as far as I'm concerned. Clinton gave go or the ball on the 50 eyeline and they love to get out of the country. No, no, he gave it well and gave him the ball on the two yard line of the. Let's let's be kind. He gave him the ball on the 50 yard line and the god damnity could not take it the last way, which is the. I'm understanding and he gave him the ball on the one inch line of the other team and he couldn't just make it in. That's probably what he told him on the phone this morning. They had quite a conversation bubbles in Ireland. And he was probably talking about the agreed Irish chicks over there. That's why he probably invited Al the come over. You said you'll be doubling your pleasure. Maybe you've got some of those upper condoms waiting for Alan and get there. Yeah, that's probably what they talked about was. Here's the call from Kate Coral. Hello. Good afternoon Neil. You're a chronic call us again next year sir. Five six seven. Oh, but what are you laughing about? You know him. Soon as I see Kate Coral, I know it's going to be him. Good act. Oh, yeah. Lovely lady. All wrong show. No, seriously. I mean, what's the point? And then it's been ended. But the best part about the event about pictures. She still listening and she calls back again. You can insult those people. The chronic will be there forever. You can hope that maggots from mummies that died 80,000 years ago caught up there. And they still are going to be listening. Where is they at where is the maggots already? Where's the waitin? Where's the maggots? Here's the lady in forlaterdale. Hello. Yes, man. I know. Yes, I am. It means that it's mafia and we have the Supreme Court. Now I'm just missing the happy four years ahead. Okay. Okay. Five six seven, oh five sixty, pond five sixty. No, we're back on track. On the, and now we're heading back to it. Getting the intellectual calls now. Well, that's George good to intellectuals. I've heard some of those. Here's my me Lake. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, are you doing? Okay. I agree with you that it was our goers race to lose. And I think he did a good job of that. Hey, neighbor, signing a stubble. Yeah, right. Yeah, and I think he was more like on the, they left them on the 70s and the 70s online or something like that. He just didn't push. I think you two afraid to take a stem on anything. George Bush, God help us all. Are you up with all right? They are good. About the popular vote. They say the popular vote in the, in the day count here in South Florida is the Republican vote because all the Cubans are Republican and blah, blah, blah. I'm sorry. All one day county. Yeah. One day county. Also Alex to me, is the Democrat. Yeah. Not an election time though. Not election time. I'm looking at his own well Martinez is a Democrat. Right. But yet, everyone you see on the street in high L. Yeah, my name is Glenn. All you can do is I don't know either Bush, Chinese there because, you know, I don't get it. It's so much a hypocrisy. You know, they want to be Republicans, but you know, everybody that helps them out is a Democrat. Yeah. But how about the Democrats and the legislature, hot to over on the other side in the house when they voted yesterday on the electors. They can't hear you in the deep silence. It's hard to find a real Democrat in the deep silence. It's hard to find a real Democrat in the deep silence. I don't know what the interest is in having the Bush and there's an underlying factor, I guess. Don't don't don't don't don't. Cause this guy's an idiot. Honestly obviously that lost your look. He's a well, it's not complicated. He's a face man for the family. Don't you understand that the family had the reins of the government taken away eight years ago. They hate Clinton and go almost like Clinton like poison. And now is their chances to take it back. Baker and and Cheney and all all these same people when they're before. Yeah, they see no fault in the city. When Clinton was running out of coffee smoked, but he didn't inhale. They can't figure out that. This guy's a drunk and a. Yeah, but you're forgetting about the blowjobs man. So you're forgetting about the importance of having a great day. Yeah, I guarantee George W. He's going to be getting us no head. 560560 pound five 60 on the AT&T. Or in fact he insisted on driving the limo to his own inauguration. There is 10 Kennedy going to be driving him and Rick Sanchez. Yeah, George W. He's speaking to the light and like I said before, all you people getting all worked up to a frenzy both candidates were terrible. We're trying to keep it all used for the buffer to keep the fascist out. He didn't need it a terrible job as anticipated. Man, you let it split by through his fingers right there at the end and then this is what we're stuck with. Don't be blame in the the creeps that came in their story. You let the opening, you know. So when your defense falls apart, they're right at the end of the game. It's like the dolphin jet game a few weeks ago the first one. You got to a big lead now all of a sudden right there at the end. We're just when you think you got in your pocket. You let it split through your fingers. Don't be blame in anybody else. Blame yourself. And that's what they're never crats have to do. That's what our voice got to do. And that's what some of the people like Jesse Jackson that to do. It's one thing to get your people out there to vote. Now the thing he came out to do it right. So they wrote my count. A-Wod shines for $250 million. George W. Is the president so well? What do you say this is the kind and call of the airs? That's what I'm thinking. Yeah, he better call up the card of Hagen. Like Com card of Hagen, our company friend. I just still put into trouble out of their fields. I hear he moves the horse. 560-50560-5680 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Lady Mobile and Fort Lauderdale, huh? Yes, man. Hi, I called you a little while ago, but I never even got to say what it was going to say. What did it do? It was your on. I was on, but you just hung up. What do you mean by that? You hung up the phone and it wasn't any big mean political commentary. It was just a thought. It was a nice thought. I wanted to share it with you. And you're crawling again. What did you say that I hung up? I just got it. I don't know. Okay. 560-50560-5680 on the AT&T. Do you remember which one she was? No, I don't either. Maybe you can introduce her to the Bonnettable Lady. I can say what's up. No, I know that. I think they've hit it off real big. Here's Poppodo Beach, hello. Yes, sir. I agree with you totally that I've had go to the drop-in-the-ball. I wanted to ask you a question. I was hearing something about even if they were to dozen the recount and grow what of one. That it was somewhere that they had the legislation picked out or something like that. How was that I'm working? I was trying to figure out how that was. I don't totally understand that. Don't worry about it. No, pal. It's too late. 560-50560. I'm not going to go through explaining the whole thing about the electorate and all of that. And this woman had called a second time. If we were so important, whatever you were telling me, how come you couldn't even remember what Ella was, Lady, that you had to call back a second time? It was so damn important that she had to call back a second time to tell me when I was a woman. We realized you don't know. Well, let's try this lady in Miami, hello. Yes, ma'am. My bag is past right now and ready to go. Okay, I'm not afraid of the native. So, you know, what's the good thing? But anyway, a couple of things. First of all, I'm a sick as you are seeing the same. Deeper pictures on Channel 7 and say, how many times do you have to use people's ways? You know what things look like? And the other thing that bugs me is crying the comments. Every time they show a picture of the Supreme Court, he's trying to talk to somebody. But you're getting never said after one question. Right. I mean, it seems like he had an asked a question in two or three years. No. It's like right is really going on, okay? And that you're trying to open out about me? I mean, I just don't understand how to use the people, think that brush actually gets it down about them because if they do, they've got to be like, don't have to use them with the facts. No, you can't stand. I know that, okay, I don't think that's where it is just shown, but I will be with you. Good luck. Bye. 560, see, these are the anti-immigration people, they're Republican people, but don't confuse the scene. I'm not going to keep going with that. Because everyone wants to talk only about the Cubans, as if they're the only group in this state that's politically screwed up or in this country, which they're not, but most of them sure are. 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. This hour should've opened up a lot of eyes, ears, and black ones in this town. I'll tell you that. Listen, this group of, I mean, we've had a few, we've made a little bit of sense, and then we had the banana board, lady. Here's Boca, hello. Yeah, I happen to be Jewish and I happen to live in Palm Beach County. Oh, and even though I know that I voted correctly, I resent the fact that this country thinks that people live in Palm Beach County are just a bunch of stupid wine and Jews and they really piss us off. Awesome, there's some stupid wine and grey in Palm Beach, too. Yeah, I'm not saying they aren't any, just saying that we, you know, it's not a good characterization. And I contact that up by saying that. But you don't live in cemetery village. Actually, my grandfather does. Oh boy. Anyway, I just want to back that up by saying that, right after our election, presidential election, it was a presidential election in Canada. And they did a study independent scientist, not some guy who's child is in the third grade who in school was prompted to vote correctly and went home and showed a look. I can vote on the butterfly ballot, but an actual scientific study, where they set it up, they had two leading candidates from Canada and the squad for George Bush and Alburo. And then they had all the other candidates in Canada and the 30% of the people ended up voting in the past, you can't even do that. So 30% of the people voted for the past, you can't even. And only 20,000 out of 4,000 in 20,000 funding. 4% of the people voted for New York, the nationalists, the people of Palm Beach County, are in Florida and the field. Yeah, yeah, I'm listening. I have a thing. In, so I'm a white and new. I didn't say that. I just said it's all over Palm Beach. I just go like the call of a white and new. Well, who do you took it personally in other words? Yeah, I always take it personally. Well, don't do it. I quit whining. That whiny bit. It's good enough for Brittany. It's good enough for you, sir. 1.52 of fine. We have good enough for you. 1.52 of WQM. We got high-grobers standing by a two o'clock in the evening. That big pants again tonight. Oh, it's a girl who will be speaking at nine. George's WD, the new president will be speaking at ten. The new president and George's WD will be speaking at ten. Oh my god, the new president! Woo! You have to be kidding me, baby. Man. You have to be kidding me. The new Roger show. The new Roger show. This is Dan Rada reporting for the NPS TV News. CBS or news can now confirm that a man, charged with counting ballots, has been caught eating cash. The man has been removed from his counting duties, and will be undergoing psychiatric evaluation. More details tonight, obbys CBS, evening news. For now, this is Dan Rada reporting. He only counts the night in the lack of light. He will not listen to his song until his comes up right. Half of my town, till his man out going, he comes to burn for day. One wing of the town, evening all the ground, he brings me one justice for the only one man in the town. He can neither, the damn of fact, the guy is there in sale. Oh, here he comes, watch his count and tune out all here he comes. He's a shadow, oh, here we come. Man, this guy is once the fuck, oh, here we come. What's that, the 7.560, how many crew, here's another lady in Miami, hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. This is a very sad, difficult day for us Democrats. However, not sad or difficult for me. It's just life goes on, you know. That's my point, like the first time a candidate that I voted for supported lost in election and life goes on. I was on and had it in everybody who was prepared to take me. Let's not forget that unless in two years we have other elections coming up. And the first casual key should be, yeah. And I think we should, um, the Democrats, especially me too, gather all this energy up. How about if they get somebody good to run against them instead of like a dead man like buddy McKay? How about Black Flare? Let's go. Okay. Okay, talk to you, bye. Got my vote. Don't have a bite. Yeah, he was really out of control just so he didn't even like just screaming in his deracle.