Representatives of the BBC Broadcast group, it's been advertising for agencies now. Here's Neil Rogers on 560 Q.A.M. Mommy! Damn it, suck! Mr. Maddie Leschum, grand high-exalted, mystical learner of Wemmy. That was, I regret that the Miragia Charles will no longer be seen on Channel 169, but he advocates smoking pot. It's so terrifying to be with. But that doesn't make it why. We believe we provide quality for our women, for self-hating skin and jewels like us. With lots of grainy we ones and self-spotting programs, we think our cutting edge. Like us in an entry to lift their shoes and play the violin in their underwear. Now that's good, wholesome television at the table. Oh, that's it. You haven't been using this point in me. And keeping with our cutting edge concept, we'll be replacing Neil's knife with one of our favourite free we ones. Done with Neil's reckless club. Thank you for watching Wemmy. TV, what do we need? I want to thank Jerry Jackson and to hear all the other questions. I always was usual with the hero that's intended to give me a stuck-in order overlooking me and leave my name on. Which is good, but I'm delighted not to be associated with anything you do with Wemmy. I think that is a high honor for me. So let me know what you believe me. So let me be a univision by his Wemmy and Terry Jackson and a silly commentary column in the business section that I inhaled by. What went wrong at hip rash Wemmy? And of course, as usual, has no idea what he's writing about. And much has made sure that was ever on here. And I just have to of course, what we used to call Neil at night was that one of our, this is Bill's wreck. And I listen to Neil, how loud. How loud. But, too. This is Bill's wreck. And I listen to Neil, how loud. Say a little of my little fact. Oh, embarrassing your one. Yeah, that's fine. Wow, Bill's wreck. And he caught Tim all through this article too. Nice garden airtaring. Anyway, just mentioned the fact that I was on there. And of course, we really appreciate the tremendous editing job and the great audio. And I thought it was an abortion. There are people who still come up to be a say, boy, sure like that TV show, but not for two years. Thank God. But for all was that an abortion just like everything else they put on here. Right. And it said that even tens, flopped finally, even though they moved to LA and it's still a diet or what you've done. Because they didn't know what they were doing. That was the problem. But at least they were consistent. No matter what they tried to do, they didn't know what they were doing. And I also brought this article in the last one to understand because why would you expect the local, local like Terry Jackson understand that the station, the whole very dollar concept with these local stations was pattern after the prototype, which is called City TV and Toronto. But of course probably never having been there or having any concept to that. Terry Jackson wouldn't know that. And City TV happens to be a very successful ad. A very good television station, which when he never was either one of the ad. And so the unovision is violent and no more heat, no more marlin. More, what we're going to get is more. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. No, speaking in English, that's what we're going to get. On the channel 69. How poor, how to come out yesterday, well I'm glad you asked. You think the Florida Supreme Court of the Lord of the Week out of any votes? 563 votes. We had. No, no, 303, 54%. Yes, yes, 149 only 26 and that percent. I don't care anymore. Just can't handle it. I can't deal with it. 111, about 20%. And I can't play more. And today should be it. This should be the end. We're definitely going to hear from the Florida Supreme Court today. They're going to rule on the gore appeal of judge, your sauce room. And even though it's seen in a saying, well Martin and, and the seminal county cases may. What we'll get it today. Make the almost take about that. It'll be single person that I heard, talk all the talking heads. We're saying last night. This is it. It's over two days. So then Monday, what are we going to do on Monday, George? We'll take a poll. Are you happy that it's over? So we're similar to that. Our poll today, we do have something to do about every six months. The series is anybody actually listening. Neal's demographic survey is what we call it, which are you and we have a broken down. And you know, if you can go to nealrungers.com, probably you can figure out which one you are. Or maybe you can ask somebody. They're a demographic. We're not Hispanic male. Women's got the age 18 to 24. 25 to 54. 55 plus. We're dealing with non-Hispanics. Hispanics, blacks and even Asians. And etc. All there would be like eight billion categories on there. And figure out which one you are. Or not in the case may be. So we're just in a waiting game again. Let's say, what are we going to care about the photoeloges like your special session? Do we all? Because we know what they're up there. We know what that's all about. Little band of Nazis. But you know, of course, there'll be more empowered if these decisions come down against Growl, which is highly likely that would they will. And even those similar, so we're highly impressed with Jerry Richmond and he did a great job in his fantastic. And I'm still here in my eyes to think that a bitch like Rosanna Dan and I, as in the Congress and a book in Kyle like this is kind of going up there and, you know, do nickel and dime wallwork probably 25, 20 30 grand an hour something like that. Poor Jerry Richmond baby, it just breaks my heart very sad. I see that the Michael Mayo made a desperate attempt after I ripped the local media yesterday for not to really tell him like it is about the Panther organization made a very few of the times. Pretty weak is usual Mike. Winner is versus winters. And if they're just writing an article about what's really going on with the organization, since he doesn't really understand the game or who most of the players are or the bad deals that Brian Murray is saying, he's comparing, you know, Pat Riley and what kind of Nazis got. It's part of the heat losing a lot of morning and the panthers winding and making excuses. And it's very weak. In fact, there's even, there's show that it came right from this show. There's even one line in here. It says the Michael Mayo writes. Great. Now they're striving to be boring, not just bad. And can somebody explain to me this fascination with Peter Warwell? Where do you think that came from? Oh, at least he got the names spelled right. Nice going, Michael Mayo. Right about something in no box, which your hockey is not one of them. But you got a lot of company in this town. Let's take a color westchester, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. There was a call on there. I figured we'd better get you on him. I didn't have something important. I figured I'd do it. Has anybody seen George W. Robert Neill? He's, you know, the back of the room with the back of the camera? What about it? Yes, as you know, there's a good around. Did I see him? Oh, you know, that should be the most important thing. I look at the mirror this morning and I saw Neil when I was shaving. Ha ha ha, the straight. Also, how thick training is help? Oh boy, like I said, it's going to be all over today. And you know what I said to that? Thank God because listening to you, Bozo's out there, it's enough to make my hemorrhage pop. Jesus Christ. Was that what it's all about? Is that what we do every day on a show? Talk to people just like that. We think that's a great clever and very cute and very, very something. He's an asshole. Jesus Christ. Man, oh, man, a chef. Get a brain and get a lifestyle. Then talk about the supercellius Josie Lambe and his supercelli Sampoated insider column. OJ Simpson makes six large a week from his NFL pension, but the fallen pigskin idols have incredible issues these days. One time spies, if coconut grows, greens to me, cafe, say, OJ saw OJ there with his daughter and two of Buds and Cowboys, you know what I'm saying? But it's a myth. Now, I'm asked for it in a son's channel. He presented his visa card to pay for the $50 meal. The card was rejected twice. How do you like that? Let me just give it up. And it bear a Simpson and scrambled a scrape and I can't together to pay the tab. Once a regular went a little sandwiched joint so his pet royally Simpson hasn't been back since. Well, he's got an embarrassment factor. I mean, he's not embarrassed about moving those two people. There's embarrassed about his credit card. Because he looks bad, you know, it'd be bad. So that's the good news that OJ's having trouble making ends meet. Back to him and that makes me very, very pleased. Maybe it can borrow from all of his good buddies like... Or somebody like that, or maybe Sam. Or maybe somebody else in this building, at a moment. No names. Yeah, you can borrow 50 bucks in that music. That's what. Some of the assuckers in this building. So everybody's sitting back on 15-digital GC that. No calls, everybody's kind of sitting back waiting. Huh? That's okay. We can handle it. I go to publics till last night to try to get some more that carbs solution to mortals, bottles, that stuff, whatever the hell is there to call it, all gone, long run. I said, a pin your letter this morning, who just refuses this man just will not listen to anything that I say, or anybody says. Because he's so hyper and so drugged up all the time, they never shut up long enough to listen. I said, this stuff is great. You just got... No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. And he just came all the same way. It was great stuff. And it tastes great. And the acnes of food products are garbage like I said yesterday. And the sad part of it is, once again, I've shut myself in the foot. I've done it again. I've talked about some great products that I find, and all of a sudden it's off the shelves, and you can't find it. So I want to screw myself again. One Jeremy will be proud. 9 minutes after 10 at 5, 60, WDQM. No question of the program may be recently, so that'd be a good program. No, no. The mission of WDQM, this is our class group incorporated. If Friday you were a spirit, please. Please. Police, got my tongue. Police, got my tongue. Police, got my tongue. Poison, I had quite a lot. Police got my tongue. And he's got my tongue. But kept all randomly. The sick was great with that. I wanted a quick試 my merry Christmas. I wanted a quick試, my merry Christmas. I wanted a quick試 my merry Christmas, while I'm looking all of the insanlar. I want to wish them a merry Christmas I want to wish them a merry Christmas I want to wish them a merry Christmas From the focus of us my five Police can make us Police can make us Police can make us They can't escape it all I got Police can make us Police can make us Police can make us They can't escape it all I want to wish them a merry Christmas I want to wish them a merry Christmas I want to wish them a merry Christmas From the focus of us my five 14 at five 60 W 2 way and happy Friday 2 This would be great to get the elders Behind us you know it looks like it's going to be The war is not going to come to an end Being one who's always looking for A little tiny silver lining A little green the darkest freaking cloud We just tell you right now That was up 100 something And then asked that except 100 and something And once they finally get these Cortes in today they're going to go skyrocketing to the roof Now flat sounds a little bit selfish Hey those people can be selfish Why can't some of the rest of us If it's inevitable and why do I take the money Thank you and we'll do it We'll take it 560 50 50 50 50 On the AT&T and for the lives of wireless blind Don't forget George is a big affair It's small In fact I think George is career hinges tomorrow No, I don't want to put a lot of pressure on you But seriously I think that George is future in this business Hinges on how many of you sure want tomorrow But he's laughing I don't know what you're laughing That's a very important thing You'll call it a season It's Christmas time people are out there shopping there They're not just sitting on their ass And of course it's a lesson thing I'll be over today Maybe if you mention the great buttons That will have for free Yeah that's right Thanks to a watchers and the button man What is his outfit? New after sign graphics Jeff or who does a fantastic job for us And who is that very nice lady That was in here with the movie He's going to be about her And we're going to have to share it with you And the energetic resume is whoever she was She was very attractive And even I have the rest of her was all Notice that he and we all real But anyway so we'll also have the buttons Those of which you who can't describe it They really meet They have best in your buttons For free Therefore free And so what George is a signature is autograph Anyway tomorrow Eleven and a morning to one of the afternoon There will be a bill sold off Nissan In Miami 36th Just to watch the 27th Avenue I mean bring your own quayabera And you'll also find bill sold off And all the additional services And all the special services To George and the best meals he used And also free food provided by Atlantic City Subs and Hollywood and Sheridan Street It's the staff over there Doesn't need a lot of food From the level to 1110 the food will be there Yeah, the food will be there For about 10 minutes till the girl Oh, the free-loading staff just gloves it all up Also since we're trying to make it to one of the grand For plant paradise this year And having a hell of a bitch of a time getting there I just don't understand this Maybe we just don't have any audiences That pot has to do not do the parents Any more that's it Oh yeah, we're wanting to feel like it's going on Yeah, we used to raise just a crap load of money And those appearances didn't work No, no A long, long time ago when they weren't in the stores Yeah, that's usually where people could get them If you don't have enough of those stupid picture cards now Then forget about it So anyway, Joe Costello today For plant paradise We'll be in our QM van with the best of new stuff For 11th-thousand's going to one of the staff in the By the Assounded Vice on federal highway Between Oakland and commercial And proceed just for a long ago So a good luck once 560505 Sickened those folks by some given the weather again But that's what everybody's going to be doing today We just saw them for time waiting for the big word Waiting for the final shoes to drop And it's really interesting Because I told you this tonight I'm looking at the first people I'm in because there's no emergency Our demographics are over here You got all weekend there's no checking on there But it's interesting all the non Hispanic categories are filling in now first Any Hispanics on here? No No Staki trying to tell you that I got my thumb on it I haven't been doing this for 25 years Without having some concept about how it's going on They're gone baby They're down the road They're waiting for a univision to come on here And start going there So we're here looking They're long gone All your Julio buddies Because they're still pissed off and fired up About little alien They're like what we said Well you know what Too bad Well I like that That was good Here's a call and a mobile with two percent Hello Hey, you all you doing Okay sir Well if everybody talked about that why the truck is picked up out So tell her, Ashley What about it? They're off shooting it off All right That's not that old guy Oh no, it's right This country is backwards Maybe old you can be buying Yeah, I would go on name Okay, okay, thanks for the good news Maybe he uses Visa Isn't that just delicious The fact that he goes into a restaurant in public And his Visa gets turned down Not once but twice And that's just our scraping He was probably shaking people alone But like that spot I was talking about yesterday's TV ad Or they're shaking the people They're shaking the change of the pocket Shake it him down I hate teams that turn To go through he didn't go crazy Because he got rejected He don't like rejection 560560 560 On the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines Here's water hill Hello Well that sounds good Hello Yes sir, bad phone What is it? Okay, what I had no idea what he said Because I was busy I think you're right Maybe it is on Wall Street Well we'll find out Yeah, the phones continue deteriorating here And it's our programming range of doing involved in this And anyway Oh, they just keep wandering around The same aimless, mindless, groupball They're not involved, they don't care And if they don't care what I don't show like here Next, I've got 132 of the valves up 100 That's the way we like it And that's all I get about to listen and now Once all this court news starts coming down See I know a lot of the group people out there They're pissed off at me See I can't leave anybody at this point That's why I'm delighted to the fact This is the last presidential election That I'll be on the air for This is it This is the end Because when the election in 2004 comes I'll be retired I'll be long gone I'll say to postcard I'll send you some of the greed I will be long gone baby Because you just can't please anybody You've got the people on the one hand Who will be just like they're way back before the election That one kid that hysterical kid that was calling every day That punk just psychotic And if it wasn't sufficiently shilling for Gore You can't you start on a bit Remember the day that I said I wasn't going to vote Called in I thought he was going to have a stroke Like there are any who is stroke in it So it's very hard to please everybody But the fact is it looks like it's pretty much over And those people who think that jersey Nicky Clark up there hits the abortion And they're going to get a fair shake from her Oh, guess what Come to find out CNN has reported that judge Clark's younger sister Kristen Worked in the first Bush White House and wrote a book about it That was favorably exposed to the elder George Bush In fact according to a synopsis of her book The first to speak woman of color inside the White House She became wildly fond of the president who we learned Chuck hands with and was bombarded on by her one-year-old son And she was like, oh, I see I've got a lot of attention on her proud dignified parents Frequently intervened with the bosses on her BF And concluded a personal check to the foundation Set up in her mother's memory I'd like that so the apocalypse and Judge Clark sister very very tight Here's Hi Ali, hello Hello Yes sir I just wanted to make a couple of comments on the first time And I just wanted to make a comment that I think a couple days ago She was saying about Republicans mandate being based on hate And totally agree with what? She said in a mandate they didn't have a mandate They said they were Republican philosophies What about hate? Yeah My brothers voted Republican for about let's say the last two presidential elections That I pointed this out to him You're not white, if you're not a Christian And if you don't believe in their ways and they don't want anything to do with you They don't want accepting this country as an American And if you told me after the impeachment trial pissed him off so much If you're never going to vote Republican again ever Yeah And I just want to keep it better late than ever That's good news, there's one right there And I just want to make you know that it's to me It's just I didn't even know how to express it It's very sad days I think or will not come out on top And I just I'm not going to have these hateful people Running the country and deciding things for me is a very sad day for me Well then I can be signing very much because the Congress is employed by the government And they're going to have a lot going to be there And I have a lot of problems especially If that for this is all over these next couple of days Just say a hero or others coming to count the votes and kind of find out That it's a totally illegitimate presidency He's just going to be a lame back Yeah, and I had a They'll be the lame dunk in his vice president will be the lame dick The first line of the summer amateur singer that I wrote It said I became Republican in a white sheet And that's the way the fight is going to start out And it's just feel that it's I don't know how to explain how to express myself But it's something that really it upset me To just me being an American that big people will not accept me Because either I'm an atheist But oh god for all of you don't say god for bad Damn god So bad Wow Don't say it's so loud man I was not a good time to be doing Just because I don't believe in their Fables about you know something that I have a 2000 years of the 2000 years ago that has no no That has no you know like bassism really my wife in any way Yeah, I happen to have Arab people That you know sure to some great more of the story than if you want to take them from that But that they want to put this blueprint My life is a total of funds to my intellectual freedom and to just everybody's intellectual Well, I think you got a nail palette, like part of that expression Have a great day palning This two-shell pass will be okay We shall overcome come on let's sing let's put our hands together We shall how does that go out and know that's a sports or song Um, and I'm see as soon as I mentioned that now we're starting to get some Julios on there On the appool See how much you know other little bits slow because they got some in their hand they can't get to the computer But they love this show They're rubbing themselves silly while the show is on you know that you absolutely know it Especially if you that I can pick up I'd like to see that So Joe Costello series ready to go out and do a thing After you're found advice on federal highway between local and commercial and a good read comes by gives them a dollar again You said he's gonna give it back That's what you told me he's gonna take your dollar in I haven't I used to Yeah, that's right I don't know I won't say I can't get over that so I know that it's true But to be such a cheap prick and to be like flaunting it that's what really just frustrates everybody in this building To know that there's wife's father invented the milk carton, but anyway So all your people don't forget no taste much better out of the glass always did always will Five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and provides in wireless lines Here's Miami hello Yeah, it's bush ones I'm going to muscle grease and turkey and see if bush can electric kids that turkey for Christmas Okay, great. How do you have a great time and a safe flight? Here's Miami hello Yes, okay I can't wait to be found it for everything all this stuff I got a bit behind us behind me behind me behind me behind me And the American people could look again doing what they do best and that's why they're asked for their pair of hands Uh-huh and it's melted finger Okay Ha ha ha ha All right, hey, oh right It's not that if you boy this week and I think this guy had a great idea You said he merking people do that very well Why for ass with your bare fingers and smagger hands and yeah, you know, keep you busy and maybe everybody can try to compare Maybe Monday we can do that because there will be a damn thing to talk about Monday Once this stuff's all over today probably be getting the ruling during the show today, which would be great But Monday it'll be a worse Monday ever probably So we can talk about which flavors came up you know, which who was just nothing more You're right sir everybody getting all worked up and then I get sucked into it You know, I don't know how I law my subject sucked and we're probably because it's experience for business It's not personal it's a convenient for business because it's something to talk about And of course obviously they don't have much to talk about because they're all sitting there with her They're put in their thumbs okay when something's gonna happen when just gonna be over with Wings and market kind of really go start skyrocketing and get our money back all the money that we lost By the way, if anybody out there bought some of my ass jeans from mid church That's a true story but I told that I want to say that he bought the I don't want to say win run here But he bought certain people that stock at $120 a share and it's now a nice even Fine What would you do? What would you do to people who gave you advice to buy stocks and $120 a share and they wound up just a few months later at five bucks a share Shifting in the lake Yeah, and I hope you have good aim I mean, that's just I don't know about you, but I get a little bit frustrated I get a little bit testing. I mean, I have enough problem with zerox But at least I only came in at 25 as opposed to 125 And that's only one that I mentioned there's some other one that I'm gonna list to like this TV Hey, let's not get started with all that stuff, okay People want to hear you belly kind of about your stocks a lot of money you're making these people out there And you ought to insert trying to grind out an existence and I come insurrated that with them completely I'm just gonna do that No, go get it from Greg Reed 27 past ten and five, 60 WC Time sure He heard him squeak You've heard him saying now the Sarah Talks dirty on a crystal clear digital recording that can now be yours So this is the start of the lesson to the dirty talk Oh, I'll picture what he's doing to you He's worth it That's worth it Let his words work there match That's what you're gonna do It's a fair talk dirty It's a fair talk to see I've been up a little now for 69 and 95 Order today, 32 or 56 you've ever to QM and another group that I pissed off during this election the old Jews Because first of all I was calling Librum and Julie, but then which really offended the sensibilities There are people out there who have no sense of human in the first place But that's too bad because that's exactly what he is He was a children wood pot one of the biggest and then number two of course I was picking on those old Jews up there who had the hoods but a vote for a Nazi for president How do you like that in Palm Beach County That'd be a good question Maybe on Monday we'll do that Which county takes more of the blame for this mess Palm Beach or Dade? I don't think that became much of a contest because the county is always just really just blows In fact here's the county that even tried to change their name because there was someone burst That it worked? Oh no, we still know what they're up to Miami date county my big fat old factory ash huh Miami date county changed their name to try to protect the go they didn't work They're gonna get per Kenya You know something he's not he's no real fine something They're wanting to be in the the emperor still be something Because he's sucking up to the right people those two-filtre bastards down there and he'll always have a place to go Maybe a real young's a joint huh? But now the nature in that in the one museum or something somebody said somebody bought it They carry out something like that a shrite was some data I think the greatest of which fellow squirrel little burgers down there at that house When I think we're from me and the free whatever is out everybody yeah Here's a mobile and broken hello Is this me now sound just like you yeah, yeah, yeah I drove a little city and every day I find something more that we haven't common today You mentioned the stocks and I got a portfolio it's 95% down I agree with you 90 90 I'd have my percentage down Yeah, you know you would take Stevie one to pick my portfolio Wow, or mature maybe yeah, you know, but you know, it's all part of life Like you said it's people at this drugstore I'm so at least you know at least I have to five percent left anyway But I went to the way to look at yeah, you know like you I'm just so sick It's all thing you just wanted to go away and want to go out of win and that's like you said now It's just give up and go on. You know something if girl would have been a great candidate if he would have been really dynamic if he would have You know if he offered us some tremendous hope for something good then I'd be really bummed out But the fact is he was he deserved to lose you know he he threw it away. It was his to lose any loss Yeah, it was like we were holding for him. We were holding right a raccoon Exactly and You know the only thing of course they say I agree with so much of you especially We were really looking for another and take up all your radio time of all the things we agreed about There is one thing that maybe might kind of want to lighten up just a little bit of that because it was a guy on a couple of weeks ago I heard when I tried not to know it's on the way up north It brought up in the name statistic about bushes great grandfather It contributed or back to Nazi party or something. Yeah, some crap There's a statistic that I think maybe you got it just lighten up a little bit on past you can and I don't know You know this but the little moment active problem is filled in world work, so He thought of a guard tower Okay Yeah, he's gonna make those people on Palm Beach County field and rest those old Jews are voted for begin All right, I hastened away This is I'm talking about Jerry richman. What a great attorney is you know I was walking him on one of the 85 talking and chose last night. He said because he'd losing Palm Beach County And he said he voted there with that butterfly bound even he almost voted for The just aforementioned you can and that Nazi son of a bitch. I like that Speaking of Nazis. I almost forgot area. I'll be this morning. Guess who's dead? How many guesses do I speak of Nazis? Let's say Not just he helps Not strong a sermon Not My pension my name's advice master. Go all that's your owner climper Is that that AJV? I didn't see that. I'm glad there are come a thanks for reminding us I forgot about those dead people because there's so many of them lately it's going around Oh, you're what else is going around the thin mad cow disease. See I got the worst luck You know I get my apartment in Amsterdam. I got 85 weeks vacation a year and I have a great time over there And now all over Europe. It's not just an England anymore just in now all over Europe They're having a nervous breakdown about mad cow disease and epidemic Huh? What do you think about that and they showed some of the people it it it's it's an incubator You never know whether you ate some of the stuff or not and then all of a sudden when you least expect it It starts doing a thing in each hole in your brain Nice and it each holds your brain which makes like a man maybe it'll change the name because mad cow disease It would like great readies will be better. It eats up the holes big ones in your brain 560 0560 it's gonna be tough today because we're sitting here killing time and I'm not gonna lie about it Okay, we just count time waiting for the final decisions to come down And all these hysterical people out there all the little ladies and tennis shoes rolls ripped up to a friendly Oh, we've got a count mark out just give it a rest already. Okay, I've already given it a rest for several days now Then just one free knee moment yesterday. Never win Jerry Rich moon was doing that thing We're fine. It sounded like there was a little bit of hope left. Is there really any hope now and life will go on And all these blue nose brown shirts they'll either be getting off squeeze themselves and get all drunk this weekend Cost up like a big bull for organ headset But life will go on Here's a mobile and Q on go home Good morning Neil. Yes, sir. I tried to resist calling but I have to I appreciate the breakup from them and not in this sports people Like average American Diane truly part of all this mess. I really don't care which one gets in now at this stage Yeah, it's a little good. They do are the key Mr. Greenspan and because he's the guy that keeps a screen You know, he's very speaking again today. It's someone he's making some other speech So I hope it's as good as the money made you today. Yeah, I mean sure like I say they've all attended on him for the past How many years and well they keep them will be all right? I'm a little disgusted with all Well, I think there's difference in alcohol or in a puppy is eventually the puppy will quit whining Yeah, and he's had some bad experience being with Mr. Clinton all these years And I hope he if he gets to that I hope he's just in their painting as this is 20, you know Don't talk don't sit the best unless he starts drinking big time again You know, he's also I like the panic at a party. Yeah. Yeah, well Clinton was in lightning too Never dreamed you can have that much pleasure with a cigar, you know, right? He was good for the cigar business Everybody's talking about you know, pharmaceuticals are gonna go up at Bush. He's gonna get it all these other big businesses But the fact is the youngest you're gonna be in the crapper because I guarantee a bush can't tell who the camel becomes Well, yeah, there's something to set back to and these bad won't be a popular reader right? Right, I'm the white-out right so anyway, actually I need for that to know how we get all of this pretty All right, and have a great day Yeah Maybe that'll make you come back. I'll maybe he'll just take a powder I mean I'm talking about a BC powder of course because that's big in the sound like RC Cola and BC powder How come things in the south just like all have initials? See you that yeah, I was gonna say because maybe so there's our dumb series another ugly stereotype that you're contributing to by the disgusting comedy Even though of course it happens to be probably very true 21 before 11 at 5.60 QA It's five 60 Yeah The Neil Roger show sports radio five Hey I want to call you something you're all a podcast sentiment. It's like a type like you said what are they? I don't know if it's all kind on the phone. You're gonna go right away I'm a huge you Are you Oh You You You You You You said there's truth in it there was some so close together. You're what up post right next to it and the radio you're obsessed with you Yeah, whether they admitted or no, you keep saying that and then when I came back from my summer and then I was always telling They love George or I was just with George Huh, he said that to get you to rid me Well, but I would be wrong with that What would be wrong with that? I mean, I know Greg Reed hates you, but that's beside the phone And we hear the facts from Bob who says I raise the head of my bed in my grudas virtually disappear She I'm playing a lot of old stuff today. I want to go back to enjoying the show again That's it because I I have to apologize to myself Because I get it sucked in again. Yeah, I'm getting sucked so much like we don't even feel good But it's now get sucked in the emotion and his share of all these people at all with stuff about this like this was something all that important And it's almost like it's step away from Ali. I'm it's not that important Not that important I just because he's gonna have his finger on the button and one finger on a bottle Yeah, and another finger up a decaying victim She doesn't have to got those words in my order But anyway, I mean, it's just not that important why I feel go on just doing and have a little a little a few last Because now you're like the other day I drive her home from my mother's yesterday and nice lunch, Mom Yeah, a few scallops little mushrooms nothing too heavy and that's it I'm doing great with my a wait and with my a car if I could find my damn crap solution stuff But anyway, so I'm in a car I flipped over because I'm waiting to become a commercial bridge and I flipped over to Georgia's favorite talk show hostess And I'm gonna tell you something I still have a little bit of Ajit. I thought was getting my IVS back But I and it's definitely not that from listening to that history real And just and I'm on the edge of my seat and I'm driving like a little faster at that baby And Ellie the judges got the wrong rolling. I wasn't the 80 one law was that I have all of Jesus God How can you stand there? How can you stand there? How can you handle it Because she's done her homework She's talking about she makes it sound Oh, let's you know what she's talking actually So that was my first impression too. No as far as all these long I mean, would you consider her to be a judicial expert? Is that a no nobody talking about she seems to be up on what's called her? Yeah, and other CEOs more about it than like the judge up there in the on-counting or the Florida Supreme Court See I started to get stuff in that too I thought boy, she's on a lot of reading and maybe you've got a law school or better And then as I still kept listening for about three minutes. I'm thinking about yourself You know, this is ridiculous like you know, when you come on a year and you know more than everybody else Then I start having a little bit of a problem You know what I'm saying Although we'll say that Jimmy is a genius 560 5056 the pump 560 on the 18 and T and Ryan has a technical opinion stew one more more than you want What's the waiting for the verdicts boys and girls just don't don't get nervous all you old parts out there I think I'll abandon you we got CNN on here. Here's the proof or She's here said out of Gore. I think like that timing. I still don't know. Thank you But if something happens you'll be the first one to know we'll have a pop at right on there for you And then we go back to have a good time for getting about this crap I mean if you can't if a country can't even hold a fricking election rights what kind of a country is there if a state Can't get anything done right what kind of a state is that make it? Probably Florida Here's island beach, hello I'm a beach Yeah, yeah, you don't buddy All right, all right, hang up there about 15 stories up on a condominium paint my butt off. Yeah, yeah, I'm not sure But I'll say what maybe take the color like Jim's penis. Yes, you are definitely my king Yeah, and I've been listening a long time. I'm on him smutters it You like to talk about one and one and I just like to have a good time listening to you Okay I thought there was something really profound coming in you know, oh, see it's my night and I have a stay again Come on. Let's say something important about this solution about the judge the hanging judge the judge and the Sparrow judge up there you're gonna say it. Oh, damn it Not if I want to keep they want to keep it now. They're real good in for as much as they can get Because like I answer this morning before the show what's gonna happen come tomorrow Once you know, this is all becomes a mood point and they've all ruled this and that and it's all over with there No more peos Anybody be watching CNN and I send me see no CNBC except on the stock tickers run and my good friend Ted David is on no We'll be watching one year on Ted, but other than that you think he's still down here and don't come again Ted because we don't get any more trouble I feel real bad if a good judge who is for like Ted David with two first names got fired because you went on the answer that the market was like What ever you said do it? I said it that's right Wasn't that great? He's refreshing honestly like two two cost the comments that he made. Well, that's what we're sensational In fact, I think the new president of the new CEO GE would probably interested in hearing those Here's a tamarlack hello Pretty good, I think that's like everybody else. I'm getting kind of tired of all this Yeah, I'm not for enough already. It's just the ponders By the I have a 15 months old so I kind of feel an obligation that's just saying for them so when he gets older Because god knows what kind of thing they're gonna have on this yeah Also, uh, we're talking about In independent group recounting the balance Afterwards, yeah, I just hope that they don't keep in a one place because we remember what happened at the likes of And I think we might see an incident like that if you're on a one place Yeah Yeah, what else I had some things for will down here I think I have the answer for why god lets disaster than disease is happening and what is that sure? Being on the photo page you should probably realize that god has loudies Got the import contest you've got to worry about so a little Muffinata is like disease and disaster. Got a thing He don't have time and that's what I've always said he's busy worrying about the football game That's one all these jobs are praying in the point up in the sky. Oh, yeah, thank you Lord. Thank you Lord. Oh, I know that Yeah a couple more quick things if I could I think a good solution for the good family might be to let them become our world family like the can any place? They could rule from can you go for it? Oh, they already have that's what this is all about and then like Tony Werfe The apaparazzi because The father-in-law and a little bit right and Including Tonight is Craig Werfe's last night on the air and no, I'm not a pop-o. I'm only 33 Wait, why is it his wife not on the air? Well, he's on that genetic invasion, you know, right? Yeah, he's been 18. He started with Two hours I believe he won a five hours. Yeah, he went back to two and now he's down the one so I guess they're kind of moving his death closest of the door So I think his last night four quick and I think I was in if you would mind if you could find a Miami pandor or song I like to try always try to sing that for my wife, but the Miami pandor is yeah How is that You got talking about the Miami Harold a few in guys with his white guire bear shirt Okay, we're gonna. Okay. Have a great day. Thank you. Good luck. You're Craig. You'll need it Craig, we're doing one of the good guys in the business that everybody's forgotten about pretty much because he just got slow right after the The side of the door That's cool over. I don't want to mention that Mr. Ego's name won he ever got screwed over big time But that's that's the way the business is just brutal or get to you All you got to do is be a survivor. That's the reason I'm still here's I'm a goddamn survivor and even CBS has misguided me 560 50 50 60 560 on the 18 clean and Verizon wireless line there's all the what's is there? There's a week in the morning. I'm a On the weekend. I'll just see you in a week in Alice's yeah There's one of the if you look up the term me getting out in the dictionary of fine Jeff Greenfield's picture next to it Which is one of the main reasons that few people would have to bring ever turn on CNN Here's port orange. Oh, yeah, hi. How you doing? All right Yeah, we the thing is it's our next cousin in this Mr. Bush and we have this ceremonial but very important Procedures where we haven't had to stay from other countries and they have a ceremonial post We're in alcoholic beverage. Oh, yeah, we'll be serving grape juice. Yeah, we'll be serving the juice But you think I've made even the juice will be serving it. I'll be juicett You have the bet you used to do with managed when he wandered into some massage power and some guy gave him massage Now a few years now the relationship sure. Oh That's the Superman sure and management. Oh, it's great. Okay. You got it back We're playing all bits today and and I know they're kind of like we know away off of this crap But we any of those things that it wasn't crap that it was like life and death. I mean, you just you just have to have a look I don't think it's under shoe and man's under man. It's in shoe. Oh Huh we're fine. It's for I just I just want to make sure I know it's in there because I played once every Your fun it. Oh, it's Jim and down the look to the fair You know Jim the variants things I'm in practice I just thought we'd steal a few fine moments of time together That away. What is that you're wearing? We've faced these in the district where you will just find Now why don't you get over here? Make me feel like a man Not taking advantage come down. I'm tinder You know what I'm gonna wrap it all you want that out now man. Is that holding it? Dickie you know get off of you if you turn round those are you checked out? I've had about enough of this I'm out of here Like I said it's always quite Friday. Let's select it up a little bit. Let's lighten up a few notches Even your fortress out there lighten up a couple of shades and we'll all get along a lot But over the weekend. I guarantee you that five six seven. I'm fired the Murray weekend too That's a good idea. I'm out that Colorado game all be there and we go have a new GM and a brand new coach Oh, I want to say that boot shop is a sucker we like him. He's a good guy This is this is not personal. It's business, but he's a sucker Yeah another one of my in the car experiences which is the only time I was in the radio and both of the civil I started to search for my car Solutions stuff which they didn't have at my public's 3D present and their books to be around there talking about the Panthers and just the Meatie now's and I mean the worst meatie now's in about Terry Murray and almost defending you know, I just defended being defendable Just like he was almost defending Dennis Miller, they were just filling for Hank on through the Look I love the on those ball games You do a wonderful job on the a play by play on the pre game on all stuff He doesn't associate with a modern broadcast Luke Shelby is great. That's his niche that's his thing But doing a talk show is that his Brocer Man If that tongue gets any darker, it's gonna be they're gonna make it illegal in the brow county of here in Dntil eight Won't be able to cross the borard line and so right up to the old the Hershey highway here God almighty what a sucker 1056 and 560 Q a M Is five sixy Q a 4305 6 W M M M M A beast Groups HM W 2-M 16 Squad eh you first ALs J-SAREPines J-SAREPIN Low kit in two towns and redel several that just scaffold it down until ⅔ to wait and also try to catch you. The L. N. M. Howl to change its name and then to the amnith and the raft. The amnith and the raft. It makes way down the wall and the wall and the wall. And it further takes forever down. Where there's no life to see sound. Outside the flood, he's in the sand. Who are up to 8 PMs and you think you're a risk to the end. And as your faders lose their arid and the obstacle will heal. It's calm who needs thatness and that that's already to do all. I read this one idea to get the flat key squared. And then I wipe my ass on my white barrel rushers. So the amnith and the amnith and the raft. And then the amnith and the raft. And then the amnith and the raft. And then the raft. There are wells that can be. I think yes. But it's too gentle for me. I'll hold that one out. Or I'll hold that one out. I don't want it five sixty w w q m anything happened yet with the uh oh no. What that stuff special legislation again that noon today you're going to be playing Doysland Uboralus up in Palahansia as your legislator in action. It's ready for their 4,000 bush electors. They're going to appoint just in case any of them like you'd ill on December 12. But then there ain't nothing's happened. No one else went from these two preemes yet or from the hanging judge judge. That was the twin brother. Wasn't it that timeless? That guy answered it. He was a bizarre. I understand he's frustrated. He's all worked up in New York. He's trying to convince himself of Gorsville when he's things. And is there anybody else saying that? No. They're saying, well we give our best shot. And we're doing the best we can. Here's a call in Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. Going once. Going here's a mobile and April. Tell him. Neil, God. Yes sir. Did you get that thing I'm news about the federal execution that they put off? No. First federal execution in 37 years. Drug the Lord, murdering. I'm not sure what he was doing. Some type of minority. I think it's panic of some sort. But the minority is really saying that he's the next few because he's a minority. First one, third seven years. Not coming Neil. Do you think this guy's going to become a big Gorsche border? Because it's going to fall in the hands of the next president. You got a six months stay. You got to know he's not one portion there. Yeah. But they are, I don't know. They just put it on now that they're put him off for six months. Because well, yeah. Maybe he can do some good drugs in that time and whatever. Okay. Thanks for the good news. See how many I do what he was talking about. I mean, I get the general just a bit. I know what he's talking about. I know what he was trying. There's no authority with saying he was saying that if Bush gets in, they'll fly those guys there. So give him the needle and about a half a second. That's what he was trying to say. Because Bush likes, you know, he likes it. He likes speed. This is but he also likes killing people. And he's killing me. I'll take it right now. I'm killing most of us. There's Ms. Pimey, Mark Potter. Cali, Kate. That is she here just for me. Oh, briefing on circuit court cases expected soon. Now that is me. We're going to get a ruling. But a briefing is expected any moment now. What is that? That was a wrong button. Well, I'm getting nervous and excited too. I'm coming to part of the goddamn scene. You see that? What I meant to go was, I like how, first of all, we had more room on here and have the stand stupid thing from the keyboard and the way of that. Oh, seriously, what you've done it here. What? Well, there you just don't have enough room for all this stuff. But of course, once you get that new little high-tech phone in here, that we're supposed to have got. Yeah. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And you can now imagine you're talking to a day in Paris a Marlost line. Oh, there's people, baby. I'm watching it right now on my screen. There's people like Melon Amount. Here's a guy shaking his microphone and checking his moody and an often tap. And Parker and Potter have gone, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, I thought we'd like that. All the more he just got fired, oh I made that up. Wish we'll take it on my part. How can he steal be there? I have an I-24 a long time that they both have naked pictures of both two in the Blyigots. Yeah. just weren't his boat-high a little bit too tight these days and can't think of it out. Yeah, they're getting ready. They got the microphone, they're putting in place. We're going to be briefing on the Arurlings from Judge Lewis and Judge Clark, who sits there trying to find out what was uh, big into Bush. Here's a mobile and Western. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. How you doing? I'm doing great. Man I'll tell you what I have been in avid, listener of you probably 20 years of life. Thank God. Thanks alert for people like you over with their stick to it, of Miss Roy sticking with it. Oh man. And it's always different. I mean literally, you know, you got always something fresh, always something. That's what I'm always saying. She said I was really fresh. And you have cracked me up more times where I had an almost a little tinkle come out of me. Yeah. Yeah. That I'm a daughter of home from school today. She's sick. Really? I'm so sorry to do that. Oh wait a minute, hang on a second. Hang on. Sir, that's all. He's going to give you an advisory update on where we stand right now. Okay. We're hanging on a second. Hang on. That a chance to confer with both judges and at 12 hours a day. We're releasing both the 10 year old. Oh, down here in the retirement. Oh, the judges have learned to prepare a short statement for each of those. What is really this kind of thing? All right. That's a real thing. It's a rule and at every cast will read that which shows the ball's the subprince of each of those rule. So at all 30 right here, they can have a right here. Did you hear that? Yes sir. 12 30. It's an hour and 24 minutes of my can you stand a pressure? I really can't. Oh, wow. I don't know whether the two, you know, the old seal wants to be ready to be an Anna. Exactly. Okay, what can we do for you guys? My daughter would love anything that you got with the factory boards or Britney Spears. She would absolutely have a make a feel better. Okay. She would love you man. Did she listen to my now? She's here right now. God bless the mother. All right. Thanks. Bye. Thinking out, but coming an hour and 20. Three minutes. kw And Our virgin says we die and stay in peace. We live in the high days. Our biggest sins and swear over your old girl. You feel what I fear if I need you. Yes, but I think it's older than all of these are out. We're hiding our lives and see. What do you always do to God and bring all I see? Let me change our lives when we live and stand. But I want the political power to the truth and god will blow the shit on your Mind Oh, yeah, he's been sending him today. Oh, yeah, he's been sending me today. I think he's been sending me today. Okay, I was in the car that half an hour ago listening to. First of all, Nick Carter has more tones than it's like so than you will ever have. And he's not a pineapple that has used to be exact, Baguette. The cake. Okay, let's not have a carried away. It's a 9.5 year level. We got a big, two announcement, say, the ballot rollings to be released from both the Asseminal County case and the Martin case. 1230. Oh, the pressure. I can crack it down. Uh, uh, crack it on the pressure. He's almost smelling. I see the next exit up on 16. And the dials up 57. That's kind of like in limbo. That's based on this morning's economic news. But of course, if these rulings go for brunch, then you're going to see those markets that are going to go skyrocketing up there, so it's kind of like a win-win proposition for some people. And for some people, it's out on the ice, so try to figure out. Unless you have the S.G. 9 minutes after 11 at 5, 60s W.Q. and now for the thought to have to have a big piece of everyone else, but until now, no one has ever written holiday songs about that other day holiday this time of year. You can come out. How bad I'm till now. Introducing, kind of, the Carol's on CD. Ah, they're caught and they're all these white, that's my smash, they say, stop. Think, you know, you can carry on CDs. Think like a fatal as it gives you hours and hours of holiday music to get you into the other spirit of the season. On the night of time, on my mom, on the day, okay, okay, I'll chop whoever, so it's lots of concrete, but take a lot of time. And it's all the way to the old tradition song. The holidays, here's the whole new tradition you get tired of almost before you know. You're a bad boy, I get a chance of on sale. You know how we take to pay the pay. Ah, let's go, let's go. How do you tell some CDs? It's the holiday collection. You just can't say this. It's all the 15 to 5 or 16, 17QA, and we got real pressure now, and all in a quarter, the clock is ticking and man. It's worn down my leg, I'm so excited about this. I just about the prosper beginning and over with. Finally, we can have some closure. Oh, let's get some closure, baby. Both absentee ballot ruins to be released. That's 1230 when the little hand hits the big hand, and this isn't going to be one of those deals we're going to have to wait around for ever and they. Because they've already got them. Because they're in writing. So they've already got this stuff, and they've released them first to the parties involved. And they also, okay, call us when the party started. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, don't forget your cost. It's your cost. I was waiting for you. Do they know? Who they? I think they're going. Oh, Miguel's going to do all I should have mentioned that. He gave a big crowd out there from a gal. And for Joe, but I mean, you know, Miguel and just shop lyrs. Just give your hands off them, okay. Anyway, Miguel and Joe, because they're all going to queue and bang with the best of the stuff right now until one o'clock at the sounded vice on federal highway between Oakland and commercial in Fort Larderdale. And if you're not there buying up those t-shirts and the best. Now, they have any of those buttons to give out. Hang on. What? Do you have any of those fantastic buttons? Yes. That's your favorite heat out. It is just him. It's your skill. He's all alone. Even there's nobody to help out either. Oh, well, how sad. But he got to have those buttons. But he does have those neat nifty buttons, which those are for free. But the other stuff course is not for free. This isn't because that's in the t-shirts. But we show what like your money for plant parenthood. There's nobody there. Nobody. Wow. Pretty depressing. Better get your answer going. Maybe your joke I was going to get fired up and pissed off. Don't forget also George some odd. But you'll have more people in that. Well, like I said, well, you'll have people there to eat the free food or just be the health. How long are you whipping the help over there for climate long? Aren't you going to have to put up with them for two hours tomorrow? You don't care. They don't speak to you. That's not me. Oh, I see. Speaking of you. Like I said, look for George tomorrow. I'm going to be a Guaya bearer pile from 11 to 1 at the Abil Cytles, Nissan and Miami on 36th, just west of 27th Avenue. We also find both sides of the distribution in Suzuki. George will have the best meal for you these consistent t-shirts and fluid free food. Get there right at 11 o'clock when they get there a little before. Provided by our good friends at Atlantic City Subs and Hollywood insurance street. Here's homestead, hello. Homestead. Yes, sir. We'll see here. I just wanted to do a point out an article out of the New York Times day for Pays in New York Times. It's definitely good fellows that are not get along too well with the pellet courts and Supreme courts. According to New York Times, 100 and the other hundred 98 cases of the pellet court we use and he was reverse 61 times. Wow. He's been recommended by the Supreme Court of the State of Florida. One minute says that five of the seven members are still on the court that's classified within the last time. So I don't think the fat lady is warming up and the right upper half. Okay. If you see a minute, you have to have a fat lady that brought some big fat black woman down there who's singing away up there and tell her she says, okay, it's all over the fat lady's singing. You see that? She looks like an entomlement. Okay, thanks for the good news. So there's still a little bit of hope on the way. Oh yeah. Let's see, Burstine, Files, Motion, or Fortress Supreme Court. The ability of something that they would have the ability to do at this point in the proceedings after a report of the last four or last two days. Sometimes lawyers will seek to file a clear application if they feel as though a question is that I needed, okay, I'll tell you what, this is that I don't believe in the psychics but. This will tell you, if that one comes up right now, it puts the lotion to basket on my, I would best of me, I'll keychain here. Then that should tell you that something really is going to happen in the 1230. And of course, depending on your perspective, that could, you that's like one of those, two steps back to the inside. Uh-oh, let's sort of remind that. Uh-oh, something terrible is going to happen in 1230, or depending on what side you are on. So I think we're pretty safe on that. So it was just on a new way to gamble, drop it with that. On a long-awaiting maturation phone number. Here's for Walton, hello. Hey, man. Yes, sir. I've found a resident from down there now, I'm up in the toilet of North West Florida. Uh-huh. I think I've got a few extra perfect chance, maybe I could throw Burst's away, but he might as well on him. Okay. But the, they're going to want to say that warden year, but um, latest and greatest CD from the website. Right. And you don't have any of your newer stuff that you could download, but there's nothing there for sale. You know, you're like 96, 97, 98. And oh, no, no way. I love me, oh, 96, and really what, you know, we'd like, and all your key changes all that. Right. So you need to get them hopping down there and see if they get that straight now. Okay. And before you let me go, put me back and hold someone to listen. No chance. 560, 5056, if you pump 560 on the AT&T. Oh, I should have put them on there because the fortmars people don't call to it. Oh, no. We got a toll free number for the market of the Tuba thing again, because, squirrel, you know, we're very delighted that we got 10 or 20 people over there who, you know, got an IQ larger than their big firm, but they're not forget about it. Well, on there because it doesn't cost them anything, and that's it. That's only means one that's stupid, these least station. So what's the data here? She's going, Papa Susan Candy, I mean, I'm saying it. Luckily, as early as today, on Dr. Atkiew. It says, well, not as early as today. We're going to hear it today, the S.P.M. Correl. Don't give me a lot of they keep doing that. They try to cover the rags because they get into somebody's false alarms in the past, and I've been trying to cover the rags. We'll get it. And the ruling, too. Here's a mobile and avid chair. Hello. Hello. Yes, sure. Hey, Neil. I haven't fully been looking for your show for about four days now. It's pretty funny. But I don't think I've ever heard anybody read of J.K. I'm not supposed to be objective. Well, I have opinions. That's why I'm on the ear. If you're objective, then you're boring. I'd say. In other words, I don't agree with you. Politics are different from not objective. Oh, no, no. Not at all. She just, you've appeared in things that anybody who happens to be a Republican in a church, can't represent objective decisions. When did I say that? Oh, well, when you're talking about getting a fair shape, you can't tell if they wouldn't, because the one lady lived without a push. No, no, no. You don't even understand. You're so paranoid about it. The fact is, they weren't the initial feeling about that, because the Republicans, as you recall, wanted her to refuse yourself, because she had been looked over for a promotion by a jab bush. You know that. Oh, yeah. And so the Republicans were the ones that were nervous. And then, because they were still nervous after she refused to be accused of being accused of being accused of, they wanted a jury trial to try to take it out of her hand, and also still along along, because she refused that. But for all those people to think that she is, the only reason I read that was to try to point out that she's not going to be one sided for certainly for the group people, and maybe not for either side, but whatever. That's why we've never read that. Oh, if you're right, I'm not objective. I don't want to be objective that would be very boring. I see. All right. Well, it's a good show. Thanks. And have a great day. I don't know anybody less objective than I am, except maybe they're big, but they're not bad as not to be there. It's not an eight billion stations all over the market, you know, skewing a crap. In fact, wouldn't it be surprising to me if he brought the body of, what's his name? Christ, Tracy Foster about today, or was it Jodie Foster? Of interest for us, or one of those authors? Come out, but foster. How you doing, but we don't forget to be your driving, you know, if they got a sponsor day, I sure hope so. Let me know if they don't have a spot. How do you like that? Well, I'll just give my people a good, because they're great. I find you, Papa, we have a big, good, drivers competition. Water case junior, look, we'll let Dave pull on. Oh, my leave it out. I'm leaving somebody out. And, uh, while in the original, I'm leaving somebody out. I'm not here. I want Daniel Dubay, of course, forever, Galibu, I'm here. I want Daniel Dubay, of course, forever, Galibu, I'm here. Again, sir, we won't give a wall of boost range of deal, and my good, personal friend, Wall of Hennessy. Two, a great night, and a great night, and a great night, and a great night. Or maybe just tonight and go to hockey, and tomorrow and look, I'm doing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump 5, 60. Let's say, boys were saying, oh, no, you're on a, you for sure you have the right to tell us, because this is his last best hope, but we were a little surprise while Mr. Richard also said it, and perhaps on reflection this morning, the, uh, the bushing thought about it and said, you know, you come to think of a minimum, you don't have the power to be involved in this. And then how effective is that? Is that a weaker, stronger argument? If you've said it, and if I'm the justice of the FDA, it would have been a person, it would have been direct. Now it kind of stands out, the fact that they came back later and said it. Well, I think that if the, if the justices are concerned about this issue, if this is something that bothers them, I think that, uh, the old district mind's been, just what I thought I was just, they pulled me back in, you know? It's never my give I, I was thinking we're going to get sucked back into this again, an hour and six minutes from now, but we don't know, and of course, that's not the time we're going to hear the relief from the Florida Supreme Court necessarily. Although I have a feeling that maybe by noon or by about 1230, we could have all three of these things all right, I couldn't have been a higher. Wouldn't that take the pressure off, that we can? Here's a moment in baby, hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. How are you, Neil? Okay. And you remember about two years ago, I told you over 595, with a big ass, you'll keep trucking. I'm just deciding your hand too. Absolutely. How are you, guys? I'm doing good. How about you? I'm doing good. Here's, uh, it's still sore from your squeeze. It's so tight. Oh, you want me to, you want to ease it up for you? This next time you should up a little bit, yeah. Okay. I do want to say I got promoted from 555 to 95 now. All right. And I don't want to talk about no politics. I don't want to talk about anything because of this Friday. And I just want to request. Yes, sir. You have that, um, you know, you have that, uh, that, uh, that fit about, uh, to the big black guy called Penn. Yeah. You want to talk about the Jewish guy. You big MF. Eisen. I don't know what's going to do. I already have a couple of times. What is it? You big MF. Okay, man. You got it. Hey, you got this rule. You're up to batting. 247. Oh, my. Yeah. Yeah. Remember that just like it was only yesterday. See, that's what happened. Don't you? Young people left there when you started getting really old. In fact, I was trying to sum it up Christmas stuff that I didn't play. And now I'm taking it myself. God, I seems like only yesterday we were playing Christmas in a panic stuff. Doesn't it, George? Now that we're getting like real old. While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death, the one thing you have to depend on is your car with two can you set on the rise. The people who brought you a big red guy named Ben Carlard. Now, brand new and old Jewish guy named Eisen. Get away from my portable thing. You're taking MF. Remember when we used to post a package car about the you. You ought to get a wonderful vacation. You're going to go to school. Get away from my portable thing. You're taking MF. But how is that? I am confused with. So, better than you like that. Get away from my portable thing. You're taking MF. Get away from my portable thing. You're taking MF. We're never some facts. Try to see a marker. I feel safe there with an old Jewish guy named NIV. Get away from my portable thing. You're taking MF. Get your old Jewish guy named Eisen Carlard now. And receive a free flower antenna. Get away from my portable thing. You take MF. And old Jewish guy named Eisen Carlard. Well, it's all very story. But he's got 20 bucks. Jo Custello. What kind of a deal is that? That's not even gas-melting. You get up to the full water day on the back. Jo Custello is lonely up there in the QMVM when I burst the deal stuff. You'll be there to all want to clock. Sound advice on federal highway between over the commercial. Come on, let's get with it. Well, it's 5.6. UAF's. The deal Roger show. You'll support radio. I'm 60. You. Hey. I'm a vagina. It gets my panties in a line. Father in law. Would you get off my butt? If your daughter's so curved, it's quite she's very such a fun. Father in law. Think you better than me. But I don't even care what you're in. And I'm dangling TV. Always wear black jeans. Where's for me to hear the shortest? You could play the fastback. If you don't drive an in-forg. You're much wearing the movies. You're many phones at the beach. Everyone is just great. It should have been a free. Father in law. Would you like to drive a free car. And they may get a music. But if your daughter has a good job. Father in law. If you feel me I am a little creep. But I ain't doing good. On every day of the week. I'm just a black used. Don't show this a job track. And don't drink at coffee. When I need to be next. You're done as my wife. I'm not destroyer. You just gonna have to get over it. You need to bury your daughter. Father, you're a 25-50, W2AM. There's Van Poo on there. There's a thing in Deutschland. We'll borrow this. That's kind of cute. Here's a speaker that a paper biographer is broken a tab who is exploring Homosexuality in the ranks of Italy's Roman Catholic Church. Oh, you have to say about that. People are starting in the church. The priest was never identified. This closes at a network of homosexual priest's. Active in the Italian Church. It is described as informal self-help group. There's an eclectic home of the church. The underground. That's the old church. That's the old church. That's the old church. You know, he's got a great sense of humor. What a snappy blessed church. What a silly old man. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the 18th. What a dangerous but silly old man. Here's a call from the... We can say, Danny, hello. Hey, are you okay? My guest is in my TV tour. The work is much of the next guy. Okay. Since the two churches have been saw day there, opinion is probably going to be a severe reprimand, but no doubt to be thrown out. Otherwise, it would issue some opinions, and I'm guessing there are political persuasers a little bit different. And the law has to be read the same way. So they can't come up with the spirit decisions. They're going to read the same people law. They make the judgment statement the same, you know, legislation. So that shot here is still the floor of Supreme Court. Which, by the way, I really think it's going to... I think they're going to look at Judge Sall's decision and cast the fish I had because, as that guy who called earlier was right, Judge Sall, I only been reversed the number of times. He was a former chief administrative judge to Lee on county. And his behavior was so affordable. He called on the carpet before the judge is... And essentially forced the resign. But he does have a reason to hear of them. Well, I'm sorry. You're looking at... I don't think it's over yet. I think by the time you show up, my name won, he will still be talked about this. And somehow, in fact, I'll make your little prediction. I bet you that if the judges come down with the decision today, it'll be tied together with an immediate somehow, immediate recount of the ballots. And at somehow, you'll have either a new decision or a fund decision by the time you show up 10 o'clock in the morning. Oh, hey. Okay. I'm going to get out of the way. At the mark point, you have to go out with, what's your payers from your old radio station? The new school. Sure. Oh, no, really. Can't have a great day. I'm not sure. Yeah. Yeah. Probably Richard Sussinger did too. Who are you kidding? Oh, I'll speak to that, Josie Lambe. I'm glad he reminded me of that. Speaking of that, for sure, or for real, Josie Lambe really was a pretty crappy comment. But you know, something that you consider what he's got to work with being this town. There's not much you're starting going on. It says, yes, that was Latin, hard to read. Ricky Martin, sofully, looked like with one blonde. Then her friend, it, soundpeaches, crowbar night club recently. And by all accounts, those were far from good night kisses. Instead of the secluded celebrity in the third level of the club, Martin chose to canoe to where the small fly usually hangs. Hmm, I think Ricky is trying to show that he's not playing for the other side. As persistent rumors haven't, says Josie Lambe, that's what he says. Yeah. You think Ricky is trying to show that he's not playing for the other side? Huh? What do you say? Right. Give me a break. So I just mentioned that, allowing me to just come in about more than five, six, seven, five, six, six, oh, I'm speaking of that. God, it's just what you might call like a fat fest. Al Gore, and we had a call on this, just the end of guy had most of his facts, right? Talk video of 790, KABC in Los Angeles, offer by President Gordon, the job of daytime talk show, hosted, George W. Finally, per Vale in Florida. And when you election, program director Eric Grave in the one school to join the Alos Rantel show, the new program would be called the Allen Al show. But that big great boy doing a show with a self-hating fact when that people are going to be great. A long cabin Republican. The station is offering Gore, who carried L.A. County with 52% of the vote, a four-year contract with the base salary equal to the US President to under grand. You think he's going to take it? No, no. Al Gore and Alos Rantel. Wow, that show could use a personality transplant already. Here's a mobile in Orlando, hello. Hello, there. Mr. Fisher. Hey, this set of today's Disney drop 1500 odds and rots show on more, but taking the next back home and I've been telling her that's put really easy rendition of that's going to affect me much. Uh huh. I wonder if you could give her a little holiday treat. One of my old time favorites play the way. My shoes, thank you. Okay. Thank you. And have a great day. How come I don't see that? Wow. Hey, how are you doing honey? I can feel a ton of treasure in the amount of food. This is my favorite bill. Women address. I know a few girls in Subbeirburg, pretty hot. But they say the tell you that girl. You're not. They used to wear makeup and rip away pants. But when they would admit they were under much higher. You were. You're a treasure in the back. You were. You're a treasure in the back. So, Paul Jones, you got a new nose. That moment present me much. Well, you got a new guy. Well, I'm playing here all of a sudden. But now I'm keeping it one never matter all the night. That's all the best, man. And I'm on the way along, Shirley. I'm like you and I'm a little different. She had a great record of and she kept all this all. And after she said, she was very alone. She got herself a lot, Paul and her, tell me, talk. But she still has a lot of lives up. Time to talk. Well, yeah, that's a good show. So, Linda Tripp got some surgery. That nom impressed me. Well, you got the right, man. If you got the tattoo, that'll be right. Well, yeah, I'll take it all. But now I'm keeping it one never matter all the night. That's not another question, man. I'm like, you were here with one of those. I'm a big, big, big, chunky girl with a purple barrage. That name, damn, dress, nearly the same line. Well, I'm a big, with-lating, I'm a card now. I could've come, will Chamberlain, I'm a score. That's not another question, man. But I'm a big, big, chunky, chunky girl with a purple barrage. So, Monica, you lost 40 pounds. That nom impressed me. Well, you got the right, man. Well, you got the tattoo, man. Well, I can't get it all right. But now I'm keeping one never matter all the night. That's not a question, man. And I'm a big, ugly, ugly, ugly. I'm saying the best for life. Well, I'm trying to cut the right on her car. No offense, but I think I'd rather sleep with Kevin's car. When she gives birth, that's like her own spring should hatch. Big, oh, legs. And then ask for my... This ain't shit, man. Come on, come on. So, Hillary, you're going to be a senator for the earth. Not no one impressed me. Well, you got the right, man. Have you got the tattoo? Well, I got it all right, man. I'm a girl, man. With no one to get one. But now I'm a man. I know the best name. Like you, that is my standard woman address. I love you! This is 560, you A.S. I quit and my adhesion. I'm a back-to-like kid ball. I'm here because I'm just bitch-o. It's not good but that's not all. I'll be ready to step through the past. I'll make it go long. I'll be ready to step through the past. You can do your things out. For what's the first bitch-brow-up? Who is that? 599, you a little bit so bad. 599, that's my life. 599, you a little bit so bad. I'm a back-to-like kid ball. I'm a back-to-like kid ball. I'm a back-to-like kid ball. Ok, here! Ok, alright! Hey. Hey不要! I'm a friend, I'm a life that's what I'm gonna do. I'm a life that's what I'm gonna do. I'm a life that's what I'm gonna do. I'm a life that's what I'm gonna do. I'm a life that's what I'm gonna do. I'm a life that's what I'm gonna do. I'm a life that's what I'm gonna do. I'm a life that's what I'm gonna do. I'm a life that's what I'm gonna do. 14 K.L.R. and what do we gotta say about Ricky Martin? That dance, that guy. I chipped Stan. 14 K.L.R. in the 560 W2M. 12 K.L. is got 140 bucks out of the QM van. Pretty weak, pretty freaking weak. And of course, a whole billion people coming by embarrassing me. But not expected wanting to feed buttons. Is it free? Those people are intranning for the sweet and low crowd. Sure, but I showed you a couple. Somebody's gotta feel the sweet and low. So we gotta have people in train, do what I know how to do it. Yes, YIT, the entrance is in train. But anyway, so that's the way. And Jordan will have three buttons for it. And my always, his big appearance. I bet you'll be a lot of people show up there tomorrow. For those three buttons. Or that's what I'm gonna do it. And also the best meal he needs in percent and pay sure. He's a problem, as if we'd add a lot more of those key chains. We probably have another 20 grand in the Katie for plant-perioded by now. But nobody will listen to me. He keeps saying, because four turns is much to make. Yeah, as the feedies. And. But you see, but why can't we arrange to have like, you know, make so many in the beginning and then like a month later, you see what I'm saying? Because then, in other words, the more you order the cheaper it is, and you over a second patch later, you get a higher price. Yeah, for least we'd have them. In other words, whatever cost 10 bucks a piece of make. How much they cost now? Like for a 50. Yeah. Well, you're not following my logic. In other words, just a bit of ordered another 1500. It's 50 and 100 is 450. Oh, yeah, these are in time for January. You know, early we started you over here. I want to say, I want to start playing rich boss. But I found one I'm saying is we got a 50 and I would be beginning. In that order, another 1500 to be delivered like November 1, November 15. You see what I'm saying? And they could have paid our security because they certainly live in plenty of money to pay for them at that point. You see what I'm saying? I know you were a hand them. And then even if they didn't all go, which I'm sure they would have. But even if they didn't, then they'd be on the website. And they wouldn't have ever had one last year where that's my point. Okay. Oh. No, and I'm wrong. No, we're not wrong. But it's time for me to just didn't have enough money. I've got a license with you. You're in two minutes. These days, we're going to write us a check to put up the front money for. Or Greg, we wasn't going to write your personal check. You put your money. You put your dollar bill in your bill. I don't even want to. Yeah, when we went over budget. Yeah. And that was tough as it was. Yeah. I wasn't about to ask you for more money. Good. Anyway, we're trying to get to 100 grand this year for time parenthood. But at any rate, maybe you can help us out. So, customers in a QA and van all along sitting there just to witness thumbs waiting for a word from the Pope. He's got the best meal merchandise. The CDs and cassette and t-shirts. So be there to want to clock. Sound advice on federal highway between local and the commercial. But all of the food buttons are gone. There were piles of people show up for those. So that's, you know, that's good. We got 21 minutes to go, baby. I'm a big hand. It's the bottom of the thing there. On the clock, 1230. And two of the three big announcements coming to 1230. On the extenderal county and Martin County, valid cases. Here's a moment of much time. Be chill. Yeah, how are you doing? Okay. I got about three things real quick. You know, I like to listen to you and also to watch for all of those. Again, it's kind of an upper every day about what's going on because everybody else is going on. Everybody else is so dull about all the things. But on her also, they had, uh, grocery at some the other night. And he was easily up in arms. He feels like the whole state has a larger thing going on. It's not just a lot of separate issues, but one big conspiracy thing that has been written up in some British newspapers that have done some investigations. And the couple of things that I was thinking about this number one, you know, a lot of these things that are being that the courts are not ruling on like the butterflies that are not so on. You got to figure that a lot of attorneys really consulted on this stuff to make sure that they just saw within the legal limits of what you could get away with. I'm not like, I don't know, I don't agree with you. I don't think they do throw away the legal limits. Well, I don't mean that. I still think we have butterflies that we need to be. I'm still thinking it's illegal, but the fact is that courts are rural. They like to say that they're low to overturn the results of elections or new elections. So even if it was close to being okay, they were not going to over and then the support is being provoked. Seven that I think was the unanimous decision that they weren't going to throw it out. All right. Well, I just, I think that these are cases which are, which just, there's room there to think the other way and I totally disagree with these decisions. But I think that's what's going on. But the other things I want to say are these. You know, we talk a lot about how the Supreme Court will go the wrong way if push comes in. It's not just that. You know, this guy will not be so bad. It's not going to happen now. Whether it will be. No, it's not going to happen. I'm not going to be on the middle of nowhere. It's not going to happen. There aren't going to be any extremist Supreme Court justices who are going to get confirmed. Well, I'm not going to say. Some of the things that he will probably do is put in executive orders that change things like affirmative action. That nobody can do anything about, you know, that kind of stuff I'm concerned about. He's going to get rid of it. He's going to do it. You're telling him he's going to do like jet didn't for you. He's going to get rid of affirmative action. I'll say, I'm all for that. Okay. The last thing I want to say is this, where are the former presidents, including George Bush, about the Florida legislature thing? You know, it's where's Carter? Where's Ford? They should be standing up and saying, you know, this is truly unbound democratic. Now they're going out fishing together. Soon as top of Bush's head heels up the ground fish. Okay, hang on under 30-8 minutes. Hang on tight. Okay. See there are people out there still holding our hope. But I think that Randy was right because I think she knows your stuff. She did a homework. Oh, who would you believe that stupid judge falls who's been overturned 80 million times with the goddess who's been a homework? You can know she's shrill and very annoying. It's quite a bunch of horses. Fives in. Well, I mean, I just, I'm sorry. If I didn't know her, I, you know, I say, okay, well, I'll sound incredible to me. But when you know somebody, maybe she took some classes since she was at IOD in what technical appearances? 560, maybe Jimson coaching her. 560 on the 18 and 10 Verizon lovers line. Boy, the clock is ticking away, ticking away. Before you know, it will be 1230. And I think she's right. I think there's dead souls. Oh, I forgot. I think he's using the 88 miles supposed to be using the 98 locks. And I think that's a moon is in Uranus. I haven't got any idea. I don't know. I know nothing about that. And I'm glad. I'm glad I don't know anything about none of the experts. But obviously she is. And if you keep those cackies on long enough, so it's served to have it in the factory. No, it's done. Okay, we got two lines. We're on the board. We're out of steam here. They were not making any money out there. They got them. Van. I'm going to go on. Okay, here. Maybe that's what they're all doing. Maybe they put their thing on there. Oh, why not? This is the thing. I'm not going to say it. I'm not going to say it. That'll make it worse. Five six because I don't believe the yesterday. We have people out there, even if we do this, they're going to grab a survey. They like to play games with it. And skew it and get over around. And I'm just, I'm not buying it. But you have a good time. Five six, seven, five, six, five, six, five, six, five, six, on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line. Who appreciate it? Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, once again, I'm going to have a reason in Spanish. Yeah. Listen, I was just sitting here watching CNN and they, I've been a huge, you're a huge bush. And one of the reporters, different in the team. I don't know when I left in the Seattle. Well, what do you think about the allegations that black voters, uh, what do you think your team wasn't? I don't know. Oh, so you can't say that. So if you said, what do you think about the black voters that say, uh, that they didn't get a chance to vote? Yeah. And what would you do about that as president? And he says, well, as you know, uh, more African-American turned out as opposed more in the polls than ever before. So he's now he's probably the answer to the question. And he said, well, you know, how did you concern? And he says, well, yes, you know, of course, and uh, and all of a sudden he's already going on to the next question. And he's like, and so and so. And she's like, and she starts talking. And he's just completely cut her off. And he couldn't get away from that question. Oh, we know what he would like to do with the black voters. She's in the red. Yeah. And then he's going down on the way to the polls. So then he says, oh, well, and he interrupted him. I'll try to answer someone else with question before he even. He completely left there on how he, the, the left field. He didn't even answer. Yeah. So then she answered up to them again. And then he says, well, we're working on that in the courts. And then he went on to the next question. Mm-hmm. It was hysterical. And he is such a idiot. When he answers questions, he starts talking, then he stops and then he thinks about what he can do. And then he starts talking again. And then he stops again. And he never really even answers anything in any kind of complex. Well, thank God for that. Let's just hope that keeping the real low profile. You know, back there in the video game, woman to buy hot settle big good. Keep them all the way. So that dick character kind of one thing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got every line of it at one call on the board. Let's take it and we'll look it out of here. Lower than 40. I want to know. How's it going man? All right. I would say yesterday you were talking about a club in 100. And how would you like to be a police trying to shut it down? Yeah. And you're on the right. I mean, explore it. Okay. Look at that. They just dropped his phone off two right here. It means send the, the Gestapo. Capy's phone. Okay. This is it. This is up to you because we got 30. Four months ago I didn't place in my music in here. Some of my tag music between our 12 30. Or we can get some calls. It's up to you because it's in the week and the Monday is paid in. Life will go on one way or the other. So we'll see five six seven. Five six. Palm five six beyond the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live. This is five six. You A.F. For 3 to you five six. W. W.F. I have any court lawyer there. A measly right. W. What are you doing? I'm hot. What are you doing? You drive a U-F. Four. Four. Five. Three. Three. Three. Three. Three. Six. Five. Six. Two. Four. Four. Six. Six. Six. Seven. Six. Five. Five. Six. Six. Six. I'm not gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna have to, I'm just gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, Oh my God, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, let's go, let's go, my, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna go, I'm coming the� to the You come from 4 to 28 min away with me time of Global Weather gradient. you might have seen it on the white edge there's special elements that do keep the Highway Kimway Junior, APA Com Keating. We have time for that, but I just, one article, it's pretty interesting, it says, a preemptive vote in the Ford Legislature to award 25 electoral votes to George W. before all legal challenges of his job could make every future presidential election outcome with a margin of less than 1% fair game for legislative, meddling and partisan state-by-state retaliation. Just keep that in mind. But we don't have time to worry about that, because we're like, and not only 27 and a half minutes away from that big moment, at 1230. I sure wish we knew when the damn Florida Supreme Court was going to be off the spot. They're probably like shit and back say, okay, well, that's way for these damn, well, the judges, and we'll see what they do. And then we'll see if we have any bars or not. Even at the dark, or a complex drawn on here. Here's a lady, Mobile and Cooper City, hello. Yes, I'm calling in regards to some of the remarks that have been made. You know, I don't know. He doesn't show me anything for eight years. And if he couldn't carry his own state, that's only a lot right here. Yeah. And now in the world, the Jackson know that all the judges see that, or just the, yeah. No, that all these blocks, these votes didn't get carried to block where he is. He's blocked. These coins, yeah. Huh? Yeah, how about the half? I'm about to service him. Those votes, they don't get to vote. They're votes on a can. Well, some of them might be black. Well, that's what I'm saying. Oh. This is not, you know, what? What do you mean they don't get to vote? They don't get to vote. Because are your absentee votes from overseas? Yeah, they weren't counted. They're throwing them out. They're throwing them all out. Yeah. Oh, they're throwing them all out. Okay, thanks for the good news. Woo! Oh, things are a teller that flush was on. Get here on the right channel. Get here out of my face. Good, God. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50. And that's 60, 180, 180. These black. Oh, yeah, you could just hear it. You could hear it as that one guy would say the venting in her voice. I haven't played that in a long time. Where do you hear the thing? It's all 60, probably not going to hear someone say that. Oh, yeah. Well, that's right. It's under a voice mail. Let's just do this. It's just a little latissative. And what's guy is that? Or the pissed off guy? Come on, you can do it. Not the list of those we can. I'm for 5 to 6 years. I've watched the morning show. We've all been everything. I have a problem when taking my kids to school and thinking commercial for the guy that curses nasty things. And there's no one. You can close that, you know, fuck you. And you can hear the police. You can hear the fuck. You can hear the venting in his voice. Vent him. Oh, there you go. I don't have a kid. Okay. I'm just mind having a vent into my voice. Come on. Let's get some venting. Okay. Consumio. Biggest fan says, forget this boring stuff that you get to go back to your TV. Of course I did. What do you think of it? Great. If these bastards don't want to call. Play a few tracks. That's a good idea. 5 6 7 0 5 16 odd. I don't understand what's with this audience. I just don't get it. I would like to hear a lot more of the Yahoo Redneck ladies like that once. He was good. Each my case. Yeah, we do explain to him about a sparturist. Both abs did the balance ruling. Really to be released at 12 30 and Miss Pardis on it again. Advanced notice. I'll be meeting with the judges. Well, he could hear you check out the area. Wow. He's got a ball spot to the size of a man's and two sets. Here's a mobile and perchain Lucy. Hello. Hey, how you doing? All right. I said you man. I never realized that that Florida was so rednecky. Right now. Well, you must not get around too much. I'm a drug rep for foreign fuel company. Right. And I never realized that the center of the state was one big red bulls. You know, I'm a bit them over here on me. Treasure Cove. You got it. But we think I want to make you comment on is I have an MBA and I'm fairly well educated. Which I can't say about your last caller. She was great. Oh, yeah. Wow. I'm going to take the next vote to Miss a trippy. I'll keep on the way with a banjo under some, you know. Well, the thing that I have a problem with is with the way the election in the West, I'm not really care which one of them will win. Okay? Because they're going to be pretty hamstrung either way. But the problem I have is if you're going to start picking which votes you're going to count and which one's or not, that anytime you have a close election, then basically that's what. I mean, we should make the voting machine like a machine out in Vegas, where you pull the slot. Sometimes you vote this counted. Guess what? You're a big loser. You know, and I really have a hard time. But people who were afraid to count these ballots because I think they're setting a very bad trust to them because. Well, they should have recounted the whole state. I've been saying that from way back when it was time to do it. And it could have been counted at 10 times of all of this time. But the fact is that they didn't do it and now we'll have a, we'll have a Phantom total. No matter what the number is, it's going to be a Phantom total. Oh, exactly. And you know, people who mock our Supreme Court, the State Supreme Court, hey, these guys have never been confronted with things like this before. You know, the last 30th of the month from 1898 is sometimes that one says he's James with her arm. You know, I just, I guess I think the people really need to sit down and make that. Now we've got the wrong Jesse down here. That was the problem. You need Jesse James. Yeah. Well, all I'm going to say is I really believe. I really believe that people would pay attention that criminal acts were committed in some of the old. We're guessing down. And I really, you know, just like those selling holes, you know, an alligator, anything that's that's seminal is probably criminals. So, you know, what can I say? That's what Bob do Bob always says. But anyway, I good luck. Yeah, I enjoyed it. And you should keep five year old quarterback. Can beat that get or me? There you go. Well, I'm being a, being a gator alumni. I was trying to get Joe Montana to come back to school. You're a, you're a gator alumnus and you're, you and you're shocking to you that there's always red next in Florida. Well, yeah, you're memory must be slipping. You better get some of those Alzheimer drugs ready because you're getting early stages. Well, I came down from New York for originally. So, I mean, I came down in New York. And he was back when 95 was in the tennis. Right. So, fact then they all were still back in the woods. And now they're kind of migrated to the coast. Another runaway day entry. Okay, listen, good luck to us pal. Take that. Go do some counten. He's counten on it. 21 minutes, baby. On the, on the, on the 1230 year we get the two big announcements. I bet you was, you can open a window. You can smell it. Oh, believe me. Oh boy. The pressure was tremendous. And you know what? And about 1231 or two, everybody in this audience are depending on which side they run. How do I have a big fat one? And it's a good cigar too. From mixed cigars. That's what I said. Which had a big fat one or a cigar from this. Are you going to start on a frank again that asshole? Why not? And I'll tell you the problem. That's silly ass, uh, Martian or whatever he'll use. He is, he is, uh, even asshole. Right. I couldn't have said it better myself. He is pathetic. And a thief. He's not just an asshole. He's a freaking thief. The real Roger show. Sports radio. 560. 2, 8, and here I'm the guy. No, from Washington. No, no. No, from Washington. The McCluckland Group. Featuring Elanor clip. Jack Jamon. And sitting in for Pat Buchanan. New York Giant Cheeky Barber. No, here's John McCluckland. Is you one. George W. Rings all vaults. Oh no clips. Well, John, I'm not just that. Oh, Jack Jamon. Well, that's not an easy choice. Wrong. Kiki Barber. I'm going to have to say the wrong. Wrong. Actual answer. Wrong. Exercise. That's what the new one is. George. Yes, they're true. Algo. Favorite Broadway show. Bring in the noise. Bring in the punks. Okay. I want to ask you. I think you're just well-known. Well, John, I must have said. Wrong. Jacky Jack Jamon. Well, that's a very difficult choice. Wrong. Kiki Barber. I'm going to have to say, right. Not a choice. Kiki Barber. You gave it it to less than I wasn't a choice. Wrong. Correctly wrong. Cat. Kiki Barber. Next issue. The cast of Big Brothers should be murdered. How? Out of the law. Wrong. Jack Jamon. Dino Mike. Wrong. Kiki Barber. I don't think they should be T. Wrong. Actual answer. Poison. Fighting. Five. Five. Fifteen at five. Fifteen at five. Fifteen at five. Fifteen at five. Fifteen at five. Fifteen at five. Fifteen at five. Shayla Duratinski. So you're more engaged in the legal information topic, so you don't have to do all property arguments except for brain news or dates for a dollar. Isn't that a taxordum. and three buff eyes loose from the leatherboard. For five seconds the people get the rollercoaster staff over there there are a bunch of haggers. We didn't even know what it means. It means... Yeah. There's nothing new and I was very happy if the investment in your buttons too. Your cost doesn't matter at the meantime right now as we speak another 44 minutes all I'm gonna be talking about the way. What? People are confused. Is it a little bit of a button? That will be true. There's just two of button or a keychain. No, no, not keychain. So when you say buttons a lot of people get out crazy so get it to keychain. We don't have any more keychain. God damn it's great. But they think that these are called buttons. And they're not. Yeah. buttons that you pin on your shirts. Yeah, these are like round buttons with the... And they're great. They're how do I describe them? They're best in your buttons. They have a thing on them. A caricature of me and when I came to up in here it's some huge stuff on it. But at any rate you'll see they're free. Five, six, we are all 13 minutes. Lucky 13. The pressure is mounting. There's Gene in Missouri. You can push it back to help. And that'll be reported on the federal Missouri. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, how are you doing? Alright. Listen. Listen. Quick question. Okay. I can't remember if I've already started these investigations in three, here like the ladies with the black voters. I want to know one of the lower people they call that and verify this. If she's on the way out and there's another training general coming on the way in. No one is just a mock rapsal back from my channel. It's short rapsal much. Can he come in and just say, no, no nothing's wrong. I want to cancel the investigation or just the investigation for the law. Well, a lot of they started. Now he can't come in and just stop. I mean, of course not. Okay. But he said, well, once they get in they can say, well, those information evidence and forget about it. But that's what I mean is if Janet has only had friend that's here's in there. And if he's coming in, what happens if he puts his thumbs in there? It says, oh, no, no, nothing wrong here. So this is going to cancel the investigation. Can they do that? Well, I think they're going to send her back up there to beat the crap out of him. It's probably what she'll do. Okay. And what about it? I'm going to talk about a bullbikes. Oh boy. Okay. There's more good news for us. And maybe even Mr. Jean. Then why don't they have an online executive, he always does that. There's a more agreement between capital, and the house and the senate, than a whole long, the constitution six. And I think he was like 18, 90 something that executive of the state, the governor gets to choose who's going to be president. And you know who that is, right? I'm good buddy, Debbie there. No, I'm not going to take care of her. I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to tell I see whatever the show I'm going to do. I am going to say, I'm going to say, I'm in charge here. So I got my passport ready and I want to say, God help us if I join the senate. I also the thief. Okay. I do the thief. I like that. That's not bad. I think let's play a couple of bars, the hell do the fief? Okay, couple of bars. He's probably hanging out now. A couple of bars, well they're going to show them now. He's getting all excited. They just drove much to the ranch again. He said, is this it? Are we here yet? Well, we at. Because we're only 11 minutes away. Boy, he must be squeezing it right now. George, he poured you. He's taking himself gone. I didn't believe when they told me they could actually make this happen, but they make it happen. Here's Miramar, hello. Yeah, this is original flatman, Neil. Yes, sir. I like the caution you were about to come in. You're coming. You made about the Supreme Court earlier. The previous court, not to become Clayson. Because you could have 50 staunch Democrats who all are. I was constantly against. A ban in abortion. And he could. They would still have to affirm. A nomination because they. They're. The standard they use for whether or not they affirm somebody. Is that what they're not. They're police are congruons. It's somebody else is. Political police. So you can't for example say you're not going to affirm somebody because you don't like it. They don't think it's similar to you. They don't think it's similar to you. They could concoct something. Oh, I will say this. They have what they're not calling yellow dog Democrats. They're not. They're not calling. They're not calling. We used to call them Nazis. But we're not going to get them. That's too. We're going to call the police. They're going to call the Republicans in drag. What do we want to call? And of course, they're a court in them. They're bush people are quoting them very heavily. Because they're looking for their vote. That's. Have you ever heard Ralph later when asked if he wasn't a little bit word if it's pure. If George got in. That he would. That he would appoint justices. And he said, well, our goal was who has been known for landbaths and our Thomas or Celia. Yeah. He affirmed them. But what he regretted to mention was that even even though our goal was was our post choice supporter, you can't just. Not affirm somebody because you don't. If you don't agree with a political. Sure, you can't. You can do it for what you don't have to get a reason. Yeah, you go there. You don't have to give any reason. But they won't. They take the vote. You just go. Now, whatever you want. You have to give a reason. All he was doing is keep making other apartments. Yeah. People have the same beliefs. And then you would consider. Yeah, but he's pretty much. He's pretty much. So a lot of people. So if they hang in there. See the election's over. I understand a lot of years getting all worked up again. The election's over. I mean, the outcome is nowhere. It may be in about eight or nine minutes or close to it. But it's all over. But we're not campaigning again. I can't pay any. No. And I just don't have the, I mean, maybe your girlfriend wants to start doing that over again. Because she obviously taking the course or two. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. And, you know, that young one, I just don't know if he's ever going to come back to reality. I'd be between him and a damn kid, screw me. What are we going to do about radio in this market? Here's for a lot of day. Hello. Hi there. Yes, sir. I have a couple of comments that like to make about the guy that acts the popular or the president's work. Obviously, we didn't realize yet that Bush is running through his son. And that's why all the cool news are in their gym baker. Who needs going home or company? This is nothing about George Zobber. He's nothing but a puppet for the other guys to pull by the same crap. They did eight years ago. Why is the age man? Who I try to bury in a couple more countries? We have two words during Bush. And now we pause on as a few more to get that country to rally. Yeah. And then again. So you better hope he doesn't get a hold of that map of the world because once he starts finding out what those countries are, they'll be dangerous. Another good thing to check with this is the young man, the bad patients from those nothing homes in Miami. And that's voting for Bush. That would be a good place to start. I think about your earlier one. If you want to watch that, I'd say fun. Seven hundred. And next time we go to the news, we probably will have a better view if he goes and gets a couple of or else down there because you have fun. He's looking pretty good for it. So that would be a much better view. Hey, I know what that will be. Next we'll see. We have the drive down. Okay. Thanks for the good news sir. Boy, here's Tom Feaning that fascist pig. He's American politics. We'll be able to put the point to the fourth coming. The bait. Oh, he's just he just makes my skin crawl at Tom Feaning. He's a meany that Tom Feaning. But at any rate, what's the point? You know. Okay. I recall before and said that he shocked the business. And such a mug won't be out of who's stay. Come on. Get rid of the pound. Just because you're handing out all those drugs to all those Jewish doctors. We got a few gray men in this stay too. Okay. So we're only six and a half minutes away from the bottom of the hour. I'm just I'm just cool. I got goosebumps. Well, yeah. Maybe because it's so goddamn cold in here. Or maybe because I can't get that stuff that I want. The car but solution stuff. You getting more work tomorrow. No, of course not. That's for ourselves the problem. You guys. Anything that we want that's really good. You can't do it. If it's crap. Oh, brother. They have an unlimited supply because they're the specialists. That's their middle name. Although I won't say Peter Leonard did give me that. The Bishop's party that silly party when I had my hand in there. And they are my ass in the sling. And I do think and for that. That's the only good thing you ever brought me between the sauces and the Bishop's party. The only good thing you ever brought. Well, if we wait long enough. But, but, but, but, but. So, I'm going to take you to the San Francisco every out of here. And when I'm not flipping balls on the court, I'm getting zoned off my hand. And I get my bet hit off the San Francisco every out of tennis ball can bounce. That's right. It's the Jennifer Capriatti tennis ball can fall. Top school never suspected it. It is did look you can. Just if you don't fall. It's true on the board. Healing with water and your set to destroy brain cells. The Jennifer Capriatti way. Ah, this is so smooth. It's the ball that sings in the tennis ball can. The tennis ball can. That sings in the ball. The feet benefit the Jennifer Capriatti makes a bet. Normal approved. Okay, 12.28 at 5.60. The WQM, no good answer. All lined up there. They got so some got a self-raising a black motorcycle jacket. There's that one of the good stopdog. I'm not kidding. Unless I'm so fucking. These places were in charge now. You've realized what it's saying. Very similar to cases you've been sent to in the Bible. F2C. That was a good old-fashioned. Not been both. You're in an American family. Some of them. The allegation is that the public and workers. They're a total marginal 328 nodes. They're coins in line 237 cases.ated 7 trillion. Guidelines? Okay. Covering theitation with the you push the state of Florida and therefore possibly the president for well does that mean right Gary type of thanks very much and of course coming back but now we're hearing those two cases sentinel Martin County's have been delayed in terms of hearing what the what the rulings are in those two very important cases that's it for this edition talk about the big bill about about your four play and then just pull on the plug decision and it doesn't say that they will be to a clock decisions will be released before 2 p.m. because they want to make sure that their show is over with I think that's what it is but when you stop at examine that because that's what the what their answer is no seriously stop and think about that there must be some kind of a a chiguan wood pile here then look at some of the box the bump from mc can I say that oh no some of the box well for the none of them not must be shown European musical right for 160 and we sat by the minute be said to demand to be fed where we heard you talking about the appearance and that there would be free food and of course you know i didn't say free food with your castel right that people with George tomorrow that's what the one here yeah free food with what did you demand to be fed I want my free food to scratch it back on it oh that is well guess what if I don't know that my dog that's some really nice one shiit materials in the back yard this morning is usual and would have brought him out of order he could have found bagged it start found bagged it yeah asshole demanding free food that's for you pound or if you charge enjoy it with relish so Joe's got another half hour out there it's there found the bus on federal highway between open and commercial where the total is pretty damn weak Joe's got to i mean the jury maybe the fact out comes to you tomorrow because it's not over till the fact that i think this is we bought the attorney didn't have a courtesy to the attorney uh typically if you guys were not all around we would not apply the party before we release to the general public and essentially what the essence of the ruling was obviously in this case we have an enormous number of attorneys does we still would like to give them that same privilege before we release the two correct of the world and we have the two accountate every class for it that's not all for me it's not a just a lovely piece of the well because we thought that we were working on the behavior assumption all of you were that the work going to be a rule and that's what the party thought is so they understand that there will not be one and kill a little later this afternoon charge and the party for the 15 not that we know us here the attorney's all here today they very well be coming on we got to take them down here if they have any questions thank you very much 15 thank you i thought there you are a apologize you also not god i'm a apology how do you like that getting everybody all worked up people had like one on the edge of having some kind of an accident their pants i think you also an apology i will i get it yeah assholes y'all who's i mean why did they say that they were going to do it at 12 30 you probably want to say or what something's up yeah i'm also i may be somebody made one of the judges a better offer you follow on saying maybe you're trying to be fucked the security because what they're going to say is going to be really heavy maybe somebody brought in a or maybe they're counting votes right now we're maybe they're just taking essence he ballots and burning them maybe they're getting their card leaving the senses they can or maybe they're trying to erase that 12 second gap i i haven't got any idea but two 15 now and i wouldn't better a money on it in fact if i were you i'd call up mid-turtian asking for a stock tip before i'd that any money on this and i would probably brought my brains out before i'd ever do that again so suddenly some of the ask you's real cheap in fact we could probably bought it for about eight work and now sound a five last time well so now we don't have to watch that for minute or two let's turn on seeing the bc and see how they're doing because the market's been in motion dials up on with two points that's really good a well is up almost three today that's good got some a well sun microstystem 3944 motorols back up to about what i bought at very much by that warning seeing your people say i bought motorols and tell they both were on well yes well you guys the both of them just fine they'll be great when you buy great companies you know worry about it when you buy dinosaur companies like zerox it winds up four hours and 63 cents which is just kind of across there right now dinosaur 30 and a half bucks for some i-courses no you think that'll even the call up mid-turtian bison or be to me what what is it i was looking at your good friend oh he on there why the one is it's done there he's got over your work he on we said repeatedly we have no clear issue all we said repeatedly we have no put a piggy some chance he to go to a page we we rep you represent an individual who's protesting what happened in general counting we're essentially the Republic and party turned that office into an instrument of the party in altering things that by law they had no right to do what what's what somebody goes ahead and does an absentee dollar you know some of the new people in the county living and breeding people I feel so sorry for you think that i got over there many years ago but i'll say again here is a brilliant articulate well thought i mean human being uh a person a class a a classy guy a brilliant classy guy articulate i may a great spokesman for whatever the cause of my big and you got rosandah rosandah danna because you got to me those god damn one dimensional banana bull asshole people on their indica i feel so sorry for use but anyway they've been delayed a seminal and martin counted a season till two fifteen p.m. but that's got to mean something what i started to say before was that if they already had announced and told those gifts that they get everybody in there and they will be released together at twelve thirty they you would have thought that they knew what the rulings were going to be when you have thought that i wouldn't have that the logical pardon expression i mean it was and probably you know something probably the other you have recasting with a money came in not from the political parties from CNN and ms and bc yeah they're trying to drag the shadows on as they can because they know that as soon as the final decisions come in it's got to be click by by it's the i can't comment on that it's not customary for judges to confer but judges you can confer from the time it's not a that you can't make that out of your fifty-six nine percent of the time of offering civil arts to get this board we have not in the janitly there's just been no time to do that this has been a unique fast track case i don't think anybody's ever put together a try to face the fast because you've had to do it in this case i'll tell you about that pitch you're going to go to jail or even if they don't wind up a trony after the ballot uh purgery if nothing else purgery at the very least for that pitch if you actually be taken care of when she comes down five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on it so the service when she comes out oh and then speak of the people going to jail how about their special prosecutor now and they're still making rumblings about uh you know they want to uh send clinton to jail after it gets done to show you what a bunch of rabbit lunatics those vassures are she all time for board job just like bedtime for bonds or that was not the president jail time for board job here's a lady mobile in Miami hello hello yes man i wanted to comment further about the guy that was talking about how bush speaks yeah and the day after the election i'd pretty sure who's the following day i was watching an interview with them and i counted that he said um three six times in about maybe three fast enough who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's who's yeah i'm glad you enjoy his humor well that's i don't think he's trying to be funny now he's gives a crap out of me yeah make it super be your scurry okay well hang on another hour in that whatever's going to be bye bye i'll in 37 minutes still to 15 are we believe in that no well maybe we'll just say well maybe so what are we going to do because Hank will be on a tour course even the studio hang dry they've once that's your week and goodbye book zombie blue who turned out to be a real suckle or last time when i heard him on the air we're almost called a mappa with suity press we'll be on the six pants and pv with seven and the pants are at the Atlanta trash at 739 at a k after the game what we're going to do with i guess what maybe we'll just hang around here so two 15 huh and then if they want to put it on or something in there i mean i would hate you to wrap you know ball game and screws and stuff but the meal rots are show sports radio five sixties you a fire you bastard 30 double-d-side, worship and so on. Holding holy, shitheads of young guys, flying right. 243-256-WDQA. I'm so, uh, thanks for going to be out of two, but he's going to come in here in the studio and we'll, um, we'll just advance for a few minutes to 15. So you don't have to go running around trying to find it somewhere. We'll have it right here, just relax. Hey, let's see an end-game, no-kip, and then I send the chicken, no-kip, can we milk it? Oh, let's milk it. If Tom Green could milk it. Hold good heroes, stars Warner Climper, that at 80 mentioned that before. Here's a picture. I'm CNN.com under website of Warner Climper with Hogan Heroes Bob Crane. And now they're both dead. What are our shirts? I didn't want to hit it that show. Oh, I like it. Now, will I let it go to the Richard Dawson was on? Yes. And Gary, um, Gary, Subbie, Gary, or see a match. Who's on that? Gary, you don't even know his lines saying. Sure. Well, what was his name? You said a match game, very good, a bird, huh? Very good, huh? And that bet some reason, Charles knows all that right. That's match game. And who else was that? Oh, Hogan Heroes are now confused in all with match. And we'll let it put a sweat. She was on the squat team, wasn't she? Anyway, what did they have all we talking about? I don't know, four, one or four. Four. He was 80. That's not too bad. Five, six, seven, five, six. They can make it until 2015. Oh, what? And of course you do understand what this does now. By the fact that they're delaying it. It's scary. Charles has a goddamn monkey wrench in the whole worse. And probably got a lot of people saying, or if one or something will lie, there's something they might be right. Same might be right. We'll find out, maybe. Here's for a martinale. Hello. Yes, sir. I remember a carried him, especially the mafia guy here in the right. Yeah. Also the mafia guy out of mouth. Yeah. In one quick swoop. I like that commercial for Toro. That's pretty good. The real is back. And we got this throw now, wondering when we're going to know who's the president. Are you sure about it? No, I'm far the safe. Oh, God. I know. Just how much longer can they drag it out? I guess that's the model now. When it's down, drag it out. Just keep dragging it. Right. And totally into a false part. Right. Anyway, that's all I'll talk about. Quinn. You know, if they do set it in the prison, then they're going to be a female prison. Yeah. They're going to send him in there with a watchening with the from a Sandra Gord from, of several counties, whatever, and a Susan. What is your name? I don't know what it is. And they're making a difference behind bars. He wouldn't touch your believe me. Nobody would touch that bitch. 560560, pound five 60 on the 18T and Verizon wireless long. I mean, just unbelievable surgery from what the, at least, well, I'm not going to go in the whole thing. Because I'm the wife for over two or three for that. For a drug use girlfriend. Here's a model in Bokha. Hello. Yeah. Hi, Nia. Yes, sir. Okay. Listen, there's a couple things like to say, or ask. Now, early, you had a lady on the line that, you know, obviously she was a bush support. We were never talking about black, black, that lady. Yeah. Just some about not being able to hold his own state and set a scene. Now, isn't he, he was born in Tennessee, but wasn't he raised most of his wife to watch him say, and if that's the case, he did call watch him say. Oh, cool. The other one. Well, what he did get that day was raised in Washington, say. Um, it's fine. It was, huh? It's fine. It was a senator and he was a senator from the state of Tennessee. He was a congressman in the center of Tennessee. Oh, maybe I, maybe I'm wrong. I'm not a bit more, but what, what, what's the difference is that make if you carry your home state and now Tennessee has become more and more of a Yahoo state, she's coming and ever been anywhere near Tennessee. I worked there for one month, uh, 20 years ago, and I got news for it. I wouldn't step one foot back in that place. So, what, what does that mean? He couldn't carry his home state. Since when does that mean gone for a wedding in election? Right. I mean, it doesn't make any difference at all. It's the bush supporter. She's just thinking, like, you know, he didn't carry that scene. Yeah. I mean, you know, something she's one of those typical people of the bush. The bush supporters should play the people like this. Stop calling talk shows. Right. Right. And then I was saying, I'm like the say, uh, you know, you look at bush and eat carry characters. But I look at the other way as, uh, characters, I think both are the amount that they want and the hell out of their skin. Yeah. Because you're okay. Okay. Okay. I'm getting an object and I think my guru is coming back. I'm gonna hear all this. Just when we thought like I told you, I had a Florida legislature as a whole, doesn't it, real Christ as well? On the bottom left hand side of your screen, the fifth of the Florida Supreme Court, yes, we are awaiting a decision there as well. A Smurian brief being added to the bit to the court. Yeah, but there's nothing going on. So you don't start teasing us again. I'm gonna sue CNN and innocent DC. They're like playing with our goddamn emotions, like an emotional roller coaster. They did it with us. Okay. Just like they did a couple of days ago, they screwed up the whole last half hour of their show, sitting here recklessly waiting for this announcement from the Florida Supreme's didn't ever come. No, did they ever come? No, I doubt it. Not if you look at that not a long time. But don't start dealing with our emotions. When you got something laid on us in the meantime, dummy up, that's my best advice for you people on TV. 560, 50, 50, 50, 65, 65, 65 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. And of course these people out there, like, what tell are they gonna say, huh? They know what tell to say. Here's how and there, hello. Yes sir. Yeah. A couple things. One back on this Terry Murray thing. Do you have any idea of approximately what type of a record he has of the head coach like time? I mean, I know I didn't think the record was so good even before he came here. Obviously, that's not important. That important. Well, I thought about that. I thought about that. So much of our question of one on law strike. The fact is the players hated him until it all came. They demanded that he could have zased fire and he got fired. And it was the same thing here. They players won't play for. They're absolutely won't play for. And I heard we'll go on out of that propaganda last night. He must be drinking some moon shine or something because he doesn't know what he's talking about. So how much playing got can because Marty has never been like his language and he demanded that he get fired. That's why he got can. But it's this guy. This is the guy that's lost control of his team. They won't play for him. All right. They had a much better coach before Terry Murray. Obviously, he was fired for the wrong reasons of maliby. They're kicking Terry Murray for the wrong reason. And last time I checked Douglas Lane's expansion team in Columbus, which is a girls team, has more more wins and points in the Panthers of that. Well, just for everybody in the yellow belt. Right. Right. Also, you're talking about your good last year at the hockey game. I came by and saw you and I gave you something for the IBM. And there is, there I'm sure you know there are medications that you can have for the good. If you came by, saw you like gave you a card about our medical office that we haven't found. That one of the mentors. Right. And there is, I don't know if you're talking any prescription. Yeah, I think that's what I was going to call the artifact trial. So I can. Yeah. And also I've predicated that, but which one is better? Pretty much the pyro effect I think is what's in the wrong choices for the young. Yeah. Yeah. Simply, it wasn't great. I have no beard at all at two or fifteen in my comeback. Probably. Thanks a lot. Okay. Here's the fact this is where big plans with the show this Saturday. It's been a year since I've heard the dead dead. How do you like that? Did not just play that yesterday. Well, of course it'll kill some good time. It's just I was hoping you might think it up and play it. I'll be listening. Thank you sincerely. I'll lower our water and everything. And we'll unplay that again. Yeah. It's good. Yeah. On step on it. Sunday you'll be there. There's some people all of these dead. The medical home we start dying. We die in a little more. We die in a little more. We die in a little more. We die in a little more. We die in a little more. We die in a little more. Everything. Young girls with your poor. There's nothing we can do to stop it. So there's no long-ass bad Christmas tree. It may be even less when I see. There's a radio house in grain and bed. Because someday you'll be dead. All right. There's a dead. Someday you'll be dead. There's a dead. Someday we'll all be dead. Oh. It may have been known a couple months ago. It's been years from now. But no matter where it happened, it will soon soon. Some people Christmas season is never there. That you think are for your family. Because some those are these dead. Dead. Dead. Someday they'll be dead. Dead. Dead. Someday we'll all be dead. Are you sure? Who knows how many Christmas presents you have to make sure? Nobody knows. That's my point. Enjoy the world of the can. And so, I'm not listening. It's more than yet good. I didn't sleep until I was born. The world of the good people. Someday we'll be dead. And there's a dead. Someday we'll be dead. Dead. Dead. A free one you will share. A very merry Christmas to you. Dead. Yeah. Oh. Merry Christmas everybody. Now he works in the serious way. He's going to start bitching about it. Okay, it's 8.24-1-5-16-252-2-2-2. I've never got another. I am getting nauseous from the salt area. What time's the wind coming? Probably in about an hour. Yeah, actually the power that takes some time to go. Because I don't want to screw up on my diet. And of course eating all that fatty stuff, that's not going to be good for my good, my burden, the world. If you look at yours, it's gone by the time they get your food. What do you mean by that? And then you'll miss the food, and you won't have to be tempted by any other. I'm going to be gone in an hour. Maybe it will be late. Yeah, sure. Like we said, we'll have to take a time. Maybe I may go bring in a white hot. 5-6-705-60, 5-6-60, 5-6-60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Out of town lines open to everything interest over there. No, they can't hear the show now anyway. So what are you talking about? Here's a mobile phone. That was there. Hey, yeah. What is all that? Is that the radio-back? Is that okay? Great. 6-705-60, 5-60. He had the radio-stock so far in his back room. That day he couldn't get an oven. Took him like about a half hour. And what he got done, he said. Yeah. 5-6-705-60, 5-60, 5-60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Pretty weak, you're on his phone. I'll tell you that, walk first, because we keep the given amount of big build-up. And there are expected something expecting it, then. There you go. Nothing happens. Or look, and there's MSNBC. Not that he might be melodramatic. Now they got to clock up there. Poor worldings in a 1 minute, 21 hours, 20 minutes and 2 seconds. Not that he might be melodramatic, you understand. What is this? Poor Lauderdale. Hey, the hour. Okay. 9-30, you have to say you didn't believe me. 9-30, you said that? Oh, sorry? Go ahead. Yeah, you did hear me say that. I don't know that at all. Go ahead here, all the. I did, I was just report back from what I guess. A couple days ago when we sit over the nation. And they upgraded us up to the two up to the two sweet, which was amazing. Right. It's called the P.S. It's called the P.S.S. sweet. And it was my dear. It was my dear. And it is the most gorgeous, gorgeous room that I've ever been in. And I've ever seen a dual shower head one for one side of the room, and the other side for the other side of the door. Yeah, yeah. Sounds good to me. Dual head, there we go. I'm. I'm on a business owner in South Florida here, also and for some reason, I want that right. It burn my certificate of, from the Secretary of State, to go to the world of crap, the chiefs and equipment. Yeah. So I've, I'm really, really, really, to do that because my business certificate. And I've, I don't know, I've just a little bit of set of the whole, actually, and then I'm going to go to the, eventually I'm going to go to the voting figure. I think I'm going to change the independence from, from what my party was originally. I'd be pretty embarrassed. Okay, good luck to you, pal. I'll see you in Vegas. On our 19 minutes and 41 seconds. Oh, man, you could almost smell it. Oh, brother. The pressure was building again. This one we let it out. This one we let it out. This one we let it out. This one we let it out of a guy that big blue, and now they're pumping it up again. This one we let it out. This one we let it out. This one we let it out. This kind of like hangs their limp, you know, and that's it. That's it. Get up as little green pills, man. I'll still get a green pills. I should tell you about jury, my doctor's office. Oh, I better not. Prop 50, 6 at 5, 60, QAM. This is 5, 60, QAM. For 30, 5, 60, WGQAM, my enemy portloader down. A measly broadcast group station. WGQAM.com with a war. It's the largest, the power. Oh, I'm the friend of the young goddess of my territory. A picture of the same as my name. On the second day of the day of the day. My territory to me. I'm the third day of the day. My territory to me. I'm the third day of the day. I'm the third day of the day. Oh, what? What do you look at? What's this real thing on her head? Sorry. On the fourth day of the day. My territory to me. Wow, this shows your candy. Can you tell me that they're shirts? They can trade off. They can't trade off. No. They can trade off. They can trade off. They can't trade off. And when I wanted to watch them, I felt a thing away. No, but that's nice. It's nice, boys. On the fifth day of the night. My territory to me. Oh, what? What's in the tower? Maybe Jimmy's Catholic. Oh. Not what they can't be. No, I'm working sure. Not what they can't. Or a picture of my family for me. On the sixth day of the day. My territory to me. Everybody's on a rich land. No. That's not what I'm saying. It's been so long every year. In front of my friend. It's me. On the seventh day of the night. On the seventh day of the night. My parents made me feel. So that's me, see you later. I want a rich land. I want a rich land. I want a rich land. I want a rich land. I want a rich land. I want a rich land. On the eighth day of the night. On the eighth day of the night. My territory to me. Nothing that I want to celebrate the latches. I want a rich land. Where is my rich land? Behold, I have a rich land! And I'll picture of my tails and dream! Five sixty more. 5 stations. Di wie comix them on my de boutars in the slaughterhouse. If cows could talk, she would say go we are on line. They would get their heads chopped off. You are first. I think maybe that's what's going on here today if you actually may. Maybe they're like the messengers, they are like these between the floor of Supreme Court and these judges. And they're like running back and forth, the messengers, you know? How you go first, you went out here, think first. Now you go ahead and do years first. I think there's like a lack of balls of what's going on here. You like to a blue shabby's problem. Here's Miami, hello. Miami? Oh, yes sir. Hey, you doing a big. All right. Hey, great. Just one of you, uh, the first time I'm going to make show, if you heard you think on this other case, was, uh, district judge Morris Paul on that 24.200 ballots that were in the day and day time period not find. No. But that ended up in Gesterday. Well, I wonder what was that? I don't even know there was that guy. I know there's one big company that's supposed to be going on today. Yeah, this one was, uh, U.S. district judge Morris Paul. He said he heard the, he heard the case and he says, uh, I'll let you know when I make my room. Now, these were 24 ballots that had no signatures. And we had, uh, it was a 1,500 75 over the abs and the ballots that came in after November 7th. I see. I can't even see anything about that case. No, and they're not even talking about that. I know. And all of them, all of them are so damn important now because I'll be talking about if you're 500 and some or 900 and some, and they're overturned the deal. Right. This was been from them determining what the consent decree by that justice department was, uh, or Judge Smith and Roe Mory that it wasn't a law. That was a rule. Oh, right, that's right. We talked about that earlier in the week and they never heard name more bothered. I know exactly the one you're talking about, but they're not even saying it's a bondet. Yeah. Well, I went, uh, but I ended yesterday and the judge's president is rolling on that one yet, either. Uh, uh, uh, I know. Like I said, they're passing the messenger's, uh, while you go first, though you go first. I think that's a way then. Okay. Great. Sure. OK. Hang on tight. He was forgotten all about that. Well, remember that? That was the guy who filed the lawsuit saying that they had a discard. All of those absentee overseas ballots that came in after number seven because it wasn't really part of Florida law. And it was unconstitutional. We talked about that several days ago and then we never heard any more about it. Because these people on here are two bans you with their goddamn time clock and our nine minutes and 44 seconds, they're counting down with a melodrama. Just like when yesterday I was carrying a four to, uh, some beam court and MSNBC's got to put that worst thing on every like, uh, how we're 15 minutes or whatever. We thought they, uh, justice, you know, have like a little, uh, a gastric attack attack. Yeah, a little grurred, maybe. God, these people in the media, they need mental health. So I, I'm glad he reminded me that because I forgot all about it. Here's a moment on Hollywood. Hello. Hello, Neil. How are you? OK. Now, I thought I am beginning to hear a going to Vegas to tell me you don't have entertainment convention up there. Kind of boot set up. So our days are pretty stuck, talk to the way, but for just a few nights, what would you just suggest is the best thing to do? The best things to do in Vegas? Yeah. Well, you've got to rent a car and drive out in the mountains and you've got to go or from one casino to another and check out all the, uh, all the shows and the buffets and puns you've got to out of you. You won't need any help for me. No, it was pretty delicious show. This is obviously your first good there. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Love you. Once you get there, you won't need any help to believe me. OK. Trust me, but I have a great time. Thanks. OK. Not a photo shows. I'm too busy losing my mind. But Vegas is a kind of place. I mean, if you go to Vegas, you need somebody to give you instructions on where to eat and where to go, what to do. And you don't even waste your time going in the first place. This car will have a great time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, 5, 60, and 5 can probably still people were winning the money to let the last time that I went on. I was wow, did I lose my ass? But had a great time. I actually didn't have that good of a time. See, sometimes I go and lose my ass and have a great time doing this last time. I just kind of left a bitter taste in my mouth and again, I'm going to be a family too. Our eight minutes and four seconds. The pressure is building again. Just keep pumping it up and popping it up until it explodes, baby. Here's a plantation. Hello. I need to go and buy it. OK. I got two comments and every quest if you could have come. Yes, sir. OK. First of all, I didn't. I have been listening about an hour. I know you don't probably care about hockey talk. And I don't really eat her. But anything that will kill an hour in the seven minutes and 30 seconds. The body of mine comes over. I'm a bachelor. The body of mine comes over. Maybe two, three times a week. And we have dinner and get high and play video games. And every now and then, last for three weeks or a row, last three weeks in a row, I just flip around a TV, so on the hockey game. No, I swear to God, three or four times over, last couple of weeks, every time I turned it on, Peter will well within the penalty box and a fight for a weapon on a shot. And I hear you talk about all the time and just re-installed the fact that he's shocked. But he does. He can't play the game. Well, I'm a little bit anxious for me. And I've seen him have one somebody fed it to him right in the middle of the net. And he just looked like a girl swinging out of the house. This got thing. Yes, I was mentioning to somebody yesterday that neither Mars only made a couple of good passes, because he just has a lot of passershoot. Last couple of weeks. And they were both with the Royalinsler. But both times great passes, he shot the IPY. There you go. That might have definitely probably what I was saying. My second comment, which is a lot more important, is I'm a registered Democrat. And I do not, I mean, and I've been saying this for less two weeks. I do not want to see our board win like this if one of these cases goes in his favor. Yeah. I'd rather the Republican have it. You'd rather let him steal it. Yeah. Exactly. I'd let them have it. Let them go down as taken as the way they did. Let the public record people who are ever going to later on count them, because they won't get counted. And find out that Bush wasn't the real winner. Let them take it this way. I don't want Gore to win in this kind of fact. And what happens when you have an election with two disastrous candidates? Sure. And you have an election process that is so badly flawed that the Royal American system is questioned and the requestable because of it. Absolutely. I agree. And the two candidates, if this is the best we can do, we had a lot of problems. Right. Oh my request before I hang up. Yes sir. You haven't played in a long time and I love it. I'll wear a couple times to the John Rocker thing when he's talking to the doctor. You got it. That's it. Yeah. See. See. Nine minutes after one at five, six, you've got to have an hour five minutes and twenty eight seconds. Oh brother. Of course, it's easy to figure out because just when I'm missing, they see and they're counting it down. The seconds are ticking away. What's your might if they've related again? If Friday you first see. No Mr. Rocker. If I don't know that, quibble. Is he me? First up sir, we will do the Rochak test. What does he love when you roll your tongue like that? I'll get boyfriend, sir. Is he me? Hi, I got it. Rochak test is a in-blood as they say English. And I will show you these in-blood. And you'll tell me the first thing that pops into your mind. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Come on then. Okay. What do you think this is? I'm a... Oh, and this? It's less about... Okay, and this one? Insected Haitian. All right. How about this? The body downtime right in the ballooning pony. Interesting. What? Let's move around shall we? Let's try some word association. I say word and in term of the first thing that pops into your head. No, Mr. Aquan, sorry yet. Here we go. Dog. Hey, Miss. Jack, Mike or Wave. The color blue. Where? You don't John. Why am I trying waiting among the four you respond, jerk? Mr. Raka, I only wish to be a friend. Oh, why you got me on this couch, Doc? You won't? What? You fight, boy? John, I'm a man. I'm sure, yeah. What's your watch named Chuck? No, actually it's glass. Yeah, you're glad it's today. And how about the chair of the family? How about it here? Why are you running? That's not running, John. John, are you a wild thing? Do you make my heart sing? 115-15-5-16WC, you know, 1115 means don't you? No, it's right one hour to go. Under one hour. And actually, you're so desperate. The limits and basically show something that keeps people gluten. They're just keep showing shots of the reporting there. With the 80-60 microphones in front of it, and the seal of the state of Florida behind it, for the announcement could have been made. We hope alleged desperate. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hollywood, going once. Haven't you heard, hello? Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes, I like you, voted for Gore, not because I wanted Gore, but because I didn't want Bush. Yeah. And the thought of four years of seeing that smirk on W.'s face is just more than I can take. I'm going to disagree a little bit with the last caller there. He said that he didn't want Gore to win under any circumstances. I want Bush to bring court. I know it's a long chat, but I want them to count those under votes and date in order to have a fair election. Well, you say a fair election. How do you count under votes in one county and not count them all the other ones? I mean, every county had under votes. Well, then they should have done it in all. Well, I think it is all but they're not going in. But I think it's an outer. Now, where I would agree with that other caller is, if the Supreme Court goes against Gore, I don't want them to win through a seminar or a marketing because the way I see it there is, if these absentee ballot voters, if they were in an unshened against their own redam ballot out. Yeah. But if they voted in good faith, didn't know anything about all this stuff that was going on. They made their vote in good faith. That would just bother me if that's the way go or one, because that would seem to be totally unfair. Yeah, there's a distinction there, because obviously, you know, if you're going to punish the people who broke the law and especially that good bitch put her in jail for all of its purgory and all the things that you're doing. All the book at that time, but in terms of taking away the people's right to vote, there's a real problem. Yeah, that's what bother me is much as I don't want to see Bush when I don't want court to win that way either. Yeah. A few degrees? Yeah, I think so. Oh, okay. By the way, I was over at public this morning and haven't heard. They've got the carabellotions every way you want it. Really? Absolves, bottles, and the buyers. Well, I guess I'm going to be aware of how long we can now. This has to make my public tour. The only thing I didn't like is the type of calories in the 12 grand the fat. That you just drink that and you don't treat any meal, or some days I just drink that. But I'm using the powder most of the time. The bottle stuff you're by the time fat, all the really nothing wrong with fat if you're on asking. But the powder that you make the shakes with, the milkshake is very, well, it's got two and a half grams of fat. So it's kind of like a variety. It's like joining the variety. The body isn't made. The powder, I tell you the liquid and the capsules. Yeah, the powder. The powder powder is much more than fat if you were to about fat. But they didn't have the powder. Here, there you go. They had the buyers and the liquid. Well, I'll make you swap. I'll swap you some powder for some love. I'll see you later. Have a great life. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, the pound five, six, the only 18, two and four lives on my left line. It's our sales department got to come to you on that. Oh, no way. They just, I don't want to get started again. Here's Pompano, hello. They can open the champagne, baby. Yeah. We should go in. Where's nobody's champagne, huh? Oh, you got to do it. We can follow them too. I'll advance to the shuttle, right now. Well, you can afford it. Yeah, he's popping it. Pop it is cork. You know, they've been moving to Thomas. He's going in. I'm just like, if facts is everyday, or it's going to be the worst amount of your life. All the things you've been dreading. And we're sitting here still waiting. That doesn't seem going anywhere yet. There were comments on November 8. You're going to wake up on November 8. Today, after the election, and Bush is going to be present. You're going to be all pissed off. I woke up November 8 was Bush present. Oh, no. No, we're still sitting here waiting on it. So before we start popping it again, just sit back and put it back in your pants. Okay, sweetheart. 55 minutes and 50 seconds in counting. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. We have to get a final hurdle from Joe or not. He just went and we see this to God. He just discussed the roles people are demanding free crap. Here's a mobile and open, hello. Yes, I need a, it's a van store there on full water down. No, long gone. Oh, long gone. What are you going to be next? I'm coming to get some key change. No more key change. No more key change. But you're going to get out of here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. And brush and water was fine. Oh God. Okay, where we going here's a mobile and Miami, hello. Hey, you know, I already... Okay. Uh, well, I know a car of a year or about all this stuff. Which it would come to an ambusers. One great thing that has come to light. Yeah. I think it's that our horses and horses are actually working. If you think about it, because it was so, everything was so one-sided. We wouldn't have any of this debating going on. I have a better idea than our court system working. How about our election system working? Yeah. How about conducting elections like civilized countries they know how to do it right? I know I agree with the electronics thing. I think paper ballots is ridiculous because you can always screw with them and mess with them and it's just, it's so, uh, me and the fall that's even think about it. Yeah. I do have one request that will fill some time. And if you play that, uh, what's the bottom of the claim there? Did you get it? Well, if I can trigger all of that, let's call. What is your 100 years gone by? 100 years gone by? I'm fine. I'm 20 with the total. What's pretty long? You've killed about six minutes probably. Okay. Thanks a lot, buddy. I must be under 800 as an A-A-A-Zellot. I can't find it. I found it. A long long time ago, it was 1900 and Chessi Helms was just the lad of nine. And no one knew what was in store. Chessens is the Spanish American War. Yeah. Although they poured his like it was 1890-9. The war then said made you shiver. But there were times we did deliver. A promise that was kept. With that famous one small step, I can't remember each event, or everything that man did in them. Essentially we will present this. It's how it went. My mind, how the time it's decided. It started some deported manities we described. For the century it turned that we figured by it. All happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. It all started when two guys were right. When they poured in their plainest sunlight and the sort of radiant yoke. Sigma-Foid had his love to say. And one to theory and Max Flank and the Titanic. That story we all know. Well world war one, it soon began with shooting arch two places for the man. Millions died from the blue. And Flask, it could be what's when new. And then Basha had each revolution. And a mark in next week for the seawash and the nuffles. These people see again the world's greatest combined. And we were singing in my mind. I have a time it decides it's started some deported manities we describe. For the century it turned that we figured by it. All happened in the blink of an eye. A hundred years have gone by. All that is, that was liberty. They didn't have to choose the new model seat. And then Bert Landon did never leave. And some old deep red dead sand, a silver wall street. And the great deep fashion and women would vote like you and me. And Germany's chance for what's born in. And then World War Two would soon begin. Major Republic land. The projects in a sand, a blue shithrile in Tennessee. We fought a first-foot SCATC piece. And the day does it live for me. A hundred years gone by. And what they were singing in my mind. I have a time it decides it's started some deported manities we describe. For the century it turned that we figured by it. All happened in the blink of an eye. That's a hundred years have gone by. Frank Landwins, and they were silly women. Starting with the seething nations. For that, what in a falling call? In Russia no one is across. And Germany, they find the love. Disgubbers, the horrors of the power call. Fat and little boy and only gay. Chances of whole world on that very day. We know have just begun. And China will find the face out. The first player in baseball that was black. Is the Elgoss their homeland back? Oh, Massachusetts elected Jack's go home. Three years gone by. And we were singing in my mind. I have decided to find this. It's started some deported manities we could apply. The second player is the son every figure. I don't have them in the blink of an eye. Are you sure our hundred years has gone by? Separate for deep will make such a fuss. Well, the two types went on the bus, Only oh, cured with a black piece Then the shots get up big time, which butt's nicked Our troops into Korea quit, to cover the double, heal it Oh, jap, jay, let's touch way too soon But promise you, get us all to the moon You're the first to stay, get the pill, we did it, raise And the French said, the crime to do tonight Cubism is so gay, but quite upright Now these stages are on due flight, a hundred years gone by The film we got was the film, we were singing in my, my, I believe you say goodbye Since it started, somebody bought it, maybe she's we'd decryed Would it send you reeds, I'm if we take a fight, all happened in the blink of an eye A hundred years have gone by New science set with the big news And the first way gay women like to choose Nixon resigns about water games Got the troops out of Vietnam, had hostage taken by iron And a virus made us too scared to go day Tested to baby's health, a war, some guy named Bill started murder Soars, Chernobyl explosion, the furlin' world gets broken See you at the stars, sad goodbye Some students in China, baby try, seven died in the Florida sky And a hundred years gone by Who they were singing, my, my, have it time to be dry Since it started, somebody bought it, many tears we decryed For the century it's done that we said goodbye It all happened in the blink of an eye A hundred years have gone by We were singing, my, my, have it time to be dry Since it started, somebody bought it, many tears we decryed For the century it's done that we said goodbye Because a hundred years have gone by All right, it seems like it's in the third planet, at least a hundred years Thank you very much for requesting that cold some excellent time you ride 1.29 at 5.60 QAM The New Roger Show, sports radio, 5.60 You a, hey, hi, this is sad, since then And you're listening to the New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 QAM The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60, QAM The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60, QAM The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show, 1.70 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.60 The New Roger Show, 5.70 The New Roger Show on媽gamenter's show, 1.30 The New Roger Show on sports radio, 5.70 I shouldn't say that that girl becoming a big woman again. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, and it is just so many of them flying around. If we're not over to play sky, everybody will look here as another one. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. There you are. Okay. Yeah, I had a couple questions for you. At first was, did you see little peek in the back of the section A of the harem? Was the fine, the billboard that's up on 95? No. Oh, it says our damage, action, our lower cylinder cylinder cylinder country. You won't hit the hit. Superly fun. Okay. Whatever you say, you have any idea when you were saying, no, see that every time somebody comes on or with something that we might be interested all the way down it, but the phone crap stuff. It's an active god, I think. Yeah, okay. Whatever you say here, and of course the hills already in the schmick game, some like I dig it out again. It's a work to dig it out again. No, I don't think so. Don't forget your huge big appearance tomorrow. Please follow the kit there or that you know, that's fact I was going to show up and probably want to be there like quarter to one. And also, you said that he said on the area yesterday, free food. I showed up at the first thing and God damn joke, I said I wouldn't feed me. And I'm showing up here and you don't feed me, you little rust pick. But what if I'm the pile of onions from the middle of the platters or just bringing our pile of stuff now? Free food from Atlantic City Suggs on Hollywood and Sheridan Street. Come on, at Pillsettles, Nissan in mind, I'm 36 this west of 27th Avenue. You don't have the best in the OCDs, because it's teachers, those freed best of the old buttons, not the keychain, the buttons, okay? The keychain's number one, they're not free, number two, they're gone. Got it. 11 to one tomorrow, make it up. Big appearance for George S'mar. Oh, because he's in terrible livelihood is ending out of a moment I hear. Here's a lady in Fort Latterdale, hello. Hello, I'm Helen. Yes, ma'am. I wanted to say that I'm really happy that Algor did not succeed on the Western day, because maybe a lot of these things are coming out now. We would not have come out so soon and maybe all these cases and different things to sell. Well, that's what the Bush people were hoping that he would just went out and the cave in and the they could put enough pressure on and come up with all those big PR campaigns and spin their way in, but didn't work out that way. Right, because now we can see the political suddenly that these bushes are willing to engage in to get into the White House. And I really feel that with the case in in seminal that, you know, with both solidly, the application for the ballots, they had gone through the regular route. They would have been rejected and that would have been that. Just like how it, they say that it's too bad for the people in Palm Beach that they voted wrong. They passed the wrong hole or whatever. Then it would have been the same thing. So, no, no, it's not really, I mean, let's not do the same thing because the application would have been rejected. They would have been not. Yeah, you're right. So that means that they would have been rejected. But the fact is that once they got the ballots, they didn't make an error. There was nothing wrong with their ballots. The ballots were not the same thing. But people in Palm Beach were confused by the butterfly ballot. Obviously, you need to mental help anyway. And they just distributed that. There's a difference. I understand. The fine line, but there is a difference. And like I said before, all of these things come back to the fact that it's a totally flawed way of having an election. And that's what's got to be changed, but not to make people are talking about that. But should be the number one thing and everybody's agenda. Absolutely. But you have a wonderful day. You two, thanks. Yeah, this is no way to want a railroad. I'll tell you that. So Joe said it was the worst time he had tried to get a few bucks together over there today at the Saturday by she said it was brutal. How much we get? 540. 540. I've thought it was too bad. Why do CDs? In fact, it's pretty good because people can go to specs in all of the town and get their CDs. Joe said, what are you talking about? It was pretty damn good if he asked me until that picture, Dr. One, of the food. Is that a true story that fat guy shows up? And of course, it's just like going into a buffet. But today I went into Animal Coast. I think it was a week ago Sunday. And we went for a great meal with the Animal Coast. They had great stuff. And Richard was there, my good friend. And we had a great chat for these from Toronto and a big leaf plant. But as you're sitting there eating, anytime he goes to the buffet, there's an Animal Comfait. But I'm not fat like Jaggi and a huge fat. Like the people who eaten buffet. Like the people who can't sit in the mumsies on an airplane. The fat guy said, what now? First he said, where's the girls? And then he said, well, where's the girl? The food. So he wanted to eat and get laid and then he tried to cause the van door on it. But you know something that the joke on him because Hudson just walked in here from my arms. How do you like that for a great time? And that's going. Which shows we got food. How do you like that? And everybody's going to get laid here before the end of the day. Well, maybe not. But in any way, hey, listen, nothing's perfect. We should get in some food. So there you go. So eat your heart out. You fat, so you should know or you free loader. You. Shubby. 242 at five, 60 WQM. You're fat. And nobody can say anything. That's not to me, Stuart. Now, he's losing on this new album, Stuart, saying, sting. Rocks, damn. You don't have to. You don't have to. You don't have to. You don't have to. You don't have to. You just don't. You just don't. You just don't. What do I do to show? Yes, you'll get great. It's like King of Soup. You're choosing a bowl of soup. Seeds in the material world. And don't stare in so close to the Australian. That's to a thing. So good. You want to listen to it with a fork. What year old? Oh, school. Yeah. 145 at five, 60 WQM. We got 29 minutes and 45 seconds. And nothing. Are we counting? Oh, I just mentioned that in passing because it's on MSNBC. And they're going back up. You throw out all 15,000, too. Yeah, we know. They just don't keep speculating. Okay, when you know something, then we'll put it on here. Hank will be in a tool and who'll come in here and we'll sit around whatever. And stall until 2.15. Because at least Hank's got enough commentants to realize that there are other things going on in the world besides stupid ball games and stuff like that. Although we will have the points for it to begin. Oh, and I just want to say this is out of the blue. Not that he needs my defending. But the fact is that I've heard a couple of people taking shots at Gildi, the fact that he's a show for the Panthers because he works for the organization. And that is true. That is true. And that's not to show the other certain points. But I just want to point out that when you're working for a thin skin organization like that, and if you look at them cross-eyed, if you don't say if you say anything that might even be construed as critical, they got you in there on a carpet and they're just too and asked, believe me. I just mentioned that in passing because after hearing blue glass nights, who does their work for the Panthers organization does their work for Wayne High Pingers since John and Leon's the Marlins now. And blue was just, I mean, the suction was just unbelievable. And he was turning into a total suck hole. His comments were unacceptable. Good guy, but way off the wall, hasn't got a clue. So I just mentioned that for you with the sports notes out there, they want to call in buscool, a Jaldi's ball, which is fine with me. He's got big ones. But that's okay. Others judge Terry Lewis. It's the same Terry Lewis, when the three twin brothers are the mathematical process. And if they know, no doubt when any of these come down, you can guarantee that there'll be a microphone somewhere with either a lawyer or an assistant party or a reporter weighing in on that. And again, if that could be lawyer and states probably got a microphone up in the rectum right now. Here's what Myers, so well. That was for my view. Okay, I just want to amplify a little bit of a case you missed it. That was excellent. Here's Margade, hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. I got a feeling that it seems to be decisions come down again, school up. He's going to breathe a big sigh every week. Yeah. In fact, if I was in a construction speech that you were pushed with me, they might just knock yourself out. Yeah, right. You know, the Republican Party are going to get what they want today. But in the end, they're giving, they're not going to die. They're going to die in the end, you right. Yeah, they're giving themselves in the end because they expose themselves to everybody to what they really are. And I got a feeling that this victory is the beginning of the end, because they're Republican Party. And the good news for us is that at least we know that the girl won't be the candidate in 2004 and that Democrats are probably be sharp enough to pick a candidate who can win. So yeah, I think leaving them was very smart holding onto his team. They're sadder. Yeah. And the girl was very dumb and picking him to run with them, yeah. I'll tag you. This is one person and three. I don't want to see girl win. I don't want to Democrats in the White House when they're playing every day. But just only, let me ask you this question though, don't you find it a little bit bizarre though that they were going to both. Both judges were going to issue their rulings, their written rulings, and to be ready to opportunity. And then they both just happen to say, oh wait a minute, postpone the coup of 15. There must be something that's changed. Well, no, I just, I think it was too much that mentioned it because I think it's a better time to them to get out of town. Oh, that's true. Yeah. They probably checked the trains because all day thanks. Yeah. Are you eating, Neil? Oh, wow, boy. White House. And onions. Not good for your grur. But my greatest bother me. And just all can't said, once you start taking the good stuff, you know, whatever you want. Plus this is all after and so okay. I'm going to flash time I checked. Plus, in addition, which I can't find the clubs to listen to the drinks that I want and ourselves to probably absolutely not come on through, Todd Drek and that famous Peter Leonard keeps keeping bringing these garbage. Is that diet Neil? Yeah, I'm not going to tell him. Are you getting calls like that? Yeah. I'm not going to tell him anymore because I'm not going to go to all the publishers and buy it all out. I'm getting sick and tired of running around. I like my public, I love my public so that's sunrise. I think you're a frog. But obviously, so to a lot of my listeners too, and I went there and cleaned them all up. Here's what a lot of Dale. Hello. And yeah, what to say, if you like some words today, you must be shaking your dirty fruit. I think you know, bushes get away and I get. Yeah, I'm be shaking in my day. Yeah. June. I was, like, I would say 95% of the bush people who hurt from June and I. I'm sure they're embarrassed. Why do you make those little guttables sound? Are you really that stupid? No, no, okay. Maybe we can pick you up and put that brother club before the one I was calling on the back. That black. We've never come up with her. A match made in purgatory. Tony, I'm very shaking in my bush. I'm really worried. I'm worried about my checks will still clear. But about, of course, there can be, but they'll still let you up anymore. Like I'm Monday. Big fat one and it checked to. 10 before 2562 AM. This is 560. You a. The real Roger show. You'll support radio 560. You a. And a good chance you to pack her in his hand. And now on the campaign trail with George W. Bush. Today, America's candidate addresses the unionized workers at self-carolines turbine and telephotoorate right today in Nevada. Staff, Carolina, Nevada. I want to be your president because I can relate to the ignorant blue collar workers. Don't say that. The ignorant worker all over the world. Hey, but shworty and all about work. I've never had work today in my entire life. And smooth, silky, palm-o'l of your soaking in it. Let's go to the next question. Yo, mate! Yes, sir. Yeah, well, you're going to go and now water. Good question in Portuguese, sub-stimate tip. Maryland, Maryland legislation. No, absolutely not. Co-cane. Yes. Eastern P. Airwin. Bravo, boy. Co-cane. And fedemines with a-da-da. With a-da-da. Not. Now you. What are you going to do for the black man? Thanks for asking. First thing I'd like to do. See me, one up close. Not too close. No touching. Perhaps maybe get a watch, one. Can I get a watch? I don't know. I don't know. But thank you very much. We got a call. I don't know. I'm saying so. With George W. Bush. So 156 is at 5.60 every few. I'm 19 minutes and 6 seconds. Wow. You can feel the pressure. Billions going to explode like a damn of volcano. Wait a second now. And the thing too. As we wait till 2.15, we're going to get both decisions from both courts. Both judges on the seminal and Martin County absentee balance. And then we still have to wait for the force to be in court. And we still got to wait for that other case. We got to talk about what Chad forgot all about. I'll about say overseas absentee balance. And do they be legal or not? So just when you think it's so boring, thank you to be over now. They're going to do the updates towards who a clock and then Hank's going to come in or how we're going to do this. Because I don't want to come mold and sitting in there waiting for how to freeze. Are they going to do it? Who don't know? Well, we'll find out. Somebody will tell us. And whatever they want to do, we'll find with it. Here's a mobile on Okotjo. Hello. Hey, no. Yes, sir. We have a few things that everybody agrees about. The connection has been screwed up from the temporary moments. I don't know. We've got to be from November 8th. It was screwed up from before anybody went and voted. Well, I mean, I think there's a precedent for it. Well, because wasn't there a case where Congress wanted to do the next term. And he refused. They wanted to do an extra term. I don't know what you guys there early in his fourth term. So I'll keep them next to the term. Well, OK. He did more than two seconds. Yeah. But that was before they passed before they prohibited presence from serving more than two turns. He was the only one that was elected more than twice. Couldn't Congress pop on that now to just keep filming in there for six months. And just redo this whole thing. Well, they could do anything they want for you. You've got to be publishing Congress. They're not going to want to keep bubbling in there. In fact, if it gets all that time, they said that the speaker of the house then is happy. Thank you.