For instance, the Neal Roger show to talk to Neal. 5-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-7-8-7-7-8-5-Neal is a toll-free car. The opinion expressed by Neal Roger is his guest to her followers. It's not reflected those of the beastly broadcast for its staff and organizers for reasons to know. The Neal Roger show on 5-60-9-8-7. After 12 days of town thing, this is what we do have. For thousand pistol rolls are 11 butterfly ballads,1000ushed coders, 9-Kowrding each boat, So Capron Harris is made up, seven ending loss, six freaking recounts, 25, and a total goal. Four simple chas, three this huge account these two guys want to win, but only one can be worth it. This stadium fulfilled. Park, dazzy, Park. He can't hand your nose as far as he can't see the touch he can't tell. The stars want to identify that off of us. Why don't you please? It knows just why it's watching me. Skyland Park, gently Park. I got caught in a cake heart. I lost a warmest step alone. She was very rusted, Robo's come. I walked wide out of the play. Didn't I say hi to my day? Skyland Park, gently Park. You're waiting in this bright and odd scene. I've got one girl but don't push back. I've got to get to go to your death as fast as I can. If you're in church with you, do you? You're happy to stay with you, do you? I'm going to be a good girl. Well, here we are again. Boys and girls, pick it up where we left off. I'm getting mad about you. I'm getting nauseous from this. I can't stand anymore. I can't deal with it. Get it over with already. Good. Got Almighty. Left here at 2.15. Said he would hang till about 2.15 to 20 in Friday. Look like it was all over with. Then all of a sudden Saturday morning. All on guess what? There are going to be recounting the motes. Yeah, four o'clock on Friday afternoon. Just an hour and a half after we thought it was all over with. Oh yeah, let's just have a count again. They're all screwing around and they're sitting around and holding the stuff up in the air. They're looking with chads and they're looking at holes in all of a sudden bullcraft. And then Saturday, like what the hell? I'm almost at around noon time, 1245 something like that. Well, the US Supreme Court says they're not too happy with this because it's getting a little bit too tight. And now let's cut the crap. Cut counting the votes and cut the crap. And so we have more oral arguments and more anal arguments. I don't have an across this morning and from the US Supreme Court. The US Supreme Court, to us as an air course. There's a big thing in it. Are we going to be carrying that? No, they're going to have the recordings we're going to get in 1230. I'm going to pass this time. I'm not no way. If you want to hear it go someplace else. That's my best advice to you. No chance. If you want to hear more anal arguments, good luck. I don't. So I'm not going to waste no one a half of this very, very important show, especially on a Monday. Put an ad crap on here. Even though it would be a good way to get out. Wouldn't it? Yeah. Probably could leave here in 1230. Big peace in yesterday's Sun Sentinel. Florida's flawed election process. Yeah. Cracks result and break down. Florida's antiquated decentralized election process. Needs an overhaul. Well, no shimit. Huh? What a bulletin. This is a way to have a goddamn election. Oh, put it out. But you've got to be. See, this is what happens with the media. I've been trying to this for a long time. They brainwashed the public into believing that actually we're going to have a real outcome. Well, regardless of what happens. I see. What's wrong with having a ceremonial present for the next four years? I mean, that's all he's going to be. ceremonial president, Bush. Figurehead. Face a manor. What is this? Ribbon cutter. Oh, speaking of that, George had a great appearance on Saturday. It still saddled down there in my end. You're getting down in the whatever was no speaking in the lace town. And the help down there, scoffed up. Good thinking. They're getting more creative each time. Next time it'll be a lot better. I saw a lot of people they have show up there. He said, be I. That's exactly what I know. Yeah, about nine. But the help instead of just taking one sandwich and thanks again to our good close friends from whatever it is Atlantic City, Sub's in Hollywood. Instead of just coming to taking one sandwich at a time, which you don't want to like put it all up in your arms. It's kind of a nice good that way. Yeah, that's what I have to give him a back over and over again. But this table, you still want to the QAM Frisbee's. And then you can turn it over and use it as a tray. And you can put a whole bunch of sandwiches in there. And they don't have to get coming back and be embarrassed to, you know, associating with us. Oh, there's no embarrassment fact for that. I'm sure of that. One of the people asked what station we were from as they were holding one of the Frisbee's loading it up with sandwich. And it was the call letters. They don't do that. But don't confuse them in the fact. I've had the deals like that. What are you guys doing here? What are you doing? What are you doing? All the facts. Remember what I don't want to say where? No, I don't. I don't remember. What are you guys doing here? What are you doing? What are you talking about? Bend the wheel. Bend the wheel. Come on. Bend the wheel. What do I get? Spend the wheel. Wow. Oh, you had over 100 people participate in an aircraft, a graphic show of the weekend. It was just all the way up to the whole time. Then what? I was going to vote over the weekend. Why? Because the guilty I can vote on. Oh, I see. Oh, that's true. Well, this senator snatch from Utah. He said, the current about, yeah, get out of here. Blow it out to your ass. You'll fash his piece of crap. So anyway, I'm not going to go through the results here. But the suffice is to say 25 to 54 still gigantic. Still big. What's the beginning of bonus? Oh, it's part of the crappy numbers. 18 to 24. We had quite a battle going on between Hispanic meals, 18 to 24, and non-Hispanic meals, 18 to 24, 75 Julios and 79 Julios, 18 to 24. I'm not so sure I believe some of those numbers are there. But that's okay. It's just for fun. Anyway, it has a much more important poll for today. And I changed the CIA scratched off the one I originally had. I'm getting tired of asking polls about this. God damn election already. I don't know about you. But I'm getting real, real sick and tired of it. It's like a hobby again. Like a hobby for people with no lives. It's like O.J. and Alien. Here's another guy named hobby. I'm sick of this hobby. Just like I'm sick of going to those stupid hockey games and seeing them lose their game. And then opening up the sports page like the Herald this morning and David J. Schwarz are writing the stupid, stupid, stupid, any out of column. Cats Murray feels the fans pain. Oh, geez. Geez, Louise. For us, aren't you bunker when we need them? Odd, geez. Yeah, that was one of the favorite things you used to say. I've heard the way you said that. Odd, yeah, you're jealous. Alice. Alice. He'd. Well, Alice was, uh, I had Jesse. I was looking for my line. Oh, she's dead too, otherwise. I loved her. She's she the good, uh, the oddly metos. The good metos, she wowed her one go through the whole. Christine, I don't know he's still dead. It's just getting really ponderous. And then we can't blame the crowd wait. We're about 15,000 people there on Saturday with great expectations. And again, it was a little bit better than they had, but you don't want they still lost. And it's getting really old. Just like the election. Getting the old and stale. Just like Patrick Lee, he from Vermont. I'm with that. Yep. Here's our poor question today. Who are the cheapest people? Jews, French Canadians, or Cubans? All of the other reason I did this pull is because you told me about the Cubans that showed up with the luxurious car and all the jewelry hanging from the part of a body and wanted a discount on the CDs. We're giving it a Jewelstone. Oh, I mean, a Cubanist. We're giving it a discount. Yeah, we're giving it a discount on that on Sherman. Which, so that's a good pull question. What was that? Wrong number. Was that a mistake? Yeah. Who was it? I don't know. All right. Good. Just people wandering around in the building. Who are the cheapest people? Jews, French Canadians, or Cubans? That's tough. Yeah. I'm going to the fire. That's a good pull. We do good pull on this show. Other than demographic one, which is right. I've got a very interesting, well, it's not, we don't care where there was interesting for you. It's just not a curiosity. We found out we have very few Asians. But we had a whole bunch of Asians out there. Last survey we took. I think those were all phone evotes on the last time. Very, very few Asians. The person. 10 past 10 at 5. 60 WQM. No point in the program. Maybe we could get the express written commission. No, no, no. No. I have written quickly. It just keeps getting bigger. From Imagine Entertainment, Director Ron Howard presents an all-new holiday classic. Dr. Suusses. All the goats. Stole Christmas. Mr. Gork. Why are you stalling me election? Why? There's more ballots that must be counted, than do we lose? If they're not, I'll just cry. Who, who? The Sigma Cartelite. He made a story. He made a story. He's a pacitor. She blamed it all. I'm got an ambush. The house, summer hill of Mount Kruppet, is mine. You sleep from the room. Alright. It's the varn. He patented the head of the Galibaloo. Cindy Duru. Who is no man to? He talked to him then. Let's have a chat before he met. He'd give up her chat. And let him out. You're the mean one. Mr. Gork. You give the power here. You are a soul is hollow to send who exhibits cloudy day at risk of all. The three words that Mr. Gork are as follows. And I quote. The dark sky. Baby. 15-56-62-25. Now this is beautiful. While we don't have one call on the board. And you're a senior golden opportunity. Because I'm so fed up with all the solution crap. And crap is the opportunity. Crap was the word for all four candidates. Like I said, go and the juley brimman. And Clinton and the Galibaloo who's on the verge of death. That's a Clinton. I mean, whatever the hell it is. I just can't deal with it anymore. Here's your great opportunity today. I'm just going to sit here and listen. If you want to say anything about the election, about the court, I won't say a word. This may never ever happen again. I'm just going to say like, even no matter how nauseated and disgusted I am. And then when you're done, thank you. Bye-bye. That's it. It's all political. Don't let anybody fool you. You got your vote. It's the Florida Supreme Court. That was all politics. And now you got your US Supreme Court with five fascists. That's all political. And that's what it is. That's what it boils down to. Because we don't know how to have a federal election. That's number one. And because number two, we had crappy candidates on both sides. It's like trying to, you know, force, I mean, to pick death by hanging or death by the electric chair. And that's why I was like the fighter right down the middle because it was a brutal choice. It was an unacceptable choice. So we're going to get stuck with the four years like I said, if it's so monolithic you had. So I'm just troubleskin that Cheney Gittison, I mean, the Bush Gittison do. 560, 0.560, pound 560. Here's the mobile and okay, hello. Yeah, I mean, you're very kind and calling Bush a figurehead. I mean, I think that's sort of, you know, being kind anyway. Yeah, yeah, kind of calling Bush a figurehead. How do you just say that? I don't know, came true. Anyway, I've been listening to you a lot lately. I've had the pleasure because I'm on the road a lot. And, you know, so much of what you're saying. I just like you would look forward to the day that we can open up whatever news there. There is a lot of people who are not going to open up whatever news there is and I have to puke over, you know, just because you're poll today, it hit me. That's like, put this call in the poll about who the cheapest is. There's a little trivia fact here people to think about before they vote. What I'm thinking about the difference between a French Canadian and a canoe. Okay, fine, 560, pound 560. On the AT&T and horizon, what I was flying. What if I always told you, there's nothing in the world worse. And people who think that they're funny. And there are the only thing worse than night is working in a studio where there are bugs flying around, which I noticed little tiny nets. Or maybe it's a chigger. Maybe there's a chigger in the wood pod, you think? Yeah, a little bugs flying around in here now. Maybe they had a party in here over the weekend. Maybe the people from Bill Siles brought those sandwiches in here and ate them. I left it sporling rotten under the counter. Anyway, that was a great first call for the week. How's the poll coming so far? Who are the cheapest people in the world? French Canadians ate Jews 5 and Cubans none. See why did that put the Cubans none? It was because George meant a cheap Cuban bitch. Any black could be one in every group. But at least we want to spread it alone. They said about 10. Anyway, I just want to say this to the French Canadians because I noticed the hockey game there that we actually didn't have some wandering around before the game. You can hear by them, describe it. Probably who get lost. We hate you like poison. Don't you understand? These are the slow people on the uptake. First of all, I have no idea what you keep coming back here for because your money isn't worth a day. I mean, even the English speaking Canadians are money worth nothing but we like them. At least I do. Most of them. But the French should have a good use. We hate you like poison. It's not humor. I'm not saying that to be funny. It's not to be sarcastic. It's just honest. We can't stand you. You're disgusting. You walk around around Hollywood. Beats with those speedos. I'm with your big fat perfect hanging out. Your cheap, you don't tip. You're disgusting nauseating. The way you drive isn't up to make even the people down here. You get the guts up. I believe me. That's it. A lot because we got the worst drivers in the world. We can't stand you. French Canadians. Go home now. Poly, who go one way lost. Get lost. That's right. North. Or you. Or three of these would be good. That's okay. Everything's cheaper over there. What about you? Countrymen over there on the in France. Here we got to look at this little buzz. We got next. We got a chigrant here. God damn it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 16. 5, 6, 5, 6, 16. 5, 6, 16. On the 18, 10, Verizon, where was line? Oh, this could just be the last day. The last day for all of this. You have no idea how that will please me. Here's Miami. Hello. Are you doing the other way? Listen. I want to ask you about the Nellis. What's going on with him? They said he was switching over to the Republican. No. He's not. Well, if you get a position in what the Bush wants to work. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18. I can see we're not going to have any calls. They were just like Christmas music today. It's the 11th of December. It's a visually close. We'll play Hanukkah Keralds and Christmas music. Because these people, I'm sure, very disappointed that I want to see the Virginia. Call up Sandy Payton and talk about filing willism. Okay. I'm not going to sit here. I keep talking about dimple Chad and pimple with all these assholes that are running around with their placards and screaming and carrying on like we have some great choice there. I'm going to call these candidates as we're getting all whipped up about what's they're not. It's just not worth it. But because the media continues orchestrating these things because they're profit to be milked from it. Naturally, they always got these assholes. I'll look at this. We got your Florida legislature and action. They're singing virtually in New Barra, once again. They're beautiful. Here's the round. Hello. Good morning, Neil. I'm the one. Okay. Okay. It's just a couple of points on the whole election thing. I'm just concerned that as far as the rest of the world looking at us, we can't say that we have the best system in all this. This is the best we can do is in the D'O'Locan Addison laughing at us. We're a joke. This is getting to report where it's really concerned. And this is the big thing. But how come more people aren't saying that? How come more people aren't furious over the fact that we don't know how to hold a guy damn election and that we're doing stuff from out of the stone age? I agree. I mean, we both that we have the best system in the world and then we put a bunch of people into idiots out there and no one way. We came in holding an election and this is going to go on for months and it seems like. And we're the laughing stock of the world here. Yeah. I don't know. I just, it's really gets scutty me. I thank God I live in the Netherlands. It's all I can say. Okay. Okay. Thank you. 5605056. Oh, you're not going to, well, we ought to take a poll. Maybe I'm doing it wrong too. Maybe they want to hear those anal arguments. Well, you think. Oh, that's 1230. When they replay it, no. I'm not going to do it. I don't care if everybody knew all this wants to hear it. I'm not going to do it. Because I know that they don't. You know, it was a novelty the first time was the first time we actually had audio from the USS Supreme Court. And that was interesting. And then I made the mistake even put on the Florida Supreme Court or an American Supreme Court. And the entire audience of vanished at that point, I'm not going to put it on there again. What are they going to say? It was pretty interesting though that David Boyz is replacing the very lackluster Lawrence Tribe. Huh? Maybe they thought he was a member of the tribe. That might have been a learning way to kick in his ass out of there. And they're putting in David Boyz to try to pull the thing off today. Targeting front of the USS Supreme Court. Maybe they figured the SS Supreme Court wouldn't be too sympathetic to a member of the tribe. Here's a model in Miami. Hello. There, how's it going man? Okay, sure. All right, for all these damn Republicans, these people are voting for Republicans. Good. Ah, ah, ah. Okay. Uh-huh. Five six, that'll 0.560. Count five six beyond the 18T in Poison. Wireless line. Welcome to South Florida. You wonder why the states in place? Why did these counties down here in the ones that screwed up the election? You wonder? I don't wonder. I know. These people wouldn't know which side was up if he gave him a head start. There's a model in Broke. Hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. Yeah, I do. And I have to say I want to change this. So I think once you mentioned you were talking about haunted tracing, you'd be haunted tracing saying that you worked? Yes. No, I'm not sure you're trying to tracing, but what if you, you know, who is the best tribe you ever saw? For what kind of a conversation is there? That's like saying, what was the best car you ever drove? What was the best car you ever saw? Francis, oh, here. Francis, oh, here. Yeah, there you go. Hey, we had ice couple lights out there. I was there Friday for the big drivers championships at the popular park. Nice event, boys. Excellent. Have good crowds. Handle over a million dollars, both nights I think. Dave Pallon, Luke Wollett, Vol. K. Stunier, Daniel Dubay, no one boys held their own. Maybe they were doing it. Kevin and Wally and Dural and Humball even out. That's a good thing. It was great. And see, there again, there's an idea of a, Disgusting about harness racing. Who was the best driver you ever saw? Francis, oh, here. He was a 70 year old man in Michigan from Flushing, Michigan. Does he anybody in the sun, it's the who that is. Nobody has me a question. That's my answer. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 in the Tlanis fancier. Here's a mobile and vocary, hello. Yes, sir. You said it perfectly. What other fattening unions could cause us to happen if it's a Florida? I'm on the 30s. Florida has been known for years as a deadbeat state. This comes back from from the years when, when Florida had the lowest per capita income. When it was a, a state full of sunshine. And a lot of people that couldn't find jobs just wanted to come out. Where I'm the beach came to Florida. Right, losers. As a Republican, The loser, I am ashamed. I am ashamed of what my party is doing. I have said that I've actually switched to becoming a, to turn to an independent, okay? Yeah. Because it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, to see. We've tried to sound something on this. When the fact that time is still the election, it's, it's embarrassing. Well, let me, what do you mean they're trying to steal the election? What are they stealing it? Yeah. Why? Why? Why do you gotta, in particular, credit job well done? Why not let the most be counted? When a lose, let the most be counted. That's the only fair way. When you have to go to a, who's a, for a reason, I was, let me ask you this question. Okay, and I mean, and all honesty, since since you try to make it sound like there's some rational way to, uh, to conclude this thing, how you really count the votes when you have 67 different counties and 67 different standards and all these different people and the photos Supreme Court continue screwing up. Just like when they said, okay, well, uh, we're gonna extend the deadline and they give them, like, over those Thanksgiving holiday to count all of both and they knew it couldn't be done. Now they do the same thing again. Okay, start the counting again, but there's no standard for what's the vote and what's not a vote. Well, how do you do that? The correct, the correct, the correct, the correct, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right. Hello? Yeah. The correct, the right would be to set a deadline for Florida to install reliable voting machines and we vote for the whole ban. You're the whole thing over all right, now you're talking about to it. I'm, I say that deadline should be in about let's say in November, 5th, 2004. Sounds good. It could've done plenty of time. We can hold the, you get some potlucks, suffers. Raise the money to be able to, but oh, not cost a lot of money for that new, technical technology. We can erase the money, buy those new computers, but they're on there. But what's all these fleas or something in here? What is this? Besides the toilet, I'm sorry. Can we have an exterminator coming here? No. No. Well, I think it's an only. I think it's another act of God. So another plague, a plague of fleas. Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. This holiday season, get your gifts that should be fun. Try our new collector, our log. Or the delicious mystery meat that doubles as a sexual advice. Or if you're looking for a bargain, try our fruit cake from last year. Guaranteed every bit of good as it ever was. And no one can resist the Chikari Farm, Hong Koutes, in the shape of Monica Lewinsky. Chikari Farm. The place to shop for people who don't really care about it. Just kidding, then I got good news and bad news for me anyway. The good news is we found a whole bunch more that, a carb solution stuff at publics bought it all out. Everyone, every last bottle, the bad news is, got through another great, perfect ad friday. We went to the track Friday night, I drank two bottles of that stuff where that was my supper. Got on the scale on Saturday morning. And I had once by four and a half pounds, it all came back. The supper. What? You said supper. Sapa. And what about it? I've heard you say supper before. The news to look front of people with such supper? That's why I said it. Oh, okay. Cheaves this Christ, what the hell did they do to you in that place on Saturday? Oh, you have no idea. Man, and then he went and got some stilts of grass from some old olds raided and was trying to speak Cuban to him, but at any rate, not Spanish, Kimmer. And then we're going to get another bunch of slow up in my face here. What are all these things coming from? You look to brought them with you. Yeah, I brought them with me, right, in your pocket. Yeah. Wait a minute. Peace out. So anyway, get up Saturday morning. You didn't hear what I just said. The weight all came back. Yeah, heard it. I had gone through this tremendous week. You saw you were witnessed at least during the show. I ate like maybe two meals during the entire week. Nothing. Lost four and a half to five pounds. God upset it morning and it all came back. I realized there's a lot of fat in that stuff. But I mean, let's get serious. And there's an adkins always pedaling this of BS about fat. Doesn't make any difference. And all these little cards that all fat is not worth that. It's those carbohydrates, those killer carbs. And I'm depressed about it. So I guess the only answer is to get back on the treadmill and the, uh, the, uh, bike. Get that metabolism going. Because I have a feeling, I'm, no, it's just like my metabolism is so slow that if I did, did just rank water if I just went on a fast for 10 days, I still wouldn't lose anyway. I just mentioned that in passing so that I self-department doesn't feel so bad about how a net they are that they didn't come up with a thing that's stuff for me. And then Gary Sarner comes in here. You're a close personal friend Gary Sarner. You're a business Orthodox, you're a friend Gary Sarner. Who you'll be sucking up at the Christmas party tonight with. Comes in here. What do you mean? How do you know how to be sucking around with it? You were sucking around with him this morning. I'm cordial with me. No, no, you were just cordial. You were sucking his Jewish ass, okay? And he's just like, do you remember when he's not just Jewish? He's another one of those, uh, the coach of the house. He's like, yeah, he's, uh, he was handing out some anti-Palestinian propaganda that got, did that his really show. I'm sure of that. And anyway, so he comes in here once a week or a pedal to the Atkins food stuff. Am I going to do that? No, of course not. It's a crazy person. So you don't confuse ourselves the problem with credibility because they have no idea what the word means. And even as far as the club solutions stuff, it may not help you lose weight, but it tastes great. No, I don't mean no, at least it tastes good. This is nothing for what a big school of ice cream isn't at something. And you don't need a big school of ice cream. This stuff is delicious. Here's a mobile and story. Hello. Yeah, people that call you and tell you that they're Republicans and they're going to change their lives in the pendant. First of all, we hope they do that because that'll just help us out more. Also, no Republican was upset with Bush did. He really didn't do anything. I mean, whether you like the guy or not, he doesn't. Oh, they counted the vote. He was ahead. They recounted them. He was ahead. No amount of how many times they counted. He's ahead. Yeah. So no team winning any sport would call up and say, I know. So we're not talking about a problem game. So we're not interested. Co-owned the sports shows and talk ball games. No team. I keep hearing about that in that baker that Fabician James Baker, who just makes my skin crawl. Air become, well, you know, like changing the rules of the game after the game is going to start it. We're not playing a ball game. You moron. You've got them SS trooper. You asshole. You idiot. You Fabician the guy. Get out of our face. 560, 560, pound 560. We're going to be carrying the audio from the European court. Huh? Might as well. These people got nothing to say today. It's Monday. Oh, that's right. I forgot. It's Monday. That's the excuse. Here in South Florida. There's Bill Schneider. What's Bill saying? I've been having you back. Yeah. Here's a mobile in the form of waterdale. Hello. Hey, you got how you doing? All right. Hey, listen. I have like a few opinions like on why we have this. You have a few opinions? Like. Okay. Basically when Buddy McCay was ticked the senator, he wasn't the strongest candidate. What was called when he was put to be senator? Candidate. And it seems to make George Bush maybe he was a strongest candidate. But there was a lot of the people that should have been like five grand of the Florida and would have a better shot than Al Gore. And I think we're in this position we're now because we just didn't have the right players. Okay. Wrong players. Did we go with that bargain stuff again? Call up the sports shows. Okay. We'd like to hear that we had the wrong players like the Panthers. The wrong players. Thank you, sir. Okay. I said. I'll say here and listen. And go. I may be even Watson while I go. Ahhh! In between try to kill these damn little bugs. Must have a whole crap load of these. I don't know what I'm most of my time trying to kill them for. We must have ten thousand men here. But of course we wouldn't want to get an exterminator in here because that might actually cause Great some money. Let's maybe we could trade it out since we got trade outs for everything else in the world on the long. At Christmas time. 565.0560. Pomp 560. On the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and bottom of venture, hello. I was warning you. Yes sir. You know, I've tried to run the threat to the weak cop. Okay, well let's get to a real phone sir, I call us back. That was very good. Excellent. We're still at almost 11 o'clock already. We're still waiting for real call. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line out of town. Look at that. We got a call on the other town line in Bokello. Hey Neil, this is a real call. All right. How are you doing? Okay. I wanted to say just a few things. First off, let's just all be happy that we're healthy. We had a good year. And where life is good, you know, all this junk is going on, but I just wanted to say that enjoy your show. And I just want to be positive today. Okay. All right. And because the bugger because all the mong is on the floor when you guys are eating over there, I know that. We're not ramming it in here for days and we still got bugs. Okay. Good luck to you, Tom. Okay. Yeah. There's no just have a bunch of triggers running around in here now. I guess maybe it's an EOE thing EEO, whatever the call on these days. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 1. What are you laughing about? We have to have some triggers in the building that kind of like even it out. All that we do have kids, scary. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5. What do you say? Should we do it? Put the S-PINKORT or an argument on a what? I'm not going to do it. I'm going to care if we got 40,000 calls saying, oh, we want to hear it. The answer is still. No, no, no, it's terminal. Yeah, we were trying to win you off of that crap already. We knew we were way. 22, before 11 at 5, 60, W2. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 5, 60, and Q, A, P. It's hard to be at you, won't fit me. Yeah, I'm so happy going in any game. And I can't insist on the digital radar, Christmas tree. Or be brighter, I'll burn without cut this something while listening. My people go, I'll read and heed this light to benefit me. I'm a Q. I'll only Q. I'm Chris Man. Here we go! Pokemon fellows! Oscar's in October, June! Jim Hops, Charmers!ective number 6 ajustmember to share with you! Invested in attendance report incubator works! Fr. Jan tackley ready to kick off. Misty! Art Ralston &uchen Steven Channel! I'm a Jew. I don't need you. I can't be married. But I need real. On credit now. Here's a little boy I couldn't help but hear. The reason I thought of Christmas here I couldn't save it as you were there. This is the one, not the new, new, new, new, new. You need a place to be a true, old, Christmas. You don't have to deal with the seeds of the Lord. Now, to be on your fancy havia, I'll give the charity you don't have to go to grandma's house with your alcoholic family. I don't have to be on your fancy havia, so that Santa's father has a beautiful gift. That's right. You're a Jew. I'm staring you. It's not good time to be a Jew. I'll present you. I'll give you a gift. All the bubble mice is all the time. Thanks to Robert of Power 96 when our sales holes over there give us a check for 100 bucks for plant-pair. Thank you, sir. God bless America. How do you like that? From Power 96, no less. Did most of our people come up with a check for plant-pair? No. The sales department did our management come up with a beefy company. Come up with a check for us? No. I just mentioned that in passing. I thought I wanted to embarrass or humiliate them or tell you what a bunch of cheap bastards they are. They're not going to be a big deal. But that's just the way they are. There are some of the facts that are made of great column by Marine Dowd about the little pair of assholes. Basically what he's going to do is put up with the assholes. Running for president. Thank you very much. Don't waste any more of our facts paper. I'm trying to tell you this. I'm burned out. I don't care. I just don't. In fact, I wanted to be over with. I wanted over two days. Get the oral argument over. Get the anal argument. It's a strong out there tonight. Mr. Wooden Wooden was thick and just tried his ass out. It let him give his conversation speech and we'll survive. Okay. Enough is enough already. We know the election was stolen. We know he really wanted. But who cares at this point? There's no way to prove it. You got to hand it to a one-one thing. All those Republican thieves this time. They didn't tremendous job. They threw up so much crap in so many different places that they made it impossible. I scored our job and you're girlfriend too while you're at it. The secretary of Bush. How's the poor common? See, the good part of this is we don't have any French Canadians in the audience. No, so that's good. So all the Jews like me were voting for the French Canadians. Although, see, I can only judge Jews being cheap by myself. Am I cheap? No, no way. I'm on the most generous set. I'm on the most gullible. I mean generous people. They'll ever find. So all those stereotypes. That's just part of the whole business of anti-Semitism. The people like George Ortsburg and the Ralph. But anyway, even George thinks the French Canadians are cheaper. What is that type of? That's quite an indictment. If even a virulent anti-Semitism like George says that. 55 for the French Canadians 24 for the Jews only 10 for the Cubans, who are the cheapest people in the freaking world. Here's Del Rey B, Chela. Come over! Come over! Mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. You know, I feel the same way you did do. I don't care who gets in the White House. What I do care about is evolving the Constitution because the Constitution will be around before them after them. You know? And they messed up my portfolio. Yeah? You know? I thought, I thought, my portfolio is all messed up too. I thought it was mature, she did it. You know what? I'm going to tell you something else. It's one of really cared about the country. They would have stepped down a month ago. Yeah. Or what makes you think he wanted to care about the country? They'll look here about his ego. I'm a bunch of Pa Hungry Mongols. I would rather have someone off the street who's a small business man on the country. You got it, man. Some of the small business man like Bill Gates. No, I'm talking to you. How about you? You'll run to the front of that. No thanks. Or V Gates. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560. I think we didn't get in the bottom by these damn bugs. Now, of course, this is the best. The problem comes in here during the last commercial break. And these are very concerned about the bug problem we got. Yeah. That's instant. And he's, I said, well, you know, I never worked at a fricking radio station in my life. They didn't have an exterminator. And this is all I think it has something to do with the building. That was, who's exactly that cruelty. Things that has something to do with the building. Yeah. Which is again, his way of rationalizing that he works for a cheap prick. Who won't kill some exterminator coming here and so on. Remember at IOD, we always had an exterminator. Whether it was the Cox IOD or the Pac-Native. Any radio station. Of course, the KAT. We want to have an exterminator because there were so many old people listening and working in a place. Exterminate, we just not have bad. Well, we didn't like the word. Here's Margie. Hello. Hi, Neil. I have a question. Yes, sir. I've had a problem with 560 with the marketing department for about two weeks now. I've had a problem with them for about three and a half years. Well, you're going to laugh because I know you can get to the bottom of it. There's a book that you guys promote. It's two lines that will improve your repertoire. No one knows the name of it. No one knows the author of it. Wait a minute. Two lines that will improve your repertoire. Yeah, sir. It's, I mean, it's actually funny. It's a book I wanted to buy for my wife for Christmas. And it's, um, I've come out of the marketing department. I've called the word. What did you hear about that? It's a commercial. It's a commercial. I saw it every single day on on, on, on Shubby Show or the worst days. Yeah. And I never get to, I never get to, they don't say the author and they don't say the title. So I've called the 305, that because this guy, John, I've talked to a few times. So I call five, five, sixty. I think like, oh, man, just call the, call this department. No one's called me back for two weeks. Well, of course not. We don't want the audience to know. The, the, the same thing. They won't give us the list of the numbers for the responses. People call George every day all day long. What's an even that, so, what's an even that place? What's the number that was done? And they won't give us the numbers. Well, it's funny because I talked to my, my, uh, lawyer, friend Jeff Cohen, the other day, and he told me he said, yeah, he said, yeah, he's a man of furthest a couple times. Yeah. So, they're, they're off the, they're tied on the nothing. Mm-hmm. So, who are called, if I call the 305 number again again? Yeah. Well, we're going to need that view of Carl. The answer is, I have no idea. So, I get it. So, I get it. So, you, you, you, you have to sit there. Yeah, get it. Because they're recording, people, one of the shows. Oh, that's, that's horrible. I actually love your show and, uh, I hate books and gore. Okay. Good luck, teacher. I mean, I could, you know, I could lie to this guy. And I'm going to, I could be embarrassed about it. But I work here and I take their money. So, I could be too embarrassed. They just don't care. Don't you understand? These, I keep trying to tell these people I think I'm making a funny head. I think it's a joke. The people who run this place and the people in a sales department don't care about that. All they want is the money from the sponsors. That's all they want. They're not interested in the results. They're not interested in giving you people the number. They address the information that isn't part of their job. So, I must have had some golf, because they might help me even, even just find a way to get a whole bunch of that carve solution stuff. Even if I was willing to pay for it, even retail for a client hour. Because that's kind of what they would make in the money. Even though, of course, it would have been a great spot. But it's kind of what they would make in the money. So, how can I have the golf? They're going to be involved with that. There are people out there going, oh, he's got to be kidding. No, I'm not kidding. Here's a mobile and watch Pondy, cello. Yes, sir. Well, let them really get holidays. And stay in a good mood. You wouldn't believe how many of these foolish Republicans I've spoken to. They've called me that they've got five, six, seven, five, six, five, six, the only AT&T and provides the wireless line. Was that clever? That was real cute. Here's a lady in Fort Waterdale, hello. Oh, yes, here I, okay. You know, a new, I used to do going to listen to some remarks, and I think I'd like to, I'm very nervous, I can't talk. But as much as we describe Republicans, they hit us just as much. They'd like to, if they could, shoot our group. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I have just, just when you think you've heard it all, when you think you've heard every stupid idiot at a comment that you could possibly hear, and then she gets on a phone. Even though God was on before her was better. I mean, didn't there anybody out there with an IQ larger than their dim thumbnail? Is there anybody out there that's got anything in their brain in this time? No, and I bet on 25 years, I'm still asking that question. And you wonder why Florida screw up the election? Florida screw up a wet dream this guy at the M state. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pond, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a call in front of my, as well. Yeah, all you doing? Okay. Listen, I was just going to comment about what you were talking about a couple weeks ago, with, uh, you were talking about the mudwumps versus us. And I think that's the way you got it treated. And it's basically, look at the states like you said, who voted for this guy. I mean, we're talking about, now I'm from the upper Midwest. And I'm proud of those people. I'm proud of the people of Michigan, of Wisconsin, Minnesota. Yeah, well, we don't have a name log in. But yeah, but I mean, I'm just saying that those people, I wouldn't be that proud. You know, it's not like we're talking about voting for somebody that's all I grade. No, I agree. He may not be worth defending, but the fact of the matter is, who's the worst of the two? I mean, don't you agree? Yes. And, you know, the way I look at it is like you said, there's a, I have what's called the trickle down theory. States where the trickle is very popular are usually mudwumps states. So, you're in one of them. I'll tell you, I thought that Florida South Florida, that the redneck were just in tele-heavy. This is like the Duke of Handsard meets the steppeford wives here. Yeah. This is horrifying. I'm just at least John Schneider look good though. Thanks a lot. Okay, I have a great time. Well, that chased the morning real fast. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, well it's true. At least he look good. I mean, you know, most of the mudwumps, they don't look good. They don't smell too good. Here's a call from Miami, hello. There, yeah. Yes. You want to listen, please, and feel the carbob play a major one about Rudolph. The redneck was right there, we're just saying, dragon in the snow. Why? You know, that song, that Christmas song, you played about Rudolph. You said you want a Christmas song. I said, I want a Christmas song. Yeah, that they're getting you through that part of, I'd like to play Christmas songs today and forget about this election business. Yeah. And I agree with you. You know, dancing, and dancing, and dancing, dancing, and dancing, and dancing, and dancing, and dancing, and dancing. What do you recall? The most famous, crazy, a ball. We hope the well-hunged reindeer had a very lady home. And when a cat excited, it stuck out way past his nose. All of the other reindeer wanted what it would go. Turns out that moody's organ was getting stuck in the snow. Then one fucking Christmas scene with the fan-for-chowns to stay. And it all, with your two-cell long, won't you drive me home now, all of the reindeer hate him. He's the favorite ones he does. Good off the well-hunged reindeer. Get to bang this as far as... I tell you what really is, the Cinderella thing about all those businesses. They keep bringing the same desperate, tired old people on. They're cooked to the former clerk to adjust this Scalia, and the former clerk to adjust this Kennedy. And here's Paul Begala again. And here's this, oh god. This seems like it's been going on for a hundred years. That isn't going on forever. The same old, tired, tall, saying the same old, predictable, tired crap. How could anybody possibly endure it? I can't. But I sure hope you're having a good time of it. 1056 to 560 WQM. 430 O56 WQM, Miami Port Lunderedale, a measly broadcast group search. WQAM.com, or the world. Where you fudge back them? Locked up in a hotel at Crystal Nettentoke Vacation. They'd put rubber down in back into incarceration. The cops they had to fuss his nasty, because he was rebate. There. Now they've got to send you to a truck free institution. Maybe you will get to go where Melanie Christy's stand. That's I'm dead and worked so good and rehabbed at Asia. So much for me as a teenager. So much for me as a teenager. Look at this bomb, a hoovered article. People keep facts of me stuff. I stop facts of me stuff, because I'm not interested. It's going in a way, it's a good, a walk-in selection. But Bob Herbert from the York Times, this is an interesting term of use. He calls this election. They've Florida Fiasco. I sure want Bob as usual. And here's another one that almost has me interested enough to read it, but I won't. Coal conspirators by covering Bush's post campaign as though it were politics as usual. The media are composing his attempted theft. And we laugh and stick a new top down from the Boston Phoenix by Dan Kinley. Well, I'm not going to read it on the air. Stop wasting our facts paper. I don't care anymore, don't you understand? Here's some really bad news. National Airlines files bankruptcy. National Airlines is seeking protection from creditors under chapter 11 of US bankruptcy laws that reorganizes its business. The airline blamed its financial troubles on rising fuel costs, but they said its service will not be interrupted said they'd launch Vegas based airline. What a shame. They did a pretty good job. On July 27, the company made national headlines on the 22 year old man gun on a flight of JFK in New York put a gun to a pilot's head again to five hours standoff. I didn't know that was unnatural. Maybe it was on American and one nowhere the hand grenades were. National office services Chicago midway, Dallas, for Worth LA, I mean New York, a new work rather. New York for Love US Services, for Washington DC. To Chicago, here's scheduled a big in January 25th. How do you like that? In September the company had its two million passengers, but they got real problems. They got tourists. 567.0.560. Palm 560. Oh, that's right. Look at that. The oral argument to the end argument to go on right now is we speak. They're not on the air and they will be releasing the audio tapes at 1230. Are we going to play those audio tapes? No, I just keep mentioning that over and over again. So if anybody feels what down, don't just keep sticking with need. I'll probably expect them to put that stuff out of the air again because what's the point? What's the use? You put all the arguments before the fixes already in. So what's the point of going through that exercise again? I wish them good airtime that we can be sitting here like keep giving the phone numbers again. Yeah. Here's how and they'll. Hello. Hey, anyway, doing. Okay. I was just going to call the parent and part of the way about that right now is conspiracy going on over there. The two are doing. And I'd like to tell you this. We should be thinking about other things like every girl has a pot and a pot of sushi and a gable and a pour. Uh-huh. I think that's better for our economy out of the way. Yeah. Well, no, of course. They've pushed your chin. You got a good chance for that. Just like if you've got what it got in there, huh? Right. 567.0.560. 560.0.560.0. On the AT&T. And Verizon wireless lines out of Tom. I like what one of West Coast. Well, we actually didn't have like a real collar this morning. Do you notice that? Like somebody who actually spoke like a living in building human being. 877.785. 6345. I mean, we've only had to line about two years now. And we finally actually got like a living and building person from four miles today. All right. See something that happened all right. It's not even noon yet. Here's sunrise. Hello. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. Good. I just want to let you know that I'm a big fan. And listen to me for a while and also I'm an exterminator. So if you need me over there, I can come. Okay. That's all I have today. Okay. Thanks. Mm-hmm. And they keep sending me more articles on his facts machine. Here's what about the dimpled election. And here's what about the pimple election? Not interested. See, and of course, we got no calls now because the audience thinks that we're going to keep talking about this just like after the alien thing finally. Or reach the point that there was absolutely nothing left to say like on about the second day of it. And it was like, you had to start all over again. Go back to square one and start from scratch because you had a one dimensional bunch of people. Just like that bitch that called earlier that I had a dump. That's talking to a real crap. Here's a mobile and cool spring. So, hey, you ever heard of Chinese songs from the Bob Rivers album? Let me ask you something. You had like a hobby. Sir? What? That was great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. And if you ever call this show before, like in the last five minutes, don't call me again. Okay. I'm just trying to flush out. It's the end of the year we're trying to like flush things out. Like all these bugs around this toilet that we're working in here. When it down flush them out, that's my new year's resolution. My new year's resolution was I was going to lose a lot of weight and this was going to be the time. Is it time? No. No. Well, I got to do blood test this afternoon and Gary's going to suck some blood out. So, I can't even eat anything now. But you just get into the point where you're ready to give up, you know? I thought I had an awarding still a week less week. I was very proud of myself. Give them a scale on Saturday morning. There it is. And of course they say, well, I didn't know water weight. But I mean, how much water? And I'm peeing like a race horse, you know? That's supposed to be the key. It's to peeing like a race horse. You're peeing your brains out. You figure on what I'm going to get on a scale of my mind. You're going to be another two, three pounds. Guess what? Wrong. So, my 849,000th diet is in the Acraper again. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello? There. Yes sir. How are you doing? Okay. I would like to hear about 1230 of those tapes. Yeah. It will kill on a good hour for lunch for you. Yeah. Why do you want to hear it? I'm a big time busher to support her and I bought it for her. And you why? But you bought it for her. Hold on. I'll tell you what. After you learned to speak the language, coming back more of a conversation about it. He bought it for him. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560. On the 880. Oh, on the answer to your request. No. No. We're not going to put it on. Absolutely. Positive to me. No. No. No. Not yet. Meat. 8 minutes after 11 at 560, WDQM. From all of the productions, comes the cutest little Arabs you've ever seen. Airfets. Abdullah, Jerusalem, and Little Jericho. 102 Palestinians. This time, the WDQM, a Barack, and trying to separate all the little Palestinians from their happy West Bay homes. It's one explosive situation after another with all those Palestinians scrambling for cover. Don't miss Walt Disney's newest animated feature. 102 Palestinians. Now, showing in theaters everywhere. Oh. Come on. It's after a lot of the 560 WDQM. Happy Monday. Today's to all of you from our very upbeat Neil Rogers show here. We don't get a crap on any of this. You want a little piece of philosophy for you, even though most of you aren't going to buy in the WDQM. Because I keep you in tongue of the truth for 25 years, and mostly you aren't buying it anyway. Although, a little portion of your brain is over a message and they're saying, you know, he's right, but you just don't want to deal with it. Because you've been so brainwashed. And the fact is that if I weren't doing a talk show, I would be paying like 1 million of the attention of any of this that I've been paying. But I have to do it. Be aware of how to do it for the last several weeks because this has all it's been going on. And preoccupied people, that's all they care about. But the fact is that most of us, it's just like the thing with Barack yesterday, they're hawking the Chinese with Barack, he's resigning Israel. And we're supposed to be all we're like care about that. No, no. No. The philosophy lesson is don't get yourself all wound up. Don't get your shorts in a goddamn thing. I'll wrap up around your ass because of the things that they're really going to affect your life. And people tend to do that because the media, as I've kept telling you, they lead you by the nose. They tell you what's important. Where you're supposed to get all whipped up about, this isn't important. Any more that alien was important. Oh, yeah. But it's about the next way. All right. They're all about your themes. They're going to spend your money like it's come out of a faucet somewhere. And it doesn't make a, heels worth a difference because they both suck. But there's a Supreme Court hearing's other way right now. They're having oral arguments. They're having anal argument. Right as we speak. Clarence Thomas is in the back of the room. Smoking a big fat one. That's right. And that's why that's why he never asked any questions because he's preoccupied. He'd be smoking then, and talking in the back of the room. Clarence, be Thomas. He'd be doing it. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah. Those cops, Lucien, but they're really good. I went to a public and they had one left. So then I called the company that was number was on the bar. Right. They told me they're available at Walmart, Target and Kmart. Really? I went to the local Kmart. The shelves were full. And I didn't go to Target or, or Walmart, but I'm sure that their shelves are full as well. And they're delivered for cheaper than, then public stuff. Oh, do they? Yes, they do. And also, I sent you that the non-coxic ant-faced, some time ago, I'm going to open it. So if you want dust control and you're placed non-coxic dust control, then we'll get rid of whatever you got there. Yes, sir. Yes, I do. I'm getting tired of the slat and bugs here. And you put, you put me out with your jaw, our range is. Okay. Thanks, hang on. Okay. So there's a good news. The cops, the Lucien, even though you may not lose anyway, but at least it tastes good. And maybe you will lose weight with it. Delicious stuff. Here's a mobile-to-west pond, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Listen. Everybody's very much poor for riddings down here, that's all our poor, but we didn't cause it. You're right. The media caused it. Directed polls. But, because you're a good, good, good, good. Okay, great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. On the 18 team, don't confuse the last guy with the facts because obviously it wouldn't do any good. Like talking to a rock. Florida can't do anything, right? Sir, we can't, we don't know how to do anything right. We don't know how to make a ballot right. We don't know where we're in the Stone Age. And now all of a sudden the newspapers after all of this mess after all this embarrassment, which we ought to be used to by now, after all of this. Oh, I guess what? It's our kick and I'm outmotein now, they didn't something needs to be done about it. Wow. So much for the great job either the head of the time. Not. Punch card ballots. Here's Miami, hello. I don't know. Okay. And, Mayor, you said you don't want to talk about the election. I just want to, you know, I was watching one of these maddo's in show last night. And then at this professor on that said he's, he had discovered a way, you know, to read brainwaves for people. Right, Charlotte. Did you hear that? Yeah. And it's been introduced to Congress by the Superlukan Senator Grassley I think. Yeah. And he's going to try to find a way to, you know, make it way you can use it in criminal case. And I mean, that's kind of sounds like big brother to me. And I even thought somebody to watch that screen. What if they close their eyes and they don't want to do it, what are you going to do? So, it goes up and up and up and up and up with the toothpicks, like in Clockwork Orange, that's right. You know, I mean, I said the first person we ought to check that brainwaves fingerprinting on his OJ. I mean, please, I don't know how they're going to. I mean, if this is there that's got to be discussed, I just sounds, um, too much like big brother. Yeah, like a reading in your mind. All right. All right. Thanks. Okay. Everybody, I did see that. Pretty interesting. Let's wrap OJ up and see what we read in his mind. Which, can you imagine how long that line would be? 567.0560, pound 560. On the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. Out of town line is open 8777856345. Bill Schneider is on the rents and go on. Later, you're a farty. Yeah, huh? Here's PineQuest. Hello. Anyhow, you doing this? Okay. Just a couple things. The punch cards are definitely archaic. We need to change them. And I got a couple ideas. Of course, you've talked about the ATM type voting machines, which I agree with. And thanks. Good news is Hillsborough County announced this while they were doing going through all of the loading on Saturday. When the vote counting was a getting organized before they cut them off of the pass, they're going to go to all touch screens in Hillsborough County before the next election. Right. Which actually they need to do nationwide. Right. Have a national day off for voting. Right. Have the Eastern Times Zone vote from 10 a.m. to 8 a.m. The Pacific Times Zone vote from 7 a.m. To 5 p.m. And at one time, we'll know who the president is and eliminate all this. Oh, well, the Pacific Coast makes a decision of what happens on the east coast. And that's my idea. I don't know what to think. Well, it makes a lot of sense. So we probably won't do it. I know. Next much. Okay. Thanks. All right. Have a great holiday. And you too. But of course, when you do things in a way that makes it make sure that it's accurate, that it's fair, and that it's equitable, then it's you can't feel or actions like what's going on right now. And then, Mrs. of all their plans, just like Cassio said, then, Mrs. of all of my plans. Can you get them off the hook for all time, sake? No. Can't do it, Sally. And don't call me Sally, by the way. Yeah, they would have been a great one and they're don't call me Sally. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizonworth. Let's just play the audio from the godfather for four hours. Be a lot brighter, 10, and talk about this damn election crap. I'll clear that right now. God Almighty. And of course, you do realize that if the Democrats had any brains who lived a cold in the street in the South. The home's cold. Exactly. But they didn't do it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Our 10 minutes from now, they're going to be 20 audio tapes of the Supreme Court. All in any argument. You want to hear those? Not going to have it here on the show. You know what we have to do? We have to pull a bait and switch and just put it right on there. What do you think? Here's a mobile info on Waterdale. Hello. Yeah, I do. Okay. Yeah, but great article from the bottom and globe. Yeah. This was about the Canadian election, right? This was a Saturday before the Canadian election. You know, they had to have this guy named Doc Welp days running for a... No. Okay, with Canadian broadcasting broke this story. The printed paragraph. A conservative upstock who hopes to become a dragon-slayer Canadian national elections on Monday. Instead, finds himself being swayed for refuses to believe that dinosaurs weren't ruled the Earth. He's a fundamentalist question, but the Canadians have real press in their country. And they made him explain that he lost the election for it. That's right here. The dinosaurs became an issue at the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation to send digging. So if we hadn't media like that, they would go out to bush police in the same stuff these guys. Oh, you know. It's got to be right here. It's time to throw the Earth. They didn't anything they were with Adam and Eve. So when the media came across as a moderate, just like George Bush. But the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation had the ball to make him say this and he lost the election. Right. George Bush was on the same side of the team. Does he have any Canadians who talked about the election on your show? No. This guy was a real right-wing nut. I know, but I don't need to talk to Canadians about it. I read in the Toronto papers all the time. But it shows if our media was like there, I don't know. Okay, thank you. That's the eight-time he said that. That's the 24-five I agree with you. But how many times can you say the same thing? How many times can you say the same thing? How many times can you say the same growing people on MSNBC and CNBC and CNN and Foxbanks. That work. How many times can you say the same way growing people on there? Before you finally start working from it already. Before you finally start puking out meals that you eight twenty five weeks ago. God. So what do you just say? No, I mean he's got a great point. I think what he was trying to say was The media is sick and it's out down. But Jesus Christ, pal. Have a nice day, eh? Here's Miami, hello. Hello, new. Yes sir. I'm not going to talk about the election. I just want to say there's no value in the church. Yeah. Okay, great. Thank you. Five, six, seven, five. What are you looking at me like that for? This is what you've gone out there. These are very creative clever people. This is the soft-forward audience. The same people you would have been talking to for a hundred years now. And this is their material. Don't you understand it? Yeah, okay. Good. So you're going to tell that thing? I'll think about it. We'll play it by ear. As Ross Puro used to say, we'll play it by ears. Here's a model in Miami, hello. Yeah. Yes sir. Let me tell you something. What those five sessions on the Supreme Court did Saturday is unacceptable, unconscionable. They stopped the hand count, which was the most extant. They stopped the hand job, yeah. The most equilux foolishness for this election. Okay. We were final find out who won the election. No, we would. No, we would. No, we would not. No, we would not have found out who will be election. No, we would not. No, we would not. By what standards? We would find what standards are the standards. They'll take two Tylenol and two mil-town-accombed-outs. Stop whining. Who do you want to hear people like that? I'm getting out of the system of the south of his voice. Not to mention the fact he makes no sense whatsoever. They're counting dimples in Brawl, but they're not counting dimples in Palm Beach. Let me say it again to you, Sir. No matter who you voted for, no matter who you're pulling it for, the fact is, this is not the way to hold a goddamn election. Don't you want to stand at sir? No, no, he's still talking probably. He's still whining. Your whining is getting on my nose, sir. You're hysterical. You're psychotic. I keep trying to tell you, there was no goddamn dimes with the difference between either one of these candidates, between the four of them. A playgun, both their houses. That's what I said before the election. And I got lured in a growing air and voting and thinking I was doing something worthwhile. And got sucked up into this whole damn thing. I'm just even two or two thousand four. I'm voting for him. Just before I get on the plane. I'm leaving my abs and tape balance. Here's a mobile and pop in, oh, hello. Got. You know? Yes, sir. There we go. Good. The fact that the rest of the country, they will vote normally. And the fact that the Florida, the incompetent stand here, just finding the decent mechanic is, is, is, is a miracle. Finding a real doctor, finding a real anything down here. It's almost like working for a needle in the haystack. Is it unbelievable? Is it an alliance that is cracks? It's good to get any glasses last week and make the lenses or, or, you know, how difficult it is to get anything done down here. Right, exactly. And the thing is when, when we're problems with that voting down here, we're all like, oh, yeah, you know, no surprise down here. The rest of the country is a poll. Yeah. It's unbelievable. I'm going to say it again. The entire state of New York with its 17 or 18 million people, whatever they got. They don't start. They don't close the post. If they put the post to a nine o'clock on election night, we closed it seven, most of the state. And yet, by midnight they had every vote counted. They're off finished, gone to sleep, and we didn't even have one vote in the discounted by midnight. Exactly. And someone had a good point, you know, they got the dollar machine for you put the dollar in, if it's a better read it. Right. Right. That's the back out, you know? No difficult. When it's out, spit it out. That's right. Well, nothing. I think you ought to put the Supreme Court hearing gone from last week and play it all day. You'll have people turning clean to me in the field. All right. OK. That's a good idea. I have a tape. They would know the difference we got to tape. Okay, stay tuned. See, is it real or is it memorable? Here's Ruth Bayley again, Ray. She left. She's on the same as he was last week. Yeah, she's on, like, she's sucking on a persimmon that Ruth Bayley against Brie. And we're supposed to be big fans of hers. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And this is Ruth Bayley again today. I really would rather have Kerala or Kano on there. I think we'd ever chant. People would look like they're going to chop his foot off. He's got the diabetes out of control. Eat it. 25 past 11. That's what was his problem. Every time he saw something fatening, that's what he'd do. Eat it. And now they're going to have to chop his foot off baby. Poor Kerala or Kano. What's he going to say about that? G's. Huh? What are you going to say? Or you're spooking an odd G's. How about an A's? Do you want to buy some of that for about four bucks a share? Oh, how about Z-Ox? I said market do is a matter of fact. Now, that's X-O-84. And the Dow, come on. You can do it. It's kind of thing there. We want to see this redneck fascist and the flora legislator and the Dow's up 40. See, I'm making money just sitting here. Even if I weren't talking and making money, the meter is running. Why don't we just do stuff? Those right wing fascists. I just like they got to wouldn't give them one of them to check after the election. That fascist from Philadelphia. 26 after 11 at 5. 50 WQM. The Neil Roger show. You've scored for you. 5. 60. You. Hey. And that would stick in the right half. Alright. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. Can't. And this. That to grow. That. That, But. 1150, those were probably all arguments of the Supreme Court you just said. Let's hear some more. Yeah. Oh no, you don't understand, Neil. This is very important. The future of the democracy hinges on holders. Yeah. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T. And Verizon wireless line. Here's Boeton Beach, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir? I agree with you about the candidates. I way back in the summertime, I was telling my friends that the two candidates are atrocious in terms of quality. Atrocious would be a compliment. I would agree. However, I do think there is a difference that should, that may be important. Yeah. And then I think it's coming through now. Who gets the will point? Okay, well, thank you. 560, have a little bit than two, that 50 million times already. Wow. See what I'm saying? This is Florida. And you got all these lifeless people out there. That's why this guy, he's still saying it. I just hung up on me. He's still saying it. What difference does it make? We already got a Heinrich Himmler on there. Is he cheap justice? We got here among gearing. We got to rule off his. What difference does it make? We've got Eva Brown, Eva Brown, Jr. And we've got risk-based against big. And of course, we got the, how come did I ever use that line before? How come that just dawned on me? The clearance Thomas on the Supreme Court is the token's fortune. He just said, okay. There we go. Hey, yeah, my name is France. I'm Eugene Thomas. Transhibition nominee for the Supreme Court. And you know, there's not some people who's out there to thank this guy. I just want you to let him out when I was in college. And they weren't everybody. Pinchoy. Maybe sing our sands, y'all. I know what I'm gonna be up. If they don't think I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court, yeah, I got the munch. Let's do this quick and get out of here. I want to get your straight. When I have to forgive him in the law, I don't just forgive the law. Tell y'all. I'll be token. And I'll token to the East. And I'll token to the West. And I'll token to the West. Look up there, the deal can't help this. I'll be token. That's so bad. Yeah. Okay, there's the token's fortune on the West Supreme Court. Clarence Thomas. 274 noon at 2am. They're speaking right now. They're hucking a chonic. Here's what'll be some of the start of the votes again. Oh. Oh. Yeah, let's start counting again. What do you say? Now, let me ask you this. Do you know how they had them separated in all those little boxes? They were like shoe boxes. They were cut off at the tops because they had to improvise. And they were marked drawer, bush, no vote, whatever. And I'm curious. Now, all the ones that they already went through like they did 4,000 of them in date. And how come nobody's talking about the fact that after 4,000 of them were counted in date that go and then bush actually picked up 42 votes in date. Come. Did you see that? You picked up 42 votes. He had gained 92 and grew a game 50 out of the first 4,000. But of course, being creative like they all have there being really, really smart, not like Plato, but being smart, they probably like you and Rob back together again. Here's Cooper City. Hello. Yeah, the little. Yes, sir. How you doing? OK. Listen, Neil. I just wanted to let you know that I'm so upset that this game court has decided to stop the hand count. Yeah. It's like for the first time in my life I realize that all those people who said over the years they listen to you, both have been counted. You're silly. And I'll try to convince them. Yeah. Yeah. Go out and vote. You know what? They will hate. Yeah. It doesn't count. All right. You know, voting is... It's a race. You know, there are so people who are going to... See, by getting us to vote, it's by forcing us to legitimize an illegitimate system. That's what they're doing. Right. And there's not democracy. I always thought that we really did have a democracy. No, we don't have a police station. We don't police station. They grab the money out of our pockets, whether we want to give it or not. And then they flush it down the toilet, roll it over for our friends and all their special work. And then we have nothing to say about it. You know, we've been here. We've got people starving, that's increasing that on a street to this country. And if we really did have democracy, the person with the most votes would win. Right. And the person with the most votes is not winning. He's just trying to count the votes down here. You know, history is going to remember the Republican Party as the party that defeated democracy. Because if they truly believe in democracy, they would say, hey, listen, our goal has most of the votes here. He has to... They're doing real good for a bottom and half there. Now you're like, the looking yourself again. Well, yeah, come back in the middle of the world, sir. Come on, come on, come on, come on. Have a great holiday. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I will not legitimize your illegitimate system ever again. Never, never, ever again. Although I will not get accepted like I said. I just lied. I will not get accepted in two years because I will vote against Jeb Bush. I do running Alfred E. Numan Jr against Jeb Bush. I go for Alfred five times. But other than that, I will never, ever. Here's our cool give, let's, hello. Hey Neil. Listen to this show the past few days. I was just thinking, bring back Grego. That's the solution. Yeah. Okay, great, thanks. Brilliant. 5, 6, 7, yeah. How's he doing? Still got the same number. Bring back Grego and all the other winners that people now have a nice day with Pita's weekend too, sir. I hope you come out on top. If you catch my drift. Here's a mobile in four miles, hello. Hey Neil, are we going? Okay. Well, we got to do all of the democratic evo. What are the strategies? These are still as girlfriends. These are still small to say. What is it, sir? We have to all register Republicans, so they leave us alone. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, how are you doing? Look, I would just think in the banks better get rid of their Republicans because those machines that count the money are very similar to those machines that count the votes and go with these dollar that they don't pick or dollars and what are they going to do? Just throw those off. I think you can. Okay, I said, when and out, spit it out. Trust me when I tell you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, 5, 60. On the AT&T and Verizon, I was not there's a great amount of uncertainty in again for the eight billion times. More is Roger Cossack. I mean, this is like a 24 hour nonstop show. It just never, never, ever ends. And they'll come on in the beginning of the order. Today, we got really special. We're going to have, I'll see Hastings out again. And we're going to have end of the same 15 people on every God damn network on every show, saying the same God damn things. Here's Pat Leahy again. Here's that Mark Racheco from Montana again for the eight billion times just in seven clock this morning. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, forget the election for a minute. I'm trying to make some money for you for the charity there. I have a small business. I'm a throwback from the WSUN days. I'm down here doing some work. Right. The graph cut, the cheeky hat and the website is teacet.net. And if anybody orders and mentions they're listening to this on IOD, now through person. No, no, no, no, no, no. I don't do. I'm sorry. That's why I was listening to you from. Yeah, you know, if they mentioned this from this radio station. Well, what is the 20 bucks? Well, so, no, here's the, here's the, I should have dumped the whole thing. Here's the guy that's probably talking his website, his doctor, whatever it is. And if anybody orders his teaky hat, whatever the hell that thing was, he'll donate 250 bucks. Can you believe it? Anything else you want? What station is listening to? So we're going to carry that audio. Five, six, so let's see what's on line three. Give him off of there, give him off, give him off, send him away. Go save somebody, go save a life, save the cop. Don't ever call me again, okay? You're killing me, you're killing this show, you're killing yourself, you're killing America. Go away, go away, don't go away, man. Go away, go away. Oh, when I looked down there and saw Dave the cow, it didn't use call like two days ago again. Yeah, that was amazing. I don't care where he is. I don't care the crappy business in our space if he's on your ring and screw it away. Dave the cop. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. 21 till noon at the time of sixty, double your voice and name it at station again. Five, six, three, two, eight out. I'm dreaming of the white neighbor just like the one I just know. Travel on these words shrimp and stars at rims. I'm dreaming of the two very long ago. Five, three, seven, five, eighty. With every thought you've tied on your mind. There your days be merry and bright. And may all your little new neighbor be one day. So Saturday morning we're watching this display going on up there in Hillsborough County and they're doing their using this software now from Dave County to separate the other boats in. I'm like some of the county didn't take the other boats in separate, originally and put them on other envelopes. They put them all together again. You see that? And so they're using this software and what it does is it puts the cards back in there. And when it comes across one that doesn't register the machine stops and they have to manually pull it out. Okay. And I said, you know, I'm really wondering what the deal is because if the Chads fell off any of the under-votes, whether we're just hanging before they weren't counted, now the machine is going to like push them on through. They're not counting them again, keep in mind, but they're going to push them on through. So the number of under-votes will be different than what they originally. And just as I finish saying that the woman, the supervisor of the election for Hillsborough, came on and said, oh, I want to announce all the people in the media and the people from both parties don't think it can be because I just want to alert you now that it will be probably a different number of under-votes because she explained just what I just said. Just what I had just said like seconds before. So the idea that this process was going to give us a real number. It has ludicrous is the whole, the whole way floated in the first place as is ludicrous is the idea that Bush won the state. But the horse was already out of the barn, see that was the problem. And I have people trying to rectify it with a totally unacceptable remedy. There was no acceptable because they could never come up with a right number. And this is what happens when you have paper, flicking, ballots and hanging Chads and pregnant Chads. And subjective votes and wished for votes. Oh yeah, I think that one looks pretty good. What is that? And that's good enough. This is somebody's idea of having a goddamn election. And like I said before, thank God it's not really that important. 560, 50, pound 560 on the 1810. I'm going to got 25,000 open lines here or wait on you. They're still talking here. They're talking 1230. So there's not a damn thing anybody's going to tell you. They can have a grid on there from now until health reasons over. And she's still not going to tell you a damn thing until it's over. And then they're going to play the tapes and you know what? And they're still not going to know anything. Because that was supposed to go back on pins and needles again. Like we were on Friday again. Am I going back in that mode? No. I'd rather go on the commode than back in that mode. Here's a mobile and forwarder deal. Hello. Yeah, I know. Yes sir. I think I might have the answer on how they can fix the technology. Not to see or in Florida, but all over the country. I know it's not practical, financially. If another put a terminal for everybody single person to vote him. But if they got some sort of a ticket reader, like when you give the story to see or ticket at the jet weight, and they hand it back to you. And that way if it doesn't go through, they make you go to the end of the line. You kind of cash out on your way out of the voting place. They have an instant number at the end of the voting day because it all get downloaded immediately. And that works wouldn't be stuck to having to pre-forca. We wouldn't have to do that. No, no, no, why do they have to do that? Well, we already had the technology with the touch screen. Whether what's wrong with that. Well, I'm just saying I think the touch screen is to have every voter use one of those. That might be too expensive to have one of those. Why? Why? Well, I'm just saying that if they cry poverty on being too technical for, uh, for uh, if it's supposed to be then important, then why can't we find the money? We find the money for everything else. I agree with you. I'm coming up with the, the second answer when they say they don't have the money. If we had one reader per station and everybody had to wait in line to check out. I say, I say, let him find the money and get it right. I, I'm, I'm with you, but I'm just, I'm going after the second, uh, the, uh, the report of, well, we don't have the money for the first. Let me say it again. Let's find the money and do it right. Yeah, I felt like a dog chasing his tail or anything for you. I'm pretty sure the few seconds are, the money is there. The money is there, okay. If we can find money, if we can find hundreds of millions of dollars to build empty arenas that nobody's going through for ball games, then we can certainly find a few billion dollars around the country so that we can have the latest technology to get it right. So then set it going through an embarrassment. A disgrace like this. And have all of these partisan political funds, these damn judges with their black robes, they can political decisions in the name of order supposed to be interpreting the law. It's that of that. Let's get it right. And let's get rid of the informal electoral college once and for all. It's not making excuses for it because it's not acceptable. In fact, that would be a great bumper sticker. States don't like presidents. People do. Yeah, what's wrong with that concept? Well, oh, I forgot it's on American. Here's for a lot of deal, huh? Yes, sir. I want you to help me with my thinking here. Okay, I'll try. I've often thought this Supreme Court was the biggest weakness in our system because they're not elected, they're appointed by partisan presidents. And they can take for life. They can, for life. Yes, and they can take any case they want. And what they can reject, any case they want, and they're the ultimate authority. Yeah. And so what we come down to now is a system like the Vatican has. The Pope points the bishop's and only the bishop's convoked. Uh-huh. That's the Vatican system. Yeah. Am I right or wrong about that? Yeah. In fact, I see some smoke coming out right now. Look at that. They're smoke pouring out of the chimney. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pirechorus. We all know what's making the smoke over there in the Vatican. That's not bad. It's not bad. Amen. He gets the real good stuff, the pre-most up. In fact, even an answer to that, somebody was telling me that. This last time I was over there, they said that they'd have better grade weed, but the Pope gets it all imported in the Vatican. Yeah. They got a bunch of little elves over there, wrapped in the off, shipping it off to the Vatican. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60. On the AT&T in Verizon and Marlese line. Here's the call from somewhere. Hello. Yeah? Yes, sir. Okay. This is more than candle. Just a moment. Yeah. Hey, you said your board is a selection stuff. I think it's historical. Just over the week and I thought three things that really made me laugh. Number one, you know that guy's Stuart Taylor, who's the correspondence for time or newsweek or something. He's really good. Yeah. First of all, he got thousands of people saying the only way to really resolve to count the votes. Stuart Taylor saying that in for our counting of obvious counting each county would take a stack of 100 votes. One county would find 25 votes in there. The other county would find four votes. Right. Alright. Secondly, to mind me how the week it goes said that if we counted all the over votes in the state of Florida, or would win by 23,000. Yeah. But if we just counted over votes under votes for out there, or would also win, then when the Florida Supreme Court said we should actually have the vote on Saturday, the hell would come down the front-page story Saturday. Yeah. The same bush is going to win. Right. So, I mean, they're just for a baloney. And then something I need to present. But at least another person though. Another funny moment on Sunday I need to present. The first time ever saw David Boyd's speechless was when Tim Rockford said to him, did you know that when they stopped counting the votes, he said that bush had picked up about 50 votes in day county. 42 yet. And he said that like, who knew that I hadn't heard that? Yeah. How can he not heard that? Russell had to tell me that three times. Yeah. What was his photoly dumbfounded? Yeah. But if you remember I called last week and I said that after they recounted the county that Gorgol only took up 150 votes. You remember I was telling you that? And then he said the reason being when they started recounning day county, they started with the lowest number of counties. Yeah. But let's not go through the whole thing again. Please. Please. Please. I won't say it. Okay. I'm making a list. When they start recounning day county from this point on bush's numbers going to keep going higher. So, if anybody that doesn't understand that you have to explain it to them. Okay. Okay. No, he said that the precinct numbers keep going to go higher and that they still ended it. So, I don't want to do a random thing. No. I want to say it like that. No, he was right. So, what's the point? But I mean, even he was closing in in other places in 25 Republican counties where picked up like whatever was 58 votes. It was very, very close. And they still refer in square and then adds to intimidate a lot of parties and keep them from voting and to squallify them from voting and get all those phone number only ballot applications in there. And they stare at it. And this is what people can't deal with. They shot stolen from their eyes. But it's too late now. You can't get it back. Don't you understand? It was stolen and there are no laws they're going to let you get it back. It's not going to happen. Or G. Well, it's way close. Maybe a few more who had voted like the poorly took one day last week. And I figured what the percentage was, but certainly nothing more percentage just from this audience. If those people were to go out there and vote it and they would have voted the same proportion that most of this audience was for that he would have won the guy, damn I wish the question did get him counted. But they probably would have thrown those out to him. Who never thrown them out? Yeah. Well, so I thought. See, in this guy he wanted to start. I mean, he's, he's right. He's got a very relevant point. He goes, let's talk to the but the problem is he wanted to repeat the whole thing again. Just now. I've said you're, you're endurance out there must be either you're a lot more bored than I am, with life. or your endurance must be your capacity for bulkrap must be far more than mine is, because I just I can't deal with any more of it. It's ridiculous. I'm afraid of it. It's through the Chris. Well, if the chance fell off during accounting, then the under votes are going to be a different number. They're going to be fewer under votes here. And what about when they go accounting and back in the machine again? Because she's maybe the war real though, because it'll vote if a chance fell off and must be the was a vote on there. Oh, well, we don't know. Let's get that statistician on there again. Let's put him on. In fact, let's put him up before the Supreme Court. I guarantee he'd craft his pants. Can you imagine them all running out of the G? What's that smell? All running out of the chamber? That guy who was like, that his head on his head is, it's, his chin on his hands is like sweating and squirming him. You know what I'm talking about? But then a credit statistician. 424 noon at 560 WQM. 1030. All the gifts to my disloved daughter. They don't let you get this in that store. But our holiday is really such a borough. That's a man's order. Wow! All we get to play is our daughter. They don't let you get this in that store. But our holiday is really such a borough. That's a man's order. It's so high for us to go shopping. We don't know when Hannah got your tapining. What is the date? Are we too late? You can all miss you, didn't though. Now, run! What are we supposed to do? Are you thinking things to get? Yes, we're the only pay hold there. All we get to is light is our daughter. They don't pinch you. Kids, they're sitting on the door. Our holiday is really such a borough. Nice, a man's order. Oh, we get to light is our daughter. They don't pinch you. Kids, they're sitting on the door. Our holiday is really such a borough. Nice, a man's order. From a one at five, six, the WCM got Hank and Chulos at two. We got Kimba Bocape, where Chulos at six. Everything that Chulos today looks like. Oh, that's nice. And the bills at the course, Monday night, football tonight, any care for the football game. Five, six, seven. We got 30 minutes to go. And then we'll be playing the... What do you laugh at about? Maybe I'll put it on, maybe I won't. Maybe we'll put on every other word. I won't hear Ruth Lillard again. She's the one that impresses me the most. Here's a call from Lakeland, hello. Yeah, you caught the 60 minutes about the Roman Catholic Church last night. No. Find a non-Roman Catholic Churches and then putting their directives into the hospitals. No. Yeah. The poor woman had had nine kids and she wanted to have her kids tied. And the hospital used to allow that. It's a very simple procedure. Roman Catholic Church brought her hospital no more to time. And it was in a very poor area. The next hospital was 50 miles away. And they said no. Sounds to me like it's time for some tubal litigation. It's a tubal matter. Yeah. But you know, I go on back to the dead county guy. I think she says smart. If he's trying to insinuate the Bushwood win with the under vote count, then what are they afraid of? No, no, that's not the point. But he does have a valid point that in dead county that the only we're talking about finding 600 votes that they were dreaming. Yeah. There's a pipe dream. Well, but then let's count them. And if a chat falls off, then it becomes what's called a lost vote. Well, it was yeah. And anyway, get it. It's a lot of big what's called a lost vote. Great. Like, lost in state. Uh-huh. And with the Bush nut, it given the given Bush a hard time, the snowboard, it given them a hard time about not having cable at his ranch. The less he knows the better. Very exactly. Bye. Okay. Well, if the less he knows the better in the safer we are, then we ought to be really safe. I feel so safe. 560560, pop of TLSG James Baker. That's what I said. Oh, my skin crawls when I see that son of a bitch. And you know, this every time he comes on, he's more mean spirited than the previous time. Yeah. Just, uh, ooh. Just can't wait to turn you into a lampshade. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line out of town line for the Atari Universe and this grudders on their go-and swing with. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. She's swinging it. 87775, 6245, that's our toll free number for the world. Yeah, Tom Zick and a stupid letter and is a, and a teeny book and a sunset last today. From somebody from Rochester, no less, some hick from Rochester who gives a song and an end to about, or there used to be such interesting local top programs out there and he's been here eight months and scoured the dial and can't find one. So Tom's responses, well, that's because companies like Clio Channel buy up all the stations and they've put a bunch of can't-to-cated shows on, etc. Tom feels to realize that what those so-called interesting talk programs when I would nickers and high-button shoes. That's what you failed to recognize Tom. And I know there are people out there saying, well, you know, Neil, if you would do like a more like you used to do a more serious intellectual show than you have better colors, I know I had to do a more serious intellectual show. That's not what I want. I want to have a little bit of fun here on the radio for hours every day. Give people a few labs. Help them survive for hours and is God for second place. And then I'm doing a service. I'm doing a real public service then. And so if we have to suffer over the fact we got a lot of more ons out there who liked here bodily sound, that's just the way it goes. That's what I can do about it. I listen to the colors on those other shows, including Georgia's girlfriend. I listen to those colors. Oh my God. She's got the, you know, the old people I was screaming about last week that I don't want to talk with their grandparents or the ones that call her. Oh my God. I can't even, wow. Oh my son on it. Hello Andy. It's so right. You did so. Hey, you did. Yeah. Oh, man. Oh, I still do respect him for returning the cock's people to blow it up the ranch. I'll never forget that. Nice girl, Randy. That's right. She had the big pair. She had a big fat pill of balls and she told him to. Because you know, the she knew they were screaming over. And they were. And she was one of the few people I've ever encountered in this business who just besides me, who told me to stick away the moon don't shine. Have a nice day, Randy. Here's a mobile and watch, then, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I do, man. Okay. Hey, Neil, I got an idea for you. What do we have the next election? Have the candidates go through the Supreme Court. They can ask him about your questions and they can decide for us. There, that's a good idea. And then we save all these money. And I tell you one thing, whichever one brings a good weed to Clarence Thomas, that's the one it's going to get in, make them a stick about. Ha! And then that would be a good word. Five, six, seven, all-fought, maybe that's what she's in. She's maybe she's smoking a little on the back with the Clarence too, huh? Oh, I still think it's on, but she's sucking on a person. Five, six, seven, all-five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and broken, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. On that, you hear you say you want a show from the left because the best lab always stands for the most serious intellectual issues. Yeah. Two points, number one. You get it right from the election for a moment. I think. One of those issues that's known the most time to this country is a lack of term limits in Congress. I think the farm in fathers and fathers for people to go to the Congress for two years, where they were brought to his lawyers, barbers, even partial hosts. And then go home. Yeah. What we have now is icons of power. Career power. It's a whole time building. Corruption. Building next to a power that is correct. Right. Corruption. Empires. Right. Now, second point. Just like college football coaches, same thing. Teams and you're out. That's right. Now, the flutter order. Wouldn't you be more tempted to buy the flutter order? You found out that a number of years or a friend of yours, one, 20, 30, 40, 50, $50, you're still having an innocent dollar half-experience of millions telling us to buy the flutter order? Right. Thank you. And let me know when you win. Thank you. OK. You're welcome. Yeah. Why can we have a lot more winners instead of people all this pie in the sky? Why don't we do that? In fact, let's have a lot of me. Let's have a special like that. Whether they call that power ball thing. Why can't we do that? Raise the money they have like real voting machines. With touch guard. She and she's the only one that supervisor there in the Hillsborough County. I got to hear her recorded. She said, this is the last time we're doing this. We're going to be installing the brand new technology. We'll need touch guard, the new touch screens, and that's it. And have real elections. Now, for a bunch of those pickers up there in Tampa, which is Hillsborough County, if they can do it, then how come they're going to be down here? And I'm going to tell them, why are the reasons that we can't do it down here? Oh, God. Because we got an asshole like David Lee, he is the supervisor of the commission's elections supervisor in date. And you know what they say about him? He's an asshole. Did you see him up there in Tallahassee? He was there. And they were asking them different questions about the, where the day votes were being analyzed. You said, is it all, I was allowed to be involved in that. I was, he was just standing around there pretending that he was somehow looking after our best interests. Or is I now, which is a interest? This is the problem because you got in of course, who the hell wants that? Oh, look at this. I just put them in my pen and the bug for what I got. I didn't think. Jesus Christ. You know, I think these bugs came from when he brought me my paycheck this morning. I think they're from the Beesley Bank account. They flew out of the envelope. Yeah, they flew out of the envelope. That's where they all came from. 560, 0560, pound 560. I don't want to say that Beesley's are cheaper, but God, or that Greg Reed is for a crap, or that he's cheap, or thanks for the dollar for plant-paradone Greg, you prick. 960, 0560, WQF. The Neal Roster Show, sports radio, 560, QAK. Fuck you, George. There's no need to fear. Lee under votes are here. It's a valley called the way from Pobby County, a front-day number here in Cunderway, but that where once a recount of the un-serbolo. Oh, what? Un-serbolo. Un-serbolo. Five, the people, there's a couple of the count. The ones that didn't pull cut, there's a pun. Un-serbolo. Un-serbolo. From the 50, I was five, 60, WQF. Did I mention about Terry Murray, he's an asshole. And that's stupid, Dr. Col. Dave, Oh, David Ginny, on his another one. He's an asshole. Also, what a suck, much of suckles we got on this town. That's what enables a lot of people, I turn where to keep their jobs. He won a long since, have a raise their hand and said, should I be fired by now? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mobile in Miami. Going runs. Going twice. And I was going to let that call on the side where they were shooting the thing at 12.30 or not. But they're gone. Here's a mobile in store, hello. Aye, me off. Yes, sir. I think that Linda Greenhouse this morning. She's the cop-ma-coma, the cop-ma-sacala, the court, all year round. Not just doing stuff like this. Yeah. She's been a really interesting point, I think, that nobody saw it about. Here it is. If it goes far before, did they exactly the way most people think it will? It's just over the very very first time in history, where the Supreme Court justice, who he's slurring in a new president, was directly responsible, one on one, for putting him in there. And behind him, he's going to have eight Supreme Court justices. Who are just absolutely indisegreemative for the way this thing should come out. Further, the Supreme Court justice is going to be, in effect, helping the point or a new conservative to the court. By virtue of his, what he's doing today, if he goes that way. Yeah. That's kind of indisegreive, actually. Yeah. I mean, disgusting, that is your thing. Yeah. Okay, I mean, do a lot of practice with that army, that arm up in there, that 45 degree angle practice makes perfect. Yeah, you got it. Okay. But I see how. 5605056 on the 1810 for rising wireless lines. This Scalia, man, this guy, what a, what a, what a, oh, God, he's an answer. Another one. God, there's like an epidemic of this going around. 5605056 on the 1810 and Verizon wireless lines. Here's a mobile inform order, Dale. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. How are you doing? Okay. Listen, I've heard you sat there since there for 12 years. Calling people like Scalia and Wayne was faster. And I'm, probably, like, most of the, like, most of the obvious. It's the back of the last thing. Yeah, that means sure about funny guy. But I'm going to tell you something. How to work. Leah put this opinion. I mean, I, if I was aware of my seat, though, when I was driving on the road, I, I, I, I, I, I found the ranch to relate. You know, I still can't believe what he's basically saying that, Oh, wow, George W's going to be in there. No matter what the rubbish they're going to buy out for you. No, you're getting it. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I'm, I get to get all the young Neil's to talk his part of his shit or whatever it is, but I really can't. And, and, and then, I'll Sunday morning, the, uh, fucking heads of our carolation life, rank with my things. Well, he's the most in favor of you might be a, uh, he might be a swing better, so I'll say, yes, still stage right. And I'm sitting there. Yeah, I'll write you how you can do it. Yeah, he's going in it, yeah. Okay, listen, and I'll put up with the schedule thing on. This is probably your time, not mine. What was the rationalization of not, oh, oh, having term limits for president? What was the rationalization for him? Well, why did Congress amend the constitution thing of the, of the president? There is no rationalization. They just didn't want, uh, and they didn't even want an emperor. Yeah, but if people want to, I don't know how he don't, don't, I'll, you with me, I'm not the one that decided that. I'm just telling you what the rationalization was. Okay, so what if they get out of two thirds of Congress of two or men to come to? Yes, not going to happen. Not going to happen. All right, go back to a wall. Okay, calm down. Little hyper, you know, every time he calls, I thought, we're more than he's not going to make a thing to go. Just calm down a little bit. Just knock it down a couple of, and that's his. Five, six, five, six, seven. I feel wrong that I bought myself today, you know, that's one thing about this year, after I talked to people every day for four hours, I feel so much better than I saw in my life and I whole outlook on everything. What do you get no, why are we wired about? What's the, what's not, it's not that big of a deal pal, just a year going to look at those boots. Better come out of your hip. Now let's see, which side of the bar, where are we going to be on all that trend? Okay, let's go to a Miami lake, so no. Yes, sir. You know what, I can't see what everybody's frightened about. I mean, think about it. If poor winds, you get him. I mean, if you look at it, either one of them seems shmit. Right. I'm going to make a difference. Smells pretty much the same. But two different flavors of forts. Exactly. Right. I'll tell you, since we can't figure out who really wanted to let's hit. We ought to have that well-feet or be present, huh? He's a secret in there. Yeah, I know what he smells like. Yeah, he can. That was an eight or four, if I ever smell the one. Wow. He can sneak right in. He can sneak in the back door. So, from what I'm hearing, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18th. Now, see, ordinarily, we could play, um, yeah, why is she there? Nobody doesn't. Okay, where are we going? Here's a market. Hello. Yeah, good afternoon, there. Yes, sir. You know, this is a good thing. We need a good slap in the face to wake us up. You're getting it. And we're getting what we deserve. This last call, to a certain degree I agree with him. The real problem is we don't have anybody of quality running for president or need a son. Why not? We don't demand. There must not be enough gratin anymore. We don't demand it. You know, we're sitting back, you know, the economy's doing well. Everybody's doing fairly well. So, nobody really cares. Nobody gets involved. And then, when somebody in social, all we go get up and arms. You got nobody blame for ourselves. Uh, we, this, this is, this election. We'll need to drive the election. We'll need to drive the election. I'm going to tell you who I blame. I blame the Democratic Party and I blame the Republican Party. That's who I blame. I blame the two major parties because they both suck. They both put forward the, the shows, the political hacks that they want to put up there. So they can get everything that they want out of them. And the rest of us, we have no choice. No, but we say it's all right. No, we're, well, the only choices we got are during the primaries. And you tell me the last time somebody good rendering the primaries. And please don't tell me John McCain. I mean, what was the last time he did the party at a real qualified great candidate in the primaries? Uh, so you like looking to run up in my lifetime. Exactly. But the changes will have to come from the grassroots. You know, no question about it. Okay. Well, listen, I hear they're going to have a, going to have a reunion at the Gulf Stream this week in the grassroots. They're going to be doing their midnight confessions. Love the grassroots. Don't you? Great. Absolutely. One of my favorite groups, the grassroots ladies and gentlemen. Yeah, let's have Gulf Stream back, let's bring back some more to us. 50s and 60s rock groups, they're bringing the people out there. Oh, yeah. How about Jerry Puckett? Yeah, if you don't like the election, just say Puckett, that's what I say. Five, six, eight. How about those baseball players? How about like, Oh, me, just give up. Yeah, they're going to, I think baseball ought to be disbanded right now. Just shut it down. Shut it down right now. Not just the marlins all of it. 20 million a year. And Alex, is that enough? That's not enough. How about 25? How about 40? How about 100 million a year? How about 100 million a pitch? Every time I swing the by $50 million, what do you say? Okay, here you go. Crazy people, just crazy, crazy, crazy, craziness, and there's just no end of it. It just doesn't stop. And we're supposed to be feeling sorry for these people. You see, you're seeing greed destroy the entire fabric of American society. It's being destroyed by GRWD. And think I got my check in my pocket this morning. Well, I shouldn't be any greedy in anybody else. I can't all be humble like you're working for four bucks an hour. And all the family will be able to get border. Yeah, I'll tell you what thing. I'm going to get my blood test done. Okay, so now that God damn bug, start up a pitch. But anyway, and then after my blood work, I'm going to come on. We're going to start eating in here again. As long as it doesn't get my stuff, because now that I'm taking that, what am I taking? Whatever that stuff is, begins with a p. Like prick, begins with a p. But anyway, I don't have my eye jewelry work and a propisher. And although we do have hair growing inside my chest. Here's a mobile and time of time to talk. Deal. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. I'm on time. No talk to. I just want to find out I'm depressed. But do you depressed about it? When is this all going to end? Exactly. Let's get an overload. Don't you agree? You would end. I mean, my God. It's nothing but a pissing batch between these lawyers. Scored, scored, right? Yeah, it is. I mean, it's unbelievable. This goes on in every dog on channel. You're on. It's the bush lawyers and the gory lawyers. And I'm going to the Supreme Court. Right. I mean, it's ridiculous. Run for president, please. Okay. All right. Thanks, Dale. Okay. It's a matter of fact, the attorneys. This is David Freakin' Boys, who's probably, he's all finished with it. Yeah. John. The Germany's German kid. John. Bam with your name. John, on the non-in. That's the thing we'll paint. German uses a couple. That's a boy. The name is John. His boy. What's the matter? Come on. Come on. To be the new ever thought about about all those haters. I'm the key. Come up in the boys' minds. When you just talk, be there. Come up in the boys' minds. What's the matter? The guy. Who's the one? Who's the one? What? Who's the one? Yeah. I'm a woman. You can take no. Hey, that's a treat. Hey, you can just go to the police. I'm a woman. I'm a woman. I'm a woman. Anyway, yeah, him is a great group. There's a lot of great groups over there, but you won't see them here. Maybe I'll actually bring you a video tape since I went out and spent a lot of money for a better VCR that plays both the... Remember the moment we got from your hand up there? Not a good one. Peace out. Well, wasn't his fault. It was an Emerson. Emerson is a drug. But I got a better one yesterday and they've picked you in the sound. The audio is just phenomenal. Tremendous. Anyway, who that is made? Is anybody out there care? No. They don't know the pal system from the... What's the one that we use? In sack? I beg your pardon. Like a sack of crap, which is what there's a whole analogument to that ended seven minutes. Look out. Here's a mobile and Wellington. Hello. In the O. Yes sir. First time call or phone. What phone be? All right. I just heard the radio on. I don't know if you went off the show. But National Airlines? Yeah, they're going to... Filing for a bank of... I don't know what they're on. I don't know what they're on. I was on the flight last night. That pull off the runway right before take off. It went off the runway. Right. So it goes off if we heard a real loud bang. Just before we got to take off. And the captain came on and said it was a blown tire. That they're going to toast back in. They're going to fix it. But don't worry that they call the fucks promise. Just to be on the safe side. Turn now. There's an engine blown. And they said that there'll not be another plane in about two hours from Washington. They get to Vegas. Then they come on out and let us say that was canceled. But they have 10 hotel rooms for 180 people. And everyone else will have to find their own hotel room. They'll reimburse you. So they won't go out at 11 o'clock in the night in the middle of Miami. To find your own hotel room. And wait for them to reimburse you. Do they have your direction to overtime? Exactly. So some people waited and I just said, get me home. And I'm home. But that was it. Thank you. It was like I said, I've never going to be flying them again. All right. Have a good day. Okay. So there you go. Some of you did a good job to be going on a fillet. Some Democrats raised the arms Monday because two sons of US Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia worked for law firms connected to the case. John Scalia accepted a position with a mommy based firm Greenberg Trauer kind of under seven Greenberg Trauer. They're the attorneys for Iowa do what they. I think I'm pretty sure. The next day, Barry Richard, the partner in the firm setting was called about representing Bush and Florida. A second son in Eugene Scalia is a partner in the Washington office of Gibson Dunn and Crutcher, the firm representing Bush and the Supreme Court, argument he's not involved in the case. How do you like that, huh? A little bit of a conflict. The police should be worried about that because that's the American. Exactly. Well, I got that finger working quick for that. I'm pretty impressed for an old Jew. What I'm assuming of old Jews, how's that pull coming? Who are the cheapest people in the world? Well, that's our pull today. We're trying to take some pull to get you people away from this presidential crap to get you geared into like the New Year and the holidays and feeling better about life instead of getting all the press and mired in this crap to the media tell you, you ought to be mired in. I'm sick of it. Who are the cheapest people in the world? Cubans Jews are French Canadians. Cubans only 19 out of 226. Jews 68. But French Canadians are hundred 39. Hands down, baby. Robbs. We hate you French Canadians. Now, the maybe some who are nice people have a Mediterranean, have a Mediterranean French Canadian but yet I've seen some blue photos but never like aWelcome to the frog. Now I'm trying to think. So what we're going to do is we're going to have all French Canadians come line up up on here, out in the parking lot in a couple of days or set it all up. But essentially and the ones that I think can stay the other day and the ones who have to leave. Bye-bye. looking French Canadian. No. No. Although I saw some good looking people in France, but that was not in Quebec. Maybe they said all the ugly words to take a look at that. Come like the Chinese people. How come line I want to go into it? Not seriously. There's like, how come the Japanese people, most of them, another see that's bad. That's a trouble thing to say. But most of the Japanese people I've seen are particularly a grotesque looking and that Chinese people are, well, I don't know. Maybe they just seem bad looking jack. Maybe they were too close to where the Russian car was. Oh, young, it's too young. Yeah. Thanks to her, we also have the film is always great to lie. She's the one that makes the sky all for a season every night. And you're about to lie. Holy Holy, with a 30 double decide. Mercer pizza tight. She gives us young guys, quite a ride. Prof. D. Wattiff five, 60 QM. We're getting our blood man David from where. Give him a little plug on here. I'll see ever green pesky troll. I'll see Hastings. I'll see every green pesky troll. He's going to come into a clock and they said leave him some bug carcasses, but I can't do it because I'm not getting any. I'm usually pretty good at swatting them, but these are too fast. Plus I'm trying to avoid breaking any equipment in a process. So thank you very much in advance for coming in and doing what our management ought to be doing, but these cheap pasted interior, oh, life and more and again. Here's the fact from Kara who says I see that the panthers are going to be the Florida, not the panthers. The arena is going to be hosting the 2003 Austro weekend, which is correct. So what says here says you think we'll have a team by then, well, that's what I said on Friday. I'm a coach he's still here in the general manager. He's still here and David Janiel and Michael Russo, the both still writing the same propaganda, the same crap pedal to them by the organization. And he still lose every goddamn game. And what can I tell you? There's great on here saying here. Yeah. What? Now that was good. David Sutter. Kennedy. Yeah, huh. So I thought I would get another one. That was pretty good. Nice going. Nice talk ups. So we got the 90 minute audio tape at the hearing coming up. Any second. We'll play like little bits and pieces of it like that. 567.0560. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. The NASDAQs up 87 points. What can be wrong with that? And what about the whole speaker that now? I know what I forgot to talk about today. I'm at the game Saturday. And here's this guy. Remember I mentioned before the guy that's hustlingly trying to pedal me from Solomon Smith, Barney or whatever? And this guy, I'm sitting there. My own business. Couple of nice people who come by and settle always always. And I'm watching the warm-up before the game. And this guy comes by. Hey, whoa, have it hurt from me yet. You're not going to hear from me. Don't you understand the answer is no, they don't want to be hustle for my money because any time somebody starts coming along and he's going on and pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop. And on and on, this guy's the expert. And he's going to make me all of this money. And then we finally, after I, and he said goodbye about 15 different times, you know, while those guys that can never leave and you think he's leaving all and also by the way, what about the team and the other I said well, I said, how come Terry Maristory? Oh, yeah, but he's got such a great hockey mind. Now, here's the same guy that wants me to invest my life savings with him. And he's told me about Terry Maristory's got a great hockey mind. The answer is, oh, and leave me our lawn and stop hustling me at the hockey games, okay? God, there's nothing worse than a high pressure sales holder. There was nothing in the world worse. Here's a more, and he's friends with those people who sit in front of me to want to stand up in front of me all the time. Here's the mobile and sunrise, hello. How you doing Neil? All right. Well, I just wanted to give my point on the election here. Yeah, I know. And if it was going to be fixed to begin with, we could have leaked made a little more interesting. Yeah. I mean, maybe he should have hired a couple of writers from a soap opera or something. Okay, great. Five, five, five, what you getting the chance for is about he had a point there. I have no idea what it was, but he had it. And everybody's trying to say is it's boring. And he's right. He's got a goddamn point. It's boring. Just like this Frank says no one here who says on that. Yeah, time magazine my ass. Life you asked with the Frankie McNichart, you've got a tension exploding baloney, hypocrit. Here's a call from Jamesville, how? Hello, Neil. Yes. How are you Neil? Okay. I'm in the middle of studying for exams. I'm taking a little break and I guess the fact that I called can't beat that good or me. Yeah. That's what I keep on saying. I was, I'm anyway, yeah. I got this direct. I got direct TV in my apartment. Excellent. And I was turned on the thing and I do it a hockey thing because we have the, you know, we had the NFL ticket. We have the basketball stuff. The important stuff, right, just like I do. Exactly right. So I turn on I see a game. Predators at wild. So what the hell is this? Is this like that new football league? Yeah, this is these are the 80s and 80s, first teams that came and leaked this year, right? Who the hell are the Minnesota wild? The wild. Now the Minnesota North Star didn't make it. Right. So they had to move the Dallas. And the Atlanta, the Atlanta flames didn't make it. So they who had the Atlanta trash came back last year, right? Do you know this is your remains away of making the NFL strong? Is all the places where they failed before? Like I think when a pack is going to have another team and Quebec's going to have another team pretty soon and then we get another one and Cleveland all the places that have failed will give another shot. I heard they're going to have a team and so playing in centerizing. I heard they're going to have another team playing in date County. That's true. Sure. And they're going to have one in Palm Beach. Oh, hey. The block is going to have another arena and another team. Also on the VCR stuff, the Europeans use the PAL and we use NTS. NTSC, that's right. Yeah. And Hind and you have a PAL video VCR now? Yeah, I have one that's those both ways if I can say that. That's great. That's great because I did a lot of stuff from Europe a lot of videos from England and stuff. And if I put a Peter North video on here, he goes both ways, which is pretty making it spread of his denials. And you'll give it like iron shaft? No, that's what George is deal. Yeah. Joie, Ella's great. It's tremendous. Okay. You have to watch it and make the, and make anything in anything for you thought about it. It's wonderful. Okay. And can I have a request? Sure. About the match game song. You got it. Thank you. As they say it'll pull off as I can do it. Like the match game thing, huh? Now that's not what that's called. It was a Oh, really? What? I don't think so. It's called Jeans Blank. Oh yeah. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey . Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey man. Hey. Hey. Hey bro. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. Hey. for three hundred bucks People generally neck the they I think that five hundred all our questions was people generally taken crap from their lecture or there were no or is there a religious is lip Oh my god, and you wonder what's wrong with this country like we can't hold a real election for 300 bucks men generally go to their sideburns on their year 24-1-5-60 how they come over to all the audio tape there look at that they're racing 55 seconds of I just yeah and there's David Boyz who said nice song The Neil Roger show sports radio 5-60 You a half if it's free it's me I believe poor as well as the rich women and men alike citizens of every race Creed and color all are equal they are equal that is so long as all of their votes choose me If the people do not in the end choose me I would then commit to contest this inaccurate and incomplete count in order to ensure they choose me This is from America Recount after recount God bless America Hey man 16 to one at five 60 David Boyz just say David Boyz Yeah Five said look at us almost everybody's gone you wanted to watch because they all went off to here They got the in tape some place all the not paying the pay We're all leaving up there and they're bullying him like there's more bugs flying around on the board here They're building the Republicans they were well That's enough for democratic crowd out there. Well, that's okay. You brought some of the blue of blue you back like they said in Godfather Huh, they hit us I don't want to hear them those assholes up there screaming carrying on like uh, and not only that But it's like a Monday in the middle of the day don't those people up there work? No have a right though The professional ocean of provocative tourmas what they are they're still a play all the auto take expected within two minutes. There goes that pressure again Just too much pressure too many audio tapes too many then court decisions too much a crap 560 5060 pound five 60 on the AT&T for $6 million what color is rigus his tie Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah, sure We're gonna have do something about these two parties we got the Democrats are Republicans they stink. Yeah, hey, man you can smell it I mean the only solution that third party you need more competition. Yeah So neither was right after all. No, they do was hold a clap Come on, you know There was a clap. Later's a crusty old fart. He's a fossil and you know it We need a third he's not yet but he's not it. Sir. He's not it. He ain't it Later was right my ass and I'll say it again if we're for those 98,000 of you more ones in Florida who voted for about later We wouldn't have to go through all of this crap We wouldn't have had to have I guess I think this is a good lawsuit speaking of lawyers I think all of voters should be so one for like emotional playing with that. I don't know what they call that Distress intentional and fortunate of crap is what it is something like that. Oh, here we go Yeah 5605050 there's that fascist William Wrenkost he's got his hip boots on he's got his guy damn with It's the SS the US S Supreme Court is what it is right now and if you think you want to hear that here You're wrong Okay, where we gone here's Miami. Hello, I know yes sir. How are you? Okay? They always gonna be glorious 16 years at least 18 years for Oh George you then a for More for Jeff a maybe Oh, yeah, we're gonna put a old George in for Yeah 5605050 pound five 60 and your Guide Bearer started to hang down below your ass, okay, sir people are starting to talk Pond five 60 on the AT&T Verizon wireless line Here's Miami legs hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Hi. How you doing? Okay. Yeah, with the system We got here in this country if eight off into was still alive he could be president. Uh-huh. I think he's just about to get back in Yeah, well, you know what I think you should run next time. Okay 567. Oh 560 pound five 60 also explicitly referred to here's a mobile and Hollywood a second-alance call Oh, yes, sir. The oh, yes. How are you? Okay? You're in good form Friday You mentioned that Joe Leaveem and who you really and you leave her, of course Well, they're chiggered a work pile. Yeah. What does that mean? I never heard that expression before? What does it mean to have to draw you a diagram? I can imagine you thought it struck out like a sore thumb there you go Did he cost the election? Yeah, yes absolutely no question about it In summary, could you please play George Land over all of us over the air? No five six seven 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T level Okay, we'll try to make it till two o'clock. It won't be easy because the whole audience since he didn't care about me They don't care about this program. Yeah, I've been around for a long time. I'll be here tomorrow They can hear me anytime Making gutter will sound they can hear this anytime But there's an important crack going on right now Do you assess Supreme Court is about to steal the election and they want to hear the anal arguments as if it's gonna make a difference If it constitutes specifically best of the yeah best this Here's a mobile and North Miami. Hello Hey, now first on car a long time. What's there? Yes, sir comment on Right now the last thing will lose me with the governor of Montana. It seems to me Is just hanging out and basically posture himself yeah for nothing but the 2004 He's making me sick what do you mean for the 2004? He's gonna be the secretary of the fence All that yeah, that's a good correction. You're right. Yeah Just like the secretary of bush up there where there's eyelashes. He's gonna be the ambassador to arrest two or more of it How she wants to be? Be a lizard 560 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line out of town line is open of course over there And what's coast where they got that the stupid show on from whom the one they can't hear us anyway But I'll give them a but anyway, it'll kill some good time while Ted Olsen is pontificating and said radio Connor was saying Sir, correct. Yeah 877 785 6245 there's another bitch for you ever see her and Eva Brown together. Oh now same person Here's a mobile in jippeter. Hello Yes, or post on color have been listened to you forever. We're originally a Miami native Kind of proud of that not proud of what kind of story. How to getting out? Yeah My question day. It's kind of an interesting one How do Canadians qualify for our medicare system? I'd like to know because I know an awful lot of Canadians It collects our healthcare insurance. That does bother me is as health care is very Excentsive for a lot of young people that picked up the top on a lot of these old gomers. Yeah I have a big problem with the Canadians getting our healthcare system our medicare system. Yeah, and I know 12 people from Canada that are entitled to our medicine or something One one. No, what? It's not like he said that about four times just not 560 pound 560 on it. We've had an epidemic of that today. Have many people repeating the same thing over an urban urban over an urban over again to the point where it's coming out of your back-to-year man So what do you see? Pierced plantation, huh? Yes, you see, sir. Eight live on Saturday night. No, I saw some clips from yesterday. There was great the best W push it in their play with a ball. You're in look like a little kitty guy. Yeah, was the best and That chick from up north. She looked like a young young with her little eyes closed and just thought I'd throw that in. Okay Okay, I say let's all like them. That's like the people from Saturday night live and get them up there At least will be having a good time and if you last as opposed to these two bulls those are San Bernardi I Was good There you go. That's the US S Supreme Court the best you could do like that Maybe Olson said open rides weed. I mean, that's what he just said. Maybe that was probably clearance promise of that Here's a mobile and high all year. Hello. Hey, yeah, yes Man, all I got to be people is take your salary member with her acts doing the U.S. A very And a democratic Stop is really working the way supposed to be we got to thank God for that. Yeah Obviously, you No, we're not being on any other country and they'd be a pretty proud of it 56070560 There's not a brainwash Yahoo and Halea. I mean a real idiot Get sucked in. Oh, is it this great that this is the way the process is the most is this the way the process is the post the That a bunch of fancies judging the supposed to work the goddamn president. I haven't think that was the right way to most the work sir I'll take it a rock stock. They would be proud of what school one on right now They'd be clicking their boots together. They'd be so proud Here's my me beach hello Hey, yeah, sir I think you got stuck in because of holding five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18T and Verizon wireless line Here's a mobile and delray beach hello Hey, yep, yes, sir. Hey, yeah, I'm just trying to navigate through this see your shoppers and delray beach I just want to get you spin on something Do you think that this situation happened in any other state? Let's say California Texas New York for this situation with the votes Do you think there will be going through the same type of a mess? What's it spin on that? I have no what's my Take my spin I don't know because it didn't happen in the other state. I don't know I know the way that I see it it would certainly it would certainly appear to me that the other 49 states have got their act together I have a lot better because we're not going through all of this Yeah, I don't know because you know it seems to me that every other election has been You know such a landslide for the past couple of elections, but but one or two little votes didn't make a difference But now You know with the situation where it's down to I don't know 100 and some odd votes This is where it did make a difference and the fact of the matter is whether we're embarrassed about or not This is the place where we can't get it done right no matter what it is I've ever said that no matter what it is We don't know how to do it right I guess the right fact lot so least at least when I like everybody else Yeah, I have a thing this will stand out there in the middle I'm like everybody else that knows how to get their crap done right then knows how to do auto inspection right and it was how to hold an election right and it made another guy damn things Not I That was just this young past even he's supposed to be one of the good guys along with that neat thing against Yeah, oh my god. She's she's on the Supreme Court that that will prune And maybe that's what she does in her spare time. She sucks to pit that a prune Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Meal. Yes, sir. I'm glad I can't feel your vote out you found it. No, K. He said it's good. Goodman right now the lady in the light to a left of bush He canceled my vote out Have a great life That's as close to bushes you ever gonna get sweetheart Here's a mobile in Fort Latterdale. Hello Yeah, milk. Can we get a little levity in regards to the panthers and your Friend's very much there is no levity in regard to the panthers. So there's no levity Just give me some you know something to hold onto your position like what? You're from calling you for you're at the game. What do you see they suck? A little more specific I didn't see me can hold on to see if you got good aim 56050560 Pound 560 on the AT&T There's another one of those fans would a lot to say he was hit the games you guys they said not always looking to me for your reaction Put them on a bus okay both Murray boys put them on a bus I come home after their 8000 consecutive loss Saturday night stayed right a little bit around. I'm in the car listing of the post game Comments by the coach and somebody asking about how spailers plan all or he's plan and he's told us about how gritty's playing is playing fine And at that point I knew that there was absolutely no hope this man eating watching the same games were watching We must have like 600 rows bugs in here just even that or just one answer pretty active. He's out wound up Maybe it's a bush bug Yeah, that's how that's how bad it's getting with the these the right wingers thing nothing room bug now They're all in a goddamn place 256 at 560 W to kill him and I've wondered for a long time about how they ever had the people working in that building on Sheridan Street These people like I told you before I've watched his slums Greg Reid and the beesleys They don't give a crap if all the people are here working from how to work out of a dumpster They say hey listen we're paying you that's the best we can do just though you're job and shut up Oh This is then rather reporting for the CBS or can now confirm that a man Charge with counting ballots has been cost eating Chairs The man has been removed but his counting duties and will be undergoing Psychiatric evaluation More details tonight on the CBS evening news But now this is then rather reported One For the standard should be low or because earlier in the process that's thrown out the window Yeah, throw this throw him out the window 560 560 pump 560 on the AT&T line it's a big one It's too out. We got hang from Schuels at two money that's for Paul tonight after Kim the bull camper of also from Schuels Where have they much of stuff going on? Let's go to a mobile and as a matter of fact speaking just one more note on the Panthers We do have the 2003 all-star game. We'll see some real players in here then But I'm looking at the schedule Terry I'm looking at the schedule for the next foreseeable futures matter of fact and the only game that I see that they may have a chance to what is on the 29th of the month against ball and Boston's in town maybe But between and now you got three Six seven eight other games. I don't think they have a child in chance winning any one of those games. I could be wrong, but we'll see Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Well, now yes, sir. I wanted to Express myself. I think that the reason that Core roster election is not because of leave movement. I think it's because of what it what happened with a Ealy on Yeah Thank you, Paul. Somehow he would approach for Ealy on display. He did He did he said that he thought it should be settled in family court. He was going he separated himself and Clinton didn't do them a bit ago Didn't get him one vote. So you absolutely positively I hate to break the news to want to mention all people like you sir, but the world like it doesn't revolve around Ealy on around the causes of the green tooth or tubans down there in Olovana. That's not what the world hinges on Sir, I hate to break that news to you. If core had been part of the human chain they still Weaver already human chains. She get it right to him and Shane 560505050 Now maybe if Lebermo had been down there wearing the Yashmoth on his head instead of uh Spencer If he would have been one and he went to hurry and mosses the tombstone there and was hock at a Chinatik and suck it up to dead to any good. Oh no No The fact is that those people down there are politically incorrect and always will be don't confuse them with the facts And if the cross guard just will use the little less mace Here's a mobile and Fort Latterdale. Hello Don't ever leave it alone, will you? No, just can't stop with the alien crap ever But don't let me ask you this though. Everything every single day isn't sometimes in the cross you might at least want to They that you hope that alien is enjoying a happy meal Absolutely don't put it anytime you say that it makes me laugh my butt off. Yeah, anyway I was almost at a point of apathy with this old extra thing but last night MSNBC played a Like someone about a biography on George W. Yeah, and and Any Normal person I would have watched that would have said there's no absolutely no way I will ever vote for that man I did not I did I only heard from a rumor that he didn't know who the president the check He was right and when they played that interview You know the deer in the headlights kind of look Uh-huh. It was just unbelievable and then he had to fall to ask him well, do you know who it is? And the guy said well, I'm not the one giving the interview Yeah, I'm not about learning I'm not the one writing for president right exactly exactly and then he asked him about A print somewhere he goes yeah, he's gonna stabilize here. He goes well. Do you know the guy's name? Then again the deer in the headlights look It's essentially a meeting that Republicans could vote for somebody as stupid as he is And then a minute out the hall like which he admitted on the year or anything It's the abortion too. Oh, yeah, well, that's why they're both on just because he says it's okay not to kill babies No vote form it doesn't matter anyway I'm disgusted and Republicans often go to hell. Okay He didn't he didn't catch my drift with your abortion well. He'll find out when it all comes out which it will 560560 p.m. 5060 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line On a West Coast we're back on a year or whatever on 770 they can hear us are they gonna be calling us this Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, we pay for it. 877 785 6245 Let's hear from some of those groupers over there in a West Coast come on you can do it Here's a mobile in Jensen Beach, hello Yeah, I knew yes, sir. Yeah, big fan of the show first time calling all right Just a question for you do we have any indication of what it's cost enough for them to go through this for Gordest field the election For Gordest field election. Yeah for the taxpayers well how much is cost enough for him in scale of the selection? How is it that he's stealing the election? Well, he lost. Yeah Well, thanks for the ending and all up for us. We won't have to spend anymore. He lost See what an I tell you last week. It's the alternative game Put put the group of people on the fence to use the only election even on the bush people of course have stolen the election And have been trying to wrap it up for weeks now they stand well we're here to let's wrap it up now like in a six inning I'll tell you one thing so across the hell of all less than a seventy million dollars that it costs for penis gate I hell of a lot less than that Here's a mobile in the top of no Anyhow you're doing okay. Love you show. Yes, sir. Listen just a thought come me What you think Terry Murray an alternate job could be a funeral director Uh-huh But this pants. There's look like a bunch of corpus this Saturday. No, he looks like that if you just watching behind a bench You have a game even if they're winning he looks the same funeral director be perfect You know, I wonder and I was at a good of many games. What section are you in? Because I don't I'm looking for you I don't know where you're at one or one All right, I'll look for your next game. Okay. Thanks buddy. Yeah. Well, well thankfully. Oh, I'm so glad we got a week off from all of that We got a whole week off from the panties from all of this stuff from all of these things and there you when they come back chrome People have like a new general manager in new post You know players Well, we got the all star game here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hello, yes, sir. New is me. This sounds like you. Okay. No We're not okay with anything. Why we can it's ridiculous already, but if the next time I vote if it's the same Chad Crap going on, you know, I kind of be really ridiculous for us We really got to come through now and change this whole system somewhere and others so that You know, you can find out who the winner is with a couple of hours of sort of a couple of hours of month right Punna no more punch by a balance man no more punch cards. Yeah, screw them balance. Okay, sure when it does punch him out Another thing if we have a national holiday election there, which it must happen. It's got to happen Which they really do in civilized countries Then we don't have to have all the per wicked workers be over the age of a hundred well all the retirees I've donated their time. Yeah, no more 110 euro poor workers please It meant it's after one at five sixty W every Q and now poor George was there without a cigar on Saturday when he's done a bill Sitals because of the fact that Frank keeps stealing our goods cigars from next so George with down there with no story He'd go knock it on the door for place where he thought was a real cigar shop Not an intermediary delivery guy that brought them up the last time. Yeah, he's gonna go again. Oh good Good because that Frank down our shows department is nothing but a common thief and incompetent at a piece of dirt But anyway, Chamonbebe, come play with these titties Don't have to wreck you if they pay yeah We I believe I'll nail human. I'll have human emotions. Unlike George W. If we did not. Well he's a king and a party yet. I can't visit the apise. Turn it worse to mush that George Bush keeps the hero to me. Well he wants it out to count him. Because he's in the same good. He's fried and breaking on the party train. We're better wacky and we're cheap. Oh, who's who? Talk to me like you. Oh, who's who? Oh, what got you? Talk got you. Oh, hey George Bush. All you need is a man of touch. And you could be a leader too. One 13 at five, 60 W to QO. I mean, I'll stop that I just. I could be wrong. I've been wrong 15,000 times during this whole mess in November, 7. But only with people who keep thinking, oh, we got it. We got it. We got it. We got it. And then all of a sudden they kind of start kind of the boats again. And like, oh, we don't have it. And then this green court said, oh, stop counting. Oh, we got it again. And like right now, what they're having these anal arguments, what these are playing the audio tapes, the arguments are over. And they're probably thinking, no, we got it again. Because we got to clean. We got all these faces. And I said, I've just had some kind of an inspiration in system. I think that they're going to get either Kennedy or O'Connor. All he was one. I just turned it around five before the other way. I think they're going to be counting again. Huh? I think you can count on it. Well, I don't know. I just, I could be wrong. I say it's good we could be. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60. And what about those sideburns, Regis? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Are you here? Yes. How are you doing today, then? Okay. Can we go voting it? Let's go to a Hollywood. Hollywood. Hello. Yes, I am. No, just go on the 30th by the great side. I saw coming off from vacation on the Palm Beach, County Lion in 27th. Uh-huh. Welcome, win. Okay, did. Okay, great. Okay. Now they're good now. Okay, we got two of these left and then we'll start getting that Christmas music on. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hey, where's the going to the lead? Right. Alright, that's how you all want to tell you. They're just came back for that ugly game with that local. It's really sick. But the people out there are really good political things out there. You're right now. Who gives a clap anymore, really? You know what I say? I just want to keep in touch with you all. You know, it's nice talking to you again. I'm glad to be back in Miami. Okay. I'm sorry. I'm glad to be back in Miami. Well, that's just a lot about your life. Okay, thank you. Five things out of the left. Two calls left at the board. Look at that. They're all listening to these audio things. They want to hear this. They don't think it's critical. That's stuff. I don't either. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six. Five, six, five, six. We just don't have enough people still listening to make it to you. They want to clock. So I have to play music. Because I'm not going to sit here in pontific. I'm not going to do that. They just don't hear enough of a sender very best. They have no material at all. But I think they're going to be counting again. I've started tomorrow. I have that feeling. I could be wrong. But wrong. Many, many times, you're just like showing up this morning or what was paid. Here's South Miami. Hello. There's a five in the coach. Yeah. Great. Okay. That's it. That takes here. But she wants things. I noticed. And of course, one of these little pot of actors out there on the farm. I mean, that's that that's goes with the third toy. But one thing I've noticed in watching the TV coverage is that the least they're consistent. You know, it's like when a barber boxer was up there trying to speak on Saturday in telehancy and they're probably going to be shouting or down and screaming in the morning on anyone in this jackass from on panels up there, Mr. Republican, the Secretary of Defense, doesn't happen the other way around. Mean spirit hostile. Which, at least, is that reflection of what their party has become. Mean spirit and hostile. And hateful. So at least thanks for packaging it honestly anyway. Conservative. What is it compassionate hate? Is that what it's all about? Yeah. Here's a mobile and popular beach, hello. How are you doing here? Okay. Yeah, just call it. Let's you know, while I did a vote for George Bush, I must say one thing that what's happening though, it goes beyond who should be the president. It's really a matter of counting all those out. And, you know, while I did a vote for Bush, I do believe there should be a recount and complete manual recount how to stay the floor. I just want to let you know that. Okay. Have a good day. Complete manual recount. How they're going to do that. Are they really going to be able to do that? No, no, no. Whatever. Whatever. Just keep counting account until they come up with some number. That's the Supreme Court likes to grow likes to Bush likes to James Baker likes that I like. Here's a low-brain Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hi there. Yes sir. Don't just don't get it up caring guy. Just a one comment, I gotta say. When everyone stops saying they don't care anymore. That's when the problem is really strong. I don't care. I couldn't give a crap lesson this boy. I agree. I agree at the beginning. I really do. But don't stop caring. Hi there. No sir. Let me say it again. I don't care. You've got two terrible candidates. You've got two parties. We've got the country down. And I don't care. It's not what there is. There is never going to be a way to get an accurate count. I said that weeks ago. We'll never know who will be a homony vote you really had in this state. Agreed. But don't stop caring. Okay. Say it again. You can keep saying it from now until health reasons over. I don't care. In fact, the more you say it, I don't care. In fact, let me put it to your very clearly. Sir, so maybe that you will care all the way down it. If I can get to that thing up in here. I don't give a sh** anymore. There you go. Thanks. Thanks Chris. He just doesn't want to accept it. He thinks that if he says it's 63,000 times, I'm still going to care. I don't give a flying crap. I don't give a flying crap. I don't give a flying crap. I don't give a flying crap. I don't give a flying crap. It's like a comfy dumpy. So off the wall. And you could stay in the one that I'm going to argue for now until health falls over. How to put it back together? We can't do it. To say what this election, we screwed it up. We don't know how to do an election right here in a state of Florida. It's irrepably harmed. There was no way to put it back together in a way that we'll really ever have the honest that could have pictured. I don't give a crap. How many recounts they do now? It's beyond that point. You can't do it. What an embarrassment. What a joke. And yet you people refuse to accept that. Because you're so damn obsessed with your partisanship. You refuse to see the whole goddamn jet before it's going to change. That's the problem. It's a mess. It's a typical fool that God then mother f. And mess is what it is. And you think by getting a bunch of silly old people sitting around, holding a punch cards up and looking to looking for the light blinded by the light. Whatever the hell they're doing, you think we're going to figure it out. Right. Here's Palm Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I have a few points that you have the time and patience for me. Number one. And listening to... Hey, maybe. Scholars from Miami, the Cuban Americans, I guess. 560560, Palm 560, on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. The college from Miami, the Cuban Americans. So take your goddamn digotry and stick away inside your black O'Nes. You blew those jackass up there in Palm Beach. And I hate to break the news here. We got two bussload of the shfartes that I go over to Palm Beach today, whether you like it or not. How do you like that? Just a piss you off. So that movie, don't know. And there are some of them from Cuba, just just to add salt in your room. How do you like that? You've figured peace of crap. You have not just scumbag. And you were the ones up there. Don't buy must on here. It seems to me that you are the ones up there in Palm Beach. You're the ones that didn't know how to vote. All you look, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Why do you keep the vinyl of that on that line? Topless. For you to vote. There's a lady mobile in Palm Beach, hello? Hello? Yes, ma'am. Hi. First of all, I have to tell you, you're lucky to have an apartment in Amsterdam. Yeah. My husband and I go there every set to ever we love it. Yes, I am. And by the way, my husband's European, and I have to tell all those people out there that think that we're not so over here. But you're a peon, you think George Bush sucks. Yeah. They don't want them in there. Well, you know what that, but Europeans are better educated than Americans. So what is that said? Exactly. Exactly. But also this is doing one thing. It's, you know, in two years, the republicans are going to be out of there. So it's unified, everybody else. And you're, you're common about the people that vote for Bush cracks me up to about the Bible, something people loving, track, drive in, whatever. Those people that voted for Bush, they're either re-tired or, I don't know what, I don't know what their thinking. Well, you've heard all across today. So, you know, he's a good idea of what's out there. And then my husband, too, since he's European, he's like, what's the deal? Well, with the people that are votein' for Bush, you know, these, these incess victims in Appalachia or whatever. You know, all the retards, all the uneducated, heopeles are votein' for Bush. Yeah. And all the people in the rest of the United States that are a little bit tolerant and a little bit educated voted for Gore. Yeah. I would be embarrassed to say I was a republican. I'd be in person, so I was American. Exactly. Okay. See you in the damwreck. Thanks. I'm going to turn on the tram. 5605-2105-660-560 on the eight. Mean spirited hostile bigoted. That's what the republican party has become. And those of you who are probably a part of that, uh, taste a little, that's all I can say. Well, we're going to get toast here. Just like they were doing at the wreckstag. Or I just love the way that sounds. Don't you? I love it. Like the Kaiser Haft. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. I just wanted to say I voted for Gore, but since I've come to think that these are of the back presidential nominations, like a better president and a president or the presidential council. Gore had made us a wisdom or courage to use what I said to go over him for scampons. Uh-huh. And you're, I mean, he would act as a president. I mean, we're going to have the president here. I'd like to add some of that. Yeah. Yeah. Well, he didn't want to hear any more those bubble micees. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hi Neil. Long time first time. Okay. Are you aware of a situation where we could actually have? Bush and Libra been not going to happen sir yeah it's been discussed it's old news not going to be good yeah well I just was wondering there I want to like can I go I think how do you think James Baker would like that I Bush would leave a man sitting there what a smoth on his head he'd probably still were one and they call us and the pace and the whole deal this the pistols are going on no you can't sir five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty this I haven't had it this much across the day this should tell you anybody here it was in town from out of town if you're listening to show believe me may think it's pretty painful but this is what Florida's all about you're hearing it this is exactly the reflection this program as you'll ever get what the state of Florida's all about our middle name is and that's why we don't know how to hold on the election right here's a mobile and pepper pine hello yeah I know I long time first time people saying and clean yourself and kind of disappoint in this but saying that you don't care that is out there I don't care how they're supported anybody is I'm just giving you my honest opinion I feel make you happy oh gee what are we going to do you know I'll get all worked up I don't care here I make a point the Supreme Court is why I care if you take a look at the makeup of the Supreme Court yeah it's horrible I mean it's all one sided basically three of these Supreme Court nominees are Reaganites but the one that really really bothers me is the long hand of the all-man Bush yeah with the deciding vote clearance Thomas yeah that really disturbs me okay that's number one number two could get this in is that I think it's a perfect group we live in a police state anyways so what they're doesn't matter okay also Mr. Scalia the renowned supposedly the intellect makes this statement the counting of votes doesn't this is a when he shut down the voting he said the counting of votes in my opinion threatens if we're parable harm to the petitioner which is Mr. Bush you know why it causes irreparable harm because he'd lose the god darn election right if he allows the recounting that's like an admission that if we count all the votes you yeah yeah okay yeah yeah and and like I said I don't give a clap the five six seven or five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t and Verizon wireless lines see all of you people with no line of course Florida's famous for people with no lives that's our motto down here so if you want to get yourself all whipped up into some kind of an apoplectic frenzy you might guess but you can only keep squeezing it so wrong then you have to find some else the squeeze trust me believe me even Bob Dolan was that twenty six after one at five sixty wqi m you're what he just said truth that must have been clear it's Thomas there huh he said are you too many again the real Roger show sports radio five sixty two eight to We can't fight you, but she is just a subit. We're looking all over, can it still ain't here? Hey, Trudgy, join your major round, chief. Oh, I knew I'd made it so by now that you did fall fast to a rubbish college kid, a cooking party, so... and you got a picture of his action of drug. I know which bitch I knew, you been hired with, just, to get some A Jack's flim, and the bitch has gone to the first Jew. Yeah, Trude Pouch, join your major round, chief. Yeah. Sheriff, Trudgy, join my major round, chief. Trudgy, join your major round, chief. What the hell happened? Trudgy, join your major round, chief. Trudgy, join my major round, chief. All right. Torn falt op necklace. I'll set herself right. Torn, join here in my major round, chief. I'll set myself right just to get to extremes There's a lot of these right wingers out there that you know we're giving them such a tough time steering direction. They just want to steal it really easy and walk off into the sun. Hey, we got it. Yeah, let's go on the ranch and have a big barbecue. Stop for the existing order. Yeah, but we're making a lot of the tougher than they expected and they don't be like in that. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the clear AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a mobile-incoracid and hello. It's a little encoracid. Going once. Going twice. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I'm here and I'm here. Hey, I'm here. And I'm here. And he's ready to go there. And you're ready to go up in the back. Turn that radio on. There's what we got here. We got the get-bushed. Go to drop down and drop down. Flip a cord for the other two. All right, but I. Okay, but not. But. Closeton. Have we been in Closeton? Have we been to there? I have. I have. Believe me. Go real fast. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a mobile-in-four-water deal. Hello. Okay. Here's a mobile-in-C-Bring. Hello. How you doing? Okay. I'm a listener and a person of color. I live in Jacksonville. I was just visiting the area. I'm so sorry. Well, yeah. I'm just wondering what are they doing the election people in this area to prevent all the idiots from messing up the election next time? What do you mean? What do you mean in this area? You had 28,000 votes throughout in Duval County. Well, they were under votes. No. Under votes in Over votes. 29,000. Well, I'm afraid. I'm afraid it wasn't a bunch of blue hairs running out talking about voted permits to vote for all gross ads. No they would. Then who was it? Yet 5,000 under votes per year and a total of 29,000, which means you had 24,000 people voted for more than one. Well, I mean, that's a mistake. But I mean, I mean, that's a mistake. Well, what do you mean that's a mistake? That's a statement of a mistake. 24,000? I understand what you're saying. But nobody gets crying. the blues in Duball County. Sure they are. Like they were climbing the blues, like the blue hairs were climbing the ground. Down here. So what's your point, you're what you're trying to say? The people in Palm Beach are dumber than people in the Duball. Palm Beach, Brow and Anne May. No, we didn't have the problem, Brow. Brow wrapped it all up in no time at all. Once they started counting, they wrapped that whole thing up in a bar where we were actually here, you go. Well, it's been really good. Welcome back again now, you hear? 560, 750, 550, palm five, 60 on the 18. Nothing worse than some cracker from Duball County coming down here and give us a lecture when they had 28 or 29,000 overvotes and undervotes and underpants. Just head back up to Hershey Highway Pal and no comeback anytime soon. Here's Coral Gable. So, I'll also refer you to. I just want to go have you take on the election. I voted that on the crowd. You want to have my take on the election? Yes. What does that mean? Just want to ask your question regarding things having different. We know that made her with a big part of the, you know, he was one of the chiggers in the wood pile right. Correct. Now, my, my premises is, what would have happened is, for Gore had selected, uh, how do you do it? Yeah, in the south. We've got a one. He would have won. That's what I mean. I mean, buffalo Bob Smith, Rreston P. I mean, I don't know. Because he's a, because he's a stupid man, because he's got bad advice, because he went a crappy campaignster and thank you for reminding us of that again. It's true. Eight years of great prosperity, record unemployment, all these good things go on. People have it a great time of things. And we have to be counten votes and chads and who's scraped a ballot and who scraped Anthony Scalier to try to get in there. Sure, it's easy to despise James Baker and these right wing for our business and bush people. But the fact of the matter where's the democratic party it was theirs to lose and he lost it. He flushed it right down the toilet. Pick in jewelry, Roman. Running a crappy campaign, not parade and bubble around there in the, at least at least an Arkansas antenna C, where he only lost by 3% in both states. But to try to get anybody to be the least objective about this is almost impossible. If all these historically partisan people as if either party is so great or as if either candidate is so great. And I'm going to say for the young team time, it's just a question of which one is the least dangerous, which is a hell of a sad thing to have to say when you're talking about picking a president and taking which political parties are the new police damage to you. Here's Cape Coral. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Okay, sir. You listen. I was listening earlier this morning and I go to the floor, but that's not what I was going to talk about. Here's what we're good at in Florida. We're good at giving a $126 tickets for doing two miles over the 11th. Yeah. We're just coming in your backyard cutting down your citrus tree. Yeah. We're going to give a 90 year old guy whose license is to the, right. He's on. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. I want you to do this weekend. He says, well, I went through the gun show. Thank you. I'm a guy with. Five, six, seven, all five, 60 pound, five, 60 on it. And don't forget the early bird dinners. We're going to close to at least. So he used to be before the old people put all those plays out of business like Pumpkinics by stealing the silver in the sweet and low and stuff on all those pickles in their goddamn bag in their sack. I hope you have good aim. Some of your folks have their, They're hoping to set the pickles in a wrong bag because oh man They would straight off. Oh, god nothing worse than a brown deal 560 70560 pound 560 on a AT&T And Verizon wireless line. I think you leave him and said that makes it on kosher if you do that All the pun on who's taxes in the bag I guess he wants to be the same got for us in the arcade and pasties in the g-string up here. I'll do it All right This is the year that I'm gonna get smart. Yeah The holiday friends he has already started Think you're ever gonna see my face and not proud And push it in the shark and don't think so The  Don't delay the F-weight jump online. Not on your life, will I budget each day of a... No, I don't have to hit a phone, they are over! I can click the mouse and hear the sign. So that's on your night. 141 is 560WQM here. We're pretty disappointed, we expected you to come on and be waving a banner and I'll piss off about the Supreme Court thing in this. Anthony and Scully and his fans just will guess what to bet. There are a lot of things that life you can fake. But this ain't one of them. I just don't care, I'm sick of it, I'm tired, I'm indated with it already, it's terminal, It does its time to end it, it's time to move on. With important things as soon as we find out what those are, like vacations. Here's a mobile in candle, hello. Yes sir. Thank you. I voted for Bush, but at this point in the election, if I was Bush running for President's... I just go ahead and give it to Gore, because it was such a close call. The Board of Voting was so screwed up, I wouldn't feel confident sitting there as President. I won it by a landslide, or I just give it off, and you know, look like the better man. Well, they both look best for it to me. But you know, it's funny, because just think about the other states that has screwed up in the badly and the balancing, but maybe only Florida was brought to light. And how many years this has been going on, you know? But I think the machine is the best way to do it, because the machine is not biased. Machine, computer man, computer man, computer man, you're first, you're close to polls at a certain time, you're in a clock at a clock, you're press a button, that automatically locks out anybody from voting wasn't in line in time to vote. And here's the totals, and that's it, and then we move on. May not be a problem. But again, where are the retirement time broke up, but too bad. And Neil, what about if they just mixed Florida and count all the other states for President? Well, the legislature is not going to let that happen, but you can go check out why you think they're so frantic. Hey, one more thing, Neil. I'm looking up with the T.S. for the first time today, and I'm looking forward to it. That's always been a fantasy of mine. A T F, the transaction, a lot of no, if you've ever been with one, but I'm going to give that a shot today. I've always wanted to try. Okay, give it a shot, pal. Good luck. Scored score, give it a shot. With a trans sexual, I see I never understood that, but then again, there's some people are so desperate. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. CT S, to me, always meant something else like tough. Here's a mobile info, not a deal, hello. Yes, sir. I just wanted to know what do you think about, I was kind of disappointed. I'm going to forget. Yeah. But, um, you know, it seemed to address any of the issues, and like you didn't want to attack Bush, or he was scared to say anything. That's right, he pushed he footed around, and he pushed he footed around, he dropped the ball. You got it. Is that, for me, it's like he blew the whole election. I mean, he set up there and said he's not angry. I mean, I've all these people behind you who's angry and fail. And don't forget, I don't forget the way you're living and pushing footed around is debate with Cheney there. I mean, made him seem like a good guy. That was pathetic. Exactly. I'm asking for half for you to go. What do you think the GOP has so much that they want to implement that they're willing to, I mean, I mean, like you said, it's clear as they, that the basically Bush is saying, hey, let's not do the recount, you know, because I lost. So what do you think is they have, obviously, so much that they're willing to even go on the white house? What do you mean by that? They had to take it away from me years ago. They wanted back. It took somebody came along and took away your best, you know, partizia game or whatever, or somebody's a bill, they wanted back. They want to play with it for a while. Right? Just like when Roy came in, you remember that? Because I did like bill, though, and then screw in said I wanted back. Five more heaven scene here in a Cruan's age, you know, wow. No wonder I didn't say to good mood. Oh, we shouldn't say hi to her for me though, not the QM Christmas party. Yeah, give her a big kiss on the lip. Which one? Whatever one you like, although, man, you must have a stronger stomach than I do. 560, pound 560 on the end. And all the other people I don't speak to around here, like the water, not tea. And how many of, and of course, you're going to drink your ass on her. My old friend. Your best friend, Gary Sarner. He's saving me a spot. Now let me ask you, is the food going to be kosher if they're close to me for all your night? Where is the Christmas? Where is the dilemma? It's going to be a, to preach you as we used to run tays. Yeah. Now you're starting to sound as gracious as default. Right, sir. Where's the wanted? I know. I'll get paranoid. So that's not going to be kosher. How can you eat there? That's free. It's a free, super seed kosher. Also, not going to get back to our poor, who's the cheapest. Gary Sarner. We should put his name on there too, as opposed to the other Jews. Who are the cheapest people? The French Canadians, however, need to, Jews want out to in the Cubans only 23. The Cubans didn't belong, and I was Cuban, though, known for being cheap. But you just had that one bad side of it. So I figured I'd put it on there, because I gave the Cubanators a chance to, you know, get some of their ventum out of their system. Nothing worse that happened too much. Penteum, penteum. That's what our friends at Intel. Oh, buy some intel, by the way. I bought a bunch of that. Just when everybody was saying, oh, look at that Neobot Motorola and Intel. This one they both had warnings. You know what? They're both doing great. So with both hands. Why the market doing the down so only 17 up, but most of us don't care about the Dow. We care about that tectric, which is an index up 75 points right now, as I speak. We have to listen, our sentiment comes out in a few hours after bush gets in there. The market's going to go soaring through the top, because all the pharmaceutical companies and all the people that are polluting the environment, the world companies, all the grey robbers, they want bush big time. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, sir. I just want you to pass them, do you think that we do have DJ? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, the hell with that kid's screwy right. And I hope they're ready for when this hit like I come really good. These are the bandals we're doing over the butt. Yeah. All right. You thought up there in the 60 minutes when the interview was going? Yeah. And how that loaded was trying to rub a hole in the grill. See my grill is a bear, but he was a criminal. Just go on. Just go on. The backyard and pack his egg bush that man. And one more thing. Yes, sir. The George Gordon, still you in when you were on vacation. He talked to them about some guy that came over his house. What's up, Jimmy? Some drug dealer? Some other guy. He came here. That was on the ground. Okay. Thanks. What's got came over your house? One of my friends brought over his girlfriend brought over a bigoted psychopath. That was a terrible. Oh, she brought over. My friends, girlfriend brought over a bigoted sack of crap. A white trash piece of crap. You know, one on for like 10 minutes, but I'm looking to bore you now. And he's all the best line that he had after ripping niggas and spicks for about an hour. What about how these Germans have the best medical care in the world because they experimented on live people? That's what that's what Justice Scalia said. Look at that. Oh, he just got through saying that just a second ago. This is 560 QAS. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 560's. You a half. There is no Christmas in the silly middle. No. No trees, no snow, no Santa Claus. They have different religious faiths. They believe in Muhammad and not in our holiday. And so every December, I go to the middle east. Bye. Hey, there Mr. Muzzle. Merry fucking Christmas. Put down that book the car in and hear some holiday wishes. In case you haven't noticed, she just said birthday. So get off your heat and my for a map and fucking sell them right. There is no holiday season in the I've heard. They don't hang up their stockings and that is just absurd. They never read a Christmas story. They've got all this about. And that is why in December, I'll go to India and shine. Hi there Mr. Hinduist. Merry Christmas. Great technology. Some people pass the views on the end. Take a seat. Have it. And see if it's birthday. Now I heard that in Japan, everyone just lives in San Francisco. They face several dogs and put needles in their skin on the San Francisco. All they do is eat a cake. And that is why go to Japan and walk around and. Bye. Hi there Mr. Shinto. Merry Christmas. God is going to kick her out. They can't be having noticed. They're best to take to do. So it's always nice for Jesus. I'm Christmas Day. I travel around the world and say. Now it's Christmas. It's not your APS2. Merry Christmas. So yeah. It's 155 at 56WC. I will say at the risk of having you think that I really care about because any more works I don't. But I did listen to about the minute to of this anal argument that they're playing the audio tapes out of on seeing it. And the idea that the super you are Supreme Court is saying they're asking a lot of hanging chairs and interfering. These are the state's rights people, baby. The state's rights people. They're setting up their and of course, the way to Bush people. I ask you about the internal affairs of a state election. And how votes were counted and how votes were not counted. Do they have any business being involved in this whatsoever? No, of course not. But it's your good way to wrap it up. Here's North Miami. Hello. Okay sir. Real quick. After they when they started counting the ballot Saturday, I was very happy when they stopped it. I said, I'm tired of this crap. You mentioned 60 minutes and you missed. Are you didn't talk about the most horrendous story they had on their last night. The Roman. If you. Now how to call about. I didn't see it. The Roman Catholic church is going on all the poor neighborhoods around the country. And they're going to be a church. Yeah. And then not allowing any type of. Belomatory rights or well, those are the right. There was a lady that had nine children. Nine children. She might have been a Mexican descent on that short. Yeah. She needed to get a total of the nation so she couldn't get pregnant again. Yeah. The closest nearest hospital after that was over 35 miles away. It was the the ugliest. Well, at least they're consistent. The greatest dispensaries of human suffering, misery and ignorance. All over the globe is the Catholic church. And they're consistent. I mentioned last week somebody fast me a great two pay Jericho, but we were in poor old only. Lyshen crap about the fact that it looked like they were going to ease up their restrictions on kinds of receptors. And they said, no, guess what? The answer is no. You know, I tell you one thing, the the pill that they brought over is probably the best thing that's going to happen there. It's as far as the abortion issue. Yeah. I think that's going to be the best that. And you even watched all 60 minutes. They had one more thing there on all of a thing. I saw that segment, but I didn't see the thing on the chair. And I was thinking about you. When you talk about your start market to you involved in any of that. Absolutely not. I have no dot com. Well, you know what? You know, I've been listening to you for years. I wish you to not put a dime in the stock market. I wish you to just stuck in a bank somewhere. You too had a great life when you retire. Me too. We'll we'll survive all of the whole cracker. Thanks a lot. Yeah, we'll make it through a while away. The other. That's only money. That's what Mitch Hirsch always says. I don't really money. 560 pound five. What's just this rent quest saying how many do you think? How many do you think? How many do you think? How many do you think? Yeah. There you go. Just just rent quest. Stuff them all up your ass. All nine of them.