The Sports Reading 5-6 of the WGQAM Miami Sports Waterdale presents a video The Sports Reading 5-6 of the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, the WGQAM, and the WGQAM, the WGQAM, If you leave them round, you got a tiny new farm, and you lost this farm and it threw me there for me all the time. And if you do, I will repeat, and pay for those old people. You say, always well, and I will go to hell, it's all up to technically up with you. Now you can pay attention, and we have to go round. So, you'll be paid for the old people round. You can get them and they'll be locked. You never even have a chance to unlock the new building. Every small spring in charge, then a modern criminal may see the mine. Now, as you can catch the ball, we'll run with the ball regret the murder, and be all right. As long as they can feel the bleach in the light, it's still out some days, Dean. The little tears, you catch the baby call, and they'll make the money in the land that's like you in the wind. You'll be paid for the old people round. You'll be able to rent for the old people round. Be near their land they'll count. Be near their grave the chance they'll land. Be near their grave the phone. Be near their grave the phone. Hello to it, 560WQM, happy. This overhead is pretty loaded there. I just mentioned that in passing, nothing I want to start getting picky right off the God damn bet. Right from the get goes, they say, and I lied yesterday. I did watch that ball game last night. How do you like that? Well, it turned out to be a fantastic game. I hate to say this to you, FSU fans, but Virginia Tech, I'm going to tell you a little bit of luck here near a little bounce the other way. They would have kicked their ass last night. They were unbelievable. It was personally that kid Michael Vick, sign him up baby, Michael Vick. Haven't I been seeing how long the dolphins need an athletic young black quarterback? Is that what I always been saying? Yeah. Sign him up baby, before it's too late. So anyway, here's a shocking thing. Thank you, Fat Boy, by the way, Fat Boy was modeling in here this morning. And did something very constructive. He pointed out in the, I had the apiece here by Josie Lambe from the Sun Sentinel, but I was more interested in the thing about the Jennifer Lopez crashing to Big Bash there in New Year's Eve that disgusting bitch and about Ricky Martin getting up in the morning at a day. Isn't it the article, but the rumor has it that it was spending New Year's Eve at the Appool at the Versace, you mentioned with his boyfriend. But nevertheless, well, maybe just some acquaintance, not a boyfriend. Some bunk buddy. But anyway, he emerged the next morning with a Swedish blonde hairdo. Now with a, that would have Swedish blonde. Oh, what a Swedish blonde hairdo. That's right. He's dying over there. And nobody said it to party. That's the one we didn't look at. And he's dying it over there. And it's here too. But anyway, in the same article, too close for comfort. This is the best. Howard Sheriff, Ken Jenny won't have far to go to keep an eye on the sex business and some of his deputies. How about next door? A sex supermarket just opened its doors at the corner of Broward Boulevard and Northwest 25th Avenue. One small block east of Sheriff's office headquarters, one, a short block east of the BS. Oh, we get at least 10 deputies a day, ultimate adult video owner Peter Passed. They're among our best clients. Some of them come in and uniform. Some of them come in uniform. Court's court got a show up. They got big laundry bill for that. And in their patrol cars, usually they're big on sex toys, condoms and videos. Sex toys, how do you like that? I wonder what Lisa Campbell would think about. Remember Lisa Campbell? Hey, baby. I'm going to use you as a sex toy. And what a wide choice they have. The 4,500 square foot places and inventory of 25,000 adult items, including 6,000 videos per cell and 6,000 per rent. It's at the corner of Broward Boulevard in Northwest 25th Avenue, by the way. Not that I want to get more free plug. I want to get more free plug. Why the hell not? It's good enough for the BS to be going in there and shopping. It must have a big selection. Probably about this big. I wouldn't be surprised if they're looking for a big black one. And it'll go too. So it says, how does it share if we try to make a name for myself by going after private text comes feel about the store? The man won't talk to the insider, but Jenny spokeswoman Cheryl Stocknick said, the share feels that if people conduct it this legally, they have the right to exist. Pass me while I gave the share for ringing endorsement. I know about the right in the sex clubs. You said, that didn't make me nervous to set up. Here I support attempts to cut down a prostitution and illegal nudity. Nothing like that goes on here. I'd be like that. Now prostitution and illegal nudity is illegal to be nude inside like into a private place. Isn't that interesting? Isn't that interesting choice of words? Because he's got to choose his words carefully. Because he don't want to piss off the BS, especially our fashion sheriff can Jenny. Or he'll hear those stopping boots knocking at his door any second. They'll be knocking in the damn door down. With a swat team. Huh? That's what they'll have. A big swat team. So he's got to be careful what he says. But that business about illegal nudity. There's no prostitutes that this one club. Is there no? No. How can I be illegal to be nude inside of a private club? How is that possible? You got me? Hmm. I don't get it. Maybe it's illegal to be nude anywhere. Is there illegal to be nude inside your house? Huh? I see only in certain rooms. If you're nude in the kitchen by the way, you're going to jail and buy what you're coming. Yeah, see you better or watch your kitchen. That's what I'm telling you right now. Here's a mobile and call spring, hello. OK, that was good. There was our first call of the day. Set the tone. That was excellent. Fort Modern Deal, hello. Yeah, Neil. AP just reported that the Cuban fathers, the father, the boy, this grandad custom is going to be grandad custom. Yeah. My figure is just be interested in hearing that. But we probably know that, but we don't have any PY here. Oh, you don't have any PY. Why are you looking? Oh, it's very good. Why are running on the floor here? I think, can I see a headphone of it and something? We're going to be allowed to go to the day count here. We have to barricade our house. Well, you think we're not for yourself, man. Where are you? I've been for a lawyer now. I've not gone anywhere. I'd stay as far north as possible. It's going to be a war down now. I think we're all under the bed and just, you know, wait for the next ballgame. We already said they want to put a chain around this house, and you've been changed. Uh-huh. OK, just want to let you know. Thanks for the good news. They're going to do a Daisy chain around the house. So we'll have to see. Can we check the APY? Oh, man. Wait. I got a message coming through now. Yeah. Here comes the APY. Yeah. They want to absolute joke. Well, I guess what I'll do, I'll turn on CNN. Thank you, Sir, for at least advising me that something is going on. And maybe he's right. Maybe he's not, I don't know. He sounded like a legitimate human being. There is the stock market and taking another big dive. Jesus got all mighty. The NASDAQ. Whoa, man. Oh, that was yesterday. I'm out still. I don't care about stocks. I don't want to get all depressed. Let's focus in on Illia. Illia. What is his name? You be illin? I'm at poor little kid. We'll get a lot of reports on this, because we got some people out there who actually have access to like what's really going on in the world. Which we don't hear. Unless it has to do with a ballgame, unless we've got to do with something that has to do with people who are in jog straps, we got no news on it. And if it's bad news like about Cecil, we probably don't have too much news about that either. And most of the people here don't read the newspaper watch TV. I guess that's what I must be because the story is like two days old and finally the newspapers got it right today. Let's hear it for the Sun's sentinel in a hairlady. Yeah. Better late than never. I just don't get this town. I mean, it's the oblivious. That's your news media for it. There was run on our local news on Monday evening. And the yesterday's newspapers, did they get the right information? No. I'm a sun today. Oh, guess what? It confessed. Which we'll get into and I want to spend a lot of time on that. Do it. Yeah. I'm going to say after 10 at 5. 60 WQM. So anyway, well, the newspapers were saying that it looks like the US was in in client. They were leaning toward getting no father custody and sending them back. They're leaning in that direction. And like I said yesterday, what I quoted, the only thing they're concerned about is the reaction to the local hysterical, uh, people. On the phone, I had 560 WQM. The full no portion of this broadcast may be reproduced. No, no, no, no, no. I'm doubly QAM. Be agrees. Acquisition court. Not necessarily. The panic out there, but if you're in a county based on that first call this morning, you better crawl into the bed. Okay, well, let's go. We'll give you the all clear. We'll vote a horn. We'll vote the show for what it's all clear. Let's you know what to come out when it's safe. Stay off the roads and just wait for the worst because it's going to happen. Speaking of the way for the worst to happen, this is a Josie Lambe. He sure gets a good stuff, doesn't he? No. No. But then he ready. He says the fireworks went off before midnight at the Versace mentions why two K-Bash and three of the entertainment world's biggest rule of faces were involved. Oh, you know what? Is it ready now? I can get this right. You can't think for a second. You can't think for a second. Partie Goer, South Beach is most famous. How is tells me to spatter up to the 1130 PM when Jennifer Lopez crashed Donna Colbert Soxy sit down dinner for 75 people in the mansions court yard. Archer, really impressed by all those, you know, people with a lot of money. No. All these plastic people. No. People will think that they're very important to famous people. No. Who are in the tabloids? And everybody's looking on their every guy's name. No. I'm really impressed, aren't I? No. Herz Madonna and the talented Mr. Ripley Starlag went at a cultural war and marching on stake in salmon. Took Umberge at Lopez's presence. Well, I can understand that because she's a disgusting bitch and she probably smells bad too. When Madonna saw the colleague Auntie Latina, she stood up and declared, then her's over. Madonna then walked to the far corner of the house with British filmmaking boyfriend, Guy Richie, palter one, her bowl music and presario guy, oh, oh, oh'sory. You'll see, whatever his name is. Some guy. Some of a sudden Versace's table was nearly empty and Lopez took one of the TikTok Primadanos seats. So why the bad blood? Lopez's mouth runeth over in a trade magazine when asked about several fellow stars. Lopez had some choice words for both Madonna and paltero. About paltero, she said, I don't remember anything she was in. Some people got hot by association. I read more about her and Brad Pitt than ever heard about her work. On the material girl, she said, do I think she's a great performer? Yeah, do I think she's a great actress? No. Acting is what I do. I'm like, hey, don't spit on my craft. Don't you spit on my craft. You said, interview Madonna, especially has despied Lopez and entertainment side or said, no comments from any one of the tipping trio. Others celebs parting in the area, New Year's Eve. Oh, here we go. Ricky Martin. You can't think for a shit. Who emerged the next morning with a sweetest blonde? Do. Do? No, no, dude. Dude, look like a lady is what they said. You can't think for a shit. Rosey O'Donnell. Speaking of disgusting people. Rosey O'Donnell who toasted 2000 at home on Star Island. We can't stand you, Rosey O'Donnell. You're disgusting. You're disgusting, fat, die. Okay, and we can't stand you. You're full of crap. You're nauseating. You have no talent. You're not funny. You're quick trying to be a social reformer. What you're not. You know something, she's enough to start making me like Chuck Heston. You son of a, exactly. That's how disgusting that bitch is. She's enough to make me go out and buy an arsenal of, different Western crap or just a voice and oil. Donald Trump who left his own van shit Palm Beach's Mar-Alogo to attend Revlon Boss Ron, Proman and Galpel, and Elon Barkin's Swarray. Isn't that exciting? Man, I'm so impressed by that crap. While these very, very important people would all regard their money and all their problems and all their neuroses, which is mostly what they have. Just remember one thing, all these people that have millions and millions and billions and dollars, most of them are very neurotic and they're hooked on drugs and they're all screwed up and they are impotent, etc. And so on. Not only that, but when it comes to some of the people mentioned this article, like Ricky Martin for example, besides he likes it down there in the bottom. He can't think for shit. Yeah, that too. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you doing? Great. Hey, I was watching the news last night and I'm sure you saw it that deep old Colin said he had a little too much liquorinum. Yes. And all that stuff and you could basically confess. He wanted to take a look. He wanted to go, he confessed the day before I had the story yesterday. Right. And I had both newspapers that it wrong. But yesterday he went in depth and said that you know, he drank and you wrote these just all cry. Yeah, he saw cry. He's a cry problem. This is a big problem I have is with your radio station, especially Hank Goldberg. I don't remember if you, if you noticed, I'm sure you've heard it. He heard when he said that he went to get his wig. Something with his. That is wick. He had to dip his wick. He didn't even know that it was in a candle store. He didn't know the fact of the case and he's automatically assuming that this girl would be because he all like most of the other people on his radio. But I don't saw they suck up to the jobs. Anybody that Jimmy ever signed a contract, they got their head all, they all have their head up Jimmy's ass on this radio. Why do you always go for Hank? This is why we tell you Hank, Hank. Hank, Hank personal, but this is business. His opinion on this, he's totally wrong. He always said, sort of his personality because if he just hit you all him up and tell him that, okay? Call him up and tell him. I'm not going to sit here. Repank personally. I like Hank, but the fact is when he's full of crap, I'll be the first one to tell you. Or anybody else on this station. Most of them are full of crap because like I've said a million times and he's no exception. They all got their head up Jimmy's ass. Oh yeah, he talked about Cecil and Cecil this and only what to do is dip his wick and wait till his side of the store. Well, we got his side of the story, which we have in both papers today, transcripture we confessed. Oh, he just wanted to go take a look. He wanted to take a look. Can we help you with anything, sir? Oh, no, just looking. Like he was in dealers with a Peter Warwick. And by the way, somebody tell Lynn Swan or no W in the middle of that name. That's the on a warwick. It's Peter Warwick. More a literate jocks on the air pretending to be broadcasters. That was a great game last night. And like I said last year, college footballer better games. How about how about the Michigan State last second field goal. Not going off those disgusting, pootred steam spruer. Lynn Gator. How about that. Michigan Alabama in overtime. No less with a lovely Tommy Brady. Yeah. And in last night, there was more excitement in those three bull games than in the entire NFL season put together this year. That's how bad the NFL is. But the people on the station don't want to tell you that because this is your dolphin station. And they got to keep peddling the same old tired crap over and over again. And Jimmy and Danny. Yeah, that's it. Over and over and over again. Ad nauseam. And of course, because this town is one no Charlie, what do you expect? Yeah, Hank was totally, totally, full of pure undelparated crap, duty, schmet. As far as Cecil Collins was concerned. And I think some of the people on this station include especially him. They want to apologize to that woman assuming automatically and like I told you, I'm the only one that views these things objectively. I got no vested interest. I don't have to go and kiss Jimmy Johnson's ass or anybody else is for that matter and try to cover up for every disgusting obnoxious thing that he does. How's that, what's his name? How's that nut case doing? I went back to Philadelphia. How's he doing these days? Demetrius. And how's Leaver Aynis doing by the way, he's pissed off. He couldn't play last night, Leaver Aynis. I mean, it's one thing to be a sports fan. It's another thing to make you living talking about or writing it, but Jesus, try to be a little bit objective. Oh, yeah, there's another side of the story. The oldest trick in the book, turn the tables, put the spotlight on her. Oh, yes, she's a sloth. She's a horror. Everybody on the team was banging her right. Somebody owes an apology to her. A lot of people on the apology of this woman. Yeah, he wants to apologize. The booze got the better one at 530 in the morning. That this is a great story. He pride off. How do you like this? He got it into his head because we all hear. He has to put him a student. He got into his head that he was going to take a look at these sleeping form of a woman. He had seen casually around the day of your apartment complex. So he pride off a window screen. This is his own admission by the way. This is his side of the story. The one that's somebody on this station, and the one that went to the right, actually said we should make the hearing side of the story. But yeah, here's his side of the story. He pride off a window screen shortly after 5A and then crawled inside Tina Nulti's room uninvited. Collins account of that night is contained in the transcript released yesterday by Davey Polis. It contradicts assertions by Collins lawyers that the two had a prior relationship. I just went back to the apartment and I seen the window cracked, he'd be saying. So I opened it and went in. And you know, I just wanted to go look. He told A.B. detective of West Collins, what was on his mind the night of December 16. Yeah, he just wanted to go take a look. A peek. Pica-bo. Monday, the jail columns was formally charged with burglary. He's been suspended from the team because he was previously charged with a similar episode in Louisiana. He faces parole violation charges there. I want just what will apologize, man. He told police questioning him and his apartment had palm trace for hours after Nulti's husband forced him to jump out of the window and ran. I made the wrong choice to do that, he said. Asked what were your intentions of going inside the apartment. Collins said, just to go look, look at her. Yeah, I'm not even going to lie, man. The liquor, the liquor had my mind at the time. The devil made me do it. The booze made me do it. Just want to go inside take a look. Not touch, of course. Just look at man. So if you got a nice look at neighbor, we all knew people out there. All you kids out there, just pry off a window screen after five or clock at a morning. That's a good time. Most people are sleeping at that time. Even the animals in a house are sleeping. And kind of crawl inside. Find yourself a little crack and turn into a big hole. As your quiver would say, wouldn't you say that? Uh-huh, probably. You know, it's funny. We have all those weaverisms. Can anybody think of any zoom forisms? No. No. Is that laugh? Yeah, here's a manly of Bill's infras. Yeah. And he's a good guy. He's a nice guy. Even though he's a carpet background, he works up there with a losing a station WIP and Philadelphia. That beesly loser. But nevertheless, he's a good guy. And he does an okay job as far as like an automated voice. You know, he doesn't have much personality. And man, he makes a little broadcast. But weaver had all those. And despite the fact he smelled real bad and very infrequently bad. He must have thought he was your p.n. Like a quiver. Because he bathed like about one. One serious six months and then like that. He smelled like a cough drop. Like a cough drop. Like John End. Yeah. Well, people that suck on a lot of cough drops generally are doing it because they're trying to cover up some other aroma. You don't understand? The piece will could use some Smith Brothers. Or maybe a Smith and Weston. So there you go. There's this story. Like I told you, it's been on the news. There it is. And they make a big deal on it by the way. Oh, no, it's even though it's a little bit more prominent in the newspapers that it was yesterday when both papers had the information wrong. How was it that channel for news had a right Friday evening at 530 and both of our local local newspapers couldn't get a right yesterday. How is that? Yeah, one has to wonder about that. With the story that they had pretty much very yesterday because they don't want a fess up that got because Jimmy don't make mistakes. He doesn't sign nut cases who try to slice their next off and he don't sign guys that pry off or win those and try to go look inside some six apartment at 5 o'clock in a morning just to go take a peek. Or maybe just want to go take a peek. Maybe that was the problem because you sure want to pee outside 5 in a morning. Oh, somebody might be looking. So if you have too much too much beard, if you too many beers all you young guys out there and you got to take a leak real bad just breaking into somebody's apartment at 5 in a morning don't do it outside because that's against the law. Pean and public really harder knew that. What a disgrace. What a freaking goddamn disgrace. It was over. It was like, well, you're in a half ago we had a guy I'm right from pros and cons and I was talking about the book. Oh, no. And this station is in denial. They don't want to talk about that stuff. They don't want to know from that stuff. Just like when I told Rimmer and they all strapped about the thing they're the hockey books that I were on on that brush. She's got some extra right on that stuff as well. She makes up all that stuff. Okay, fine. All you people who are connected with professional sports and college sports and who make your little, I'm embarrassed for most of you because you have poose colored glasses on. Look at everything through poose colored glasses. You refuse to see the truth that you're dealing with an awful lot of scumbags. 26 after 10 at 5, 60, WQM. KimFullCeper talks sports, extends right into the run towards. compost renewable F5-60 QA안. What a joke! Stop breaking through homemade method.還是 like will I do n't want a Dmit SketlRl bucket from this The overview. Against my girlfriend forgot her child water. He is a各 NEW Okay 10 30 at 5 60 WQM. Thanks for everybody. I'm Eric up in Orlando who does our great job at our new rangers.com website. And thanks for the story from AP. See we don't have a thing here. But everything's on the internet. Thank God. Like I said, thank God for the internet. Cuban boys father granted custody. Oh boy. Oh boy. Here we go. Oh, but a war for a little. Exactly. I couldn't have said a bit of myself. US immigration officials have decided that the Cuban father of a six year old boy, Alien Gonzalez, has the right to custody of the boy government officials said today. The US decision was allowed to boy now in Miami to be returned to Cuba was to be announced today by Doris Meisner, commissioner of the immigration and naturalization service. But Meisner was not expected immediately to explain how the boy might actually be returned to his father because that question involves possible legal action outside the government's control according to the official requested and anonymity. The boy was found bringing to an intertube at sea after his mother died in a shipwreck while fleeing Cuban heading to Florida. In Cuba, the boy's father Juan Miguel Gonzalez could not be reached for comment. There was no immediate reaction from Cuba's communist government. Armando Gudier is a spokesman for the boys' relatives in Florida said, any decision to return to the boy to Cuba would be a peole. Should the boys' relatives sue a ruling by Meisner and the father's favor would be a powerful weapon and disability to prevail in court. US officials said, these officials believe US courts might conclude they had no jurisdiction over the case in light of Meisner's ruling. Rather than explaining the details of the boy's return to his father in Cuba, the IRS was expected to call on all members of the child's family to work together for a quick and easy return of the boy to his father's official. Oh yeah, quick and easy. Is it going to be quick and easy? Oh, I don't think so. The woman who answered the phone at Gonzalez' house in the coastal town of Cardinus, a two-hour drive east of Havana said, Gonzalez was not at home and she had no information about his wear-boats. The Reverend Joan Brown Campbell of the National Council of Churches said before leading Havana from the office morning that Gonzalez and all four of Ali on grandparents at a 10-to-8 night dinner in Havana was president Fidel Castro. Oh, dear. Oh, dear. I sure hope they spoke this punch. Ali on was plucked from the ocean on Thanksgiving day after his both sank killing his mother stepfather and eight other people. And it goes on and on and on and on the boys have been treated as a cold war style hero by anti-caster groups in Meisner, living in the Blair and television cameras as he turned a land or theme parks and enrolled Tuesday and first grade. The Clinton administration asked the Cuban government this week to wish him as it be into the father to allow him to personally escort the boy back home if immigration officials decide he should return to the island. On Tuesday, Ricardo Alarcoan, president of Cuba's National Assembly said, Cuba's government would not stop the father from going to the US but said he shouldn't go unless the US officials agree ahead of time to let the boy return to Cuba. He should do whatever he wants and we will help him but if I were him, I would ask for what reason to finally return to boy or to delay in delay the case even longer said Alarcoan, while Cuban adults who reached the US mainland are routinely allowed to stay the boys age-created diplomatic problems, many Cubans, thousands, and sisters mothers death and a bit delivered in a free country was enough to allow him to stay regardless of the desires of his crazy Cuban relatives. I mean if it's a Cuban relative. How do you like that? On somebody else's backs and it's the same thing too. Thank you very much by the way because otherwise we're in the dark. We sit here in the dark. We have no news work and in quite frankly this radio station that we care about news. Oh, they were dropping eight bombs like I've told you two years ago when I started on this radio station. If they were dropping nuclear weapons on Washington DC, would this station know about it? Oh, would they care about it? Oh, unless you can't pull the football game? No. No. For he said. So there you are. UM's immigration official said, the boy can go with his father. Now of course how they're going to do it and how we're going to play Kate to crazy people in Miami. You already? I'm sure I'm going. I don't know and let me just hasten away. I live in Broward. 560, 0.560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. 877, 785, 63345 on the worldwide line. 877, 785, 6345. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Hey, I need a good morning. Yes sir. I wonder if you saw the rerun of the mafia story on a Russian mafia about hockey? No, I do. No, they rerun it again. The story is older than well, the last is. They ran it about two months ago and the first time they rerun it. And did you ever see it? It's a pile I saw two years ago on a CDC. It's an old-scale story. So it's much to do about nothing. It's crap. Well the way they left it last, right? Is that. The problem is is possibly. Sir, let me say it again. It's a pile of old crap and I'm not going to waste my time with it. Okay. I should mop it. There we go. See what I'm saying about the callers. We got stuff real stuff going on right here in town right here. And then we're talking about and this guy wants to hank me a China about some old retread story that PBS picked up from the CDC from two to three years ago. All these stories, all these things. Does anybody care about that? No. Please. Please get with it. Get with reality. Get with the real world. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Jesus, Joseph and God, then, your hose of fat. Christ. Gonna have those out order? Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Yeah. There you go. Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going? Okay. Hey, listen. I was just listening to CNN. You just talked about it with a heli on going back. I'm not going to talk too much because I'm very close and here. You know, we're fluke. Sorry. But just want to know what you think about this and how the cue is going to react and I'll just hang up them. You're what you got to say. Okay. I think it. Well, I mean, obviously, he should be with his father and that's what I think of it. And that's what most sane people have to say about it. But, you know, what's there to think? And they're already threatening. They're going to form a human chain around the house. And they're going to disrupt the traffic again. Because like I said yesterday, let me say it again. It's a bunch of extremists. A bunch of irresponsible extremists who don't give a crap about the law. They'll give a crap about anybody else. They're going to get their way. Come and hell our high water. I'd like to go to call me yesterday that was chastising me and telling me how to conduct a conversation and line a hung up on and gave far too much time by the way because he was rude and obnoxious. The fact is that we don't have any other ethnic groups in this country who tell us how to make the laws and what the laws should be and how we should implement them and threaten every guy at the end time they don't like something. I noticed that the Haitians were demonstrating at the other day out in the front of the iron s building. It was very peaceful and they weren't blocking off traffic and they weren't laying down on the street and doing crap like that. How do you like that? But you've got this small but vocal and hysterical group of people. Fanned on always fanned out by the Hispanic language radio stations in his town and these crazy people are irresponsible people that get on there with them up and encourage them to do these things. And then of course, aided and depended by our local Spineless politicians like Mayor Pinga Pachania and all the Indiana Ross Lane and you know it's the same old tired stuff. Why should it be any mystery? If we don't get our way, we're going to do everything we can to disrupt everybody else's life to share a lot of our answers we are and to further, you know, cause you to hate all of our people. In spite of the fact that we're just a small vocal of noxious minority. 560560 on the AT&T wireless line. 877-785-6345 on the other town line 21 before 11 at 2 AM. The NFL playoffs are here. Fire, one now, the middle is complete in the hunt now. In Sunday, it's the Dolphins and the Fee-Happel Seahaw. Why from the kingdom? You'll live for a gym and it's called all the action. I don't know the kickoff begins at move. The game starts at 4 o'clock. Oh, right by Amin. Here on your Dolphin station, sports radio 560QA game. I have no life. I have no penis. In record stores now, it's the most repulsive prison now for me. I'll ever hear. Allie McPill purchase all the Christmas favorites. Oh, right. 20-406560WDK on the hike. Two-lessers have no life. Allie McPill purchase all the Christmas favorites. Listen to it while eating fruitcake. Oh, right. 20-406560WDK on the hike. Two-lessers have no life. Two-lessers have no life. We've got the book through it. Seven-thirty night. We've got the West Virginia Mountain News at Mimey Hore-Coon basketball. Followed by the Panthers out of the West Coast at the Mimey Hore-Coon. Is there a Florida Panthers team by the way? Huh? God, what a schedule I got. It's like, out of sight out of mind. Don't forget to Saturday noon to two. We'll be at Nixegar, 71-other of the West Library. Just take the moment of the Flagress Street. Next week, we'll be at Mimey Hore-Coon. George and I both be there noon to two. There'll be cigar rolling demonstrations. They'll be rolling some really good crafters at Saturday. Yeah, I'm not. Some cigars too. Sampling of Anheiser Bush's new product. To Kisa and Rumbuff Food Entertainment and a partnership in a fair tree. You get to meet Nick and all his crazy pyzons down there in Xegars. This Saturday noon to two. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Yes, sir. Happy New Year, sir. Same to you. It's too quick. Can you hear me? Can't hear you. Can't hear you. Have you seen an Atkins' new book? No. It's very good. It's nutritionally based. It just came out. It might enjoy it. Number two, I'll hear you read my stomach flu. Well, at least probably got a chapter on that. Okay. Especially people with diabetes, I think, got to read it. Some's up the other books around it. Anyways, I want to take you to task on something. Yes. What specifically did that John Rocker said to you disagree with? What do you mean by that? Well, you're the first person with the schwarzes and send them back to Haitians and the Hulios. What did he say? I mean, you've taken that subway in New York yourself, I'm sure. No, I have that. Oh, you haven't. I'm taking some ways all over the world. And I wouldn't go out on my way to make generalize disgusting comments about the people of, the things that I talk about it done with humor. He wasn't talking with humor. Do you think it was venomous? Yes. All right. Because I was the article. I couldn't decide. I would have a lot of an exam read neck. Well, he is a read neck. Oh, it's on other words, if somebody on a subway has got AIDS, some queer with AIDS, like he said. Well, what does that have to do with the price of rice? What does that mean? Is he going to spit on you or something? I don't think that's what he was saying at all. Well, what is he saying? I think he was saying that the immigration problem in this country has gotten very ridiculous. He wasn't talking about immigration. He made a comment about immigration, but he was making it. He was casting a spursions at every ethnic minority. He could find well, I read the whole article. And that's what I got out of it. No, he's just a dumb joke. And like I said, his rotescuses comments were, he shouldn't be fine. He shouldn't be suspended. He's got to write to be a dumb joke. It's certainly no more than a habit of being a read you white scum. Exactly. He doesn't have to be politically correct. It's interesting. It's a good analogy. That's a good analogy. So, I don't think that the comments that the comments are not going to be an issue with the next few months. The comments that the comments are not going to be an issue with the Reggie White, who's a big it of the worst source or runs around spending his time spreading hatred, the media lift him up and elevate him and make him seem like a hero. Well, then you and I don't disagree on that. Why not? But we do disagree about John Rocker. The comments he made were growth tasks. People getting all been on a shape out of it. I don't understand. Well, if that's the most important thing they got to worry about. another 160 bucks it's not that big of a deal here you go so do it and be done with it's a big and big and big by the cable okay good luck out there yeah and stay on your rocker not off at 560 560 on the AT&T wireless line 877 785 6345 on the world famous out of town line boy that one is really smoking is it smoking oh no maybe they're smoking a good stuff in four miles here's Davey hello hello Davey yes me I don't know if you had an opportunity to look at the sun settled on page five B today page five B right about the browwood sheriff's at handcuff the nine year old boy writing his bike without his helmet on all right he's like I get to the Ilian lived up in Palm Beach he would have been locked up and arrested because I saw pictures of him on TV writing his bike around yeah and he's a hero oh and his little black oh my god look at that you're right I didn't miss that thank you so much for I'm gonna you know he can't read it all I know I handcuffed over helmet law and I was going can't Jenny that's well it's rally county boys can Jenny follow that he's probably for it oh it's Bobby I'm gonna work you with it's right thank you sirs right well thank you no Palm Beach County Sheriff deputy Kenneth Foceman is kept you on video handcuffing nine year old Jeffrey Morgan south of Lantan on Saturday he was handcuffed oh this is this is perfect this is the American effin way baby thank you sir god bless you that's the American way yeah he was handcuffed for writing a bicycle without a helmet little black kid the video was made by private investigator who was in the neighborhood working on another case although it says here the video was made by a private investigator the video be made what tell us that boy handcuffed over helmet law and you and you think I'm exaggerating when I say we live in a police state you think I'm exaggerating all these years and a goddamn racist police state no less a veteran Palm Beach County Sheriff deputy was captured on video tape over the weekend handcuffing a nine year old boy after he saw him writing his bicycle but other helmet the neighborhood south of Lantana by law all bike riders under the age of 16 must wear a helmet the video which was taped Saturday by a private investigator working on an unrelated case shows that deputy searching through the boys backpack and pockets while the handcuff child sits on the cement on old Spanish trail off-seek west of boulevard it also shows that deputy pushing the child is that free down on the ground when he tries twice to get up oh boy do I smell a beautiful lawsuit here or what oh the mother of the boy L.C. Morgan wants the sheriff's office to admit the deputy standing in the situation was wrong all of this didn't have to happen for one helmet Morgan said I'm not angry or mad at the deputy for doing his job but what I felt was wrong was any post my son lawsuit big fat lawsuit Bachman also was rude to Morgan and told her to shut up threatening to take her to jail when she repeatedly answered what her son had done Morgan said sheriff supervisors have viewed the tape determine the incident did not warrant an internal investigation oh of course not on two days the sheriff's office vigorously the deputy can Bachman the incident started when Bachman saw Jeffrey writing his bicycle without a helmet the boy told Bachman he had a helmet at home and Bachman told the boy to walk his bike home get his helmet chair spokesman Paul Miller said 15 minutes later Miller said Bachman again saw Jeffrey but also he's a compulsive a repetitive a cryo chronic unsafe kid offender 15 minutes later Miller said Bachman again saw Jeffrey writing his bicycle another helmet when the boy realized Bachman it spotted him he did a U-turn and sped away how do you like that huh the deputy to head a catch up to him and hold him because he didn't know what the circumstances were Miller said now we started thinking maybe the bike was stolen didn't you check the place sheriff's official say that when Bachman got up to Jeffrey the child ran away again this time on foot because Bachman was on bike patrol didn't have a patrol card to hold Jeffrey Bachman decided to handcuff him attorney Valentin Rodriguez was representing Morgan said Bachman actions violated Jeffrey's rights you don't get the handcuff somebody and push them to ground for a civil infraction he said how about if he would have been j-walking would that have been sufficient yeah Jeffrey was given two twenty four dollar citations for failing the worry how many lips of this father and market this is a disgusting road test god noxious this is what you people out there are paying your tax dollars for so that sheriff's pit so that pigs can go out there and handcuff kids to their bicycle for not wearing their helmet and of course we had a lot of spare time now because I saw again on the news this morning there was mayor pingo pecania and it was the uh police chief from the the metro day police chief on air all bragging oh my god you don't realize what a phenomenal job we've done and crime is down so much in these statistics are staggering and it's not just the last couple years but it's tremendous mama mama mama mama mama mama don't you feel safer than you did last year no no don't you feel that this is a safe place to live oh the safe place for tourists to come no and don't you trust your local police no no this is what they're doing there the bso their busy go in and it's when clubs hashteling and embarrassing people are there in a private club and then in Palm Beach there's a hand-cuffing little kids who are riding a bicycle with a helmet repeat offenders of course and they found no reason for an internal investigation which leads me to ask again for the aid me to tell me I'll ask this every day that I think I've mentioned you on the air how is that internal investigation coming into the apostitution ring that the cops are running inside the countering candle with the 16 year old girl uh anybody have any more information about that anybody in this great town that's always bragging about the herald and this new paper and that TV station and all the great investigator reporters anybody investigating that got any more information for us you phony's you phony god damn bastards who the hell are you kidding so in other words the cops can go down and they can screw some 16 year old girl thick and a horror her out and run a prostitution ring with underrage girls and nobody in this guy damn town cares about it but if some little black kid especially black is out there riding his bicycle some nine year old kid without a helmet we're gonna go hand-cuff and then throw them to the ground and this is your idea police work and you tell me that I'm anti-police let me say it again I'm all four good cops we got a few some couple all four good cops like I'm all four good doctors why no any you know I'm all four good like bug spray guys do how's he doing anybody see them oh no and the public just sits back sits back oh yeah well we want some orders guy damn my Pokemon yeah yeah we want more those beanie babies too we'll start to crack in that fact we up again the worried about the important things and of course we know in this town what they're all worried about the undershadow about more than the bad cops Jimmy and Danny and right that's what they're worried about crap like five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line all of these things we have going on here three brilliant weeks I did with no calls all of this stuff that's going on the immigration the US the ionists decided to let the this kid go to the custody of his father which is going to be a a tremendous storm of hysteria in his town sees what Colin thing is in both of his papers he can fast he's guilty he busted in there five o'clock in a morning all of this stuff that's going on here and others three about this nine year old a kid being handcuffed because he was writing his bicycle the second time a lot of helmet and the software audience the new around his audience to have an opinion on a of it oh this guy wants to call before talk about popbell bury in the russian mafia again a story that's older than last year's mott balls five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line here's your field be chill out hello yes sir my name is Charles Colaway we don't do names sir well my name is what's the amount one of the problems I have found the class ring from a young lady and electric turn into sir and we also don't do lost in the found on this radio show k call up the class call up the school call up somebody we don't do lost in founds on a radio there we go this is this is what you want the forty percent of you that call to our pool a week ago today who said oh yeah bring back the phone calls the callers are what makes the show this is what you got I'm sitting here puke my guts out the one god damn person the media in this town who has the balls the talent like it is no matter what the hell the issue is I'm begging for god damn phone calls again I'm getting assholes like this who found a guy damn ring somewhere cab calo where what ever hell his name was take a cab and take it to our house okay get off my radio show you jerk you jackass you in the sill they're dropping nuclear weapons on Seattle and this guy is in here calling me about a some guy damn clasery that he found from the russian mafia that had popbell bury's name on it for some crap like that that's your phone call man that's the southward of call in audience what's your take on at uh yeah taking good schmit that's my take here's holly with hello yeah yes sir yeah and the other you talk about a racist police state I don't know if you have a chance to read the Miami hell a spawning about the two black kids got hit by that FBI yeah I got it I got right here what do you want to get to that my god he sent shoes up my spine yeah what a cover up what I was he he was on the phone he was all the sign of false crash report right yeah false he was on the one year so they didn't even matter for it out the then his superior told him how to write it up and he didn't type fast enough so one of the superior 17 years on the plan I went to throw takes it out of the sames he writes it up makes up a whole full thanks to and he deliberately omitted the direction that each car was heading when they crashed because the drunk in trooper of course as we know now was on driving the wrong side of the road drop the FBI agent right he's looking at the trooper behind the age it's okay and now this FBI agent is is not only still he's in a hospital guarded by FBI agent right now you know you they say the paper the spawning low he was in action we try to protect our own you know every time the FBI agent has an exit we have two or three guards on 24 hours a day yeah that was the FBI agent still his blood alcohol level is only 0.17 it's only more than twice the legal limit yeah you know that could be your eye I mean we could you know they could cover up for us too you know yeah I mean that's the scares me you know I I understand he's there's trying to figure it out to black kids we can mail him but you know it could be you or it could be me MSNBC had a good the show last night on the FBI and about say hey your heaver and all these files that they're finally opening up now all these clan destined files that they had on everybody the FBI is one of the most sinister one of the most dangerous institutions in this country make no mistake about it I'll pay this report this morning shows the Florida Highway Patrol all the way up to the higher off the right had something to do with a cover up of a white FBI agent with black kids and that scares me the death well you know you I guess you discovered where you are proud in America well I I I assumed in my 90 to teach you that it's just a age we may have gone past this thing a little bit no chance I didn't think that it would still be way to help the highly the total of the cover up this guy I mean this is this is one of one of the worst things you know you know I can now and I was only five to six years old I remember it's down a floor here and I'm walking on boardwalks down here and black people have to go up the sidewalk you know I mean I see this how about the lynching we just had in Texas here that these guys back in the good lot was only a year ago right for still lynching black people in this country well you you look at a couple of sprue balls and you say oh well they're out of their damn mine and they're absolutely ridiculous and crazy but here we have sposal have sensible same people who are high up in our police and the one is looking for is corrupt crooked cover up that's what you're looking for and have a great day sir and shit down in contemplate your naval because as I've been trying to tell you for a long time that's the American fucking way 1056 at 560 WQM's only one South Florida radio station has they're going over week they happen in the two sports radio 560 QAM We Ein was very I Will Will part sesos pant S sleigh O' christ We stay Read it's very out-the- Love in a class with five six you Joe who says that was the American Airlines Arena, whatever it is last night, the Mickey Arena. I know to several people talking on cell phones during the game, what is wrong with these fools? Should they even be allowed to have phones in the arena? Oh, I don't think so. It says. Also, why do the Cuban women die their hair red? I think they don't want to look Cuban, but as soon as they open their mouth and speak, everybody knows their dirty little secret when they start saying, even the red is the period don't be covering it up. Red is it? Everybody's dying their hair red. Let me see. Ricky Martin died at the Swedish blonde. Or maybe he was like out in the, by the pool with the Swedish blonde. Guy. Huh? Dude. Oh boy. Oh yeah, here's a fact about, I will save this for later. Maybe if we have time to get really... Bucks and battling broke. He's got a bug up harasses as I have a bug of my ass. I don't have a bug of my ass. It's just that you suck, you can't, you think. That's all. And you got numbers that are microscopic. You don't belong on the air, honey. You're a bad, bad Randy. What? Want to be? Which says a lot. Look at these phones, baby. Are these phones smoking? No, no. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami, hello. Oh, little blue, blue. Yeah, okay. Mobile and Del Rey Beach, hello. Hey, how's it going? You said a minute ago, some about the cops, or it could be doing better things, or judging off people on these clubs or whatnot. Yes. It's something that caught up. I mean, you could send cops or use people there every night to go see. Could it be something that maybe these people are shamed to be in the club, they're in? Well, what does that mean? Like, like you say that they're this teacher, that they went and made a big or beal that she was in some clubs. Well, let me ask you something. You think that there are people screwing around on there on their spawners, mate, on their spouse? I'm sorry, what was the question? People don't want their private sex lives put on a front pages of newspaper and on television. That doesn't make them bad people, but there is nobody who goes through a private club, especially of a sexual nature that expects to be brought out dragged out and have their face on the television and on a newspaper front pages. Well, I've never been to a private club of a sexual nature. So how do you know, so how do you know what you're talking about? I don't, I don't, that's what I'm saying. If I go to a club, I'm saying you could, you know, any club to go to or anywhere, I could pretty much, you bring a camera. I'm telling you guys, let me ask you this. Have you ever, I'm sure that an outstanding gentleman like you has never been like an adult bookstore or something like that? But not just a five, you've not. Of course not, not somebody who's a pure tenical as you. But let me just ask you this, you think knowing the American attitudes and values and the pure tenical attitudes we have, you think that the people coming out of adult bookstore, would like to have their pictures on the front of the newspaper on television the next day? Probably not, but they don't say to me, people maybe they can go to the adult bookstore if that's not why not, why not is it legal doesn't have a license to operate? They shouldn't go simply because it embarrasses them. If it don't embarrass them, you should go. So I'm going to ask you something, would you be embarrassed to have somebody watch you take a crap? Ah, probably. Okay, well don't take one. Just just a dumbest god damn Schmidt I've ever heard in my life. You're right, we do need these callers, man. We need to like a goddamn a walking cup as my grandmother would say. God, yeah, there were shame to be in there. How about you, sir, when you're Dylan whoever to has your Dylan, you want it on television? No, I don't think so. As if it's the goddamn BSO's business, everybody else is God damn business who's diddling who? 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, open line in the world wide line there, that line, I'm telling you, never see the first of February. 877, 785, 6345. Useless as T-Sone on your toenails. Walk carefully, by the way. Here's North Miami Beach, yellow. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, how you doing, okay? Man, I'll tell you what, the real reason why they have to be eye, I think, so scared is the $500 million they're going to lose when that thing finally goes to court. And in regards to the little Cuban boy going back to Cuba, I think the Cuban people here in Miami should take a little respect and accept the laws that have passed down from this government to begin with, it's given them their freedom. Doesn't make any difference. The group of people that you're talking about, that segment of our Cuban population, they believe that they have the power to make it up as they go along. And if they don't get their way, they'll do whatever kind of civil disobedience they feel like it to try to force us to give them their way. I know, they act like a bunch of children here in this city. Absolutely correct. Like a bunch of spoiled little children. Because in this city, the city is run, the police department is Cuban, so when they go out and run around and ran and rave and act like a bunch of idiots, they're, they're nephews and their nieces and their brothers and their sisters. They're building that up on the politicians. They're the ones who encourage and also participate in these grotesque events. I'm sure the politicians that involved also. And have a great day. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T, wilders, a lot of people really upset about that 90 year old black kid, handcuffed to his bike by the P.O. by the Palm Beach Joe Sheriff's office guy, the PSO. I wonder how many people would like to have your kids handcuffed and thrown to the ground because they were writing their bicycle over the helmet. Here's the Fort Laterdale. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. I just called them and I wanted to get some information. I talked to one of the little tenants about 10 minutes ago and he said, I got to go with a lot of people, same people, don't think it's right to arrest the handc, I said arrest a nine year old boy for not writing a helmet. He goes, oh, we didn't arrest them, we handcuffed them. I don't think the person is the same purpose. He can't go anywhere with handcuffed on. And then he goes, well, there's 12 year old killers out there. I go, what is that even do with anything? We're not talking about a killer. We're talking about a kid. Nine years old. That didn't wear a helmet. I go so basically what you're saying with tenities, if you don't know if they're he's saying, oh, well, you don't know what if you're a killer. I go, it didn't have a helmet. You want to, you weren't arresting him because he was a killer. He said he didn't know if he was a, so I think that any black people out there and other expect to get stopped, especially in Palm Beach County because we don't know you might be a killer. That's what I said. So under your theory, Lieutenant, you we might as well just arrest everyone. Right. We don't have to be a killer or not. Right. You don't know if it's nine year old, you don't know if it's nine year old or take the killer. Let me ask you this. Okay, let me ask Kim, the Zeeb and the White House, speak to them. Suppose the kid would have had a helmet on. He still could have been a killer. But if he would have had a bicycle helmet on, then we wouldn't have stopped and didn't like to write. That's right. And then he did a search and seizure. I don't know if he's anything, but they searched them. How can you be, what, what, what, what, what, problem causes there to search a nine, a nine year old boy with a suit? They're asked for a 50 million bucks, pal. Yeah, I got another year in law school. I wish I could put, caught, take the case. There you go. I have the, I have their office. You should call over the air and get in, and broadcasts. You would see how he responds to you. Yeah. I have six, six, six, eight, eight, three thousand. Well, five, six, one, one. Six, eight, eight, three, that, it's six, eight, three thousand. Or six, six, eight, three thousand. I think it's five. I agree. No, I didn't write it down. I was like, call off the, I've got a double or one. I've got a brief, five, six, one, six, eight, eight, eight. Something like that. Okay, thanks. Don't keep giving bad numbers out. They don't be bugging everybody. Yeah, try one of those numbers. Well, there are some sixes and some eights in it. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, eight. He could have been a murder, because you know, it was nine year old black kids. They're pretty dangerous, aren't they? Oh, yeah. Who the hell are you kidding? Han cuff for writing your bicycle without a helmet. Yeah, but what about that game? What about Sunday, man? What about that game? And you wonder why I'm embarrassed to live in this country? Why I'm humiliated and degraded by this. Not just the fact that these things happen, but the indifference to the public over the, they don't give a crap, they don't care. You people don't give a goddamn flying crap. That's the thing that's just a stanza. I mean, I learned that 24 years ago when I first came here. In fact, then I was talking to people over the age of 100. And now that I'm talking to younger people, it doesn't make any difference. Young, old, and between, at least here in South Florida, they don't give a flying crap. Do whatever it had you want to, or so we don't care. Go right ahead. And especially if it's to the shfartes, go right and do whatever you want to them, and then you're just leave us alone. Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hi, God. Yes, sir? I'm a seller, you're weird. I call them a six. Five, six, seven, over five, 60. Pound five, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's my me, B, chillin'. Hello? Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I haven't called on a while, but I was driving to work and I heard you talking by Del Rocker. And I agree with you. Everything you said was, we should have said, but to the opinion, well, that's one of the noise, because if you've seen what they've done to, they didn't have his wife. It did to him when he played the mess. When he played the Yankee games, it would take beer and throw it at his wife. Yeah. So what does that have to do with anything? Well, I could see why he had so much anger. What's your, let me get this, sir. There are plenty of scumbags in Atlanta. I've been in Atlanta plenty of times. There are plenty of low-life scumbags people there. Look at the fans, it's a lot of you, what they're related. I mean, there are no matter where you go. If you're going to be in professional sports, you're going to have to take the good stuff, all the million dollars, and you're also going to have to take the crap that goes along with it. Which doesn't make it right, but to make these generalized comments, where he rips it everybody, how can anybody condom that? Well, he's a redneck in a bigoted asshole, that's all. But then again, how many athletes are? I'm shooting the crap. They're plenty of other guys. They're just smart enough to keep their mouth shut. All right, dude. And have a great day. Like, like, we have to be concerned about the sociological effects of the comments of John Rocker, just brilliant man, who probably are waiting for the Nobel Prize in the evening. Who the hell gives a crap about John Frickin Rocker? Like the other guys said, who cares? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T line. That line nine, that must be out of order, you know? I sound like it's working to me. 877, 785, 6345. For sure, we're sure I had the January schedule for Pomp and O'Park Racing. You know, another window to the brand new year is John penis around all anybody seen him? No, no, I don't have the schedule. Bye. The sports leader, the sports radio, 560, QAM. The media is sick and he's hot badly. He's cut it away, quite literally. When I was circumcised, somehow I grew back on me, amazingly open night. My poor skin's back after hanging like a fruit fly. My day, my day, my birthday, my birthday, I found like a boost, never anything's fine. My day, my day, my birthday, my birthday, I found this back after getting cut away, short. Now I'm home like a racer. And I'm really ratified to be down the side. I'll hold you. I'll hold you. I'm a pig, man. Now that it grew back over the night, I'll hold you. It's the safety thing. My sports skis, back, with a moyl rozp interval. My day, my day, my birthday, my birthday, I will hold big and factor, sides has also doubled. My day, my day, my birthday, my birthday, I'm80th Kay, my birthday, my birthday, MISSFAT loucus fantastic. My Christmas will cost $15,000. My charity practises me from a lucky area on an edded Backward � and �htag lycar, coming to set to a five sixty w qm is everybody happy ha! All right that's all we care about don't forget our parents at nicks to Saturday noon two will be rolling some really good ones and some great cigars to Hank will be on from shoelace today for to a clock we got the booster six to seven thirty then we got a bunch of sports including the pants again and and on can't clock tonight anybody gonna be listening to that oh we stay in a play to watch our panties oh he still exists there's still planet there's still doing it here's a mobile in pompot will be chill out Neil looks like this and in a little boy back to Cuba so already the line and up to rioter looks like have you heard the news are you listening to this show sir and they got the guy are you listening to this show of course then how come you didn't hear me read talk about it I am but I'm saying they did five six seven five sixty have I heard the news five sixty on the eighty he's just waiting man he just didn't wait to start spune it maybe we can give me an assures home number two in his dependents give us home phone number and the two of them can go down and start scream I'm gonna jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump jump yeah see we got the crazy human's then we got the crazy anglo's you know they're extremist on both sides the Cuban haters bop bop bop bop just praying see guys like him they're hoping that there's some grotesque civil disobedience they're hoping like hell that's some ugly episode to occur so they can justify their hatred yeah that's right he's squeezing the right now I had a get ready to do it against ah if he didn't ready to escort court. Here's son Ryan. Hello. Yeah, I think I was talking about a on TV right now. There's something a little nuts. Yeah. They also followed the car. I don't know. Four. Okay. Is that one? They also followed his car all the way to INS. LA OJ. Isn't that beautiful in a white Bronco? No, he was in a Lexi. Oh, well that's the right. Yeah, that's true. He don't drive no cheap for a white Ford Bronco. And they followed them the guy I guess I brought it. And here's a kid is driving too, by the way. I hear Eliana's driving. You, uh, to keep in the back seat. Uh-huh. Also, including, uh, please, please start taking calls. Okay. All right. This is a matter that could land wish for weeks or months or beyond. Here we go. In state. Here we go. And we have our federal courts, uh, playing off simply that very, clear ruling in the federal government. Can't afford. I don't know exactly where you are. Dad has rightful. That's a way nobody getting out there. It's a great idea. And if that comes out, then outcome is, uh, to that effect are two different things entirely. Yeah. Right. And uh, we're going to go in black by the way. Look at the crowd. Look at the crowd. Look at the crowd. Look at the crowd. Look at the crowd. Look at the crowd. Look at the crowd. Black of a combination. The figure is Gary mentioned a lot of that is, uh, news coverage. But we are seeing people showing up there waiting flags with 50, uh, some, some American flag. No, you know, that while this is taking place, Ellie on Gonzalez, you didn't take it on. You're this fool. That being really good at hitting the key school in the little Havana where he began the first time. He was taken there by his, uh, great uncle, lots of open silos. What made him taking care of this little boy? He was brought this fool there yesterday. And that is where, uh, the morning to the town of Cardanoff, Cuba, uh, we're a good idea. Yeah. This is 79th in Viscayne. Now we'll say this. There's there are that many people there. Yet, but of course the news media want to make a big son of the antideal. There were a lot more Haitians here the other day. Was he yesterday? Yeah, day before thing. Or whatever. A couple of days ago. There were a lot more Haitians than they were peaceful and they made their statement. And there's nobody blocking off the streets that I can see. Of course, who wants to go to Viscayne in 79th anyway? Oh, Jesus Christ. How's sunny with that market doing? Oh, sorry, sunny. This is the nice one. The one these are there in the corner. Yeah, they're lovely. Oh, they're sure it's in broad daylight. Okay. Don't be going there like after sundown. Trust me when I tell you. And then of course, there's old Madonna to there across the street. Don't be going. Or what are they calling now? Whatever. Really was calling it. That's good. But anyway, don't forget floor is pizza block away from the toilet. There are good pies on. Thanks for a plug for floor. It's pizza. Great people. Great pizza great folks. Boy, they were sure nice to us at I. Yeah. They put it in the toilet. Yeah. Why? Go get a slice, you know, in between, uh, you know, I think I think there are people in it. I ought to like to give a slice to some of the protests. You know what I'm saying? Maybe we can get O. J. Call up. Oh, he's still got the number. I'm sure he does. Yeah, there's nothing going on. There's a bunch of people. Of course, all the news me that there's a channel 7 trucks. Of course, they're right down the street anyway. So it was really easy to get there. And there's Rick Sanchez is hovering over to hold guy. They're my honest building. Look at that. What is like, oh, he's just dropped a big bomb. Love bomba. Can you all smell it all the way up here? Nice going, Ricky. That is some people gathering there. It's so far. There's nothing to report. Nobody's getting hysterical. Yeah. Yeah. Of course, Ellie on the school. He hasn't gone anywhere yet, but uh, here's a mobile-in-for-laterdale. Hello. No. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Great. Good. Listen, I like to thank you for being so upstanding outright and speaking the truth because it is so bad that we, because we have these high-priced athletes, and everybody just forget the best of human to. And they are some slum-bay. Slum-bay is going to keep it up. And as long as you keep doing some diets going to listen, they have to listen because they can't keep being on debt-bears. So this year's in the Unicom fees keep doing what you're going, sir. All right. Thank you. Thank God bless you, sir. I'll pray for you for a few years. I think I can rub my beads. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound. The sacrifice of mother for the freedom of her socks. Baba, Baba, Baba, oh here we go. Lots of no transfer equals children's rights respecting. I know what these 70- 90 minutes, there's a wait. The official pronouncement from the government relative to the L.I. on state. Yeah, going. And this is a very passionate issue in an offer on it. So let me ask you this. Why is it a past and issue? Can you answer me that? Why is it a past issue? I mean, we've got all these other people including these 400 people that came on a boat from Haiti. There was Chinese people on there, and most of the Haitian people, including a 12-year-old on a company, kid, little boy. I'm sorry. It's not an emotional issue. It shouldn't be. Because of the floating in the ocean thing. There were plenty of other people floating in the ocean who didn't make their stuff floating under the ocean, okay? Or in it? Or somewhere. David Jones lockers. Exactly. David Jones. Maybe you know something he might spend some time in the ocean, and it's cheaper than taking a bath, I guess. David Jones, from what I hear smells real bad. It's coming in concert hanging around with too many monkeys, you know? Oh, that was bad. That was bad. But at any rate. And so the immigration and naturalization service. Yeah, they're just a few people milled around. I would say there's looks to me like there's maybe 100, 200 people down there. It's not a big deal. Nothing's going on. They're waving a few been flags in Betavit, but I will bet a month. One of them actually went, and right away, the local channels in the course to more than they put this on there. The more people are going to be schlepping down there. And of course, the announcement has officially come yet. You don't understand that. They haven't officially made the announcement. And let me say it again. U.S. immigration officials have decided the Cuban father of a six year old alien gun doll has the right of custody of the boy, period. And how they're going to arrange that hasn't been decided yet. And the attorneys for the other side, including that Orthodox Jew with a schmoth on is said they're going to take it to court in the appeal and the audio there and there you are. So there haven't even made the official announcement yet. And already the local media are doing their best to serve up a stir up as much crap as they possibly can. Just what we need in Dave County, Matt, the more civil disobedience and some more crap. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, New York. Yes, sir. This is such a Mickey Mouse town. Yeah. This is freaking incredible. They should have other media's cover this little boy's event. They should be over at that cops house over in West on the asking what the Hollywood's thinking about when he when he handcuffed that poor kid. Yeah, how come that story? The guy I'm going to thank goodness the guy. Well, I mean, if you were Cuban believe me, it probably will be all over at the, oh, oh, that's in the guy back to God. I know that they're all, it's so screwed up. I mean, I've been to real small backwards towns that they make more sense in this so called big town. This is just a country town. That's right. This is a big time. 24 years ago, the first week I was here. I said, this is a big hit town. Somebody called me and asked me, well, what do you think of this sophistication level at this time? I said, it doesn't have one. It's like a big hit town. And it's going on. On the reason I listen to anything that anybody says here is the half money or any kind of very, very useful. But it's such a wonderful crabbler. This kid is sitting in the issue. She goes back home to that. I mean, it's solid funds or crabbler. It's the same thing every day. Now you're going to have a rich man. So later on, squatting over a map of really unfilial. We're in the metroplex. We're all you call that thing. He's on such a wonderful crabbler. Hey, and volgement, you got it. Okay, pal. Hang in there. Good luck to us, man. Good luck to us. Good luck to the civilized people living this town. Who don't try to grow me this town and drop, grow me to everybody who lives here every time we don't get our freaking way. You're like the government decide, maybe you don't like to listen. You do like to listen, whatever. And a life has to go on. The world can't stop spinning around. And this town can't stop functioning because of some six year old boy because he had a good trip to Disney World. This nine year old kid by the way, often West Palm would have out the bicycle helmet as they'd take him to Disney World. Oh, no. If he was asked on the ground. After the lawsuit, he'll be going a lot. After the lawsuit, he'll be buying Disney World. How do you like that? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. And he'll be kicking a Palm Beach cops out of there if they want to go. Yes, sir. I was wondering, I'm going to cut from Bauer, our soul busy rating the swing clubs when the clubs in Broward and clubs in South Beach are loaded with drugs. Yeah. And that's how they're doing in those clubs. Yeah, but there's a lot of people. The drinking will sometimes tend to be dangerous as opposed to the swing club people who they're, you know, they're lethal weapon is between their legs. Right. Right. This will busy. We're in those clubs and close the stop feature and in Broward. Just loaded with an XC, airPy roll, got to the mine. Right. Amen. You know? All righty. Good point, pal. But again, that's the more dangerous kind of work. You understand what we're saying there? Oh, yeah. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. As the, here we start the year 2000. It's only the fifth of the new year. And it's the same old tired neurotic crap. How many times have I asked that question? Fifteen million, sixty million, hundred and twenty five million times over the last several years. Uh-huh. Is anything here ever going to change? Absolutely. Positively. No. Not. No way. Jose. Marti. How, a radio marti doing by the way, and, uh, TV Marti. This still shows all. I love Lucy rerun. Uh-huh. Lucy. Here's Hiley. Hello. A Neil Happy New Year. And send you sir. Happy new millennium. You know, as far as this issue with the Cubans and everything, it's a to me. This is not an emotional issue. Uh, there's far more important things happening in this country. It's America. I really don't care. What happens to the kid? If he goes back to Cuba, let him go back. If he stays here, he stays here. He doesn't affect my life. Who's here? But it does affect my life when we deny 400ations to come offshore and Lincoln D. As a ballard starts going down. They are in start saying, oh, our brothers and sisters are only 100 yards away from our shores. Here's a agenda is a ridiculous agenda. It's a latin agenda. He does not care about anything. Next guy is a total loser. Lincoln D. As ballard, why, why, why, why doesn't he just take a machine going to just start machine going to go and down there and come and start killing all the Cubans and cast. Okay. Great. Give him some machine guns. Go down there. Take care of Fidelin and, uh, you know, build a casino's back up and we'll come. Build it and they will come at only 90 miles away. Because the hotel is here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50, 5, 60, 5, 60, that's what my last Gamstown sorry, I'm in rough. That's what he said. Oh, could you wish boy used to walk his dog and Collins that and what can be wrong about that? You show me a guy likes his dog and I'll show you a guy that ain't all that bad. How's the al Malnick doing right away? And that is man. Here's a lady in Boca. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, man. You've got it. It is my honor to talk to you. It is. Yeah, I'm from Montana and the same neighborhood that that can. I sure hope you're not right in your bicycle. But that'll help. That's weird. You know what? It's hard to keep a bicycle in that neighborhood. Yeah. Because they get so and so often. You know, I'm sure you're ready article. I first started reading it. The one in the sunset and all about it. I thought, God, that jerk, you know, hurting the kid, you know, put throwing them down. But after I read the article, I made me think, you know, the first time you saw the kid, he gave him a warning at sounds like, told him, you know, you're still feeling like, go home, get a helmet. You know, walk your bike home. Later on, he's all the kid riding the bike. And when he, you know, tried to catch up to him, they could try to like, you can't kind of get away from him. It's not that he should be throwing the kid down. But he likes he said, you know, he didn't have a car to put him in. And the kid can't kind of get away. Yeah. I don't know if it's cool to put hand-cuss on him, but how else was he supposed to end the phone back and it's drunk down to the ground twice? That's not cool to throw a kid down. But they said he pushed him down with where did throw come from? I'll push throw. What there's doesn't make? It said he's what twice he tried to get up and he got it on video. He pushed the kid down twice. Yeah. Well, I wish that hadn't happened that way. You know, if he'd throw youth a lot of force, but, you know, there's a lot of bicycle theft in the guy. But I think he thought that he made it with riding a stolen bike while he was trying to keep it away. And it's like kids, white kids, Hispanic kids, all different color of kids and adults, but that matter, you a lot of bikes in that area. And I don't think it was horribly unreasonable for the guy to question it. The question about the handcuffing and throwing it out of the ground, how else was he supposed to stop him from running away? And you know what's the supposed he did run away, okay? Big stick and deal. Yeah, that's the other side. And that's the one. So, let me ask you this. It's a kid runs away. He's got his bicycle. He follows the kids. He finds out as it's right. The kid got to go home. He can't hang his kids. The kid's not going to go to hiding over a guy. They am still in bicycle. Let's see. A nine-year-old kid. I don't think so. He gets the address where the kid is. He calls for help from a patrol car. And they go in, they have to do whatever they're going to do. Yeah, that could, and that would have probably been the better situation. So, I don't think we should like, say, the guy's the horrible awful for, you know. I think he's horrible awful. Okay. I think it's the discuss, it's disgraceful. And you are God, so you. I have rule. I've made my choice. Yeah, we're all. God bless you sweetheart. You're misleading. I'll pray for it. I think it. Okay. I'm lucky. Let's see the tape. It's going to be out there on the table. The table we out is you can be sure it'll be on the evening. Those five thousand times tonight. They got the video tape video tape at six. That's what Warner Wolf said. Get that tape out there. Let's take a peek at this and see what kind of crap. And you know, she's very nice. And maybe she's got a point. Maybe he was worried about Quistola. It's big deal. Wow. Whoa. Stole in bicycle. Holy moly. Hey, I had my bike stolen when I was little. Yeah. Destroyed my life. I can never recover. I can tell. Finally, we got an explanation after all these years. 27 and they're like that little cat that's crafted my arm. Well, 25 years old, he did pushy cats ever since. Jim Mendes, toss horses. Oh, no. Oh, yeah. Right here. I'm sports radio 560 Q 8 out. I think I'll eat my bike. When I was little, I was a skinny little. They wouldn't let me play basketball. The game just pushed me around. Even the holes beat the camp out of me. But then I started drinking milk. I kept on drinking. I kept on drinking. And I kept on drinking. And now I'm a six foot five inch 280 pounds angry mother. And I'm gonna put some serious hood on everybody who ever did me. You f*** me. You go home in a body bag. Because I'm a natural phone milk freaking killer. Look, it does a body. It's 11.35. 60 WCM. Here's a sign. I don't know. I wish George were in years out picking a leak or something. But it says that you want to add Leon to the list. I can't these holes spell right? Oh, what is that all about? I thought his name was ELIA and Alien. Why did what is the one guy have a sign that says, do you want to add Leon? It talks about the 25 two and bodies at the bottom of the sea. Do we want to add Leon to the list? Or do you just stupid in a literate? I thought we were going to ship him back and not drown in. No, no, no, seriously. But why is he spelling an LIA and what is he off the E? Maybe just maybe he had his hand over it. No, he doesn't have his hand. Maybe he's got his hand on it. But not that I'm not not the letter E. Well, I can't see what you're watching. Guys, what about some spik is holding up a sign? By the way, there's an American flag. Oh, yeah, it's holding one and a sea of human flags. There's the red white and blue. Let's hear it. God bless America. Come on, everybody. Let's sing it. Do you want to sing it? No. Get Kate Smith out there. Don't have the iron S building this game in 79. Get around there before it's too late. We are not really rushed down there. Straighten these poor bastards out. Come on, all these other desperate people from all over the guy in the neighborhood. Do they count? Oh, I'm sorry. Excuse me for getting carried away. I forgot about the special privilege. The privilege class in this town. Here's my me, be, Chelo. Yes, no, how you doing? Okay. This is an I grew up. Let me tell you something. I am so sick of this stuff. I'm so sick about there in this kid. And then he asked you something. You went on the buscane bullet bar right now. And those humans down there, they don't even speak English. They don't even know that. They don't even have jobs. How do you know that? You know what they should do? They should go get the kid. Okay. I mean, I'm going to sit here and listen to that crap crap. Of course not. There are people down there. Like he says, the most of them look like they're, you know, they have no job. I'm sure if I don't know. I have a job or not. This guy's just talking about your crap. Oh, Jesus, we're not cutting out of this. The Antingue. I don't want to see Bill Cosby. Oh, here we go. It's on channel six. Thank God. Position of a greeting with the INS. But I basically think that Janet really will be attorney general who oversees the INS and endorse my concern are people of honor integrity. And this decision about it. And yeah, I'm cannot be made on the basis of a quick protocol. That would be completely on ethical. What about the client? I'm a daily honor boss. I think that there wasn't. They just want their day in court. Well, I'm not an attorney. But it seems to me that the issue here is who's burden of proof it is in this case. There has been nothing alleged regarding unfitement for the father in any of the comments of the attorneys. This is the father. He wants the child back. All the arguments that have heard are really political arguments about hardship and Cuba, whether he's under the rest or whatever the INS is. I saw the father. He was right. He was wearing a dress. All of the Catholic priest that they wanted to bring over here. And he was the one that was wearing the dress. He's the one to watch out for it. Not the father. Look at that. They just brought a little cake to Ali on Aaron and his goes says for your father for your father. Did they do that? No, no, but it sounds cute. Come on. Let's take a look. See God father. I mean, this talk about all the things that are going on in this world today and is country to all the desperate people, the starving people, the people that need of medical care, care, the homeless people, the people freezing to death of North all the stuff going on. And here's this 160-year-old kid and what a wonderful opportunity for the same old crazy people. The start caring. I seem like it's a cycle. Every two or three months they find some other God-damned flashpoint. Something else to set this off to give them excuse as an outlet for their psychotic behavior. Jesus Christ 20 years ago, Mary, I said, we're sick of this crap here already. We're tired of it. Here we are 20 years later in a new millennium allegedly and the stand crap going on here. What is there to say? I mean, we're also in the world as this go on. Only in the banana republic baby. Only in Miami. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay. Good year to you. Listen, I can't synthesize with everything you said. I listened to every day. I never call was the first time I've ever called you. I'm an air conditioning contractor in Miami. Yes. And I go through the same thing. I feel the same way you do. It's pathetic what this town has done. What the Cuban has done to Miami has got the neck or our neck for in the news. They tighten it every time we say something bad about them or we want to do something about it. They screen foul. We're against them. It's illegal in this town to write around an air conditioning truck. Even a work truck without proper licensing and without the proper lettering. Yeah. The Cuban do what I know. I hope you're running your bicycle helmet too, by the way. I'm sorry. What that? I said, I hope you're running your bicycle helmet too. Yeah, that's true too. I mean, they can ride this, they can ride in the streets with no helmets. They can do air conditioning contracting with no license, no permits. They can do whatever they want because they've got their buddies in office. If they do something wrong, you report them. They ride away. They pick up the phone. They call. We can be as blocked. They call alienarosts. Layton and everybody washes it and sweeps it under the rug. And what you say is, is a hundred percent true. I'd urge it the other day. We're without prisoner. We're prisoner and our own. And they take County is the only County in America that's actually a prison. It's like a hostage. You're a hundred percent right. I couldn't agree with you. I'm driving down the road and I'm doing work and I'm saying to myself, yeah, he is so right yet. And I don't know if anybody really listens to you the way I do, but everything you say makes all the sense in the world. It's it's a shame that you don't run for mayor. It's a shame that someone like you that will speak out and speak his piece and and not be afraid of what this politician or that politician or this owner of a business or what this mask can also is going to think about who cares. I mean, you will not be in the right. There's not enough grass in it. I'm making too much money here. I would do the same thing you're doing. I would stay where I'm out of. I'm making that kind of money because you know you can't make unless you're on the take, you know, the kind of money you're making working for the county of the city. And that's the problem. And I agree with you. Hang in there. I'm going to keep listening to you. I don't want to keep, you know, throw all my sister up with you and we'll hang in here together. Okay. Well, hang together. Okay. You got it. That's what Muslims told me. 560 50 50 50 50 50 50 60 on the AT&T wireless line. And the other time on is 877 mighty cone. Here's a mobile info letter Dale. Hello. Good morning. Neil, I've been here. When is this? Neil, because I'm pretending to be a alien issue in the beginning back in the in-sense giving. This is a way of what they thought to people flirting on the ocean also that they say they got mug of an alien step die. Isn't that right? I was that issue out. The video hasn't stopped anything about them. Right. Oh, yes. I'm listening, sir. Oh, I'm here. I'm here. You know, everything becomes alien and alien and this guy supposedly went to Cuba to pick up the woman with the child. If I'm in the opportunity to make so many smuggle people here, they got killed. In my opinion, the child belongs to the father. I would like to know how much such players money at this plan of this issue. That's what I have to say up in the day. And like I said, 560 50 50 50 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. 87 777 85 63 45. They got all the talking heads under the roll of pontificating butterbeats butterbook butterbub. Butterbub. Butterbub. Like this. Oh, here's a radio. Mombiga. I think that's your release. So, in no sense of any sympathy for this child's father. For example, no sense of sympathy. No understanding of that point of view. No, I'm just saying because people know they kind of leave the life that you live in Cuba. And they are sure that this child is going to be used as a person on that tour. Oh, and I could have seen that. He used this a project. It's all here. I'm like, thank goodness for that. Tell me a little bit more about some of the calls that you've been getting some of the indignation, as you said, from these colors regarding possible protests. Tell me the nature of those. You predicting those will be peaceful nonviolent protests. Tell me about that. You kind of have a tell. I mean, the way that the people are going to behave, they don't, but anyway, to now people are trying to demonstrate publicly. And they are indignation against this issue. But I don't think that they're going to do nothing violent. And we've heard of Jose Basuto from brothers to the rescue call. And really, for people to take to the streets, your thoughts on that, your feelings on that. Well, I think the people who are going to take this street, it's calling by the food store, by many others who are going to live in the community. But anyway, I don't think that this has to be any respect, thank you, or the community, to the peace of the community. And again, just briefly, as we wrap up, you're telling me, what do you think these protests will achieve? Obviously, the US government has made this decision. There is no going back. What do you hope to achieve by doing this? We're going to achieve one thing that's made people in the White House know that the killing community has not been taken for granted, that you cannot throw away the these, the political opinion of the human community and Florida. And I think that the more credit party is going to fade in the next election with the issues. All of those evil liberal Democrats, that's right. Even on this present for the last eight years, he's got that embargo against the evil fiddell, but nevertheless, was there a Democrat who ever did anything right? No, they were all bad. Every Democrat's bad evil, not a con communist, etc. This is about the way you heard the voice was, there's some goofball talk host from Araleo, Mandee, one of those guys. There's the ones, they're the ones. That's what the vote said. You're the one. 21 before noon is 560 WQM by the Democrats are at the hands of judges, is that okay? Yeah. NotPoc perso liand. Feld bastsen suspects the in theФ Month. Too long you've laughed at But they have picked Should have worked He tell you make me sick Forget the cue but quick You are so God never it's you and me go Son of a bitch This all we know you like Are you behind the strike Where were you in 63 Did you still can't be More than more than more than More than more than more than You're not now in the unination Are you in to mass up station See there will be the embargo Cuba will become another key cargo You say You say With 30 rows of rampant most away Close it Yes Oh get out of Cuba We just can't use just You're in a round way too long Yes You ugly but I could long you laugh The tough day I think so that we're You're a little sick You're not a Cuba quick You are so God never it's you I'm not going to talk about that You're not going to talk about that You're not going to talk about that You're not going to talk about that You're not going to talk about that You're not going to talk about that You're not going to talk about that You're not going to talk about that You're not going to talk about that You're not going to talk about that You're not going to talk about that You're not going to talk about that You're not going to talk about that You're not going to talk about that You're not going to talk about that You're like the city. Slown, the most Who are you from? I'm from the敢. We are from the sea. And you're siding with me. Not a call, is it 1145 at 5. With the 57ונים 245 at 60 times 70 at 1145 at 6úng for the dimension The indi Former Forteen is one of two Comforters Togund when it comes to that it could be soon. We see the reports that that is the ruling made by the immigration officials. Right now, Kevin's Mark Lundner is standing by just outside INS where you are watching right now that protesters. Most of these people down there by the way, speaking of no jobs, both of these are ancient, their fossils retired. God has gone up again as it does sporadically for out this protest. We can't wait until we're investigating about 220 people. 250 people. What's the big stimulus with that? What's the big? We got more people waiting online to get paid for past new bills here at 2 AM. 250. Yeah, we got the 400 people lined up at Power 96 contest winners. We got a line up waiting to get their checks. God forbid they should protest. Yeah. Better not. Take another six months. At least, easy. 250 people, mostly Cuban flags. If you open there's one American flag there. And one, I don't know what they'll let us. And mostly old fossils, they got nothing to do. You know, it may be raining down there or domino park. What else are they going to do today? For Christ's sake. And here, here's some young guy with a t-shirt. But I mean, but I'm a bit of a b-i-z. Yeah, we have it in the arms of the people who are around 2 young guys. And the rest of the people, old parts are 90 plus. Novent that dose. That is one guy. He looks like he got a bad dose. And here's one guy with a bull horn. Certainly nobody expects a scene in which he is forcefully put on an airplane or something like that. That's not done. I don't know how to bull horn. He yelled at, not at home. How do you like that? And that's what he's yelling. I don't know what that's all about. He must be listening to this show. You think so? Yeah. And I noticed by the way, I don't even said, you know what he's going to say. They're not going to call. They're embarrassed. Just like George is. He's red in the post. I do my bag away. He's beyond a bear. I got to make him to the bag. Here's a mobile and sunrise, hello. I nailed it. That's great. On a serious note, was it kid on the bike? I'm a security guard over in sunrise. And all fairness to the cops. It's done for a reason. The handcuffs are done for a reason for the safety of the kid and the cops. And I just wanted to give you that point. Well, wait a minute. Wait a minute. And that's it. He doesn't want to hang a law around for a conversation. It's done for the safety of the cops and the safety of the kid. Well, I'm telling you, we've got more guy than a politician. No matter what the guy than cops doing his police state of ours, there are a whole line of apologists to wait to come on it. Just like the facts I got him in the go. Oh, I suppose the kid would have gotten a wreck and gotten a brain damage, etc. And so I'm by writing the bike with on a helmet. Well, you know what? You take your chances. You do the best you can to inform the public. And if he wants to ride without the guy than helmet, uh, tough crap. But the idea of handcuffing somebody to a bicycle and then throwing him down on a ground twice when he tries to get up, I'm sorry. I'm not buying it. And the fact that the kid was black, please, please don't try to tell me that that had nothing to do with it. I guess what color the kid stole my bike was black. Like I said, check the plates. Uh, 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Are you saying that it's far too short to see all the bikes? I hate to break the news to you. Everybody's at a bicycle and Amsterdam and they do get stolen on occasion. And you know who steals them? There's a mobile, you know, instead of all. Hello. Yes, morning, Neil, can you hear me? I hear you. Uh, I just wanted to comment for those Americans out there that were about losing their freedoms. They may not have heard this week that Ocean come out with a new ruling that your employer is responsible for anything happens to you if you're lucky enough to do your work at home. Yeah. And they're also a viable responsible inspector where a place in Ocean will too. And we do have once your employer come into your home, Tom, you what you're going to do and what you can't do. Or the government too to that matter. It might not like where you got your computer or you know, who knows what. And they might not like where your stuck or stuck. Oh, they might not like where you did. Yeah, it's come back. It's kind of guy. We want to see how this kid rid of them. Yeah. Can me ask the big innovation of our privacy and you know, you're here now. You're a resilient craft or what's what the illegal aliens come in. Why don't we just open up our borders? Anybody wants to come in and come in and do the healthcare. How we ought to do is take all the Mickey's cruise ships and put them out there. And anybody can get it on the cruise ship will bring them on in. And you know, it just hopeless. The way things to give it down. Of course those cruise ships keep getting lost anyway. So probably they'll never get here. That might be a good idea to solve the problem. So he kind of would court will lost each for the next six years anyway. See. Exactly. Okay. Good luck, pal. See you. Get that passport. Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Wireless line. We had any of our Cuban friends calling in here today. Oh. To denounce or reject this. All those really nothing going on. They got a right to be done. They're a mapping in a peaceful way. There's no disruption yet. But it's the crazy people. If they'd brothers to the rescue, the ones that keep shooting themselves in a case. They'd go George's that that's Albo 66 and were Alfa 66. Yeah. You got your two groups look stuff. I don't what what difference doesn't make. You better go home and watch that money Python movie again. Okay. Which one? They got it all. Well, watch them all. Which one was that in? Was it in the meaning of life? For the life of Brian. You know, where they had the different groups. The national life of Brian people from the people's front. Yeah. Where do you see people? We hang in front. Right. Same difference. One was around the world. The sisters of the poor. Whatever it is. Same crazy crap. Whipping everybody up into a frenzy. Let's go out in the street. And it's about time responsible people. No. We're not going to go out in the streets. All Martinists might be the sub. Especially all you short people in highly. Don't go running out in the streets. Roll a beat the crap on the hotel. That'll be the Schmidt. Are you? Even you German short guys out. Oh, by the way. Whoever saw a football team of the guy named Midget. He ever didn't take last night. They had a midget on our team. Who was great by the way. They had a midget. And the other team had a mini and a midget. The names of that game had to be all picturesque. Were they made up? Oh, great game. By the way. Nice going. What's their name? Hoy is Hokie. Hokie. And what's the sub session with Hokies? 5.670560. 5.660 on the 80. Are they done with this yet? Channel 7 actually running some spot. Clearly clears. Either doing the weather on 6. We must be. We're back on a price is right. He's in theory. And we're going to go on a ride riding on. Okay. We know about him. Here's a tempered pine. Hello. Hey. We'll go ahead. We'll go ahead. No. Hey, listen. I have some news about Mrs. Quentin. Yeah. I mean that most people probably know. But maybe they don't. That she's a lesbian. Oh, in fact. Yeah. Okay. 5.670560. Ponders of brilliant call. Like I said, let's get a lot more of these calls on baby. Yeah. I understand the just sent her in Janet Reno off the nettle and do a pull up those dikes. 5.670560. Pond. 560 on the 80 and T.Y. Was lying. Here's Westchester. Hello. Westchester. Hello. Hello. I'm a long time. Listen at first time. Call on. I want to know. Sounds like the telephone is inserted in your record. You're speaking into the phone or what was taken right into the phone. Okay. Just got out of business from the school. It sounds like it. And did you know what kind of food? Do you have the stomach virus that I've got? No. I've had to. Oh, that's even worse. Well, I'm sorry for it. Thank you. I think. I just wanted to see why they don't mention anything about the food. I think about the food kids from that. That was father died on a Haitian boat. Right. And there nobody makes any fuss about a kid. Wilson father. Right. And nobody says anything about it. They're probably shipping them back. They don't take that kid. If it's not right back, they're already shipping back. I don't see why they should have. They should have kept him here. They say, give him some old American baseballs and said, Go on. We saw these and do a real good job. I get out of our face. That's what they said. That's right. Well, that's the bottle. I've got to say it. Okay. Feel better, pal. Okay. God bless you. God bless America. Come on. Let's sing it. Let's hold hands. It's in God bless. How's it going? 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Where is Desi and Lucy when we need them to do a little Bob blue here and lighten it up a little bit. Make everybody feel a little bit better about that. Boba, Lou, come on. You can do it. That's what they're singing down there. Look at it. It's somehow some way. Ealy on will be allowed to go. Boba, I don't think everything here this morning has been there. At least, like, hook a rock. Come on. One chorus. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Eddie, all are you? Yes, you're a great. And back to you. I was watching the news last time. The key of them guys said that we're going to protest at the end of my Emmy on Thursday. I have to go to the end of the for work. I mean, what are these people just for a living? Kind of they make money. Well, like I said, most of the people that I'm watching out the INS building, most of them are over the age of 100. And so they're not working people. And of course, there's a few young punks down there who are taking advantage of the opportunity glutton the screw off and probably unemployed anyway. Well, maybe what we should do is get these cops from our west ponder seem to be raised as and get them down there and beat the hell at our little cuban family. Okay, well, I'll be sure and give you a name of the dress tell them you suggested that. And phone number. Take it's phone number. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 80 in the world is lying. Nothing going on. If you're at work if you're in your car, nobody's in a panic. Don't think that's going to go on. I'm going to go on if the local media has to guarantee it has to do with themselves something is going to happen. Not Channel 7! Yes! And what does the call his buddies out there? Something's going to be... Today by INS officials saying in fact that the boys father does have the right to custody of his son. What are you, Oka? The father's got right to custody with son. I guess it's like that's a shaking revelation. Is the rain big news in that? No. Just common sense. In addition to which, you know, once he goes back there assuming they can get his ass out of here and send him back there, he's not going to live like other 6-year-old Cuban kids. He's going to be a superstar. They already got all the t-shirts with his picture on. He's going to be elevated as well. He's going to be bigger than El Duque. They're going to make a big show. In fact, he might be the successor. He might be the next dolly Lama, you know? Well, he is the baby Jesus. Oh, and I forgot about that. It's the baby Jesus. I know it. I know it. He's the baby Jesus. I saw him. They got that we're dealing with rational people here in the middle of this. You know what I'm saying? All rational people don't get his cervical and the Eeeeh. Like that. God, this should be our worst problem, you know? This should be this. This should be the worst God-dancing that ever happens in our lives. And this kid, he can't lose. I don't want to sound insensitive. He can't lose. Because if he stays here, they're going to make him into a super-thera. Probably give him his own big-the-make-a-hold-big-displayed Epecott, Elianland, you know? Eliegel, Elianland, or something like that. And if he goes back there, like I just said, they're going to treat him with, he's going to be living high off the hall. He's not going to be in no rice and beans. What about the holidays that they eat over there? What do they eat? Fortunately, remember? That's the horse me, like I said. It's not like the French them. In fact, maybe he was at that restaurant that catered that the Christmas are all I'm sorry. That restaurant days, I'm sorry. The one where you saw the Wipmarks on the side as soon as you burst this. And that's what Peter Leonard said. Saw those Wipmarks. I'd like to see him with Wipmarks, you know? Oh, God. Probably wouldn't show up though, or against that burgundy skin. You hit him hard enough. Well, let's give it a shot. Three minutes before I know it's 560 WQM. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 560's, you a- And- One radio, five-speed beans, don't you see? And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- And- Cause it was so snowy snowy I wish it was from this nasty act Black head, I'm dead Turn around, go back to bed Don't wanna give it a stretch I shouldn't give it a fit The battle making it so gigantic This thing will be the southern back truck Yeah, it's for sure the piss nats the act Black head, look And I'm gonna give it a stretch I'm gonna give it a fit I don't care if we can't check anything The truth is that I can't stop Do I make this big nats the act? Black head, I'm... All right To the garage at the INS building with a police escort A garage that's usually off limits to anybody But people who work for the immigration service The security has been a very strong consideration out here All morning at the big moth, he has set crowds with a symbol To protest the expected decision to send alien Gonzalez back to Cuba Okay, Channel 7 there are on this They're all over it man Like stick on mission it 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T line Here's Tamarack, hello Hey, how you doing Neil? Pretty good All right, just wanted to comment on the situation with the kid On the bicycle Yes Basically, you know, you don't know what was going through that officer's mind He's gonna have to explain for himself why he caught the kid But I can't comment on kids today in society As young as nine years old All wrong probation for violent crimes And the kids are just getting worse Black, white, or indifferent You know, you just never know what's going through You know, one of these kids's minds Or even the officers, my maybe had a bad experience With some kid that, you know, put something in his mind You know, he just feels that may have been the right thing to do That's that point I'm not buying this Okay I'm just not buying it I just, I don't, I think it's an overreaction Maybe, you know, when all of it comes out after the big lawsuit is filed Which I'm sure that there will be one For sure, there's definitely going to be some repercussions You know, on his end, you know, for cutting a nine year old child But, you know, you never know what went through his mind At that point, you know, and I can assure you by the way that he didn't know that he was being videotaped Oh, sure, I mean, I think all the other video tips that they're always showing on TV with the media Fox has made entire programs out of them Where cops are brutalizing people Usually black by the way, or usually very young And in this case, both Oh, sure, I mean, it's always going to go on That things are going to get videotaped And, you know, situations are going to get videotaped That you go wrong And, you know, it's just something that he's going to have to explain for himself In the future, in a court case That's basically what it's going to boil down to I think given 10 million and just, you know, call it even Basically, yeah, I mean, you might as well call it a loss Because any which way you slice it, you know, he's going to wind up on the losing end Okay, okay, have a great day You two sir 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pond 5, 60, see, you know, always take the opposition Opposition the cops, you know, that's right Just like those cops that were banging on 16 year old girls down to a candle Cover up cover up just like the set the icing It's all by all smells the same It's all the same garbage And for every bad cop that they catch with the drugs and the murders and all the other stuff The, of my me river cops all these different cases For every one of they catch, there's how many hundreds of them that they don't catch doing all of this stuff Just like the pop police And just like that story that I read this morning from Josie Lambe For a sure hope I didn't toss that away Oh, God, please tell me I didn't do that about Ken Jenney Oh, here it is In case you missed this, this is much bigger news, okay The big adult, the business, the adult supermarket, the sex supermarket that they put on the corner of Broward in Northwest 25th Avenue One short block east of the BS Hey quarters, ultimate adult video And it says we've got at least 10 deputies a day The owner Peter Pass says they're among our best clients Some of them come in uniform, I guess that's a play on word score score Some of them come in their uniforms and their patrol cars And they're big on sex toys, condoms, and videos, how do you like that? Oh, there's people in a uniform I know that comes in great shock, like athletes and everybody else in uniforms America's got this obsession, in fact, maybe the whole world with people in uniforms Like somehow it's like the church with their outfits on I hate to break the news table, but everybody's naked It's usually not a pretty sight When you take the uniforms off, they all pretty much look the same Yeah, we all pretty much look like crap And even if they look good naked, believe me, the uniform had nothing Except the mistake So here we got the same shirt, who's busy trying to close down Every adult establishment in Broward County And rating the swing clubs and everything else you can do Mr. Antisex, Mr. Rudy Giuliani Jr And they build this big joint like a short block away And his people are going in there, they're some of the best customers And you want to know why they're some of the best customers Because number one they're horny, number two they know they're not going to get busted How do you like that? They're not going to get busted, who's going to bust them? When they go in there in uniform Didn't some of the cops get busted at the swing club But they weren't going to get it Huh? They weren't BSW, they were from like other departments Other precinct And they also didn't have a badge on their They couldn't tell They didn't have their badge number tattooed on their They wouldn't know, left him alone They're born, well five six seven five sixty, pound five sixty On the AT&T line Here's Miami, hello Yeah, hello, Neil, yes sir Hey, nice bubble to you today Bubble to you today Bubble to you today I was just catching that beating friend of the going on all over the news today About the whole alien thing Hey, yeah, this is just another way to prove how to screw it up this town You know, but anyway, I wanted such a piece on a couple of other things As far away Well, it is refreshing to see all these white people in that neighborhood for a change So that's kind of interesting No, I knew Oh, and there she is, wait I'm here in South Florida, I just could say that he does belong with his father again Oh, I think we're not hearing what you say They got Ellie Anna Rosanna then, oh, and later on there She just sends me that bitch Yeah, she's getting attacked by all these reports Oh, yeah, but she makes me puked But anyway I was referring to the show when you were doing it with no calls Yes, I actually like it with the calls for two reasons Because you'll either get really good calls Everyone's in a while or you get these really outrageous You can call them which are just a way Yeah, so as and one more thing, George, I fear your pain man I grew up in a terrible neighborhood got my bicycle on by three black kids There you go So I feel your pain, brother I think that cop me had a good point up there, you know Yeah Okay, have a great day Have a good day, Neil Is that what I said before? Oh, yeah I think he had a good point That kid might have been an asthmader He might have been kind of OJ for all we know He might even own Roll And Pedro Rodrigo for all we know Let's play that by Karen Carver What do you say for all we know 560, 560, 560 You know the more I think about it I did like a lot of their music But she had a really morbid voice Maybe that's why she stopped eating in cropped, you know She had a good voice But morbid It was low, most gay and low High Low, like kind of like that Yeah, it was different No, I do like their music but she was morbid 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T line And the other timeline, silent Dorman I'm not wasting my time but that number Okay, you know the number To you guys, all right Palm Beach County Fort Myers, Fort Pierce, Fort whatever Here's plantation, hello Yeah, it's better to sit in there at the parade All these people should be working Yeah You know Most of the mario are too old to be working pal Well, then they should be too old to look at What should be in the nursing home right? Exactly I mean, all those people out there What are they going to prove they're going to do nothing? They should be doing something more Thanks for getting there live They should be at a hospital, visiting some sick people Why not? Why should they be going to a hospital, visiting some sick people At some sick kids in a hospital Taking them some bananas and cookies and stuff And some beans and rice And horse meat 560, 560, Palm 560, on the AT&T And like I said, it's a much to do There's three cops, three The city of Miami, Fort Worth, there's four, four, one There's four porters there They got the street blocked off right there There's one of these by the way George, take a look on Channel 7 There's the Wendy's I can't, why not? I don't have the cable in here Oh Like I said, there's one of these on a corner of this game In the 79's to one that you like so much And it's daylight, I wouldn't go down there for a burger right now But nevertheless, they were very nice about making it Without the bun by the way, they're a number Yeah And we got to say that it's crowded Maybe now 300 people Wow Yeah, there's a big no big Timbers And nothing's going on And they're like milling around and walking around And of course they're waiting for the official announcement That's when they're going to start going I don't know Like that, ballistic Oh no, oh no, oh Or is they don't say, oh, they say, oh, yeah, I'm sorry I'm sports radio, 560 You say, hey, hey I don't want to say that, so, well, I'm George, Jr Nice to be out here fishing, Wendy Looks like you're pretty much got to the election line I got to ask how to do it Oh, hey, dad, it was easy I just listened to my boss The one he used to be my boss That's right, daddy They want, huh But what they tell you to do, George, stop being They said, read my lips Drink, bush life Bush life Uh, it has all the famous fortune of my good family name Without any of that, I don't want it specific competitors Some stand up inside of my vision for the nation That boy, you're going to make a finalist in our cabinet Naning Looking for popularity without having to actually express any real political agenda Want to win it all without ever actually saying what you're thinking I push life Just a few say ups and I find I'm not bothered with thinking at all Bush life, almost looks like the original But it's not I believe that the most important aspect of a good foreign policy Is being able to have a policy Regarding foreign affairs Thank you Thank you And thank you Bush life Bush life But the candidate who has it all And did nothing to get there Perfecto It's the 1214 at 560 WQM Hangover, get sure listening to a clock book shop A 6th, then we got that the Herkland basketball at 730 Panthers at the Mighty Ducks Ten o'clock pregame tonight Are you going to be listening, huh? No Going to be watching No 560, 560, pound 560 On the 18th, T-line Oh, oh The result I an estimate twice With the father in Cuba And separately with the great uncle And the lawyers in Miami This is the worst my life After careful evaluation of the relevant facts I an S has determined That Mr. Wong's done dollars of Cuba Has the sole legal authority To speak on behalf of his son, Ellian I am a daughter in the L.A. Immigration status in the United States There is no question That Mr. Gonzalez is Ellian's father Oh, whatever Mr. Gonzalez has had a close And continuous personal relationship with his son During I an S is interviews with Ellian's father The father provided vivid details about his parental relationship With his son and about the nature of the bond that they share As father and son He provided extensive documentation about Ellian's schooling And his medical and health histories As well as photographs Depicting the activities In which he and his other family members Frequently participated with Ellian The scope of information and the level of detail The Mr. Gonzalez provided Helped in from I an S as to the nature And the closeness of the relationship Mr. Gonzalez shared with his son I an S has not uncovered any information That might call into question Mr. Gonzalez is parental And legal rights with regards to Ellian's immigration status During I an S is two meetings with Mr. Gonzalez His wishes for Ellian were discussed at some lengths The father made it very clear during both of these meetings That he wants Ellian return to him as soon as possible Based on these meetings, I an S believes that the father is expressing his true wishes And therefore we have determined that Ellian should be reunited With his father Mr. Gonzalez I an S has advised both Mr. Gonzalez And Ellian's great uncle in Miami of the decision The negative traits of his parents to work with all the parties involved To make the appropriate arrangements for Ellian's return to his father By January 14th, 2000 Mr. Hengelando el Pollo para acá Having reached a decision, I an S believes there are several ways This decision can be carried out The United States has discussed with the government of Cuba Their consideration of allowing Mr. Gonzalez Ellian's father To travel to the United States to accompany Ellian home I an S has also offered Ellian's great uncle in Miami And any member of his Miami family An opportunity to escort Ellian back to Cuba In addition, third parties have offered to assist in facilitating Ellian's return to his father I an S is ready to work with the family And others to make appropriate arrangements for Ellian to be reunited with his father We believe that this decision can be carried out without I an S is taking charge of Ellian This decision has been based on the facts and the law Both United States and international law Recognize the unique relationship between parents and child And family reunification has long been a cornerstone Of both American immigration law and I an S practice It is our hope that with the knowledge of today's decision The Miami relatives will agree to cooperate No, to work together No, with either Ellian's father or a third party No, to facilitate Ellian's return to his father No, this little boy who has been through so much Be long with his father We urge everyone involved to understand Respect and uphold the bond Between parent and child and the laws of the United States Thank you very much The law is a little bit more than a number of people I am sorry I am sorry I am sorry I am sorry I am sorry I am sorry I am sorry I am sorry I am sorry I am sorry I am sorry I am sorry I am sorry I am sorry I am sorry I am sorry I am sorry I am sorry I am sorry This program involves greater unity And there are more than 10 lines And there are 10 in this session That will happen 5 analyzing of the game 4 and the best asks for the problems 3 and 6 going down But I am sorry It is exciting I have seen them right after Undrant Let me apologize pissed off and I've had I've had enough of this crap did you see the arrow yes the front page crap where the brothers to the rescue leader was pinning the wings of something on this idiot the flu the airplane over the vano last weekend yeah what kind of crap is that is that what are we supposed to think that that's a metal of honor like the purple heart the government with the stoa ponds and by the death something good evidently what kind of crap is that crap and if there's a there's a brand of crap you should know a kind of crap it is they're connected to it for a long time now over and over again and the herald endorses it like it's somebody like like we're all supposed to know my god what a what a great brain guy this guy was he was a fricken lunatic that's all I got to say okay good luck pal go kiss a amenity five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line doors might have spoken from the i and s by nine days from now alien should be back in trouble with that and by the way there will be a lot of worst places in the world that it could be than there I know that comes to the shock to some people in the audience there will be a lot of worst places that it could be like in Haiti for example we're in la república de Minicana or like in de caragua or like man he co I can take a soul many other places where he live in much much worse poverty and especially a lot of the fact that now he's been made across the lead mostly by people over here who give them the opportunity as always give cash to the opportunity to make a big PR move and make a big stick in a song to dance and he did and encouraged and the word we're looking for is co-wrest and encourage all those people to go out there and protest and where the alien t-shirts and the signs etc and so on and there you go and so now he's going to be the king of the universe melahau aloma and he ain't even Jewish what's with the line three by the way is that line working or something kind of funky you a little worried about this phone a little concerned if had too many days in the row all of a week did have that line seven thing I'm wondering that was good here's a call from the grove hello hello god yes sir speaking about alien see why don't you go back to kill for you spit fast so far oh my god they're playing amateur to a shun the uh well don't you go back to kill for you spit fast there you go alright we're excellent drivers you're but are going to quality of our stuff and not very good equipment here but there we go and why we're at it by the way but I get it back on how I will deal about that of the old here's a mobile implantation hello yes sir you know I really get me what brought your answer okay these Cubans come over here they're robbing us they come over here they work for 10 years and they get social security you and I bus our ass for 40 years and we get social security they come over here we're 10 15 20 okay and I's knowing you're George I'm not sorry light okay George is in the 70's no certain about it's bad okay but he's this guy's been coming over and check I think 567 0560 560 the 8 you sent to the people here a little frustrated with his crap yeah now I don't want to say it all affairs because I am objective and I try to be fair even though sometimes I feel very badly but nevertheless there aren't any more people out there right now it doesn't look like to me on a quarter of busking in 79 there were the Haitians a couple of days ago who had a legitimate complaint at legitimate grievance and who were peaceful and we're not obnoxious and they made their demonstration that was it and there are people out there right now and they're standing around mostly Cuban flags in Latin American flag and a couple of people are like and that's it and has been made we understand that there are pearls for people to go to alia in housing in Spain around the house and then continue demonstrating from our alia in Miami relatives have not yet emerged from the immigration building they came here shortly after 11 o'clock i.n.s in other words the message is forget about the i.n.s forget about the law forget about what the courts will say which they will say something forget about the law we want it this way and like a bunch of small little children we're going to make it happen and you're going to do it our way or or something let me say it again i live in Broward County all right me too but 25 and 560 wqam just keep in mind by the way one more good reason to live in the Broward County or someplace besides date only in the banana republic baby only in Miami the this crap go on it can't win those this go on 4356 2A have fire fighters remain perched high on these long ladders a hoses in hand the following is a paid political announcement hey president trump here well check a fan not president yet but realistically you know i'm going to win president i've got the personnel and if that don't do it i'll make a couple of calls i know some of you anyways the future first lady would like to say fewer i like for to have more of the diamonds for my neck and a plea yeah in a bit of baby anyway here's what to call my platform my first order business when elected will be to change the height plate chart for women to consider all women under six feet tall and over hundred and six pounds to be deemed not the obese and therefore sent to an island for fat people i think will have to kill and put their own food that should teach them my diamonds i am not saying whatever just just just now my second order of business is going to be to legalize gambling in all 51 states that's right 51 see effective immediately after the guy the robes wears me in all the acquiring cuba probably if we were public if don't you oh and i'm going to make a white house much much taller so it'll become the tallest residential building in the world i want to be based on what you think i need now yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah i love to stay in chat i'm not being president but i have to go have sex with my super model girlfriend now god bless the united states of america the city was paid for by thousands of compulsive gamblers sitting in front of one armband it's at trump star schmahall property at five fifty wqm we got hank at the school of state two at two o'clock today word has did rumour i just heard is that hank's going to be doing a half hour apology to that broad i mean at the nice lady you know the one of t-cell columns just wanted to get a look at and that's the rumour that i'm here five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-line here's west pombie chillo west pomb what got happened to that line hello hey near sir i don't know how in the world i'll be able to talk about two colors and they were great i think your fingers getting too slow for the dumb button for that last guy uh a couple weeks ago we talking about the police corruption stuff yeah this is an as bad but how that public and uh uh uh off duty cop came pouring up in his uh cop car into the fire lane jumped out to do his dry cleaning right yes sir if there was us we'd be ticketed for any thanks five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen you see the important things that these people are worried about jesus christ wow and you cops out there by course he probably was at that uh del story you know maybe he came in his uniform here's a mobile and poor waterdale hello in the hell how you doing okay listen uh i'm curious about something what what your opinion is as far as like what's my icon it yeah we had the impeachment hearings and uh with shots with high crimes and a mis uh high crimes and you're a misdemeanor yeah yeah um what was that all about now the two of the uh these jobs you what was it now the community two of the community screaming about treason in this country speaking against the government and protesting blocking the road what does this a bit why don't they not get charged with uh with crimes because they got the accused of the kingdom do you know what I mean uh we pop the we obviously we're one of the one of the humans know about blow jobs anyway the democrats are gonna pay for what's up about what type of hey hey hey hey hey without you understand your dealing with right wing one-note Charlie's I mean what do you sound so confused about like this is like something new this is the same I hear a word yeah this is the United States of America this you said go out there on the corner of biscayne in 79th with your american flag and keep saying this is the United States of America keep saying it over and over again okay because i'm a half time for it five six seven five six five six the United States the police state you clown you silly person you this is a freaking police state and whoever's got the keys to the kingdom whoever's paying off the right people whoever's got the politicians and the judges in their pocket they're the ones that uh get the action period Jesus Christ grow up pal come on the 23th century please before it's too late wake up and it's not a stick as big as big the daffodils take our sentiment here's a mobile in Miami lake hello hi Neil yes and hi enjoy show fortunately I'm been able to hear it today but I just got home turn on television seat on every channel you're getting all this stuff and just heard the uh the announcement from the i and s you know fortunately they did the right thing here this is a no-brainer the kidney to be reunited with his father of course what would be funny and this has been kind of a funny thing through the whole thing is is for the father to fly over you reunite with this son as he should you know and then decide hey I want to say yeah but see I thought that too but the problem with that is if that's gonna happen then that's a very bad president well it is a bad president but it will be a little funny I mean it's the whole thing has been uh kind of a political uh I don't know what you would call it uh in addition to which that would certainly precipitate some kind of an international tension I'm not sure we're gonna have a war over it but it would certainly create a very uh bad scenario between the way it might it might not be that it's so great right now but it would make it a lot worse but it would be kind of funny and with an ironic you know if this guy comes over I don't think it would be funny at all I think what all to happen is what's supposed to happen and that the the kidney that I'm in for for once they did the right thing and whatever the Cuban enthal can be interesting what's looking how many people are in Cuba right now will never get to Disney line oh well they got to build better both I don't know I love you Neil thanks buddy I never let you keep it up no what we have to do is not have better bullets but a better immigration policy that's what we need to do like I said yesterday enough already cut the crap just say no and then they won't come if you say yes then they'll come if you say no then they'll stop coming and this uh toll on to our policy this this is just uh the craziest thing in history mankind which is why you saw that desperate thing we had months and months ago where we had the coast guard with a guy then pepper spray and they're trying desperately to get the last few yards to shore and a coast guard is holding a mouth there just a pile of crap that's like the don't ask don't tell policy exactly not a cone make up your mind on it are they in or are they out that's the question here's a mobile and little havana hello what's up Neil how you don't say like to thank you for separating the right wing nutty crazy old uh domino playing Cuban right from the law biting yeah there's only there only two or three hundred people out there and then of course once the audio mong be in these other stations and the brothers to the rescue get other people with definitely the usual saying thousand or two thousand people and the right the rational people which is the overwhelming majority they're embarrassed and humiliated by this little one they part of it absolutely actually I would uh those uh that little population though that I live in little havana and I have a really crappy car so if you're blocking my way home I will run into you I hear you got bad breaks to is what I hear absolutely good luck yeah it's hard to give those pedestrians a break when you don't have any you know that's right oh sorry I wanted to stop but uh five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line here's North Miami hello Neil how you doing pretty good yeah I just saw on the news about the scientists decision I think the worries need is now we got to go through all these stupid protests again and they're gonna be tying up traffic and making these human chains across the problem around the house human chain around the house so do you like that yeah that's that's wonderful you know it's like that what right do these people think they have and the keep this kid away from his natural father that's what I want to stand don't confuse them with the fact in other words they have spoken they've made their decision to what has to happen and the kid is just a they don't care about the kid they don't care about the father all they care about is making another guy damn one of their hysterical statements I you see we stuck at the cash there okay that's all they care about I'm so sick and tired of going down cash or I just want to puke I just I can't take it anymore I was going to race here I grew up in North Miami and I can't take it anymore you and we gotta get to hell out I'll see and Broward all right take it yeah I don't want anybody to get nervous around him but we are going to be building a wall at the dead date Broward line right there at the Golden League dinner chain we're going to be building a gigantic wall they're very soon with barbed wire with charged barbed wire and that's just the way it is okay don't take it personally I mean unless you want to but we are going to be building a gigantic in fact the remnants of the Berlin wall that have been selling those souvenir shops they are going to be shipping all those remnants in here from the Berlin wall and building a big abandoned bridge exactly or maybe just a Brooklyn bridge there's still singing a ghost in every now and then maybe we get a lot of the around the world our start is there if these in 60's groups what is it we could get some of those Connie crowns to guard the wall sure they're out of the job no problem 22 before one is five so here what's this sign what's this money cone no pianist say a money it does double you double you dot my decone something like that he thinks I'm joking sports radio 60 Q a m I'm here and he won't bend over a chair look to stay in TV welcome outside of something hanging down there there back is all I can see is if you're just a little bit too tight for me I'll use the cable I tell you and it's not out of the way what the matter who you do if they can't see you when they're taking it up the to anyone bent over a chair for the other guys as long as they're not too much care then it should feel fine there every time I see a brown eyes smiling I'll try to fill the eyes and sit there and inside the only thing that's really sweet down from getting hard is when the other ones far bent over the chair I don't care if your legs up far so they must not really on and those are the chair I don't care if they're legs up on that's what the one time they're in red no less so they must not really on come on let's go what you say come on oh 18 to one at five 60 WQM here's a fact it says a channel 7 reporter with the INS so you wouldn't believe who this is from by the way but I won't say it on the air to protect his safety the channel 7 reporter with the INS protest coded one woman is saying we built by any will destroy my me regarding her dismay at the alien decision guess what lady it's too late 560 5060 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line here's a mobile and westchester hello Neil yes sir are you this is a who-year-old born in camp of Florida and I'm a firm believer in all the all the aspects of all the humans that are here in land but unfortunately on this one I don't agree with you know it's it's simple principle you cannot take the child away from you know a parent if they are alive if the situation was that you know that his father will also die and then there was then there's no questions about it right for in this case he has to be you know who we return you know to his only you know other other parent who is alive I am a Cuban I was born in the camp I played the animal that smokes regards but I'm a I'm a purber believer of what this country stands for and this is something that we do have to that unfortunately it is an unfortunate matter you think are really bad in Cuba you know even though it I think it's not as bad as everybody you know as all the Cubans you know have it out to me I thought you want to the alien I've got a lot better chances to revive in school every day than he has going to school in the US at least he's not going to get shot in school over there well yeah that is yeah that's one thing that it's something to think about yeah but it's true I agree with you but I am a firm believer of all the other you know this us Cubans have gone through a bunch of crap here in the United States the Americans are a big bearded man has been around okay well listen maybe a wake up with wild diarrhea anymore have a great day pal five six seven five come on let's let's have a curse on fiddle for a while for me diarrhea I'll let's use full of it it probably be on a pot for day before it's finally and the Elvis don't forget the king died on Jerome absolutely correct what is it sent us out some of the yeah get Peter Leonard over there with a care package for it out wow here's the mommy sure is hello mommy sure is yeah hi how you do that's a good yeah I was I hate to say I was one of those people down there at the 79th Street standing there with all those second class citizens and I think that's all the other day but what would it I don't understand what does that mean all those Cubans I think you're all second class citizen well why are you standing there standing there with your green cards I think is the ridiculous I think you just said I was one of the people there I was driving by I got out of my car I just was anxious to see what was going on I'm hoping this kick was back tomorrow yeah I think he belongs with his uh let me ask you what is going on because that motion on TV for less two hours are you much of anything going on you played on the radio all the time they're going yeah get get get get get get I mean most of the people I'm looking at right now they're just standing there doing nothing they got their hands in their pockets feeling the change and there's a couple of Cuban flags up in here and the American flag is gone I think everybody down there had a hold no excuse and slides up should be on that plane with the alien going back to Cuba okay okay you're in the United States be proud of where you are on use the companies they're right you know I talked to some people either have an interview tonight I shout it out speak English I feel as long as they continue speak rap or Spanish language and carry those Cuban flags or whatever flags they carry they're only going to be second class it is okay through time and you're out five six seven five sixty pound five two six second class it isn't oh okay I thought he said that pound five sixty on the 18t wireless line the out of town line is that they're uninterested they don't care about this stuff you know doesn't affect them they're just like it's also not done they're or we eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five here is Miami hello hello I what's up Neil yes sir you know what's really bugged me is that for every irrational tune there's a man you have some ignorant big it like the guy who just called let's do me Neil I think I have a solution all right I think though he didn't really say second class citizen but he was at my imagination I might have been your imagination I don't know I think I got a solution what we do is we have my monocle have a flat and what's the kid's name alien alien yeah whatever we we have them fly in for the weekend to visit his dad so he gets a registration rights and then he goes to school here uh huh so that way we know both people are happy yeah flyers and back and forth there you can spend a weekend over there and go to school here yeah there you go all right maybe they'll let that priest whom over there come here too and they'll keep him away is my best advice all right Neil have a little bit all right eight eight I am five six seven oh five sixty pomp five sixteen vital by channel 10 you know this I forgot to mention this before this really frost my ass see who also they're gonna go to is there any other live talk show in this town right now talking about it is no it's back is there any other is there any other that it got Jim role you know talking to another guy they're more of their syndicated shows with his point one whatever he's got uh that this is it this is it and channel 10 where they hate me like poisoned by the way and they got the host of the college George can they come over with a camera and tape while I'm taking these calls on this issue we got and the answer of course is no get out of here go away go dig up and bishops body into half fun with it okay just get out of my face despise me over to a channel 10 they hate me like poison and they got the host of the column gonna let them come over here and do their media circus on this show no so they must be really frustrated and it'll be spent all their time over there at a radio and non-be playing all of that crap that we've heard 50 million times before to you channel 10 okay that's my best best message to you all right here's a mobile in Miami hello there you how you doing yeah pretty good pretty good my name is Erica you doing call out that guy who called up a second class it isn't it he really say that to your four times I don't know okay I don't think so anyway well I know where where where where where is he from I mean I'm sure he's not he's not he's not he wasn't born in the here in the US as well but we got to do the whole thing that's going on with Elian and and I enhance in this decision being of Cuban parents and born here in the US and you're like I don't I'm not one of them going to be one of the people out there demonstrating but I do believe that at the same time we got to look at the situation in Cuba and everything that's being plotted out there and all the theater work that he's putting together picking up factory workers in buses and having them demonstrate and giving them no other choice leading to the fact that you know that's not forget we're here why we're out here at the US is because we got freedom of choice to the beat right and and to a point yeah to a point and and I think that the fair thing would be to let if it does not that's a kid of of anything happening they should let him come pick up his child here so he can stay alive on safely with his with his kid with his think no that he said they're not opposed to doing that as long as there is as long as the guarantee is that the kid will be released but you see when he have hysterical people threatening to block that and to reform a human chain around the house you know we're going to have problems definitely I'm a betting man that if I see that his father and any grandparents coming here to pick him up there's no way they're going back I just that's by opinion I'm not sure that's everybody's opinion but that's the way I think okay well we'll see you in fact and cabins gonna have the overs and others on that tonight you know I'm here in my favorite place having my secret hiding place having my lunch watch and my stock market smoking my cigar and I'm on all right and I'm having people you know all these channels be picking up by and by this whole early on thing exactly pisses you off okay let's have a talk for a buy a guiding lifetime have a great day pal better be over by guiding lifetime I'm going to be pissed off will it be over no bastards and you're right you people are right with a satellite this is thank God for those affiliates from the rest of the world from living in breathing places because when you're stuck with local affiliates like every other week we got another one he's crazy everything has been saved here comes the rabbit here comes the warrior with a schmathata said the orthodoxy and whatever his name is oh my god rabbi beans and rice oh get him out of here kasa hoi's rabbi boy he just look at him and everything that I despise about orthodox Jews just comes right dwelling up into my mind forget about the order here's a mobile and homestead hello mobile and homestead yeah mele yes sir I'm very very discouraged about these children's uh left tuba with their tailed of senior legs and they're probably tower I wonder how she's doing yes sir basically cows yeah I'm in the military I've uh I've done my thing for the country standing a fight that kind of abuse casher should be out of power and that's the end of it you know run from a problem you saw that right I think we're gonna send brothers to the rescue owners we can't decay his ass that ain't gonna work good luck pal has done nothing to do with the people that are here and born you they're the most interesting Americans has had no choice in the matter that the humans that have run you just know extrusion yes okay all right I'll read that out you good luck to him five six seven oh five six deep anybody else out there got this stomach flu that some today's the beginning of my third week although it's not too bad right at the moment because of all these phenomenal calls and the fact that we're so lucky to live in such a great place you know I'm saying that we just get beaten over ahead with this over and over again I wonder what it is did we do something evil some time in our life to deserve this yeah let's be it just take back to all the rotten things you've done a lot because that's why we're all here to deserve this never ending cacophony of swill here's a mobile in Miramar hello yes sir I was talking about this situation with this crazy pilot flying over there is crazy pilot flying over the Chinese pilot flying over there like some hero not career chami you know pretty different slam on it yeah I'm a native from already in and I just can't believe what's going on here well this is only the beginning don't forget they just made the announcement 40 minutes ago and this is only the beginning right we'll see on the crazy people the Spanish language radio stations can whip up a next couple of days exactly you don't let you know the best thing you could do was the crazy pilot maybe you'll hijack a bigger plane for all the brothers to rescue with them yeah get it over there a cube but maybe cashier will force it to the ground drop it all along with one tonimo sounds good to me in the sea high sea how they fit in fact maybe you could make a picture there's maybe to bring Joseph back you up in the cockpit now you're talking there's a man who's out of fly a rescue plane if there ever was one oh sorry Joseph that was bad was that a low blow to bad see that was a really bizarre period of time because they had you know we had the hurricane and drew in all the terrible things that happened to the people in South David were desperate and Joseph Gackie with the best intentions and the wasn't his wife on there too no wasn't he married them but he who the he married them but she wasn't on the helicopter but there were two other people remember we were sitting there were a ping in our pants that I would be because there were three people on the plane of which he was one on a helicopter bringing rescue stuff to a hot plane wasn't that a helicopter was a plane well whatever in a hell of a was anyway the ring and supplies to the people down there in home stand in South David and the plane crashed and we've got to work two people are dead it crashed we were getting spoon fed the information is not a fact while we were getting the information his wife was on the other line with me and I had to spry the information and of course the one for a five was Joseph Gackie and of course a destination there were a lot of mixed emotions and then like a week or two later he got canned that was bad that was really bad I mean they waited for him because he had a least waited a month for Christ six the guys doing a good deed he's done me even he doesn't have a personality that a face like a like a prune like a sucked prune but Christ all my he was trying to do something good a worthwhile and they didn't even wait until a guy named source a healed a heal up on his rectum he fire his ass why of course you know who is waiting in the wings don't you with his restaurant days remember that the restaurant days in front of five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line here's North Miami Beach hello pretty good hey uh so check on out I think yes they're gonna be a lot of uh over the real estate in Miami they'll try to just waiting for that moment man and they're gonna be on a first big rubber raft in the front here I came down here from Philly because uh I like the one way they're not really like to speak Spanish or anything but you know the nose up there you remember Mayor Frank Resort I look familiar with him do I remember him of course he didn't take that he didn't take any crap he was a godfather he had done Coralione and from New York to go out on the streets and take care of this I mean maybe we'll get a black nail off and good to clear him down and like he did uh okay have a great day pal he's so silly people man their brutal they're just brutal I was for the probably a sphili sportsman five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line you know those sphili sportsman that's what's in for says about him every day and time see I almost did that to myself again I keep doing it and I ever gonna learn or what no we got with the first piece Joe Rogan Jeff the part of the go see her we've been pouring the fix only on sports radio five sixty Q a m oh hey but heads it's a one to two hour oh hey out. He got the dragon to die, and he also is behind it through the little beast of the ground. And he'll be killed, and I'll look at you. And he'll be killed. He's saying all is well, or he'll go to hell. It's all up to directly up. I hate to say that, but I just had one hand on the ground. So, the fifth for the Altus Ground. He didn't end up well, John. He didn't ever leave the jail cell locked. He ever smoked spring chives. They were very grim, though they didn't lie. Now, if you can catch the ball, or rub the ball with rape and murder, that'd be all right. As long as they can do for breach, it'll still out some days, Dean. And if you can't catch the ball, it's there, based upon the end of the land, it's like you do the way. He'd be nice if I can't tell you the time. Or they'll blow the ground. They'll wake up and be on the ground. They'll be there, man, they'll come. They'd be dead for you, the jail cell locked. They'd be there, man, they'll come. They'd be dead for you, the jail cell locked. One o'clock at five, 60 WQA, and they're out there. It looks like an outfuel or people, by the way. Am I in my dream? That's right, you can't see when they have a univision on the satellite. Every time they show it, it looks like 50 people, no more than 100. I would say that the top is like 250, maybe 300 at one point. But now it looks like it's kind of the minister. They made the announcement and stand it out there as well. It changed nothing. And it looks greatly diminished, because now there's room like on the sidewalk. Right there. There's room to get your way over to Wendy's. Or just hop across the street. There and go out of Florence. Maybe that's what they all went. To get it in a slice. Huh? Maybe they went to get sliced. Five, six, seven, eight, eight, eight. Now where is this? Come on, focus that camera. Focus the camera, you assholes. What's that? Of course, she's also been speaking for the I.N.S. Philon's part. She was run out of the crowd. She's been out of the crowd. She's now across the street. And you can see some of the crowd has spilled over. There's a little bit of what appears to be tension heating up over there. As you can see, a lot of cameras and flags flying. But for those of us, we do have the crowd talking about. You can see how the audience is going to get out of here. Totally irresponsible to use this clown on channel 7. They got some broad over there with two cops in one other guy. You're looking at her. There's a little bit of tension building over it. Just be a little more responsible and stop getting psychotic. You crazy person. Whoever you are, you bet they stirred on channel 7. And the crowd is sitting out like you duck. I just got through the same without all the hysteria. Just they come like me, God damn it. Well, a channel 7 right down the street there. They're only praying. Can you imagine how fast they could have all their news trucks up there. And then a rookie ticket is standing on the corner. Hype of ventilating and squatting and dropping load right there by Wendy's. Or maybe by Taco Bell. That would be more appropriate in his case. How about you? He goes to Taco Bell. You know. Yeah, I hear that Rick Santas is really Mexican. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18. By the way, the guy that he hit in the car. Yeah, how's he doing? Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Yeah. Okay. Good. Nice hearing from you. Oh, that was George Beasley. Oh, I speak of the Beasley. Thanks very much. By the way, he didn't realize I was going to appreciate to call very much because it reminds me. I forgot to mention this. In the midst of all this. Go on on today. George G. Beasley, chairman and CEO of Beasley Barcass. Group is pleased to announce the acquisition of three silly AM stations and Florida's East Coast. W-W-N-N. That's one where Steve Kane has been doing that show in the morning. I believe. I think. W-H-S-R-A-M and W-S-B-R-A-M in West Palm. The latest addition brings the total number of stations owned by the company. The 35, 21F-M is in 14 AMs. Other bee's lease stations in the area. R-W-P-O-W-P-O-W-P-O-P-O-R and the Q-A-M and kiss. Kiss this. Two of the newly acquired stations hosted talk radio format. W-W-W-N-N emphasizes health concerns. And the W-S-B-R focuses on business financial information. W-H-S-R format is international entertainment serving predominantly the areas. Haitian community. How do you like that? I'm fine. Right. Bob Morenci will serve as the general manager of these stations. We welcome him and his staff at the Beasley Barcass family. Pending F-C-C approval of the company expect the closing on the second quarter of 2000. Does that mean anything to us? No. Is that significant? No. Are any of these stations worth $50? No. Can they finish the construction out here up on the third floor? No. Okay. I'm wondering about these people all that can afford to be buying these little Mickey Mouse radio stations. When they can't even get the goddamn ceiling things in up there. You know what I'm saying? Do you know what I'm talking about? This is seven-day five-year project out here. That most of you could have done by yourself in your spare time on a weekend. And about two weeks. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. I'm Galeo. Yes, sir. Hey, not the switch gears at all, but, uh, Hey, did you have them to catch at CBS special or power play? No. We're starting it with investigating organized crime. Oh, you know. Now you're not nothing with the, uh, please. It's old. It's rehashed. It's a repeat. The CBS he had a three years ago. It's crap and have a great day. Oh, please. Please, I beg you. I'm begging you. No more stupid calls about that TVS thing with a Russian mafia and pop out brewery. And this one and that one and an anacorn a holia. And all that other stuff, please. When I want to talk hockey on a show king, I get a meaningful call. Oh, somebody can talk about hockey. Oh, no, but they see some stupid documentary on there that's old tired material. And right away, I heard my second call on it. First call on the box this morning was about that crap. First one after all these important crafts that we're talking about here. They're talking about unimportant crafts. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, I call for Miami. I call for the American flag, but he runs with a house. Uh-huh. Benjamin, in the worst sports fans in this view of the world, yes. Liberty ball. Most of not as far as fans, yes. The guy who called in on the cellular who's a second generation Cuban. I'm the guy I'm a sure as I was born and raised in Philadelphia. Why do you keep telling me where you were born and raised? I just just say, I'm a second call in Beth. We don't do twice. What's the king always a king? What's the queen's an op get out here? You bumpling old fool with you. Now we know what a Liberty ball's got to go down cracking. This guy's got to go. Black film, crack problem. God, what an asshole. He's an asshole. What I just said. Nice, Barnard raised this charred Philadelphia. Benjamin Franklin. Yeah, you sound like Benjamin Franklin. Okay, I feel like a bad case of the flu. Congratulations on a long life, Ben. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? I'm going to get a solution that is full of two vacation. Where should we record two problems? This country is in the recycling incident. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm right down here to demonstrate you right now. Here's a mobile from 79th in this game. Right, this is a few people alone around here. I'm watching it right now. It'll look like too much. Which camera, which, which, but do you see me on the self-hood? Channel 7, on Channel 7. He's got a set of other cameras. What do we have at all, Sandy? We cameras here. I don't know if I'm the, we had a face in the other direction. Well, maybe go here. But it's basically breaking up. That's much going on here. Right. Well, basically, what I think the main issue is that we're giving into a dictatorship. And we're saying for Hilly on, it's a good place to live in Cuba. So, we're not saying it's a good place to live. It's not our business to tell more to live. That's where his father lives. And that's where he has to be. We're not saying it's a good place to live. I can't you understand that. But he has a right when he goes back over there. What do you mean he has no rights? Well, what does he have? No freedom of speech. So he's under the territory. He's going to go to the territory. He's going to go to the territory. When he's going to the camera now. Sure. No, I don't see you on a camera. So let me see it again. When he goes back there, he's going to be treated like royalty. I have more rights than all the other Cuban citizens put together. If they want to make an example of chance. And he can come up with some more power to him. So if you're so concerned about him, he wouldn't be saying all of these things. Okay. And this guy is more, more concerned about, well, you see me? I'm living at the camera. You remind me of the people who sit in the macaroon. Okay. Who keep waving at the camera as it goes around across? Oh, look there. I am. That's me. Yes. Big deal. Like you're a big one moment in the sunshine. And by the way, still don't see your posts on their thank God. That's sending any message. The message is that's the law. There's no evidence to indicate his father has done anything that makes him a bad father. And that's where he belongs. Period. That's it. That's the way it works. And every time we do something without being on a bunch of hard asses, all of a sudden we're making some kind of comment like cash. It was wonderful. It's a great book. That's not what anybody is saying, sir. Well, he must be the guy that's got his finger in the Rosanne Rosanna. Right. Right. That's him. Oh, yeah. Look at that. He's got his tongue on her. He's his Christ pal. Good off your knees. You jackass. Oh, it must be all. It looks like Todd Tongan here from Channel 10. Don't mention it. Channel 10 or a bunch of. He's an asshole. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. See you. Oh, our ECT I.O.N. It's correction time. I'm going to sell all my stock. Hot under a rock. You do need a hive when the market dives. World of correction. A renomun circumsize. All right. Not bad. I'll give him a 99 on a scale of about five. That sure is help. Be it's most of the Southern crap we're here today. What is same old tech. Where the hell. Oh, that's right. I'm not in the. How do I do this now? What just happened to my guy. Didn't he set? What happened to my DSS guy? Damn it. I'm stuck on Channel 7. I can't get off. So to speak. I think you got it from the. What? The setting. Oh, you don't say it. I'm on. I'm on the set. This thing here has like died or something. What's going on here? What kind of piece of turd? Oh, there we go. I just had to turn on and off. I want to complain and market the downs of 97. Oh, this guy. He's he's one of those tech dwellers. This guy. Good. I say great. All you people that have made millions of you with your stupid tech rhymes with Dreck stock. The NAS X down a hundred and eight against how long did you think that bubble was going to be before was going to burst. Okay. Good song though. But the downs up on with that will be like for those of us who got our money. I don't even know where it is. Who knows where it is. Who knows if you haven't got it. Let's get back here on Channel 7. The important stuff. Come on. Let's go. This thing is a piece of turd. Like all the other equipment in here. Look at this. I can't even change. We probably need like batteries. I realized that would require a lot of great expense. Like maybe a couple of double A batteries. See here. George. Couple of double A batteries might be good. So I can change the channels on his goddamn piece of crap. Which if I didn't have this TV set and didn't have the satellite dish. We wouldn't be talking about any of the stuff that's going on. So thanks again Jeff Cohen. And thanks to our friends at National Law. What was it satellite? Didn't know what was satellite. We got some batteries because these things are history. Look at these. But those are not good. Those are a wall gate that he buys wall greens batteries. She's this Christ you slipper. You're all kind of big bucks you're making. And you're buying wall greens batteries. Although they are hell of a lot better than what was in here. I'll tell you that. Oh look at that. Now this thing. It's flying through the channels. Here's your lock cards from the White House. Political charge that misfire. And I think it took some time. For the I.N.S. to work through and gather the facts to go in this devilish. What am I going to do? Ultimately spoke for the boy. And it's a term of legal arts. But they have established that. I think the president believes that the I.N.S. has went about this the proper way and have. brought together the facts and are correctly interpreting. The law. There you go. That's your lock card. White House spokesman for El Presidente. On our Democrats. See there you go. Get his deracle again. 10 minutes after one is 5.60 WQN. The. Hey. This is. No. It's Jack. The. Shuffle digit. This. This. This. This. This. This. Here. This. This. This. This. This. This. Deviation. This. This. This. This. The media is sick and needs help badly. The news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news is that the news magnetism is that the news is that it should not get a radio is aboutima one of two people on the issue of the polls at the emancipantians of the situation it should get urgent warningンムale And what we call and what to a spik, oh we just spik, and send us a little last back. Okay great, let you come by and sit down by the way. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. And you don't want to also have a saying for this guy, what's an asshole always an asshole, isn't that the way that's going? Uh-huh, something like that. The next time you go to the game, by the way, worry about the game, and don't worry about me, and who I'm sitting with, which jacket I'm wearing in Yadiyade, Yadiyama, saying, you follow-up, I'm good. You're making strides already. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, yellow. Hey, Neil, what's the matter with your phones, man? Meaning what? I can barely hear you. When I'm listening on hold. Well, everybody else, I've had no complaints from anybody else, maybe it's your phone, sir. Yeah, but once you do this, maybe it's your phone. I don't know, but I've had no other complaints from anybody else. Okay, so let's get to the meat of the matter, okay? And I need to know the matter is, all these years, I've been busking your chops because the leaf's been so bad, and I'm a Ranger fan and a Ranger's blow in the leaf's are awesome, and I'm a Pavel Buri, it's God. And the fans are pretty good. Yeah. And I think your show's better without call or something. I'm going to shut up. Okay, good. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, hey, hey. Justin Fierdickett center moderatiou 32 Alpevios, I'm sorry, 111. 15 at five, 60W Q on the great job, Bullano's great Maple Elves of 54 points, kick in some sugy sounds they got a homing home with his Rangers, by the way, tonight in San Rivera you will see, here is a coral spring. They're going to shut this channel 7 guy up. You saw it first. Maybe date. You saw it first on channel 7. You saw it first on channel 7. That's the only thing you see on channel 7. Yeah. Anything is? Yeah, but you didn't see the season day. The season day. Right. You missed that. I'm from New York and this is the worst girl I've ever seen in my life. That's correct. And the other thing is, what is Hank with Jed Mevel? I'm the one who made Amir that Jimmy Johnson has the worst coach in football. I would say he's the worst, but he's certainly in the running. He's a highly-ohoreated and he's got a big ego. And he's got a band attitude and he's a finger pointer and a hard ass. And because Hank has a lot of Hank and talked about it. That's right. Because he does the coach. You've always got his head way up to me. And it's been that way ever since the beginning. And a lot of other people on this station also have it. It's pretty crowded back there by Jimmy's director. Right. And let me say it again. The Cecil column thing was a classic example of people immediately rushing to make excuses. I mean, sure everybody's got to write to their day in court. But now we got the other side of the story. We got Cecil side and Cecil said, I'll guess what I've done it. I've done it. I wanted to take a look at it. You know, five in a morning. Let me say it again. Five o'clock in the morning. You've tried off the window screen. Crawled inside her room and guess what? Her husband was there. How do you like that? Oh my God. In a sec, whether or five in a morning or a year, expect to find him, I guess. Bad move Cecil. Yeah, we talked about Cecil. Oh yeah, big deal. I'm really impressed. People who glamorize scumbags. Oh, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Neil, I just got one question for you. How about the mother of this kid that lost her life? Because she wanted that boy to have freedom here. Now they're going to send them back. And for the other guy, I said, big, you should send his butt back over to Cuba. See how he likes it. Okay. Well, send his ass there until you're how long it survives. Five, yeah, we're just going to send his butt back over. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Can you say here? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. You know, I think the Cuban people are warm and loving. But I don't know. Well, why would you say something like that? There are some like, what kind of a statement is that that is so degrading and so kind of this cynic. There are some Cuban people are warm and loving. And there are some more assholes like it every other group. What does that mean? Well, overall, the culture. Culture, what culture? Well, you know, having make a big deal over their kids. I mean, you know, they're a very, very family. They're very family or a very family or a very family. If you want to start making generalizations, that is correct. Yeah. So that's what I'm saying, the generalization. But they're also bad. I mean, they go by the rules of the mob. They think that, you know, forget laws. If they're going to protest the World leaders saying, yes, the law is being made. Listen to what you're saying. The Cuban people are barbaric. Is what you just said. So in other words, the 200 people are out there protesting just now or the thousand people are so who protested and blocked the streets to last time. That represents the million and a half or too many of people are human or whatever we got here in South Florida. Yeah. I think it does represent the representation of the feeling of the Cuban people. Is it really? She represents all the Americans. This phone call. Maybe. They're all looking. You don't represent me. You did on the one hand, the Cubans are woman loving people and you make a ridiculous generalization, which is asking on the face of it. But they're barbaric. They're all loving, but they're barbaric. You're an asshole lady. Okay. Get out of here. You're a jerk. Let me say it again. And I know that most of you can't relate to it because you've been brought up in a world, especially in the country. And it's loaded with not just in this country, all over the world with prejudices. Show me your family tree. Where were you with a boy? Where was the grant? All the other crap? Who gives a flying crap? It's a bunch of bulldozer. Yeah. You're pedigree. I got pedigree at dinner can. Christ. People are people. There's good and bad in everybody. Is that difficult to understand? I guess it is. Oh, yeah. The Poloxard Dom and the French are a nice smell of animal that parts true. And all of a sudden, the Jews had big noses and the Sparks are lazy and shifles and had big penises, even the women. And they work kind of crap is that how juvenile do you have to be to think like that? How much of a moron do you have to be? This woman, what she should have done is the beginning of her call to save a lot of time. We just say, I'm a moron. And I was said, yeah. And that would have been the end of that. Yeah. Save a lot of time. God, you're right. We do need these phone calls. Like they say in China, like a lock-in cup. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going? Great. I just wanted to say make a comment that Guy just caught up a couple of, We want to over-tink keep track. Hey, he was the militant, uh, militant guy. Yeah, he's what kind of mother rich nine-year-old son life floating him over here? Very good, but yes, that's an excellent. And, you know, I got to say it's absolutely salion and take bookdain with you. Okay. Take bookdain? It was like he liked that. Oh, yeah. I forgot about that. Thanks about that bitch. Where the hell is that? Yesterday, I was at work listening to that babbling bookbitch. And I went, why would this guy, who are with Adrian? Adrian, why would you be doing that? Call a call to the say that he's listening to Neil, but I'm going to say that I was Ripper about her back. Oh, about her hunchback. Yeah. I thought I meant behind her back. No right to where face. I'm a glided teller. And don't call me any more. Brooker can't stand you. And now you said that to be gone for six months. And as soon as he was trying to start a war, how can he start a war with the show that has no audience? Uh, anyway, what, uh, she said, we'll make you shmit in your pants. She said that she loved you before, but now you have a bug up your breakfast about her. And because of assholes like me, I'll be out of here as soon as possible. She says, if I'm prick. Yeah, she came here because of me and she's going to leave her because you're going to leave her because you're going to get fired again for the second time because they didn't learn the first time because they'd bold your can't find talent for that radio station. Can you find it? No. And the talent either. Oh, but Liz Wilde, that's going to put him over the top. That'll do it, baby. I'm just wild about that. How about Hank is peeing in his pants after the compete with Liz Wilde? Oh, yeah. God. You couldn't beg for better competition. And we got in this market. And wait till that disco smegma thing where is off, which I see in these numbers, it's already taken a big gift up the last month. We'll see how many listeners they can continue buying on that piece of crap with a goddamn Beegeys on their 20 hours a day. Here's a mobile and tempered pine. Hello. Newy, you're killing me. I know it. I'm going to drive off the road. He's the best man. Anyhow, have you had any calls about this? Are you in your car? Are you in your car? No. Have you had any calls about the student up there at the punch just principal in the face? No, I have not, but I read that. And his name was Mark Tyrone, something to write. Is that that wonderful? Yeah. He's just a principal thousand to go home because he was thinking about the education with another guy. And then he punches him in the face. He probably started off stealing bicycles and not wearing helmets. I know something. He probably should have hands. He should have hand cup disaster right there. Good points. Your god bless you. Excellent. Take any crap from those kids. Hand cup. Next what they ought to have all the principles in schools. You learn from the guy. They're in West Palm Sheriff's office. And the Palm Beach County. So whatever it is. Get those hand cups out. Some little kid mouths off. Some little kid does some punches. They're in the principal of the post. Hand cup them. Hand cup them right to the wall. In fact, do like Joan Crawford. Hand cup them in bed at night. And lay him on his back. Strap him down the bed. That's right. Do you know that you used to do that to the kid? One. She was a piker. Oh, compared to your mom. Yeah. They got said. Yeah, they got said real good. Too bad. If they didn't need you to be to crap out of him again. No, more wire hangers. What's your wire hangers? What's your wire hangers or a wire hangers? Oh, what? What did you want? Oh, wood. Wooder. She was a bull like you. You don't Crawford. Still better mom than you. But she had nice shoulders to lean on. 25 after one is 560WQ. Jim Manage taught us. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Right here. On the fourth radio 560Q. Hey, out. When did that say? I heard. Oh, is it true if I had normal boobs? Good to do, got out and find my T-T. Yeah. Do you get wrong when I treat that as fun? Because I have my side thing. I can teach you. I'ma get fine with this last in my grasp. Oh, I can't go with this last in my front. Oh, I'm not going to have to try with this last in my front. And you know, it's your fault. I'm not going to have to pull my panties down. Oh, there's a thing in your heart. You're not convinced and where I could I know. Tell me, you're sick, please. I just swear in your life. Yes, it doesn't matter if it's a girl or it's going. I'll hold you back, we can jump, let's see. Now, let me come out of rehab 35. I get five with this last in my grasp. I get five with this last in my grasp. I don't have to try to splint in my grasp. I do not have to do that. Actually, she left through me by chariots. By chariots. You'll be in trouble. I'm not going to have to do that. So, in this, this is the most important thing. I'm not getting five with this front in my back. I'm not going to have to do that. One, thirty. Five, sixty, double to QM. And I forgot this story yesterday. This was a major story. It's speaking a hockey and speaking of this show. Vinnie Prasval of the Ottawa Senators and Patreys, Patreys, Breeze, Wall of the Montreal Canadiens. We've got a history of physical classes on the ice. But when a step further, last week, Breeze, Wall, who is president, and said Prasval called a May frog. During a four, four time, out of a December 27, he said the slowest preceded by an obscenity as a new effing frog. To which we say, Oh, in point, Prasval admitted the effing reference to this thing in the curtain the heat of the moment. It's so long. How do you like that? He called him an effing frog. Why don't you go back to fuel for you, spikbassap or why don't you go back to Canada? You too bastard. There you go. F and frog. One, thirty at five, sixty, W QM, five, six, seven, five, six, sixty, Channel seven, the good news is finally game up the ghost. Finally, let it loose. Here on decision day. Oh, man. Woo! Heavy. Doodie. Here's Miami, hello. Miami. Hey, Neil, go on. How you doing? How's it going? I'm calling reference to a lady that called Cuban Spark Barrett. Yeah. I want to tell a lady that, first of all, I'm Cuban and I'm in law and force is right. I gave up my constitutional rights, so she is so they can sleep good at night. So she's like an overtake. So she can. So she can. No, you first. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. Yep. Basically what he said was that's fucking bit. But not necessarily in that order. I just got pale. What are the disgusting bits you was to wish? It sounded so sweet. It was a gentleman. Oh, they're on such a wonderful loving people. And by the way, yeah, but they're barbaric. Yeah, they, they, them. Those, that kind. God, are you a, stupid bitch. There are a lot of that. I'll put a human chain around your guy. They're in the house to make sure you never get out. Because you're dangerous honey. In fact, we're going to have a Cecil Collins coming to visit you tonight about five in an A.M. Yeah, well, yeah, Cecil. I talked to Jimmy about Cecil. You got to be kidding. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. I talked about this. That was fun. Yeah, but that I can't come on. You can do better than that. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Oh, we've had, we've had a good one here today, but I'll take that. In fact, I'm getting the runs. Let's think about it. Here's homestead, hello. Oh, you mean I'm going to get five to length. See, what's wrong with you people, man? Mean? What you mean, man? What's wrong with you people talking about Cuba like the animals or something? Yeah. Let me say you something. Tell me something. Let me say you something. Listen, I've never been in communism. Yes. No, you don't know nothing about it. I lived in Russia. Yeah, right. You believe that Panama Chi Paruski? Why don't you go to communism? Why don't you go to hell? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. How about those things that came in on the Haitian board? Can they stay? Oh, I'm sorry. That's right. It's not the right communist country. Go to communist, but they're not the right communist country. They're so full of crap. You're so tired. Put it on a record. You silly old spick. God. Like I said, this poor little kid is like a human wishbone. They got him by one leg and peddles got to the other leg. It's just pulling in. Yankee, we're practically split that kid in half. And they don't keep a crap. Just like the one guy. L.I.E. got to even spell his name right under them poster. Here's Boka. Hello. Boka. Boka be gone. Okay. Two bad. You lose. You lose out. Here's a mobile in Fort Latterdale. Hello. That was great. I never got to hear somebody cut on a phone. Exactly. My point is I'm going to American. I've hired a my street. The emblocked by people who are far national. Sir, you know, something forget about American Peruvian. You wishliving. The fact is we live here. We pay taxes here. And this is a place that all of us are supposed to have like a certain part of because we pay taxes to be here. And we shouldn't have to have our life threatened to be disrupted. Every time somebody doesn't get their way. Every time some group of 1,000 or 2,000 or 5,000 assholes don't get their way. I think somebody should be, you know, if the city Miami won't force the laws down here. Somebody else from the state, maybe he's to do it. Oh yeah. Like Governor Bush, who's the stock enough heavy to do. You're going to wait for him. The Jeff Mouth. I'm not very hold your breath man. And the other point is that is no is a Philly Anne's. Right now as we speak. Nothing to work to cook. One of the things that a lot of these Cuban senior forget is you only read in cashiers and offices because they're all here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I have a great day pal. I'm out. I can't. I haven't got the stomach for it. Even what before the stomach for the why don't have the stomach for here and all that same old tired stuff over and over and over again. Okay. It's old. It's still. It's things. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. I know. Yes sir. We're going to hide to him. I know you show you awesome. But I got from your say. I'm the bomb man. Yeah. I also do an American. I also do an R4. It's also lost my constitutional right. Yes. All the chance. 10 special forces do and they're starting to raid this fight next to the war. And I fight for all these people's freedom. First of all. I fight. I see two died. And I fight. And everybody here in this down country is a war. And a native case from a left. Although the children's abdicated. There's no two Americans. Yeah. Do you know why I'm not the Indians? They're coming here on a raft. No they're here. Because we've really made the today. But. For the end of the G. I'm sorry. Go ahead. Yeah. Everybody here. I mean, I'm not claiming that the two were supposed to. I'm not claiming that the hands of the protest. And you know. And I'm a hardcore. A little kid. A social. Yeah. I can't help. I don't. Tell me. I'll be out. He's just an other tool. It's a tool and it's disgusting. Right. You know, but it's for people to stay on that Come and say. thing that you know about banks that I got stupid idiot girl saying that we're about business as we're decades as you don't see one Cuban ghetto in the city of Miami. There you go. One. Okay, I'll see. I'll see you in the carcalfight. And if you look at the political figures about Cuban America, yes, we are the only immigrants that are the largest small business in the country. The only non-Americans that are the largest small business in the country. I mean, we come in, we do our stuff, you know, whatever we do. And I mean, if they go back, they go back, or they don't, you know, whatever. I don't know, I mean, the military, y'all forced like you were said, and you know, I'm an American. All right. So now I love to show you take care of man and I just do every day I work man. I'll stick here to meet this. All right. So yeah. Okay, what do you say? 560505. So well, he's pretty pissed off and fired up for crying out loud and why to hell not, right? Is that right? 560505050505050505050 on the AT&T and the Demonstration's all gone. Go home. Everybody went home. Nobody even going home. Flags that the citizens have been made. And now they'll plan their strategy. And we'll see just how much we have to put up with the next week, or 10 days. Disturbing facts and other one by the way. We did hear this already, but this is the second fact, verifying. One of the protesters with the megaphone outside the ionist building shouted, we built Miami. We will destroy Miami. Oh, brother. Isn't that nice? In other words, we are going to get our way. So we'll destroy it. We'll tear it down. Sounds like some other ethnic groups we have in this country, where we tend to get pissed off. They burned down their own neighborhood. That's pretty smart. Vergian, I think. Yeah. 23 me 4 2 at 560. WQAM is the ethnic love as the the kissy fest continues here at QAM. Everybody just purse your lips and kiss. Back home. Some big fat ass, okay. Sports radio 560. QA. Yeah. Cheers, agache, sucks, okay. All the white folks hate the black folks and the black folks hate the white folks to hate all but the right folks is an old established rule, but to hurry. National brotherhood, we. National brotherhood, we. Lean on horn and sheriff park are dancing. Cheek to cheeky. One to you, Leji. The people you just buy as long as you don't let them in your school. All the poor folks hate the rich folks and the rich folks hate the poor folks. All the my folks hate all of your folks. It's American as apple pie. But you're an national brotherhood. National brotherhood. New Yorkers love the Puerto Rican cause it's Betty's cheek. Step up and shake the hand of someone you can't stand. You can tolerate him if you try. I want to give you a kiss. All the Protestant hate the Catholics and the Catholics hate the Protestant and the Hindus hate the Muslims and everybody hates the Jews. All your national brotherhood. National brotherhood. National everyone's my last one and anotherhood. We. Be nice to people who are inferior to you. It's only for a week so have no fear. Be grateful, lad. It's us and last for you. You're welcome. You can run a photo run a facts machine. The definitive answer to the problem comes in from this audience from these creative people. Here's the best facts of the day so far. Keep Ali on here and send Ali on a back. There you go. Let's take a boat on that. It's unanimous. Everybody said absolutely. Yes. Nice going sir. Oh God. Why us? Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Lady in Miami. Hello. Yes. Hey, Naila. You doing? Okay. I just want to say that Ilian should go back to his father. And I do want to take my grandparents for leaving the revolution. And I enter American and America is great and be a America. Be my last Vegas. That's right, baby. All right. And Georgia still I'm here. Bye. Bye. What do your fans? He said Georgia is on two legs. 560 50 50 60 80 90 wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Naila. I'm listening to you for over five years. I've been buried everybody in our office. The list and talk about it. Thank you so much. And that's what? What? If you leave South Florida, I'm leaving. Okay. And happy New Year to you. Okay. Start packing. Bye. Good job. You are my son. You are my son. You are my son. How's that? Look at the other side of this new song. When Ricky is going over like a stale hall of awe in Eskimo land. Not too big. But we love and Ricky man. You can hang out in my house anytime. He can come over here and hang it out. Love you and Ricky. And by the way, in Ricky, so we don't have to get him in the middle of this. He's from Espania. Okay. He speaks kind of like that. He's from Espania. We were talking about that just the other day. Maybe from Barcelona. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. How are you? Great. I've been listening to you for a long time. I just want to tell you how much I enjoy your show. Thank you. I'm calling, and we got to the guy who called in. We said we don't know anything about communism. Since me, we did fight a couple of world wars. Against communism. And the world wars against communism? Yeah. Well, what are you? Yeah. What was against fascism? Not again. But it well.isms. Well, and that's the reason why the Cubans are allowed to be here in Miami to begin with. Yeah. And I'm just tired of the Cubans using America. And these crazy fighters who go over the Cuba use America to castro another using a little kid to do it with. Okay. Have a great day. Okay. Bye. Bye. See one thing about America and they know their history. Oh. You know what I'm saying? They know their history. Don't start. Yeah. I see you. You have this desire to start trying. And I don't know. Correct the things that you said. There weren't Ronius, which is virtually everything from start to finish. Except how much she loves the show. But other than that, she was very nice when she was in the world. You're a mehera. She didn't say that. Right. So what do you want from her? 567560, the POM560 on the AT&T line? Here's POPPO. Hello. Hey, how you doing now? Good. I love your show. Yes, sir. Yeah. I'm Puerto Rican, but I was born Florida. I'm 100% what I'd do. And I'm, did you keep with work to think like you're still on a firewall? I don't want to protest about that. It's like, great even work. The one time I'm seeing me like 100, two was working on a road. Yeah. They just put 100 professional endutanders. That's all they do. I thought I better think it is. And they are, I love your show. And then keep up to do work. All right, pal. There you go. One of your Puerto Rican friends. 567560, POPPO60 on the AT&T wireless line. I'm from, my grandparents were from, and your parents were from, my great grandchildren, my mother were long. It's said to when someone. Just ain't ever going to change. No. No. 567560, POPPO60 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, how are you today? Great. I'm just calling Nick comment about the situation today. I feel that I look at a Cuban dissident population near Miami. And I really wonder to myself, do they realize that the rest of the country used them as an out-of-control population down here in Miami. No, they don't care. They don't care. No, they're so blinded by their emotion in their stereo. They don't care about that. And do they realize that it doesn't make, it makes Brook Page news here at the Harrell. Right. But every other country in the United States, it's on page 16 of the front, you know, it's not the other country in the United States. Every other, you know, in the United States, I know the US is dead county. Here's how there you go. But every other city in the United States, it doesn't even make it under the mute. And when they see it on to CNN, people in other states, so you know, I'm from the Midwest, they look at it and they view it as people are out of control. And like you said, they look like animals. Yeah, same old crap all over again. Yeah, it gets a pondress. It does. It does. That's all I got, Neil. And happy new year, too. I love your show. Thanks, Bill. Hang in there. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. The overwhelming consensus is good. All right. Enough of the bull crap. Okay. Enough of the sucking. Jesus Christ Almighty. It's 14. Why couldn't they just do it like this weekend? We'll be good. Get it over with and do a fast. And why do they do that? See, they, they have to keep that like like Cecil. You know, he likes that open window open. But they have to keep that little crack in window open. No, seriously. So they have a window of opportunity there. So they can go to court. They can try to get some judge to say this or say that. And we can just drag this on forever. They made their rule. It's interesting how fast everybody else goes back. Like those 400 Haitians and Chinese and whoever else was on that boat, well, I didn't take them long to get those people out of here. Bingo, but I've been and then the people that were in bad health before women or whoever was they were over and crumbed attention center, by the way. They're not lying to an around waiting to go to Disneyland or world or whatever it is. Why do I keep calling it Disneyland? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, yes. What the history of that's all it is. They're active. That's all the worried about it. Tell everybody else what to do. And we'll do it our way and you know, hysteria is there. If it's not there away, it's wrong. And then try to do it. Try to go over there and do things your way. And that's on you know, have a fit. But they come over here. Everybody wants to take over. Hey, and I'm Cuban. And you know what all the Cubans have in common? What is that here? They all put feet down and Alex Sonela and Dr. Hoyo and Ronald Martinez and off. Did you say Alex think of the Picanos? Are you sure? Are you? Carroyo. Carroyo. And don't forget about Bert and Hernandez. And for the end it's all up top of that book. Joe with an H. Good boss. See, I'm even a agent. Oh, you have to be a baseball player. Okay. Okay. Take a bite. Take a bite. Take a bite. That's 4 million here. It's 4 minutes till 2 at 5. 60. Oh, this is the best. See, you got to take something negative. It makes something positive. I don't have a good time. Are we getting psychotic? Oh, screw it. I've been to it too many times before. We'll get psychotic when we have the next big hurricane blow through here. You know what I'm saying? That's what we'll get psychotic. The bright Norcross gets on earth. They're clapping his way. You know, it's by the way. There's a new version. They came out with a new edit of Learn to Fly. They're bright Norcrosses on one side and Bill Kamala's on the other side. They're one on each wing. And they're both flying without. Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer. And you're listening to it. Go for it. Weak the afternoon to 2. Sports radio 560 QA L. Weak the afternoon to 3. Well, where won't weak and act? Twinky feet. They're this on a go-lu-winky. I got to reach it but it's falling too far. Probably what she was doing when she played her far. Well, she banged her hand on the steering wheel. Not the usual way we feel. Sign on your roadside straight ahead. Grab stop was there she would soon be fed. Gave it some gas and swear to the right. Heading for the fast food light. She lost control. The car is blue. And landing next to the slide. Well, Florida, Florida, go-lu-winky. Mr. Clark, she was hungry. But she's in luck. How could she be in the dead? From now it's not getting your chicken stare. I'm not gonna do it. I'm gonna do it that. What's up, D3 at 560 WQAM? Oh yeah, did he do a suck job on her the other night or what? Oh wow. Thank God most of you didn't see it. Where we going? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Speak to me. Okay, and I started you're gonna hear them like collapsing in the background. Must be a random bad bowl of schmits. Here's Miami, hello. Neil. Yes sir. This is James for Miami, how are you? Okay, James. 25 years old went to university in Miami and I just got to say if there wasn't for the Cuban's in the lottery there'd be nothing to talk about in this town. There you go, good point. Thank you. Thank you. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line and waiting in John Henry don't forget about that. And Nicky and who? Oh that's right. Oh we almost forgot about Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Right, we got that. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neil. Yeah, I was just calling about these two soft spoke in a women who called them the last hour. Some bitches on it. I mean the first one's just a dumb bitch and the other one is the dumb bitch who doesn't know her history. We thought two wars against coming in two world wars. How do you like that? I know it's amazing. WDW1 and WDW whatever the one was after one. Anyways, and I think the guy got a run when he said his a stick is a stick. It's actually a big as a dick. Okay, he's have a good one. That's what you think. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Oh man, is it you seen something? I could write a book. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Hello? Yes sir. How are you doing today? Very well. Good. Hey, you know the smartest cubaness. And who's that? But El Castro. Yeah. Because even if you like everybody, you know he's a mall. He plays them all like a fiddle. That's right. Hey man, you know what the other thing is? You know what a cubaness? 560, 560, 550, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Pembroke Pines, hello. You know what I'm wondering, Nicky and Nicky. All right. Yeah man, Peter Warl can be wopin' up on the green line. Yeah. He's gonna be wopin' it. And Pavell's gonna be scored a hat. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I have only one question. Oh man. Yeah. That's the only question I got. Oh by the way, you didn't do that, you forgot. Sorry for that. God damn it. I heard it down. Well, that's good. That's a good start. That's a good start closer. Of course it wouldn't work any of your anyway now. That's a good thinking. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, Neil. What if you take the name, Ellian? Take out the E put an an an, what do you get? You legal Ellian. That's right. So something to that back. Okay. Now there's another guy feeding me back my own material. Well, then I say that's a very first day that we heard about this story. When a kid came over here, did I say that? Oh, you legal Ellian. But that's okay. This guy means well. And like you said, I read it, I received a package of a bunch of sandwiches. But I also got a whole big banquet waiting for you when he get back you and day. And look how well that he's gonna make out with this now. When he get back, assuming he comes here to pick him up or not, his vacation may be. They're gonna be bigger than the guy named Lucy and Desi and all. And put together even Fred and Ethel wouldn't believe it. The sooner they're gonna have over there. They're gonna be showering them with this stuff. That's right with gold and golden showers. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Darren. Good. Yeah, I want to come and talk to a couple of college. You're the Puerto Rican guy. Found that I want to clean the music that he was worried about. There are even points that I have to be keeping time down. What are we gonna have to find the right of any of my adults? I know already. That's only the original of your Bronx. Yeah. The Bronx? I said it's only in the Bronx. Oh, no. That's across the border. Well, yeah. Yeah, I heard you're so uptight with you. Now, I was just making a joke and he starts shaking. You said no, I have the keys to this. You guys just to get it. Take it. Take it easy. Ricky Martin, he's working. He's working on a color. I'll tell you what, he's working on a color of his hair. Make no mistake about it. He can't think for sure. Yeah, but his hair is nice. He's got that Swedish blonde dude. That's Swedish blonde guy. And he's got that blonde black dome. Here's a mobile and dear field beach, yellow. Yeah, how are we doing? Great. I just wanted to tell you that, you know, you have the only country that's still communist, you know, Cuba in the North Korea. I have about China. Well, where they got a pretty nice little place. That's a lot different. They're in the right. Oh, I'm not twice a change. But, uh, you know, but it's still Cuba's never tried. Never. Yeah, and. And well, and what was the government they had in Cuba before the communist government? Well, you know, they got a communist now. This is not a lot of stuff. But, sure, why don't you answer my question. What was the government? Did they had a, did they have freedom before Castro? Did they have a democracy? Yeah. Oh, yeah. He must have been in the same history, let's see what that bitch. Fashes and the surf fascism. Yeah, that's right. It was in the same history lesson with that crazy bitch. Oh, we fought two more wars against communism. Huh. What the tommies are allies? I don't think I like that. And by the way, Stalin only killed 30 million people. So what he complained about. To zone people know that. For Christ's takes. Yeah. And by the way, how is Paul's pot? Yeah. They're smoking over there in Cambodia. Hey, we didn't bomb Cambodia. He hadn't recrisited your line. Well, or was it the other way around? That's how he did. So anyway, that's, uh, how we got the wild time for one more. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Good afternoon Neil. Yes, sir. You know, really, for not my asses. What is that? Uh, all these, especially the Cubans who keep saying that the situation over there is so bad. And when you let them stay here because the situation over there is so bad, the situation is bad or all around the world. You know, the only difference for them is they can get here by InterTuber. So, two by four. That's why I said yesterday my solution to the problem is to move that island about 2,300 miles.