way out of the dollar. It's all fine. Six out of college. I'm only two. All three in David Weller. Oh, my six in your ass. All of you, can you zip the acidity of the acidity of the dollar? You're not maize and we're not. I'm just a bit busy. You're not. I thought it is that advertising is a rigidity now. Here's the evil Roger on 516. 2A. I know that the Lord, you've been lucky to see your harvest. You want to go now to your processing statements, Governor Bush's first. Thank you, Jim. What I care about is failure. And you know what? It can happen in America with the right kind of leadership. Surely this nation can come together to encourage doctors to take the lives of our seniors. And I've come in on that. I would sign a law banning that procedure. If I'm in trucks with a presence, the year or the choices that I will make. I'll cut, help care for switching drugs, education, and national defense put our blood into deficit. I can't let the man continue to hide believe that a governor Bush is a national ass. But, I think that's totally, what a minute. It's totally full. I understand up here and say that. Thank you. Governor Bush. I'm not president. You're welcome. So, all is the best in that the WCDI's last night. Eeeeh. That was the best. And, by key started off on a real high note when he was talking about his regrets for the, He had passing along his sympathy for the death of those people or last night. Today, the morning, whatever was the, you're going to run talk about. But those dead people. And it went down from there. And there were people out there saying, oh yeah, Bush won that event. He was really strong. He was really good. Yeah. A firmative asshole was ever just talking about to that torch right. Yeah, he's for affirmative asshole. In fact, he's like a postage out for affirmative asshole. Wow. I'm going to tell you something. Did you see how close all of your states are now? All of your key states like Florida, Goers 2.2. This is before last night. And Oregon and Washington and just a really, a very important state. So anybody out there who's registered to vote who thinks that you're going to pass, take a pass this time. Oh, look at that. Somebody dick with my signal here. Go take no pass. Okay. You got to vote three or four times. Yeah. Just like that. I got to say they're the end. All you people from my opponent, don't want more than one. So I guess what, what, what, what, and four times. I think like that. I thought the highlighted of the debate was right here in the beginning when War F. R. Bush, Bumblebee around his or simply this. And the first or second question, War Rock, right over to him. I said, you, that's how we're going to have a fist fight. Looks like we're going to have a bra, which would have been sensational. What have been spectacular. The market is taking another five big dump today. We're going to hear about that. We need to get all your money is vanishing. Some great bargains are developing out there. I'm telling you right now, the Dow was down. You won't believe this, but the Dow that came in a single was down 438 points. It's now down a mere 3.9 points. And as that was down 171. Now it's down only a mere 135.5. As our money just keeps vanishing into thinner. But it's only on paper. Don't forget that. That's a great value. How about if I give some great value stocks, are there like no kier? Huh? I'm not going to give you the stocks that I've got. Well, maybe I will. Like no kier? That is 20. And I have bucks. That's like stealing. Right? Your ox seven and a half bucks? Even if they got a billion, there's still a low price to buy it at. Right? I've got some chicken. Wow. So we're going to get some real heavy duty and put it in that debate. I'm sure that I'm going to get some heavy out now. I'm pretty yesterday here on the show. We had the as usual. We've got people that like to dick around with our poor, but you're not fully old man. You can continue to try to fool your man. You can't do it. Uh-huh. As about six o'clock last night, I'll put a question. We'll show you the show we're back to guest and topics after Joe said that great show I'm fighting with a Palestinian broad posing as a misrailers. But anyway, you should go back to guest and topics. And the choices were absolutely not. Once in a while or yes. Yes, meaning all the time. Well, yes only had 53, a pulpery six point three percent. But as a six o'clock last night, absolutely not was about 30 or 40 votes in pulling away. And then all of a sudden, it always seems to have it right around six o'clock. Much to be in the cheap channel people got on their emails. Will each other get on their work? Yeah. Because they'd love to have us go back to topics. Wouldn't they? Yeah. I'm going to. So all of a sudden they started getting all these votes. But first time instead of doing it, we are obviously like that other time. They like, you know, 10 here, 20 there and they're all for once in a while. So once in a while, came up with 404, absolutely not 280. Are we going to have guests in topics on the show? No. Over my dead body. I'm going to say that right now. I'm okay. How many of you guys have them Palestinian or Italian groomed dogs come out of the woodwork? I'm telling you right now, the rank of to be no freaking guest on the show. Set the course for the Maddie Bell hour, which is coming up a lot of the clock this morning. Maddie's going to do a seven hour on great talk radio. Yeah. Come on. I was going to do a seven hour on how to be an asshole. And believe me, I can't pick of anybody who knows better than he does. Here are some shocking news. Some of the greatest news I've ever seen that last call on the worst team for anybody who listens to that album on the show was the guy with the eyes. That show yesterday was Dave the cop talking to China with his cardinals. Are they in the series the cardinals? Oh, not last time I checked. So all the cronics that we finally have were pushing them back in the morning show because I guess we figure what different does it make? Can it hurt that morning show? No, not at this point. So now I guess they're so desperate on those that they're taking the cronics that were like a cycling away. But you should probably talk at a hen. Wouldn't surprise me. That probably be the mom warning right before the end of the show. It's like our girlfriend Steve from Hollywood that calls it the beginning of well. Right till you hear this boys and girls, Mike trout. You think he's kind of trouser? Mike trout the longtime co-host on focus on the family president James Dawson's popular radio program said the among any had an inappropriate relationship with a woman other than his wife. Oh, and had no choice but to resign from ministry that stresses the sanctity of marriage. There we go again. In an hour long interview with his Colorado Springs home, 53 city quit when they're because his behavior violated more standards that focus on the family employees agreed to follow. I'm greatly saddened said trout has been married for 31 years. I didn't work at focus on the family for 19 years because of the paycheck or the benefit or the positive environment. I worked at focus on the family because I believe in what we were doing. I know that Mike sounds strange but I violated it. trout was reluctant to discuss the tales of the after-mirror in the relationship, citing the feelings of either of the other family involved. He said the woman was not a focus on the family employee. The color relationship not around term thing and said it's overly color relationship emotional. The best known as Dawson's on-air sidekick, Trotspan most of his time managing the focus on the family broadcast of his name as a senior vice president, the only person at the ministry to hold that title. When he came to focus on the family, he was on a 30 employees. They're now 1300. Then the same judge Dawson in Fort Lauderdale, who had a obnoxious radio show that you're mayor, Mayor Jim Nauderdale, Rose on the airwood and consort will and spews his bigotry and homophobia and other hatreds against on that program. The same James Dawson, who this former Bunk for Buddy there is sidekick Mike Trout. We'll see him no more. And just like I told yesterday, just like magic air listing of the time you find one of these goody two shoes finger pointing, bigoted, you're come to find out that there's skeleton who's just rattling all over the place. You'll rattling over here. Florida, Gore as a head by two points in the latest pool is there anybody and then I'll love the thing about the young people. You see the kid with the bad ears that asked the question, oh there's a guy with the eyes and the kid with the bad ears. But anyway, ask that the question about young people all are asking and the Gore came back with the answer. Are you going to do the things that you promised the Gorset? Yes, which was been anyone in the library. And Bush was going with the Gorset. Did you see that startled or dealing the headlights and looked at Bush can get in on the space? And Jim Lair again, horrible questions. See, the way this work yesterday is those people who sat in the audience all wrote out their questions and then Jim Lair yesterday afternoon got a picked and chose, which ones they would ask and then they could ask you on question. Would there anything on abortion? Oh, on the woman's right to two. Oh, on the abortion. Oh, there are all these different issues that could have been discussed and said we had a woman asking about what can we do to make parents some more respond more involved in their children's education? What kind of a question is that? And then a lot of course, about morality. And then the Schwarz are one and all about the death penalty and the W proud of all the execution, which no candidate since the caucus across us to put his foot in this post is going to say that there was an incident that's penalty. So that was just a total waste of time. But nevertheless, it certainly was entertaining especially to part where Gore walked over to Bush and I thought we're just going to punch him right off. And that had been great. He had gone up 30 points. He would have skyrocketed up immediately. CBS pull afterwards. And I'm really shocked that it was that close. This had go on 45 to 40% of the other can't figure it out. They're still trying to figure it out. Yeah. But this is an orange, orange, blue bush. The nephew, you know, jabs son, who don't look that good anymore, thank God. They gave him on, on CNN, I guess, before the debate. And he's talking about how much the debate has contributed to the understanding contributed. I thought I must go out in the family because he's not a banana boat guy. His mother's Mexican, but he was born and raised here in educated here. He's a particular, even though he's talking a lot of crap about how this year was going to be a retro-breaking year. And more young people were going to vote that ever before. Guess what, Junior. Yeah. What is the peace thing for him, George Peabors? Come on, the church is 10 to 5 60 WCQM. No question of the slogan, maybe we could do for that. No, no. Good in commission, and WCLM, this is God's health broken corporate. Come on. Come on. No. The app, why? Capsing call. All right, come, bro. Come, bro. Come, bro. App, why? Again, come. How, why? One more time, Tom. How, why? I'm losing a second part. One more. Oh, Alex. My time, sir. My time. Yes, my time. Stop saying what I'm saying. I'll play one place. Ah, doc. Yeah. Ah, doc. Next. Jesse Jackson. Ah, Clark. Ah, the doc for the doc. Jesse, I'm sorry, but the doc is white. Next. We all in. Just listen to fuck the truth. Stay to the script, Mr. Allen. We're crazy to some of you. Break the line, please. I would have ducked. Speak back. Next. The great Sean Conneryster. How welcome, sir. Welcome. Welcome. Sir, just read the line, please. Ah, fuck. Excuse me, sir. Again? Ah, fuck. Sir, I'm sorry that second part of the line I don't... I'm simply saying... Ah, fuck. Yes. Oh, God. I guess you're going to kill my god, freedom. Yeah. All right. I guess we'll kill her. Not why. I want my time, Gilbert. Not why. Well, Gilbert, I pretty much... I think you're terrible, but... You're the closest thing we got. You got the job. That's a thing to find 50 WQAM. Rabbi tells Conneryster the personal struggle. Oh, it's a penis murderable place. It's not like that. I bet they don't. Rabbi Steven F. Mark said he's been dealing with a wall of fear and to get over it, he decided to take a difficult step. And a lot of last week, the WQAM was tempo-bethyl congregation Mark wrote that he is gay and they decided to tell his flock only after much agonizing. Oh, oh, oh! In his letter he asked for understanding that he wanted to tell his congregation himself. Over the course of time, I have wrestled with my sexuality and maybe a few guys. And recognize that I'm gay. He wrote, he's 49 years old, and Yadiyati. I had so far the range of reactions on clear. Members who were contacted had no comment. But in the letter that I'd like to members it about the same time, Mox did. Temple president to see a burco said the burco. Sounds like he's sure that from burco was down there. So see a burco said the Teflos board method would not on October 11. We read from the document to the congregation in Rabbi and were going forward with open minds to open hearts of burco wrote. Mox came to Temple Bethel from Springfield, and all I worked for six years he was a Rabbi temple, Rick Shalom. He's been separated from his wife, Jacqueline. They mocked half three children. I didn't like that. But it's good enough for the priest who is willing to come up for the freaking Rabbi. I thought that when I sat down this morning since we're now only less than three weeks away from the election and after last night it's settled in the debate number three, the last and final one. I thought that these lines were be smoking here this morning. Oh, they smoke in low. No, maybe they aren't just smoking. Here's a call in the key. Tell us. Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. Make a lady. Maybe at least one. The oxy king. What about him? I heard a man. They suck it. What? They suck it. Why don't they have a gold tender? Can you name me anybody on the team? No, I... I... Okay. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. Here we are here, stop Florida. The election is less than three weeks away. The poor show Florida is within two points within the statistical margin of error. Then he even said them. The future of your children, the future of America is hinging laying on it, and the first call on the New Year round you show this morning. Maple leaves. They're the best. Doesn't know one player on the team doesn't know that they've lost either for a five game, that they have no defense to see that they're playing like crap. The guys over the age of 100, we're here to see everybody again this morning. Where are these people with African reaction? Or that's like their pissed off because they're not all up to work up about Israel. That's right. I forgot about that. Sorry. Am I sorry about it? No. Absolutely not. That was prophetic. There was worse than the guy with the eyes. That's saying moron. Five, six, seven, 0, 5, 60, Tom, five, 60 on the 18. I mean, I got all the stuff here, but I thought for sure that people would have something to say here this morning. You know what they got to say? That's what they got to say. Holy crap. And you want gestant frickin' topics? And don't get panicky. There was only two fifty seven dollars in the last day, one or three. It's making a nice comeback. It's making a close. Just like the maple leaves, it's close. Park line. Hello. Hi. How are you? I'm trying to understand something. I don't know if you watch this, you know, how they do the, but now also it's on people that haven't made up their mind. Yes. I saw two of them. I saw the one on CNN and then I saw the one on CBS. I don't understand what a few of the people were saying they go out of the answer the questions. They're like, well, they're watching the same thing. No. There was obvious to me the one on CBS that those people that all made up their mind ahead of time, that they were running through their teeth, and especially having you could tell when you lifted them, who they were in a support. There was no question in my mind. Right. I just have a hard time. But it was interesting the group in St. Louis were, however the hell they had worth worth even at the school, the church building where they were was, and they had a large, funny two people in there with them. All of them took a go on the debate, no matter who they're supported, they also go on that debate. Oh absolutely. And it liked you. And when Goar walked over here in the beginning, I'd like that to know I knew it was the debate. I mean, Goar was going to debate from there on up. And Bush had that here that looked at, it's still the fight look on his face all the time. It's almost like he's holding up a sign saying, God, am I stupid and don't you just love it? No. So you know what I'm talking about? You know where the damn could be, but I'm not. No yet. I'll let you know. That's it. Thank you. Okay. Well, let you know as soon as the nephew and Miguel, you know, get out of the sack and I'll be in the sack together this morning. Well, I could be with you though. 5605060, Pomp 560 on the 18p in Verizon, Ellis line, West Coast is open and the rest of the world 87770556345. Here's a motherland broken, hello. Hello. Yes sir. You know, I'm not stuck to bed last night in the hands. If you can move, you have to allow people to ask questions that no relevant to 95% of this country. Right. And then in Jim Ler, the sky from PBS, this fossil is Jackass. He's the one picking from all their questions in the sighting. And to give that net one man like him and an old fossil like him, that much power, the influence of what the debate's going to be about is his ridiculous. How do I recognize just what people get up at spontaneously asked the question? Maybe you should bring the program onto Miami or South Florida. We can get to the meeting. Yeah, we can get a question like the first guy in head. Yeah. The question that I'm in is why I mean, I understand that they have me. The new stream reporters. So why are they called as one guy's relationship with the guy's in the test? So we can see how they operate on the fire. Okay, let's go. Yeah, so I'm going to let all of us show a couple of hard bars. Somebody don't put their feet into the floor like Larry King, right? I'm a big one. 5605060, pound 560, this is real good so far. Anybody under 100 listening today? Huh? Want to see? Here's Miramar, hello. Hey, Miramar. Yes sir. Listen, answer me a question. Why is it that all Jewish people are liberal? They're nice. 99% of the people that I hear call them into your show. How about the guy who's doing those commercials that Ben, what's his name Ben Schine? Ben, ask Black whatever his name is. He's a right wing Jew. He's proud of it. He's a wealthy right wing Jew. There's plenty of those people. But this way, dude, and I'm not being quite just, I'm asking us, you know. What kind of Jewish tradition to be liberal in the care about social issues? That's part of Jewish tradition. Part of the Jewish ethic. That's correct. Are you Jewish? Yes. You can idea my Jewish? How long have you listened to this program? I don't know, I'm not sure. Five years. You're asking me am I Jewish? Five years, humanity. Five years, too many. Yeah. You know, you have a confession and confess your priest. Are you the listening to the show and you feel bad about it? Actually, don't feel bad about it. Okay. But anyways. So how could you possibly ask me if I'm Jewish? Well, how many non-Jews use Jewish words on here? I mean, right? One thing's being Jewish and the other one is practicing. No, I don't practice. No, I don't. That's why I was asking. That's why I was asking. No. But I'm a practicing atheist. I'm working at a feverish link. You said you were going to vote. No, and I changed my mind. I'm going to vote five times. You're going to vote. And I'm voting for Goro. I know that'll give you upset, but I'm voting. No, no, no. Because I can't vote for a moron who is dangerous. I can't do it. Well, you know, I'm not going to go a moron. You even don't think he is. No, he's not. I respect what he thinks. No, he doesn't think he's living and he ain't got to be charismatic. But he's certainly not a moron. We definitely don't have a leader in the Coranat. I agree with the movie Coranat. We have no charismatic leader out there. And the few that are out there. You see, you're far into this trafficking. the strapping and the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book of the book that is from the school and the book of the book of the book of the book of theuj, and you have that book of theæ‹¿ of the books of the book of the book of the book of the on his business. No, I agree with that. What I don't agree with is the congenity situation is that the his family bothers way up. That's correct. And that that I had a bad idea about this. What about Bush? Well, how about Bush? That's true. Who got the gentleman see it? Yeah. That's true. That's true. There is a lot of money. And he went up in the National Guard and didn't go to Vietnam and wound up this appearing in Alabama for a year and never bothered showing up. Hang out in the second one. When we brought that up about Quentin, then everybody said who cares? Well, that went why was it relevant? If you brought it up about Clinton, why would you bring it up about Bush? If it's just like Clinton, you know, he didn't inhale the one time. And everybody met a lot of people made a big deal about that. He tried marijuana. We didn't have to. Here's a guy that's got a substance of use. That's an admit alcohol and rumors are that he also likes to little up the nose. And you don't have a problem with that. Not if he's been, you know, sober and dry for, you know, for ex-demonic. Let me say to again, an alcoholic is an alcohol alcoholic for life. And he could be dry for 20 years, for 30 years. And that doesn't guarantee that if for under some circumstances around their subscript, he wanted to pick a drink that he isn't going to become irresponsible again. I don't want to know how to call it being the president. So, no, but I have a little thing. I'm on the nuclear button. I also don't want to first lady that's the manic depressive. Yeah, my house. So, I mean, we can look at all about the first lady that's a bike. Yeah, well, that's what you got now. I, I'm the president of the against, like, what is in the circuit? Well, he likes to like. No, I'm not that so what I said. I said, well, you do have a bomb with what they do in their personal life. Well, you do like that. So, if you had a couple of hot-looking bikes, you would mind, uh, except if they're going to be in the White House. Then I have a problem with what about if they're in Lincoln bedroom? The Lincoln what? Okay, see, thanks. I was in bed. And that was a good line. The Lincoln bedroom. Boba turned the Lincoln bedroom into the Lincoln bedroom. I'm not really, I'm sorry. I have to hurry up and get some of the stuff. Well, I think everybody was getting some off. What's the problem with that? Everybody was getting some. They went a good, more, more some time until it was made public. And then she got real sorely about it. And then, we were the god of it. There's, oh, boy, we're the frizzy here. What is her name? I can never figure her name. Don't even don't say it. Let me see how long it takes before the name comes from. Yo, if you paid me, if you gave me all of my money back right now that I'm lost in the market on paper, I still couldn't tell you what her name is. Chelsea, see, money did it. That's been Jewish. 26 after 10 at 5 60 WQM. He couldn't have such a title. Oh, yeah. Everybody's getting a win to now. No, my baby. I'm still a caution. If it's still being decided, making you ill now. No, my baby. There's a million of caution. No, not your baby. If it's too easy to do, you just walk on a day. If you think you will, to come on, come on. Stay to feel the questions I'm leaving. How could it be a 90 minutes away? How could 90 minutes go by and out one person, especially the women in that audience last night? Right there in San Luis. Now, one more one had a question about a bison and about the RU pregnant pill and about bushes hysterical, phonetical, fetus hugging, not to mention the court that he wants to divert all this money to so-called charitable and the religious organizations to all their great work. The religious right and big business, right there is some, so I'm working to say about bush. Oh, he's a little guy, kind of funny looking. Well, I'll be saying that. 5 670 560, palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. If I get better in the OCDs and cassette, inspects all of us out for the including vehicles and four buyers, you can order your cassette and see these anti-chains at WQM.com or yourloggers.com and the guys will be going out somewhere today as soon as they'll let us know. Soon as they decide to get out their lands. Here's a lady, no one in Fort Latterdale Hall. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. Hi, the moderator of Wolf's Whistler was moderating the panel and wearing this again and I thought that we were the most in San Francisco. Yeah, and we talked about the fact that McCrom County, which is where more and news is the most pivotal. That's a key county because those were so called Reagan Democrat to needy. Well, that's very good news. What I wanted to make a comment on was the fact that the popping heads afterwards, I did not hear one of them. So anything about this is randomly. I mean, there are several times when I start the little and death. Any any, every kind of you got back into a quarry, you started doing that randomly, nothing about a formative axis. Then you started turning to the moderator, did you? Well, we agreed on the rules. He made the rules and we like a little kid in the classroom. There's a lot of the kind of the teacher. That's exactly what I thought. It's like the little kid. And it's been known that playing by the rules. Anyway, I just so feel like you're talking about that. I also didn't like casting an end. I knew it that we put on a 15 followed by John McCain. I thought that was. Have you ever seen him do you believe him in under two? They're all making the round. He who has such things. Anyway, he's playing a good my comments and then thanks about breaking. Okay, vote over you often. We got that. Okay, bye bye. Yeah, all you folks out there, and you dot folks, you better get out there, baby. I'm telling you right now, unless you want to be picking comment about six months, you better get out there in vote three four times. No excuses this time, but I get all your folks out there, all your people. And all you Jews out there, the old Jews in the condo, you better if you have to take you rocker, if you have to squeeze your bag out of the volume of pulling place, just do it. Bring up a long somebody will be the squeeze it for while you're punching your thing and about it too. Well, look at this. But this is pathetic. This is sad. I'm not going to sit here and go through all kinds of generation to get a comment out of this crowd. This is pathetic. Okay, George is going to do another show on him at least. Now, George, I'm going home. I'm going to get a couple of calls on it, but this is week to the extent of I'm embarrassed. I'm more embarrassed for this town. It's always this way here. Always. Yeah, well, nobody cares about this. You're the only one. Nobody cares. And there's a bad choice. How could you not care? They got a guy on CNBC this morning. I know I'm a little bit of a name. I wish I did know his name. He's not on there any more now. Thank God. And in this guy's his transpired in the pain of glass. He's talking about where you're a pharmaceutical should be strong. This is when the market was you're crashing, which is still not too good. But in the first few minutes. And he's saying, well, pharmaceutical should be good depending on who wins the election. And the only hope we've gotten the coming months is for a tax cut, but that takes a long time to kick in. Why didn't he have a bush bumper sticker on his forehead? Big business, special interest. And the fanatical religious right. That's what this man is all about. He can package it anyway. He can make all kinds of stuff that's indicating jokes like he did the dirty end about. Please only go one and all of a sudden, crap. He's a daughter. He's a moron. He's some of them saw us. And if you these people and I understand, girls about his inspiring is a fruit fly, but nevertheless, you want that thing with any kind of objectivity last night's world. They're in them. He's buried in my life. When I kept backing himself into a corner, grabbing on the gym where his hand like, oh, please help me on our mirror, the walls, remember the worst thing where it's the end about that's only $3 million for social security. How do you people like to be putting your money in the stock market right now that you're planning on retiring on? Anybody any volunteers? Oh, I don't think so. And additionally, what's even his own people admit that that's a whole scam because never possibly work. And we'll bankrupt the whole social security fund. But instead of really answering the question, well, it's an old high school ability trick to make it attack on your opponent. Every time there's a dispute about the fact, every time Golden would pick issue with any position of it, if he turns right to turn into a personal attack. And his old responses, wow, I get along with everybody and I can work for bipartisan and I'll get it done. That's a different argument. Yeah, it's only a half step away from Ross Pro. We'll run up your sleeves and lift it up the engine and just off your studies and do do do. Yeah, while he would do do not over the hurricane 50 times a week. No specifics, no issues, no facts, no statistics, no nothing. Just compassionate fashion. That's where he has to offer us. How can nobody ask about the judges again last night about the apartment not only Supreme Court, you know, the federal judge's. How can nobody ask that kind of a question, Jim Laura, there's a man who want to be pillory there today. They are a pillory with Hillary. I'll be a good show of continuity on CNN. Gotta be whatever crap they got on now. Here's a lady in Bokeh. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. Yeah, I like you. You think my day to read I would hate radio's on this. Oh, boy. Uh, I've treated you on a talk. I've probably more than the whole rest of the town to individual. Okay. So they think they've decided to go in. They're liars, they're free orders. They want a free meal, which they get when they appear out there and they want their 15 minutes of things. Yeah. They are BS artists, all of them on all the channels. Now, if you watch the today show, these people. No, I don't watch that. Well, let me tell you what the money. As much as I know and you know and the whole world knows the effort to world here, one is minute. If you want, if you tell them, like you said, he better than I will. I really do want to get him in the mouth. Yeah, I was close. I thought it was going to be a morning kiss. I want to be a good boy. I'm sorry. Chris Matthews. I beg your I'm sorry. Yeah. What's on with now? Yeah. And this was the best thing I have heard to the whole campaign. I had been waiting for some of the put fish check-ups in his place. And, you know, Matthews is our an abortion busion busion busion. Yeah. So he said he did. You make up your bad. Did you make up your mind yet? He asked Chris Matthews. He says, no, Navalala, I said, you're a liar. You made it up four years ago. I'm telling you, I'm writing a letter to NBC, which stands for nothing but crap. And in this NBC, stands for more shots, nothing but crap. And I'm going to tell him that getting replaced time broke. Okay. And how did they say, calm down? Well, she's all worked up. Chris Matthews. He's a little guy. I came to funny. Looking 20, one before 11 and five, 60, W. I think you're Q. I just discovered that. What did that come to? I used it after all of my open room down. I never saw that before, because it looked like I said before when you were on a phone about boy. Oh, he's a little guy. I came to funny looking. Some of them, farther away movie, you should say. No. Why? Because it's a good movie. That's what you told me about that. A line's mystery. Alasco. Well, it's a good looking person with the criteria. There was nobody in this movie. Well, it's Chris. I wasn't in that mystery Alasco. But there was a door here with a bit of a, oh, cake. That wasn't worth it. 20, four, 11 and five, 60, W. Q. Wait. But the award is show. Sports radio. 5, 60. You. A. Learn a bloody bitch. It'd be an envelope holding. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. Alasco. Oh Karl's Manuel his bandwidth. Alasco! Yeah, we can do that now, with the freshuckers already in progress. 35-50WC William American have most sex Japanese delays. Americans had sex most often this year while older teens in young adults and Japan did it at the least. The robust survey by British condom makers had Tuesday. Americans also the quickest to lose their virginity go with the French who both are having the most sexual partners said SSL and the National and Manufacturers duet condoms. On average, people globally are having sex 96 times a year. In their survey of 18,000 adults between 16 and 25. You see they say about 16 and 25 because in the rest of the world 16 in almost every country is involved in some countries less than that. Americans tend to be enjoying the most sex at 130 times a 32 times a year followed by Russians 122, the French 121 and the Greeks. Back then, 115. The survey said young Japanese made love to least often a 37 times a year while Malaysians in the 50s and 50s and the 59 times a year. All the Chinese are terrified to do it too often because they don't want to start making those babies because they are bad repercussions for that. Let's do a quick rule and I will come up with a regular poll later in some notes. But let's do a mini poll here on who won the debate last night. And get the stupid crap off about get. We haven't got some topics on the show. No. I wouldn't have cared if it would have come out a thousand percent. A lot of having guests in topics on the show. The answer is low. Bye bye. No way. Who under the debate last night? That's our poll right now. We're going to do it for a couple hours and see how that goes. Bush or Gore. First up, can you handle it? Of course, there'll be a lot of people. We want to borrow a game. We don't watch that. We want to have baseball games. Don't get feedback that's somebody serious. Here's a mobile and tell a B. I want to talk about the debate. But let me just say one thing about that woman that was on the church real quick. The woman that was on with George that Palestinian woman posing as you. I'm not Jewish, but I'm a big supporter for you. I'm a big supporter for you. I'm a big supporter for you. She equated. No, no, no, no. Wait a minute. See, George just needed more, George said. George said yes, he is Jewish. You're from New York, right? I'm a triumph. The year when the limit will be here from New York. Absolutely. Okay. See, I can tell the guys from New York. He has a lot of people from New York who aren't Jewish. It's a new York son. But George immediately, that's his anti-Semitism raising up again. So, oh, he is Jewish. Say, because of the fact that he can tell you from New York, there's a few people from New York that aren't Jewish about 20 or 30. That's right. Now, most of our time in New York, right? And some of our kids, too. Who listen to this, Neil? She equated. And I'm not lying. She equated. Who must putting a bomb on a school bus or a bus in Jerusalem? I'm honest, yeah. You're doing innocent women and children. Yeah. That's the same. And it's really culture, shooting a Palestinian who's getting rocks and bottles and shots, you know, thrown again. What about the Palestinians that burned the lives of me? Well, we're going to be miserable. Yeah. But there's this, you know. How is acting somebody defending themselves is two different things here. That's what I want to say. Yeah. Right. When somebody's defending themselves, and somebody puts a bus, we're not in the usual. See, I'm not going to get involved in this because as far as I'm concerned, I know who the terror is or I know that I know that, I know that, uh, uh, just my thing here is nothing but a terrorist and always will be. But the fact is that they're all crazy. That's why I won't waste my time getting involved in it because there's no way to justify either side. There are lunatic, there are lunatic on both sides. And once you get fundamentalist lunatic together, you have a northern island. You have an Indian-apacic event. And you have a constant 5000 year long thing in the Middle East. There is no such thing as Middle East pieces. They just, they just came to this unsight degree in the yesterday. And then there are the talking heads around my sight, saying, oh well, even though they had their remits to end our facilities, yes, what they're still killing each other. So what it's surprised. Oh, you're right. That's the most summit with the government. It's never going to stop. Never going to stop that. But you better understand there's a lot of people that he Jews out there. They enjoy Georgia shows. I don't know. Let's take the Jews. Enjoy that. Let's emphasize with those core Palestinians, they stole their land and they don't have enough land elsewhere. I'm a push supportive. And this is one common denominator throughout the free debate. And the world is facing a new learning effort. What happens is going to possibly say with a straight face that you are bush supportive? How could you say that? I like bush. All right, well, let me finish here. Go out of sort of a strong and everyone in the base. No doubt about it. I'm not sure if you have. But in the last 20 minutes of every debate, bush seems to come on. And the one thing that you need about affirmative access is clothing statement. Last night, I saw blue layout, horse clothes. Or I looked very painted in this clothing statement. His veins will pop and now he wasn't relaxed. I don't know if he's a doctor. I don't know how many of you look at it. They're veins. And as far as you want to talk about appearance during the whole thing, to me, bush looks, you know, terrified. He looks to be wildered and confused. And he looks dumb. I mean, one thing about him, at least he represents tooth and advertising because he looks dumb. And he is dumb. But what people remember though is like the last 20 minutes a half hour when they they focus groups and everything else. That's why the debates are so close. People say they want to watch bush to very well at the end of each debate. Well, I don't think he did well at any point. From the very beginning last night, when he was something and from the around about the simple needs for those dead people, you know, the ones that are talking about. Well, more did make the biggest wonder of the evening. And I'm not a pharmaceutical expert, my any special imagination. But when I came out of my chair, when Gorge said that the pharmaceutical spends more money on advertising than researching the belt. It's four to one, the other way. Yeah, well, I think who would have been much better off to point out that number. The number one contributed to the Bush campaign is Philip Morris company. Number three is the National Micro Association and number four are the pharmaceutical companies. Well, on the first quarter and it's going to be, we won't know even midnight of election. I just could have went block away for the next morning. It could be that far. Well, we're going to be having a Palestinian expert on that today too. George could be the Palestinian expert by the way. He's shorted all on. Okay. How about you? That is him. Oh, hello. To like the suck up now is you're not fooling anybody. You're out of the closet. He knows what that meant. And he doesn't know. He's not Jewish. Yeah. See, you have, it's really terrifying to me that you're seeing so anti-Semitic now that it's like a pretty thing you're going to come to look swastik is now, which is something you nobody can defend the people being killed without being anti-Semitic. That's what it all comes down. Nobody can defend people being killed. I'm not talking about that. I'm getting rolling single. Get about the middle to eating. Get about the middle to eating. Get about the middle to eat. Just in general, your anti-Semitic. I mean, we know that to begin with so. No, because you are. There's nothing wrong with that. There's a lot of anti-Semitic. Based on what exactly? Based on maybe you had a bad experience in my channel with a job. There, I don't know. I have no idea. Maybe it was Bob Green. That could do it. Holdouts right there. They might buy the station. Like I said, we always like Bob Green. Must be some maybe it was the sales department. Maybe contract with you over the age. Maybe Peter Leonard, we got some age using the sales department. They also know the thing. If I got a certain position, it wouldn't convince you that I'm not. I don't want to know. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Amy, how you doing? Okay. I heard you, you crying a little bit earlier for some young college to give you a call. So I prod call in. Let's you know I'm under 30 years of age. Yes, sir. And I just want to give you my take on the debates and what's really going on. And the way that I look at things is you have what I call the vote issues. And those are things like gun control and a portion where you get everybody that has an opinion and it just puts them on one side of the sense of the other. But when you really start getting about standard of living and you know what's going to make me more comfortable in my life. You know, I say, you know, every time I look at my paycheck and I see the government taking extra percent of social security. And I feel very uncomfortable with them mismanaging my funds. Not letting me have a say and where am I? When you by mismanaging your funds like they pointed out last night like go up on it. Nobody has ever missed the social security check ever in the history since the Roosevelt government. Well, no, they haven't missed it. But what they're missing on is, you know, they're only getting 2% return and a super CD which is FTIC in shirt. Yeah. And, you know, we didn't secure investing. You're not talking about the stock market. They're not misleading people. You know, I mean, getting you six and seven percent. So, I mean, you're losing five to five to six percent right off the bat. You know, and the government doesn't want to do it. And I mean, it's just a bureaucracy. You know, they want to get themselves richer. And, you know, that's another thing that really puts me, you know, I'm not looking at what I'm going to reach from social security. Well, I've been saying for social security. I'm saying that the Democrats say they love the turn things around. I mean, they did, you know, you did a dollar on the level. Yeah, well, let's, instead of just talking about the Democrats decision and Republicans that, let's look at it again. Eight years ago, we had a trillion dollar budget deficit. Four trillion dollar budget deficit. We had the economy was in the crapper. Here we are eight years later. We have unemployment as a Zidian times where we got 22 million new jobs. Me, okay. Minority on a perimeter. It's an all-time low since they started keeping us statistics. I don't understand what you're talking about. You're not even doing that. You're going to really sit here and tell me that the economic prosperity that we're having now is directly due to the clean administration. No, it's just a coincidence. It's just an accident. It's just like a budget deficit is growing in coincidence for great number of rich people. Well, that trickle down, which we just have fraud to give rich people a tax cut. No, never worse. The accident, never worse. The accident is that the house in Senate throughout the current administration has been Republican. That's the accident, right? And there are the ones that are really getting the things done. Yeah. I mean, the only thing that we can't hear that is the only thing Clinton is doing that is getting more affection than the old people. Okay, well listen, vote early and off and tell whatever makes you happy. See, here we go again. Personalities, Clinton, getting blow jobs near roll office and all this other happy horse craft. Oh, I know he's been bad. He's been terrible. Last eight years at a worst of my life. I mean, you know, if you just want to be partisan politically, that's fine. I'm not going to wait most people either political animals. I'm a lifelong Democrat, but the fact is, if the Republican had somebody good, I would consider them. Believe it or not, somebody who is like a little bit more comments, somebody a little bit more rational. Somebody certainly with a higher IQ than his bosos, somebody wasn't in the pocket of the right wing religious nuts, and they have a big money interest. Or companies, the pharmaceutical companies, the tobacco companies. That's George W. Those are the people that you like. Those are the people you want to see make a lot of money. And find vote for Bush. That's what you call about. You can, you can give me all kinds of verbal jie, like these last two colors here. Like they like the guy your friend, your a glacier friend, or from New York. I sounded into about how in the last few minutes. But there was no point in which during the debate last night, you could honestly say that Bush looked presidential, that he sounded like somebody really belonged in a light house. And it's just in name. It's ludicrous. You talk about people letting folks put in something over on them. This is unreal. That's a Republican party, which for some reason keeps coming up with candidates like Bob Goldwood is limped for apparatus and all these other losers. These born losers. I mean, should Democrats have Michael Lukakis, maybe they learned their lesson. Not that I'll go as a big improvement. Leakeys tower. Better here. I mean, you know, when they had, when they had the Lukakis running, I should whatever you run him for. Oh, he's a little guy. I came to funny looking. Yeah. 1057 is 560. No, that's a QA. I thought Lee's 3p tall. He would have gotten George his movie next to a shortcut. 4305-6. No, but you can see way in by him. He's more longer than a measly broadcast group. Stay Shabb. WQAM.com for the more. He's a season of days. Inside a season of days. He was bedding in five. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of days. He and from season of day. These are known as the animators too. Another word from season of days. That's when people want to do them again. We neither yet find from season five. ours, oh he's a crow. Oh that's even worse. He's easy and can answer guys from next. See I thought it was a joke. I thought maybe they were given him any for whatever reason, which is unlikely because they love us. But so he just killed him and he puts him in his desk and is handing around the building and thinks it's a big joke. Don't ever let him in that door again ever. He could bring in 10 accounts tomorrow. I wouldn't touch him with your tongue. I would have anything to do with him. Not that he was not that he would bring in 10 accounts this year or next year or the next year. He's another one for those naked pictures. Well I'll tell you one thing. A lot of folks come into this place and all of a sudden it must be headloom down there at the door when you come in. It must be during the hours and more on the area. It must be peddling the copies of the whole one or I guess I've taken pictures. You got to jump for life. It's a great way to build a building. Go. Here's a lady in Tamara. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. I'm voting for Gore and I agree with you to tell you everything that you said. I'm the CEO that we do need and we have to hear coverage for at least 40 million Americans who have nothing and I don't know what Mr. Bush claims to do about that. He never said anything. He never gives any specific to the right. He never gives any specific to the right. He doesn't believe in the big government. He believes in the people. There's given people all of money and let them make their own mistakes. Sure. And most of them will go growth. I'll give the rich people all of everybody else's money. Right. Well one column that said I remember reading this several years ago what do we probably can do best is nothing and what they do next is nothing and I totally agree. And I'd also like to know what happened to the code system as far as immigration goes. What are we going to do about that? It's just going to let everybody come point. Well, they know that nobody has that question either. Nothing about immigration. Nothing about abortion. I want to silly questions that like a third greater would be a person that's given the answer. Yeah. We're anyway I'm voting for Gore and I don't think that Bush could be a good leader for us. I don't think he could lead up the street. Well let's give him a shot at that. Maybe that'll be a pretty good. Okay. Okay. Okay. How many of you have got so far? Who under the date last night? 42 votes so far? 29 for Gore. 13 for boys. Wow. Hey, they got a good sensey humor. I like it when you said Eeeey. I've got the four time. Well, you know, I really want to well my my stupidity to them dead people. I mean the other day this morning and last night tonight, whatever they died and dead people, you know. I was and see and the thing of it is the people who made up their minds for Bush. I've admitted many times how I'm very starting with Gore what a thunderhead he is and a personality like a rock. I try to be a little bit objective. But the Bush people it's like there's nothing he can say or do. There's no performance that he can come up with that will well, they'll shake them from their from this brainwashing they've had. The because his name is Bush or for whatever reason it might be the fishman is presidential material. They've been touting him for so long now. Ever since goal took a big rest of four years ago. They've been touting him for so long and people just assumed oh yeah he's in line. He's next in the ascendancy. He's going to hear the president take. He's the next Bush. And that's your him it'll be. Jeb and then after him it'll be George P. to luck I said thank you doing work that good anymore. Yeah they they contributed a lot to our society they contributed and I thought to myself this little uh uh what back he's a guy who I don't want to say it this little speaker he's a little bit. He's a little bit. He's a little bit. He's next to him you're in liking. Here's Holly with Hello. Hello. Half Mexican I don't know which half yes sir. Are you trying to be? Nice you're in. Oh great. Neil I got to tell you I'm steaming here from some of the calls that you're getting per bush. I mean these people need to stop shooting the pop the pop and drink some water and rehydrate or something because I cannot see with a life of me. Yeah. How they can say what they're saying. The one guy that he didn't even notice last night also I'm sure he doesn't have that head cold anymore that was he excused in the second debate that he had a cold. He kept the whole time he was sniffling there like cocusers. Yeah I was kind. I don't want to suggest that he's yeah well you know all you need to do without debate anybody wants to go back and look out and it's just watching with the sound down and watching sniff on the corner there. I mean the man looked so scared it was unbelievable because gorgeous came out and Gordon beat him he pummeled it okay he came out there and he was charged that was the outgour who came out and the campaign and the convention and talked to the people and that's the guy he finally got to the point where he said I don't care people like me this is who I am and this is what I'm going to do and that's the guy we should have been seeing all along because that's the guy who can run this country. You know what I'm saying? I know what you're saying and these people people are the best we got and he's great. Well you know not a great. I'm charged with it and by the way you are asking about people who care I care and I want to see something to that guy who called and said Republicans have run the Congress for the last eight years that's not true. Bill Clinton came in with a Democratic Congress and the first bunch is he put forward he knew was going to house the Democrats from Congress but he needed to do it anyway because he had to get this country turned around from George W's daddy who had screwed everything up. So I mean let's get real if you're going to vote for George Bush then you might as well George for both for anybody who can talk you might as well vote for yourself because anybody can pop the game but this guy doesn't know what's going on but he can't talk to the game he doesn't even do that. Well I mean he can't hide he hides under the moderators armpit as soon as he gets back in the order quarter he hides under the moderators armpit and starts crying foul. Well that's true but he's got the campaign behind him and they share me I'll tell you that because he's got good campaign people behind him and go and go and got bad campaign people. You know that's a good one and go and go and go and go ahead the right handlers and the right campaign people behind him. He'd be ahead by 25 points right now. Absolutely but you know something this guy comes out and he can talk and he's he gets fed and anybody can get fed but you want to know something or knows what's going on from Congress to the Senate to being on the defense committee and as a vice president in the this country are you really these Bush people are they really going to take a chance on somebody who can just talk. I mean any of us can talk you know what I'm saying. So I mean come down vote two or three times. I've done 20. Okay all right. Okay I think George in there little George every now and then he puts his thumb on and he's summed up pretty well he said you got a twist between Gore and Gore. And then I think he was right. Well he's going to get a shot and show over the ears you know which side is better but it's not even going home with his time or camera or the tape. I have a little up doll. Nine minutes after 11 to five sixty WCWM how young is too young even the problem is you're not talking to you so you barely say two words to him and you call me. One whole hour of the hottest talk on radio but doctor is in. Man is to big okay. I'm gonna run a nasty baby calling me back in a couple of weeks. Do you know you're on the air with Dr. Visco and how man? Dr. Visco. Yes. I'm not leaving. I'm leaving. I'm leaving. I'm leaving. Sure. And I'm not that kind of doctor. Are you familiar with Dr. Dean? Very good. Yes. You should be calling Dr. Dean show. He could help you out with that. Oh yeah. So do that. Listen well you're on hold. Master. Okay. All right. Dr. Visco. Week days at noon. 14 packs 11 at 5. 60 WCWM. Speaking of that here's a headline on a store in this fourth section in the paper this morning. Suncental. U.M. tight ends. Grasping pants. Wack them. That's that's how to write what I was talking about the other day. I'm going to put it somewhere on. There you go. U.M. tight ends are grasping. 5. 670. 550. How's that survey coming so far? 89 votes. Who want that debate last night? Pretty simple question. 70 people said Gorlone, no brainer. 19 speaking no brainer said bush one. I mean it just terrifying to me that even in this audience have supposedly brilliant people. Oh, he's a little guy. I can't even find a looking. Yeah. Is lying just working or what? No. See I knew that. Well no because it just doesn't make sense that it would go from five to seven all the time and it would just be not working. I just got to check it out. It was not working the other day and it got fixed. It got to be positively. Oh, supposedly it's not working again. Why thought we would just check it out? So we can report it to our engineering staff. So they can report it to the phone company and we got one line that's worked out. We got a few others that do and might even need them. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Oh, yeah. I'm right. I absolutely go one of the debates and thank God that he was himself finally and he big bad guy completely down. What I would like to say I was watching CNN last night and there was like interviewing those people on decided and one of the teacher you can see like he's completely gone for the Republican side and he's the teacher. He wants to know about education and then about a gun thing. When they finish the debate they ask him who you think won the debate. So he's starting to know I think God done a lot of good job regarding the education and he spoke a lot about school and anything he done a better job. So both said so you decide to go and he said no I still win the good. And he said so why? And he said well I think because of the gun issues. So he's a teacher and he's a guy for I think he figures now that that bush is led to the guns and churches and synagogues and taxes up. Nestle will be a lot of let you bring your your piece into school. Well, Neil, I think even if the subject and we're run again will be the good. Okay, let's hope so. Thank you. Okay, because I'm going to get him to run again. Who is it? Oh, it was a Todd Drec who was in here this morning and he I mean this you are even better strapped yourself in. One of our sales people who comes out and his new deal now is he comes up and just talks my ear off on good buddy Todd Drec. And just a very annoying. He was getting into a political thing and I mean that's it's to talk around the water cooler here not that we actually have some of our purple turret water in the building but about to debate and we're talking about to debate. So anyway Todd Drec does stand to be what you know and he starts talking about Clintney. He says you may think I'm crazy but I think he did a pretty good job. So obviously Todd does not listen to the show. That's number one. And number two he says, but you know I guess I guess he even if he wanted to look and he run again isn't that eight years? No, Steve George just go off the chair. What's somebody take George up off the floor? Yes. This is a man married with children with grain here in our sales department, Jewish. Never so afraid train that we know of but did bring fat boy into the building okay? Well you see the correlation now he brought fat boy in here. Not as bright as he may have appeared at some point in time. I see a pattern. Yeah, I see a very different male pattern bulbons would be the hell out of that gray here. But yeah, he actually asked me if couldn't could run again. And the only I said, yeah, I said that. Because yeah, that's a good point. Only during the leap here. Right. Only if he leaps on it. Here's cruel spring, Tom. Yes sir. Okay. We need to tell you the 100% problem with this whole election. Yeah. Now a goal is just too smart for the general public. That's the bottom line. Is that it? When you get these to the guys on stage, they ask a question like last night, this lady asked the question about the Alterson school systems. Right. Or gets up and and Bush gets up there talking about his accountability and consequence. And they paned back to the lady and they're here's rolling up at her eyes. Yeah. And he's speaking in general. Yeah. They asked Gore a question about it. And he gives you statistics and he gives you numbers. And then everybody in the audience looks at, you know, their eyes plays over. The astonishing part of the debate last night was the woman they kind of a pudgy woman with glasses who asked about she said she was 34 a single. And she was asking about the tax cut plans and how they compare and how would affect her. And Gore answered the question he gave her or whatever and his whole response was about tax cuts. Bush answered a question by going on. He started mentioning something about tax cuts. But then he, I thought he was going to lose it at that point. He started rambling and going out about well, it will be safe and safe for your children, of course, you didn't have any children. But safe for your children to go to school. And it will be the world will be safe. And he was just rambling incoherently about all these unrelated things because he can't really answer a question. If it isn't something that he's been pre-programmed with, he can't do it. But the bottom line is when Gore answered, when Gore answers a question, it's so detailed that most of the public looks at him and they totally lose their concentration. They lose what he's trying to come across with. And what happens is you get a guy up there who speaks to the general public in generalities and they understand it. They're like, you know, he'll say something like, well, we need to do this. But he doesn't explain how he plans to do. And everybody's like, yeah, we do this. That's how it was 19 million people voted for Ross Perot because he talked in glittering generalities and he wasn't one of the above and therefore he was appealing to a lot of dumb people. Exactly. And that's what's going to be the problem here is that he is going to appeal to a lot of people that just cannot comprehend what Gore's trying to express and they're going to go both for. And I'm scared of him. Scary. I'm squealing to right now. Got to head toward under my armpit. I don't know. I just, I don't know how it's going to turn around. I guess at this point there, there's still neck and neck. You know, something I don't believe any of these polls because every day it's a little bit different. One day it scores up 3% and then it's bushes up 6% and then down to 3. And if you look at the state by state polls, it's so damn close. The whole thing hinges on only one thing who votes. Who's going to vote on a member's Senate? Well, I'm hoping that what's going to happen is I think that these polls that are being conducted by a lot of these TV networks and you don't see an end in everything or they're not getting a lot of the people from 18 to 25. Well, you're not going to vote. People like that don't respond to those types of people. Well, that's not going to be, they'll go out and vote and I think that the predominant amount of those people that go out and vote are going to vote for four. So that's not going to vote. Well, in addition to which I disagree with you, I don't think that most of the 18 to 24 year old people in fact, the ones that are going to vote in that age, they're voting for nader that's showing their vote away. He's turned on his generation of young naive idealistic star-struck group falls who think that go out and voting for nader is going to accomplish something and all that would do is help get motion. Yeah, okay. Good luck, Corey. Yeah, that's the truth. The young people, the only ones that seem to be turned on this thing is just like with John Anderson, you know, something that's great to be idealistic, but you can't be politically naive all your life. Sooner later, you have to wake up and realize that your vote is supposed to mean something, not just make some kind of a goddamn statement. It doesn't make any statement at all when you're just screwing things up. Makes no statement. Oh, no, we're going to go out and vote for rouse nader because he's working on that co-vert fan vote and you know something the fan vote on my 60 co-vert never broke. I hate to break the news here Ralph. How come nobody brought up the thing about firestone? About the big business in the way that the government is allowing all this crap to go on. And about the ability finally passed after much pressure. See, if you're a member with the National Rifle Association with Philip Morrison, all the other tobacco companies and with the pharmaceutical companies that are waiving the public and you know this last life Bush made a comment about he doesn't want to see prices come down. That was great. Because he's in the pocket of the big pharmaceutical companies and like I said, our waiving not only senior citizens but everybody. I have to buy all kinds of prescription drugs. I got more guy than drugs you take the cart is got little pills. I can afford it but I'm not happy about it costs an arm in five legs. And of course if you have a pet and you go to your veterinarian, I told you about the 14 pills for my golden retriever, 63 bucks, 14 pills. That's over five bucks to pump. Almost five bucks to pump. Oh no you're wrong Neil it's all a research and a development. Whatever you say. Here's Fort Myers. Hello Neil. Yes sir. Well obviously you are right on 100% of course. How about everything going on here? The question is, what does it mean to you? Oh we got to say we have fake crap on our pool again now. Somebody's sticking with our pool. We do all of a sudden Bush just got like 60 votes in a row and now they're sticking with our pool. What is it with the media they are they afraid people are going to think they're a little minded? I mean how come to give this guy a pay off? I mean he is more on. It's no question about it anybody was going to objectively look at the debate last night and say it was even. It is just totally out of the wonderland. You know he's I don't know what it was last night or some other time that heard Bush stated his mother didn't think he could be in all of the presidential race or the government happened. Texas and my killing, she just didn't want to be embarrassed or him to be embarrassed. She knew what sees he's good to it but he's mediocre. That's dumb. And I'm just hoping you know you're not a fan of certain that well I've got it and joy there's scared. Oh the stuff they did this last we got into the children they saw the clips was the best. All of the stuff down this mad pity also was pretty good but I got a feeling that the priorities on there that's exciting I he's going to do. Did you see in the back around when Gorbache speaking at one point when he had just really put Bush down you know he was kind of teetering back and forth in the background to see Bush going back and forth. How like some kid in the principal office is about to get whipped. Watch that I'm not sure if they're not going to do that. Well almost every time Gorbache any comment about Bush's policy he got that look on it takes a really dumb how to look at his post. I mean it doesn't take a rocket scientist to understand how stupid he is you just have to look at his facial expressions and listen to his whimsical radiotica or marks and you know this is a moron. What have we got just a bunch of lemon in that group of the side of people? That's the perfect word. Then we're going to have to go down and dirty I don't know any other way to do it. Okay 50 bucks of votes. So we got the a poll screw out all now it's up to 1-16 look at that 50 votes are boger's at least 50 probably 60. It was 2-1 a grower's ahead and more than that and then all of a sudden we got the a cute the cute crowd out there screw enough our pool done work doesn't fool me I keep my I keep my thumb right on it baby it was like 86 to a 33 and all of a sudden now we got Bush's got 115 to 93 anybody believe in it oh so you can can that poll on their air because it's all over with it was overwhelming that the girl wanted to see they get on there with each other and emailing and they're touching around their screw and around with it oh yeah let's plant that thing isn't that a fool anybody because the people that are voting on his poll most of them have got to bring at least 93 of my wood 25 after 11 at 5-60 WQM sports radio 5-60s a half anybody have a heart or a liverï¿½ï¿½ì„œ where It's a lot of 30 at 5.50WQA. Here's the fact that we've played that right now from Arthur Anderson LLP or Lisa on our fancening machine. I'm going to last my ass off at all of you liberals on Wednesday November 8th when we all wake up in Bush Country where they were Republican Congress in Senate and he'll be losing in New York. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. It says. Did you get the count right? Yeah, I did. I mean, it's just you're going to get Arthur's count right. What does LLP mean? Legal linguistic prick extra long playing there. Yeah. Then here's the facts from my Daryl on Sarasota who says, thank God someone with reason. You. Oh God. Did you really notice Bush's eyes last time when he first came on. I thought sure he was on something. It looks as though he was OD on a paint killer. He ran, well, just like an alcoholic. They should have done a urine test on him like that. Good weed maybe it says. Bush is an idiot. I watched all three debates. The GOP, the Grand Oil Party said, well, he got through it. What a compliment. What happened to Bushwood win the White House and couldn't take the pressure of the job? Guess I was going to take care of it. For us to vote for an admitted alcohol, it could be present with countries and excusable. Then we have a vice president just waiting to have another heart attack. And that's the point that Paul the Gallo-Mexion is about the fact that the W.A. allowed Poppy to pick a big chaining. Of course, with his henchmen during the Bush senior administration. And he points out he says, pop quiz, which of these medical maladies has zittic chaining not had? One, a heart attack. Two, another heart attack. Three, a third heart attack. Four, open heart quadruple bypass surgery. Five cancer, G, G out, sick and allergic reaction to a pomegranate. They're nearly killed them. Or seven, the heartbreak of psoriasis. If you get the last one, you're the lucky winner. Ha ha ha ha ha. And that's of course before he goes in a little long, litany of white waltz or white wing boasts that he cashed in the congress. But that is really how we don't want to hear about that. We want to let him off his demonized track because we want to be real civilized. Right, you leave her mental. And a boy. Here's more of a game of solo. Neil, I'm glad you brought up that book by Paul the Gallo because yesterday you inspired me to go out and get this book. Good. And I've got to tell you something. I thought George Bush was just a sundering blockhead before I got this book. And now I not only think he's a sundering blockhead, but I think he is a sundering blockhead not a goose that's being fathomed. And I'm scared to death if this man gets a lesson. Yeah, acknowledge it as boots marching in the background. And it really frightens me. I mean, this man, the thing that he's done to the state of Texas and the thing that a come out of his mouth that he's said, how can anybody take a rookie this man and can he can seriously. Be a mean, scary. And what scares me how a lot of me too is in watching the talking heads after the debate last night. Interviewing these people who are undecided these people, particularly from the Midwest and George Bush, same like a nice guy. What you know, why that's not what you need in the White House. You don't need a nice guy who's going to take too much pressure and too much stress and sniff it up his mouth. And if too bad the big didn't have time when we're talking about capital punishment, I guess. Go really blew their attention to point out that they had executed mentally retarded people in the state of Texas. But even here in Florida with our love to execute people, his brother doesn't do that. We don't execute returning people in the state. But in the Texas state where they execute anybody, including people like you read in the book. People who had lawyers who were sleeping during the trial public defenders, right? And then they can't be bothered with that. No, not at all. Any other state in the country that automatically lifts you off the death penalty. And not in the state of Texas, they love putting the snuff in the mouth. Absolutely. And you know, it's amazing too. How much he's managed to screw up the state of Texas, considering like it says in the book that the governor in the state of Texas, barely has any power. Yeah. And I just read that nobody's got a lot of money to have plenty of power. That's worth absolutely. Absolutely. But this book is very well written, extremely funny. And I got to tell anybody out there listening, you've got to go out spend the 12 dollars on this book and really realize why this is the fishman stand for. And Kevin Mind as the title is our children learning is a direct quote from the board. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. And I'm going to say that the board is a very good question. No, no. That's all over here. I'll do it. Let's go to some other good question by the end of the day. Some of the pull for overnight. Here's a mobile and a game also. You know Neil, board keeps talking about certain things that he says are really important like Medicare, Social Security and Education, etc. But board keeps coming back with him that he had eight years to a correcty saying, why didn't he do it? What would you say the answer to that? What does the answer to it? First of all, when he took over, as he pointed out last night, Medicare, when he Democrats took over 93, Medicare was almost bankrupt. What did they do to correct it? What have they done to correct it? It's solve it now until 1926, whatever the hell you eat. He answered the question last night, if it was the end of the debate. Okay, secondly, try to do it. And what they try to do in the other areas, they were probably going to keep in mind about how the Republican school controlled Congress for the last four years, have admitted impossible. Gun control legislation, healthcare, you name it. Okay, well, pickup as the Republicans control it again, how poor are going to change anything. I don't need to be afraid. Be it me, that means all. So in other words, you're suggesting that we have a Republican president and a Republican Congress, that's what you want? Go on, cannot you don't even want to go on. Ask you a question. Is that what you want to Republican president and a Republican Congress? Yes, I do. And what's that kind of a complex? Whatever George Bush wants. Okay, great. There you go. Whatever George you want, George. You get sure I got news for him. Okay, you are the perfect Bushman. You are definitive, right there. That's called you and you're, I would say, your mentality, but lack of. I mean, sure, there is, you know, it's even even, even at 50, 50, both candidates suck, but the fact that somebody could articulate in such a gross task and pacetically, what you just did, it tells me everything I need to know. Whatever he wants, that's what we're going to get. And this is America. See, see, this is the problem. There's no IQ test for voting. There always bitching about the fact that not enough people vote. I think unfortunately, it's not the question of how many people vote. The wrong people vote. Like some of the people you saw in those focus, focus groups last night. Who are most of our bunch of liars anyway. All around the side is, one decided, and I thought, Groer was very impressive, I think I said before. He was very impressive and he had a specific in his facts. And on the issues he made a lot of sense. Oh, you got to vote for Groer. So no, I'm still leaning to Bush. Face that one. Yeah, right. That was definitive. That was perfect. Sir, for a million dollars, I couldn't have got a better Bushman than you. In fact, you ought to be the poster child for the Bush campaign. Whatever your view wants your gig. Which is what Paul, I'm going to get, but gamma rights about here in the book. In fact, it's almost a direct quote. It's failed in business. All of a sudden, he becomes headshot on a hot shot of the Texas Rangers. Tragedy Wixani. So, so, oh, he gets rewarded with a million dollars in stock. And no cost to him. And winds up with $14.9 million dollars for his measly investment. Everything he's done in his life has been a failure. And he's got rewarded for it. Then, then, to be Governor of Texas. And then, to be a Republican candidate for president. He's been a failure, and I've done their head. And he just keeps getting handed to him. Because greater powers than us had decided he's going to be president. And if you don't believe me, just turn on CNBC any day between now and the election. And, including today, if you believe that little people, like us, are manipulating what's happening on Wall Street. And all these talking, and then, about, about the thing I was talking about, forget about it. Forget about it. There hasn't been anything. In fact, the statistics that have been coming out, it's like the CPI. It was a good number. Is it, is it, is the market going up? No. No. It's not like it was before. But it's still in the crap we're again. We still got a, we're four and a half hours to go today. Because God forbid that the market should be really great. The economy should be singing along the way. It has been for the last few years here. Right at a lesson time. That's not good for the powers that be. For the big business people who manipulate the strings. And if you don't believe that, boy, you're done right now. Thought you're. 21 before noon at 5. 60 W to Q and noon. No. No. Just not sliding in your open tight. Right not slip up your bungalow. Go to the old, which you'd hatch. Your as young and so wide. If you came up, you'd catch a wrong. Welcome. And for those young boys, they invaded you. Of sick kids that they wanted to lay. All those who were ached. You will lie. It felt great. Your 15 minutes is up. Go away. A survival with game. 144. Five six. The perfect lead into this thanks from allegedly build parker in Miami. You never know because half the 10 they make the names up. And I would if I wrote this thanks, especially when we get to the last sentence. Tonight on Crossfire on the left. Goar supporters on the right. Goar supporters. Goar supporters. He lists trial orders. Hollywood. The music industry and gay and lesbian alliances. On the right. Goar supporters. Big debacle. Throughout companies. The NRA. And faith-based organizations. To work with a different T.A. The liberals compromise the value of a American. Teach you that you can't commit crime and not have to pay a price. The liberals market violence to children. The liberals publish and target fleets to kids. The liberals talk to a homosexuality and lesbian as it is okay. And it's the natural thing. Okay. A abortion and the supreme are no longer made to issues. The supreme is our major issue. Yeah, did you hear what they were? On the floor. They're no longer made to issues. And the liberals can't stand. They need issues like this to fan the flames and scare Americans. The choices clear. Bush for a better America. And then build parker in Miami. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. And then build a parker. But we still have to come up with some kind of desperate reason to find out why they're bad. We got that blowjob. And that's where he got blowjob. That's bad. Unlike Nixon, and it's time he's girlfriend. And I was Eisenhower, and he's a mistress. And I was like all the other ones. Shut up. And then the Kennedy's too. He was bad. He said it was good. Here's tempered pine, hello. Are you doing me? Okay. Watch the all three debates. And it's funny. Go on one first debate. And somehow public opinion can go towards Bush. Well, although they said they said the girl under the debate, but then for some reason that Bush just are getting in the pool. And they had a thing on CNN last night where they say they said this instant pool. It said that a go to one of the debates. Bush was more believable and more likable and gorex, but himself more clearly. And the only thing that I can think of is that people are not voting on issues. They've got their heads in the sand and their blinds of the issues. And for some reason, it looks to me like this. It's just, if there's no direct explanation, the economy is good. If you look at the way things are, of course, it should be a human. The economy is good. We've had a great eight years. The bulk of the great job in Crosseville. Exactly. And you went there personally in the Middle East. They were never going to be peace. At least they got some kind of a temporary agreement to do not voting. He said his brains are quite so much now. We have generally peace around the world compared to what it usually is. What the hell is it that these people want? Even Clinton in the Middle East, I think he's doing the best he can and he's got to get on the Bush tax cut. Most of these poor slobs out there. The 60 cents today is what they're really doing for. I don't know what it is, but there's just, I wish I could see that. I wish I could get it, get it, figure it out because Gore just comes with him. I bet you're only thinking that I can explain is that the way he comes across, there's something about it and Bush has got this kind of, I don't know, he's, I think it's Moronic, but some people seem to like the way he comes across and it's important. I'm a print speaking going to God, you know, and I don't know. It just doesn't make sense to me, but. If pretty disheartening to say the best. All right, have a good one. Okay, I know the best. I want you to want to say to come out. All you kids out there, hide under the bed, relax and all and the book you man goes away. That's our new poll question is it worth voting in this year's election? Yes or no? Get rid of this by the thing because we got 350 bogus of Bush votes on there. We're not paying any attention to what's going to say, say the energy. Save your finger to stick up your back film because we're not paying any attention to it. Is it worth voting in this year's election? Yes or no? Otherwise, you'd point out ahead of time that the Bush people would like to have you stay home. They'd like to have a real small turnout because anytime there's a small turnout it's good for these people. When there's a big turnout it always tends to be good for those kind of people liberal or democratic Jew fangs. Us. Yeah, building Miami says, you can't be an atheist. It's an oxy moron. Who's the moron bill? If I had a dollar for every Jew is a Jew with atheist, I would have to be sitting here right now. Here's what mine is, you know? Neil? Yes sir. A couple things I like to mention. You brought up the healthcare thing earlier or the drugs. They always say the drug company has to make all this money because they had to all this research. Well, the fact of the matter is, seeing NIH and National Institute of Health, they don't have all the energy and energy. Our tax money that pays for that. They pick up on that. Right. And then they go run with it. By the way, you take a look at the healthcare fund. A Van Gogh healthcare and the other fund. Market has been banking like a pig this year. The healthcare fund are all up. Are you like that? Oh yeah. I think Van Gogh is over like I'll close the 50% out. Now you're telling me. Now why do you suppose, yeah, if we had did in the healthcare, we'd be making money. That's the point. They're making money. They always make money. They're making a much too much money. I always want to have the best interest to get in motion. They're peeing in their pants. They're going back. And as soon as it's in, it's in, remember this. As soon as Gork came out, the president actually came out first with the idea to have healthcare for whether drugs for Medicare. That's, as soon as that happens, as you notice, he adds a command. The Marion Louise and I'll go. Okay, that's where the money goes for the ad. Because they're definitely, if it's the only time healthcare fund, and the drug fund is when Clinton came out with his healthcare plan. That's why they hate Hillary. They hate Hillary with the passion because she was going to get him. Well, they better get used to her because she's going to win. I mean, I know people, I'm not that crazy about her myself, but she's going to win because Gork is about 25, 30 points ahead in New York State, and she's going to win. Yeah, anything that this does to your gun. You know, allows you to buddy with some delay. And the new finger. Okay, I have a great day, though. Okay, I think that Bunk's thought buddy's never going to hurt me. Maybe they're hanging out with that to Jim Dobbson's buddy. That's probably a truck guy. Honey, I like that, huh? You can't say anybody missed the beginning of the show. Hopefully you're keeping you okay. I agree with you. Mike Trout, see, here we go again, as far as this so called, and what did that, that's you in the waste basket. Face, face, whatever that was. Crack is what you're talking about. Bill Parker. You wouldn't know Bill Parker from Howard Parker. From Jack Parker, Jr. Mike Trout, the longtime co-host on Focus on the family, President James Dobbson, popular radio program said Monday. He has had an inappropriate relationship with a woman other than his wife, and had no choice but to resign from the ministry that stresses the sanctity of marriage. All these goodly two shoes, phony below and Bob Living Sense, Frick and Henry and his hide, Dan Burke, not there in Indiana. Every freak is one of them. All the finger pointers, they've had their finger up, somebody's back there. It wasn't necessarily their own. Who are you, people kidding? Jim and Tammy face. And we had Jimmy Swagger. Well, I should be surprised that George W. and his backers are able to pull a roll over so many millions of American guys. When you got all these religious fakers coming on here, and then they make a big comeback. Once they get forgiven, they're more popular than the one in the first place. Oh, yes, the fallen center, he's a, he's a patent. Who would I hell are you, Schmidt and man? God, you can smell it. Right through the TV screen. Oh, and Tammy face, he's big with a gay community now. Oh, great. I'm really impressed. Oh, wow. They like her mascara, the jealous. Four minutes till noon at 5.50 WQA. Forty-three, 25-50 WQA, M-E-M-E-M-D-L, a reasonably broadcast group stage, SWQA-M-D-Cum, or the work. Fifteen more, I'll be more in mind. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. This ain't a song about a half-week couple. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We got very, very wide-sweighed double. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Five seconds to each side of the pitch, push, push, push, stomach, soothed, body, belly, cover, soothed, push. If my wife, I don't see that girl, she got lost in that side of the gun. If she's definitely I won't survive. If my wife, when she sits around the house, she, really sits around the house, you see. If she sits on the house, you'll survive. If my wife, when she sits around the house, she'll survive. From over to at five, 60 WQA, I'm what we got on the agenda today. We got Hank at two in the studio. Vogue Chamey at Tix of Clark tonight, deformally grow testing, gigantic, and much slimmer boom Chamey. We have nine-thirty, oh, the panthers in the coyotes tonight, nine-thirty. We finally got a hockey game, almost forgot about them. I schedule Gary Betman. And then after the game, it's the ESPN radio cause and capital, and it's saying about that way. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, on the 18th, and realize the marvelous line. Our new pool is at work voting, and it's here's presidential. We're seeing that 37 votes already. 30 said, and seven said, oh, no. Here's plantation, hello. Hey, Neil, I didn't want to say anything. Okay. If you like the cow, it's spooky. Gotta get Molly, I've been the book on the bush. About how he is in the pocket of big business. You'll love that book. What's the name of it? I don't know the name of it, but it's five Molly, I've been in the ICA and there's a book. Okay. I'm hiring another reporter from there. Both from Austin, they wrote this book about how we noticed when he answered the question, what he was for when he ran on the first thing he said was for a report. Now, for a former than another acting moron, or acting moron, according to the Parker, for I'm in the pocket of big business. For the powerful, or going to, you know, limit access to the court, limit access to information. In fact, or in hatch, the Leo 11 or in hatch, there was just a bill about firestone introduced to all companies to be able to go into a central bank and a half to give information and care information so that the channel public, the little people have right to it. And it was blocked by Warren, the Leo, and. Additionally, there's another bill regarding the doctors and it should be a national database for medical malpractice. It was blocked by the Republican. If the reason it blocked is because the insurance companies don't want that little people to get the information, the little people are. So if big business, and also they have the seminars, these white wing seminars for judges, that the judges can go for five thousand dollars, they rubbish them with all kinds of interesting stuff. You know, I'm and what they have is speakers like stops and all these other people. They provide them with billpuffles and the boots and. And you know, and they, and hunting the hunting equipment and everything else. And that's what that's what Bush is for. So he's. He's, he if you read that Molly, I've been book and the one last thing, they had a special one on fun on the other day about. Because the half core and Bush will grow up. They had bushes, cronies from Yale on his actual people. He was with. They said Bush was a 10 to John Bolushi animal house. That was his character. Yes, he was blue. Part of me. That was a dad's from. Yeah, maybe that's why dad keeps the people all the time. Yeah, but he's definitely in the pocket of all the. He's for the few and and for gay people. So I'm going to let the people versus the power from for the people. That's absolutely nonsense. The breed Molly Ivan's book. Okay, thanks. Thanks. Jim High Tower. Texas populist and former agricultural commissioner said about. Push. Oh, no, I see you said this about somebody else puts the Paul of Yellow City. The about Bush. If ignorance is bliss, he's the happiest man in America. How do you like that? Let me say it again. This is a big yellow coming on Bush. If ignorance is bliss, he's the happiest man in America. But Bush's ignorance isn't funny. It could be enormously destabilizing. He has no idea who has their finger on the nuclear buttons and emerging nuclear powers. He has a post-sensible arms control treaties like the comprehensive test band treaty. While supporting risky unilateral reductions in our own arms without demanding corresponding cuts from our adversaries. All because he's still believed in the Star Wars fantasy, that so far as only succeeded in destroying the budget. In the last analysis, you can ask yourself, can we really afford a present who thinks the G8 is one of the coordinates in battleship? There you go. And it goes on and on. Of course, as I said, if you really understand it and really have it open mind, you'll read some of this stuff. And you'll say, oh, I don't think so. Not for me. And if you have a close mind and pretend to be on the fence, and you'll really just have Bush liquor, well, go ahead. Look how they can. Give me your looks. Thanks, Scott. There you go. Scott's a prominent. He's playing golf in Las Vegas on the social media. But anyway, I listen. Nobody's perfect. I hope everything's okay. Everything all right? I'll let's go. Good. Great. Everything's great. He's great. So, at 90 City Sales brings a beautiful lunch here today, and now get out of here, Scott. Okay, where we going, let's go to, let's go to sunrise, hello. Any other idea? Okay. I'm listening to a lot of the calls that came in today. And if you notice, 90% of people that call you for Gore. They are? Well, I don't think so. We have almost nobody for Gore. We have maybe two or three Gore people. The Bush people. No, I don't. Everybody's called it about the, the bases in a Bushman. Maybe three or four of the opposite. Maybe other not. But this much may not happen. I watched the debate last night. And my brother and I were speaking, and we noticed every time that Gore started to get into it, he showed a bush for what he really was. Yeah. And we said, let's make a bet. Let's see if the polls are going to reflect what's really happening. Or if the so-called town hall thing when they have wolflets or they're out. Question right. I'm going to reflect what is actually happening. And if I noticed in this debate and the debate before that, that it doesn't seem to reflect what really happened. No. So, while the people and more in Michigan though, I was unanimously already their hands and today thought to go under debate. The ones that were with the wolf for Bush Creek. And then these immediate polls show otherwise. No, I'll show what they showed the one on CDS said the girl under the debate 45 to 40. I mean, it was a lot closer than it should have been, but they said, Gore won the debate. Right. Okay. But it's in the polls Bush is still eating. Yeah, but that was there are no polls that I've seen that were taken after the debate. I thought the amount poll that shows that. No, no, that was after the debate. He was 3.744. That was before last night. And I heard something. Yeah, I'm going to tell you seriously. This is so close. I mean, it's not just a cliche, but this election is so close. You couldn't put a curly hair in between the two of them. So I'm quite scared to be honest with you. I mean, I heard a couple of colors. They that, but people don't really realize how scary this really is. You know, because if he comes in, you might as well jump ship. If he comes in, some of us are going out. You know, exactly. I'll see you at the airport. Bye bye. And the matter where we go to the airport, make sure they got some magazines and some food and crap, no matter what time it data. See, you folks have been so brainwashed in this town. You're willing to accept mediocrity in anything. You newspaper sucks, your airport sucks, your politicians sucks. At least they're consistent. It's mind modeling. Oh, no, you're wrong, Neil. This is a world of class city. Yeah. Give me a break. And of course, thank God, but got mayor Pingo Picanning. They're just straight enough this camel of the airport. I just love those letters to the editor, one's like that. When the fact of the matter is that he was the one that put all those cronies in there to screw up the airport. Oh, but now he's having this investigation. He's going to straighten it all out. Just like the cops are having that internal investigation about that a prostitution ring down there in candle and high, a failure. Oh, yeah. They're looking into it. They're looking deep into it. I'm a Neil Roger show. Sports radio, 560. A half. That's my poor son. You ever get that? Not so straight feeling. Last we know when we're tired of that endless procession of bays coming back to your apartment after another the club's looking for nothing but sex. Well, I have often wondered what would be like to wake up next to a big strapping hearing man. That amounts to a fate of, you know, boy, you too? No, from the makers of OB-Campend. It's our boy's apologitories. Neil boy's apologitory? How about help? Use your imagination, Jimmy. It's a self-expanding apologitory. David, you should be a boy and sure to leave me with your fears. Wow. So if I, as a guy, then after time, I'll be ready to jump into without fear of exactly a boy from the makers of OB. Okay, 1214 at 560 WC. The name of that book by Molly Ivins about George W. Is Shubb. Or is it Shubb? Or Shubb. That'd be Shubb. What's our total for a parent at so far? 27,780, not bad. How do you think I'm considering our late star of Jesus? Bad birthday didn't go out for that, didn't go out. Not got it. Why not? That's the to do what I hear, yes. You know, it's a pretty big thing. Oh, but he lunch? That's all we're doing right now. Thanks, Scott. And of course you can go to one of your Rogers.com and WCOM.com. I hear that's why they didn't tell us before when they were going out with a QM fan that they really were going because they're not going. Or you can call the Gels extension. You see around the ears, it's just good. The nephew in there, or by himself. 305, 65 or 0.36. And you can order to be a CD's cassette and keychains either off the website or by phone. Oh, you go to the specs and get the CD's and cassette. Got it? Here's Molly Springs, so. Hello. Yes sir. I'm a person called or long time listener. All right. I get aggravated every time I hear these people calling it up Social Security and it's not market. And if they want to get 2% of their money and they do better in the stock market, people will realize and I wish somebody to break it up. It's an insurance policy. It's not investment. No, there's a grown machine at last night. Did he? Yes. Got him watch a last night. And also, I'd like to have these thing people who want to invest. They're supposed to be creating stock market. What way do we turn to get on their insurance policies? Like their life insurance, health insurance, and they'll find nothing. Because and why don't they take the life insurance policies in the best of a stock market? But they won't do that. But they want the reason I want you know what's going on? This whole concept that taking you retirement when it would be like you've pushed him on and said, I want you to take, we're going to get you back all your retirement money. We're much of a lot of vagus. Have a retirement. We hope you make more than 2% and if not, you're out of money. Yeah. You deal with scary meal. When is this country? And we have a word about a problem in the May 30 years from now. Never. We can't solve the problem today. The other sudden they want to solve a supposed Social Security problem. They'll go to the years from now. You know what? We've been in the meantime. Thanks for Clinton and Gordon. They've got to wrap up with the next 30 years. I've got to have him in the way about running out of it. And nobody has ever missed the Social Security check. No, I said like they ever will because it's politically incorrect that will ever happen. So what are they talking about? Like you said. But you know, you know, a scarier. It'll be iron. They're a disconvasion. The K to win a fit hook. Yeah. In Wall Street. Now they can turn about our best of choice. You can hear a margin down to the middle. And they hear one more thing. My all in work is called Shrap. That's HRUB. Right. The smart. The short. But happy wife of George W. Bush. Okay. That's a whole name. I'm getting it today. Okay. Thank you. And he's so short about George's ever. Sure. Oh, he's a little guy. I kind of want to go see five six seven five six. We're five six. We're five six. We're five six. We're five six. We're five six. We're five six. We're twenty eight people. If I was reporting on our poll. I'm reported yet. Only six people. No. No way Jose. Sixteen people. See. Outside again. Young people. We can't be bothered. We like rough made. Anyway. He's our man. We want to be. We want to be like mom and dad. We want to be different. Yeah. We want to waste our vote. We want to show you how. What a bunch of smart Alex. We are. Here's number. I'll give you a little bit of a question. I just want to know. I want to get that number. First of all, I want to thank George for that. Wonderful. He's on Monday. God bless him. Finally. Another thing is. Great job, Monday. George. Well, nothing I want to put to put on that. Fabulous. That's Felix. That's Felix. He was talking about character. And. Left. We want to go. You would talk about having special gift. Whatever. How about the fisherman as a gift. Yeah. I'll tell you what. Even, even, we caught the blame and no. That go once the one that be dangerous. Yeah. Anybody who says otherwise? You don't want to know it. Okay, I'm going to go. Okay, yeah. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Royce, as well as on. Actually, the way show yesterday, George. Yeah. Here's a lady in North Miami, huh? Well, yes, man. Right. This is my couple points. I want to respect throughout the mentally-changed people here in America. I'm looking at Bush and, I mean, the reason I think the water people are... I'm looking at the American, yes, exactly. Yeah. I didn't identify with him because they're as big as they are and more than he is. So they figure, hey, it's more like that, it's a month for president. I'm with him. That's what I can think about it. And then, the reason for chipping is an ex-archa-holic. Right. You better think about it. Why haven't you said that a thousand times, yes? Well, I've got a lot of people don't understand that. Well, why hasn't you got the water stand? No, we got up now. They don't want to know. They don't want to know. These are the same people that were so upset because, but I said that he wants to try marijuana, but didn't want to hear you. He had to make that line up the pacified them. But these people don't care that the mandatory supporting is an alcoholic. Exactly. And has the authority to do a problem? Yeah, when he goes and goes for his secretary, we are rolling good couple. Right. That's all. Okay. Thank you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8, 0, 6, We can't 5, 6, 6, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's something that really makes me sick of my stomach as a Jewish U.A.P. Now, what was the name of that officer? They used to do a bunch of that winters out through the river. That incident that's facts about how they're going to be doing. I'll go ahead and listen. Officer Anderson LLP, peace landing for PIC. Yeah. Anyway, whereby six designation from city, here's a article in the Herald by a Reca Burstide. And she says, a Herald built to rabbi has asked the city of Hollywood to designate part of Hollywood and Arab. A designation that either some of the restrictions Orthodox Jews adhere to on the Sabbath. Oh, hey. This is really important for Israel. It's really important for the development of the Jewish communities at rabbi, Leibord Miller, and Richard was elected for NCI-Tinnable Services. From sundown Friday and so sundown Saturday, the devout are prohibited from 39 activities, including driving and using electricity. They're also forbidden from carrying any object between private domain of one's home and the public domain. Their restriction can be eavesdropped or set of a rabbi identifies an era of alarm economy. It means mothers can carry children to fight in their services, or post them in stores. People can use real chairs and cames. Men can carry prayer shawls, prayer books on a house key, or a house key when they leave their home. This is the thing when I read this, I made my board cuddle. Hollywood already has one era of established 1985 along the Emerald Hills neighborhood near the synagogue's unstealing road. Your era would include the sudden part of the city and the beach, nor was it eventually it'll be part of a wider era of encompassing part to the adventurer hell near Beach. And before they get done, all of a sudden, four of them! That would be you, don't you think? To just start one of those. I think it's really the line since you brought me my freedom from religion free thought today, from September 2000. On a front page, a direct quote from John F. Kennedy, who said, I believe in an America where the separation of church and state of absolute. Where no religious body, she used to impose it to low directly or indirectly upon a general populist, or every man has the same way to attend or not attend the church of his church. There is, I should cut that up. There is one of the great statements in the history of this country, by a man who was elected and spread the fact that he was Catholic, because he said, he would be taking orders from the Pope, a silly old man and a silly old dress. I take back all the choices of the things that I was said about it. The other thing you said about anything about it about, can't lose because you're a professional Cuban, and you're still holding that hostility about the Bay of Pays, which will point you for the crap and a man-tice of mine. I believe in an America where the separation of church and state is absolute, said, JFK, where no religious body seeks to impose its will directly or indirectly upon a general populist, or every man has got the same way to a better not attend the church of his church. And when George W. got him to go along, good with your man Kennedy, huh? He could have supplied him with all his moonshine. That's when we need ourselves to provide a night moonshine. Let's get him in here with Ellie Gray. What are you saying? Oh, no. And they want to err of the defector they've already designated one to me. I find growth test and nauseating. And again, we are forces by feeling about Orthodox Jews. So you can come here for official Jewelry, you want the defectors that have consistently said, you can't find anyone. We're more phonetical, more unachceptable than the Orthodox Jews. They make me nauseous. And the fact that they make their kids run about what they've been using on their head, the same folks are the ones who discriminated about the pig triangles and the early of the tattoos. Well, so why do you want to force your kids to run around with this identifying mark on their head, making them look like some kind of a freak so the kids can laugh at them. But they've been going to hell. I haven't a guy didn't think on your forehead. Oh, I'm a Jew, I'm a Jew, like your leaderman. Yeah, I would start to do some riddle of a living in on this way, real Jews. Nothing's make believe for abitions Jews, or just everybody's better than for abition grimm. Which goes to show you, like I've always said, religion is the root of all evil, all a, w, r, all evil. Here's a call from the walkie, hello. Yeah, all right, okay, sir. I've heard a lot of talk about the big insurance company, do everything and set any political views I have beside. I work for insurance company, a big insurance company. Yeah. And especially is to the 50 lives of a small group market. And I know a little bit about this, and I just want to kind of set the record straight, and I think that's what I've made about one. But I hate the drug companies. They're killing officers of the business, in the business bank. But they don't spend more on marketing than they do on research. That's just, that's an out loud untruth line by Gore. All right, that's correct. And I've got plenty of facts to back to. I know, I don't have to back it up, somebody's newspaper this morning said to another one, he just, he can't help himself. He can't blow it up this crap. All right. And I think about taxes. But the fact is that the pharmaceutical companies are the fourth largest contributor to Bush's campaign. Oh, there's no doubt about that. Didn't know doubt about that. It took business. Yeah. But something about taxes. And that is probably our biggest market. And it is not legislatively for us, regulation wise. It is not an easy market to do business in. They're incredibly difficult on us. They mandate a lot of coverage is that other states. But you can be sure that's not because of him. A lot has happened in the last few years since he went into office. And it's just getting tougher and tougher and there, they're coverage of children. Either the, you mentioned last night about their patients bill of rights. That's incredibly difficult. And we're not in HML. Is that why they're 49th in the healthcare for children in 50th in HML? In taxing. Part of the problem there is the common border with Mexico. Because all the kids that come right over the border. We spent so much money on covering the kids down there, five more than any other state. I have a solution to why taxes are number one in execution. Is it number one in your position because the Mexicans are bringing the crime in the pollution across the border? I don't know about that. I don't know. What the taxing is in the case for every major problem that they have in the state. And why they're a daily in the dollar sure and almost every category. Yeah, but you can spend the numbers about any state. I mean, you can find plenty of problems. No, you can't find it. That's not spending a number to say that you're 49th in 50th in the healthcare. That's not spending a number. That's a fact. I'd love to see what was on the previous administration that that communist and Richards. Oh, that communist and did you hear that? We finally say I love it. When you leave these people on long enough, you finally get it. Of course, he was from Milwaukee. So I have another one. That communist and Richards. Oh, my God. Punish this afternoon at five, 60WQM. I'm not going to take a picture, anything. This is a story of a girl who's not a lover. I'm a Nicole. She's a jackpot. She's got a jackpot. Get it all. Why is Bobby's right? She has no. It's what she was waiting for. And now she is nowhere to be. Before Modi came from the West. fÃ¶redgresden. And she came from the West. And she came came out from the West in February. So, 33 or 56, the WQA and 27,784 are fundraising this year for playing parenthood itself, each South Palm Beach and Brown County. I see these in cassette. All those spec stores all over town, they, Brown Beach, Naples, Fort Biers. Go pick up 20 and 30 in the day. And you get the key chains by rodering you to buy the phone, 3, 5, 6, 20, 5, 6, 5, or 15, 6, 30, 5, 6, 5, or 15, 6, or on the internet, WQA and the camiowagers.com. How about Pearl coming? You're on so glad you're last. Is it worth voting in this year's election? 100, 50 once said yes, only 22 said no. And the 22 who said no, I'm glad they said no. In fact, many of the people are called, they say this last guy, any woman, any female, themaccharide. Next thing, Rodgers and Richard's communist. I love those people. There's right wing of the politics. Look, that cause all the way from the Rocky, he must have the fat on issue confused. He's not that on that other show, the one that's liberal show. Carl, I asked up here, I'm hearing your crap about the communist and the truth. You're crazy, person. You're a lunatic. So much of a guy damn bad. She's feeling the Rocky. That's what happened to Jeffrey Downer. I'll see you talking about fags again. Here's how and there, huh? Oh, yeah, I'm wishing it all a little bit, I'm not going to let you in the one I'm going to shave something. You're not voting for either one of what is that mean? Well, that means that I think both of them are the biggest liars on the face of yours. I think our goal is a bigger liar than Bush. And, Marrio Como, I think you're a couple of Mario, what? You know, Mario, two more, or a couple of people. Yeah, he was on the other side. I don't know. But every game you wanted that. Yeah, I sure. Yeah, well, he was still about the top five percent who were a posh, but like, and the other hundred and thirty-five million here, who don't know what you're talking about. He was a great posh, but he was telling them the truth too. Now, the average wage when Bill Clinton came in, Norfolk was $12.50 an hour. That was eight years ago. It's now $13.80 an hour. Yeah. That's the bottom line, sir. You had, well, let me answer something. Well, let me answer something. Well, let me answer something. Well, let me answer something. You answer. I'm going to leave him in a waste of my time asking who is the better. He consistently opposes the increase in the number of rage. Screaming is the, and you know something, whatever you're making it too much. It far outstiff you like, too. I have to talk to him when you've put about a minute and a half. It's obvious to me that if you're not scraping by, because we're going to pre-damned well here, you're just scraping by, not making a fortune, but he's doing better than he was eight years ago. Yeah. I'm doing a little bit better than I was eight years ago. I would be doing a lot better, so I've been chrish, could choose not my money, but other than that, I'm still doing okay. But just keep making enough as you go along, pal. Just keep making enough. And that's not what Mario has come of, so because I saw with my own two wives, and heard of nine four years, so I'll see you in your pile of garbage. And which is, got more intelligence in the last knuckle of run finger than deputy who's got the entire pathetic body. That can't be a stand with her. Yeah. Here's Boker, hello. Yeah, Hork. Hork. Hork? Hork? Hork, Hork. Okay. Will. You're good, Bruce. First guy's got 14 pounds of elephant dummy, there's nothing he takes me over, I can ask the phone. There's this, there's this. So, and this is great. Yeah, I love it. You want to know why you know this, and just like the pearl, we took that they felt compelled to screw around with even though the village's here and he's gone. This, this can be smack to their exploration. And so we're getting indicted here today, with a bunch of these bush workers, an A, E, 21 and a number and more obnoxious and more ridiculous. And the previous one, there should be a good almond of rest of us because it shows they just had desperate you are. And, you know, and I don't want to sound too paranoid about sure what strange timing about that mysterious plane crash of Governor Carnahan in Missouri. The 94 of the debate and what, just on the heels of the election, the Senate election there, the 21% and with like within a point, a Senator John Ashcroft and now is obviously going to win because he's running against the dead man because it's clipped to the close to Washington, they can't take a current in the month of ballot. I don't want to sound, you know, conspiratorial. I wouldn't do that. I mean, you just like Kennedy, you know, if he wouldn't have just back his head under those bricks, there's a mother on Hollywood, hello. Yeah, me, yes sir. Listen, you're saying a lot goes never say never, so I find myself four years and all that I'll never see a double politician in Vancouver, but after I said, correct, I truly do. He's very frighteningly done. I mean, it's a unbelievable, listen, can I get off the arm? Yeah, the very perfect. Any thing you like sure, this is America, baby, ways are you one? As long as I like it. And that's enough, I know it's as little, but if you see 16 minutes back on Sunday? No. Okay, there's a lot of out there add on, my closet interviewing the head nurse, I got a package stand and I swear you asked you said this, he says, I want to thank all the public officers in Miami for elaborating our status as a financial republic that suddenly gone grave, he says, I want to say, I'm like certain faces in the world, we are not a financial republic and I almost felt my chair. We said that before in the Miami, I'm pretty sure he was referring to us down here, but it's been, you know, my father said you were two, but the government and now you are not democratic, he said, well, sir, we are in a way democratic, unlike a certain binary puppet that is that exist somewhere off in the world. And that was two, we all for who I said, very bad again, it's obviously the two of me. All you had to was look after the business man. And there's a parallel way, I know if our kids are coming up as after they're going to explain to them, he's got me that big new house, but I'll read a short funny kind of guy, he says he took it off, father and stuff and I said, I'll get that off, but I'm not in that percent sure, and you can actually do it because I believe he said, well, he's a little bit of a tiny cat when Kevin Owen said he came from the ass, and what he's hunting down, he said, go to a business man, but I have not bill Murray though, he's not, where in the way, listen to it, not bill Murray, but oh, he's a little guy kind of funny looking. No, that's not that Murray. Okay, well, I'll be sure he can actually move to the other side because we're going to get him quick, man, as they're show, the find out where we're up there, that's a setting up the ass, show this again. Oh, he's a little guy kind of funny looking. Okay, I come down, let's enjoy on, one thing you are, I call the F4MIA November 8, the first flight leading out is Sam's to down, and it's not going to fight number 66, I'm out of here. Okay. So we're doing themselves, we're right at the end. I mean, I ought to know right. It sounded like Arthur Murray, I mean, Catherine Murray to me. Come on, when it was a January, maybe it was Murray to kill you. Think it was Murray to kill you. Might have been asked if I'd book a buy and open it. 21, 21, 25, 60, W. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 5, 60, and two, hey, hey. It's the side, Nick, the Hudson, whatever the heck it is, and the people are Korean, they're just like them like that they were only, what's the reason they're high and they're, I'm being as terrible. But Neil has been up and looked at listening to 6,000 and I'm here. No, some Washington, number 1, 1 group, featuring Honor Cook, Jack Jamahan, and sitting in for a pet weekend. New York Giant Cheeky Barber. No, here's John Lockelin. He's Cheek Lone, George W. Rings of Walt. Oh, no, Clint. Well, Dylan, I'm not the same. Oh, Jack Jamahan. Well, that's not a movie, sure. Oh, Cheeky Barber. I'm gonna have to say the book. Wrong. Actual answer. Law exercise. That was a new one of two. Next issue. Algo. Favorite Broadway show. Bring in the noise, bring in the funk of cash. Oh, Lord, I think it's well enough. Well, Jack, let me say it. Wrong. Jacky Jacky Big come on. That's a very difficult choice. Wrong. Tiki Barber. I'm gonna have to say, right. Not a choice. We teach you, Marda. You gave it to Lesta and I wasn't a choice. Oh, correctly, Tom. Tax. He loves them. Next issue. The cast for Big Brothers should be murdered. How? How? How? You're a thief. Wrong. Jacky Barber. I don't think they should be cheap. Wrong. Actual answer. Boys and Turing. Five. Five. Wage. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. See, there's a likable fascist. Is it every he's funny? He's a real Nazi, but he's funny. He's probably this fascism, and we're entertainment now. John McRogton. This issue. Here I'm during this one of the party too. Five, six, seven, five, six. The pawn five, six. The only a do my grandson, my name is the right master, Gary. He was still one and Verizon and a sonner. Six plantation. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. I'm an art professor. I believe there's definitely one in the election. The election. I mean, the election over the time. Yeah, I'm there. Let me take the bait. I'm a man. But he also, you know, it isn't important if everybody's going to be a police officer. Now, he's far as the fact that Milwaukee insurance agent brought up about the Texas patient's Bureau of Rights, back when in Iraq, without George Bush's signature. Well, then, generally, he said at the end, I mean, there was no credibility. The anything that he said when he came up with that line about that communist end, which is, I mean, what would you believe anything that man? Yeah, definitely, you know, he's not in favor of patients so effectively. He does not sign in law in his own state. He left it there. He went into law with the obvious signature. And, you know, and I thought there was the end when he was raising his right hand, as I mean, he was taking those shadows. That might be it. He had to, you know, that one hand that he's got re-standing in front of that picture of the pictures of a boy scout. Yeah, I mean, it's a little bit less of there. Yeah, a little bit less of there. Yeah, a little bit more. Yeah, okay. Sometimes I think he has a problem with asses at the end of words, like, interest. Yeah, well, don't forget there's two asses in answer. So, we've got to get with it. Have a great night, Tom. Okay. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T, and that that, which is a comment. Next thing, it also been married 10 turner after he ditches an oil chain. I don't know if you're going to get some guests together. What do you want to do to show? There's a British trial out of a commission in your women's body. Or you go over like, how about that? What's your name here? I'm sorry, why don't you have a lot in the hallway? It's usually out of screaming and I don't go in on that anyway. Here's QS, hello. Hello. Yes, sir? What is the, what can I get to book, is that children learning? Probably in a bookstores, sir. You know, like, friends in the neighborhood, borders and one verse. Any bookstores? 560, 705, you could maybe give them a list. Why do you got bad shoes? What, out of the book? 560, 705, 60, pound 560, on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless One. If you're under the AT&T, we would be glad to see. If you're only a hundred, no way, you're Jose. Do not call, do not pass, go, do not pass, go. Get out of my life, stay out of my way. And don't build an air over my neighborhood, okay? I mean, what are you crazy? Or could I actually do a talk in a book, but have a special designation and I already have one about Emerald Hills because it's mostly Jews. And even only whoever wrote this article, I wrote a bookstead, doesn't know anything about the separation of church and state. Because there's nothing in it that is not even a vague reference to that in here. For all the Jewish families who observe the tenets of the Sabbath with precision, it's an important concept that dates back to ancient times. Too bad, if you want to observe by ancient times, then go to Israel. Go over there with all those fubbitions. We'll be there with all those outfits that they weren't. Locking back and forth. And you noticed that you're one thing to discover, which I'm sure you didn't have any of this comment. There's many of these. It's really Jews now talking about how embarrassed they are by the actions of their own people. Have you seen that on the news? Yes, that's very. And what's there? This is now what being Jewish, a lot. And it's for a bit of the rule of the text where their policies and their schmatters are. This isn't what we believe in and what we're all about. But we're really split into four people with that and killing a Palestinian children isn't making us feel any better about life? Yes. Yes. We did just cut them. So you see, if you want to be one of those people, Rabbi, whatever your name is, and the work, then go over there. This plane driven LL has got planes good security too. Plains leave it every hour in the hour. The pack of swamics sandwich. Koshu of course. What's happening? Trace in it. Oh, hey. There's a lady in Margie, though. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Doing a good job. Yes, I am. I'm glad you're intelligent. But you can talk to these people. So I can talk to all these women, you know, rocket scientists. The thing is, I wouldn't trust George Bush as sorry, like it's wrong. Because his party and just a few years back, tried to use the Social Security Treps Fund to balance the budget. And Hatfield left Washington, Jabby was the only Republican that voted against it. And right away he was out of a job. But at that time, the Social Security Treps Fund had $69 billion more at was taking in and what it was spending. Yeah. So it's a secure program and it's probably one of the few programs that work. That ought to keep the change off of. Right. Okay, Neil. Okay, thanks. Okay. The two or four times don't predict. So that's why he nervousness is so that the interview for my opponent, then vote more than once. Because he knows the left of the second of the two four times just to make sure it just to be on the safe side. And there is George P. Bush. There's the third generation, or the fourth generation now. Whatever it is. Oh yeah, well, a kind of contribution was really tremendous. And the young people are going to come out and record breaking numbers. And there's Bernie Shaw sitting there like some kind of a buzzer. Or maybe he was the other one. What's your what's your name? Tony would the barn would lift. And all year long, that's a good point. Yeah. On a, it was Bernie Shaw who supposed to be this hard bit in the news guy. And he says, well, I think you, you guys, immediately, he's going to good job of bringing it up to the, oh, thank you. Thank you. If the fact is really punk, there was also a boy with a guy that got in golden spoon up in the echo. And I was, now what's happened, we figured out which half is next again, which half is all American. To look like whatever is shoes. Because after shooting right at night, I'm not interested in exploring anymore. At one time, you know, a couple of years ago. He talked about, he's got that, that's, Simreal, you know. Then unfortunately, good looking young guys, Simreal later, he hit them in a wake up one day and they got that ugly stick. Right in the middle of that, what happened? Look at the American keep his Christ. Jason Goodwick syndrome. Yeah, look for that. In fact, Jason Goodwick, now he's a mafia hitman or whatever. Not be a bonny, but believe it out. Oh, and guess who my fellow pissed over there, my Louise, Louise. Guess who she treated, who is here in town one time some years back, not that far back. Shut up. No, not that good and warmer. Jewish, see you in like him. Well, have you been to Texas or a crappy Benson? Oh, well, you didn't know you Jewish, his father was a rat. So that's a good noise. But anyway, Robbie Benson, who was hit far on his something like that, and also had a couple of heart attacks and all kinds of hurters and shepherds in him. But she said he was a real sweetheart, he was really nice. Yeah, it's a wife, a cartler to do that. Then you got in the way? Here's a mother on Hollywood, hello. Hi, now. You got a duty, yes, sir? Yeah, I can't say everybody could say that wish one that could pay that thumb, believe. I know, it's it's scary. I'm not going to say scary, it's you. Hey, we're stopping up, but probably we're out of place and it's been good. Some from the very beginning may try to express a sympathies for the governor's family that had died in the plane crash and the people on the course, he didn't know what he's talking about. He was smumbling and fimcing and, well, you know, the people who died today last night, they were whenever. And those people there said people I feel bad. That was good, that was real conversation. I think I have an answer to why the year, why the year, Paul showed that you might have had. I think they possibly be. I think they could support what really good is always feeling calm having the hell. No, that might be it. Okay, the other good day. Okay. What are you laughing about? You heard a lot of the loud and highly, they don't listen to him. We're going to give you a nose, matter of fact. We will. Well, let's find out. Let's go camp out there and keeping a clear sun for an up again because this election starts getting pretty bright. You first. All of the audience says this, it will get. Thank you. A Cuban, a tookless paper. Thank you, thank you again. In case you missed my safety the first time because you were pissed off at me. Thank you for several months of tremendous entertainment and real hysteria in this town. Because otherwise nothing was going on. The next, except 22 points. That was down 110, but that's been in 438. I mean, when you look at the price of these stocks, I'm not trying to, you know, suck anybody out there to buy and stocks like No, if you are, like that for example, or a lot. Or a-o-l-l. Or said it would. I'm not trying to give you a sublittle or a little bit of a little bit of a message, but I'm just trying to. You look at these prices and you say, wow, I thought a scoop up a bunch of that right now. If you slow bargroom prices. Motor roll, a 21 in the quarter can you believe that? 21 in the quarter, but no, here's a much better buy. The only 28 and a half bucks. 56 bucks a share I pay for my no-key and we thought it was a bargain man, but we're going to be a hundred dollars stock. That's what they were all talking about. And I also give you some advice for all your people out there that want to invest in money. Including you idiots who want to invest their social security money. You should always look so long. All these experts on it. This guy goes over there and they're right now. Oh, but I mean, but they have not got a freaking clue. And if they did, they would be wasting their time on television. Just like Hank said about all those touts we got those spots running on here. If those guys were such great gamblers, they would be wasting their time by him spot the suck like you. On suspecting fools out there in the gambling with them. They'd be multimillionaires. They'd be sitting back on their own damn city. They don't their own damn Macondo, they're on the casino. Whatever the whole day. Oh, no, I had seven out of ten. I had to get right. A sucker is growing every minute. That's what the stock market's all about for suckers. So if you want to take your retirement money, you want to take all the money you've ever earned in your life and head over to some puny Jew like Mitchers. Go out ahead. You go ahead. I already did. Too late for me. I'm stuck. I'm in so deep. I'm up to my earlobe. I'm up to my goddamn eyebrows. I'm drowning in a seal. Red ink on the balance sheet. But it's only on paper you don't understand. I'm in for the wrong hall. Yeah. Just like James Wood, the movie you want to part of time in America when they took away in a garbage machine. He was in for the wrong hall. That garbage truck. You could see those lips popping my mouth the bank. That'd be a good prayer one day. Who's got the risk and question? James Wood, Wayne Hattonger. Who's somebody also the bad compulsion? With real bad tips. Vocal? Could be anybody. Somebody with real bad creders. Why don't you think about it? Oh, I'm blind at him. Brian Adams, an ambulance, not the same category with James Wood. You mean Hattonger? The photos are complexion? Yeah. Oh yeah. All of the kids who just came out of the closet to which he shucks me. They played the Superman on Larson Park. Who looked at him? Huh? What did you see from the room that you came? Yeah. Turn out of the clock. I mean, I'm not really. Oh, he popped Brooks Cherry. Brooks Shield. Is what I heard? Brooks Shield. Oh. Oh. Oh, that guy. I wasn't sure you'd go on with Michael Jackson. Oh, yeah. See, I know George Shades are most of us who don't know him, but the real beard. I ought to be a lot of being here with Kevin. He beard. Yeah, he popped the cherry. It was on top of a hotbed Sunday. Not as soon as that hotbed Sunday. I think about it in Hillary if he actually... That's me. Fort radio 515. That was your 2AM by Hammond Lodermale. A measly broadcast group station. W2AM.com. Hits our bond to 2AM. Oh, very well. I want to go now to your closing statements. Governor Bush is first. Thank you, Jim. What I care about is failure. And you know what? It can happen in America with the right kind of leadership. Surely this nation can come together to encourage doctors to take the lives of our seniors. Can I come in on that? I would sign a wall banding that procedure. If I'm in trusted with a president, see, here are the choices that I will make. I'll cut healthcare, prescription drugs, education, and national defense put our budgets into deficit. Raise interest rates. I can't let the man continue to I believe that a governor Bush is a national ass. Correct. Okay. Yes. I can't let the government go. I don't know if there's going to be a president in the United States. Thank you, Jim. I want to thank Jim for all those really brilliant questions. You selected from the real good ones of the winner. Yeah. Governor Bush. I would like to ask. Why do you have to do it? Sorry. This was the best answer of the night because she was a more anti the better than he was. About parents who won't take an interest in their kid education. He said, well, I wish I knew what law that was. of course when they got to a firm in the vacuum he gave me say I wish I knew what that was. Now what they were was his you know he reminds that line. What about two right I wish I knew what that was. What about the Brady Bill I wish I knew what that was. 5. 5. 6. 0. 5. 6. The only 18. And for why is it wireless mine? 2. Other 10 people say it's worth voting in this year's election really 36. Say no no. Highly golden. So no. Oh yes sir. Yes sir. In that debate last I don't know if you saw it. I saw the entire thing for every second. One second I've heard or one little snippet of it is when Jim Lannar said something to George is the cutting to stop him and George sort of like look at him and duck and it was just such a weird thing for someone to do I mean not what you would think of polished leader would do it's like good old boys man and around a thing drink and beer was it. What you talking to me and and you look that's his whole thing. He's like a good pumpkin that's the thing it was to go up first I mean you imagine him in the holes of power throughout the world conducting himself that little smear and now I can't even see him in the looking bedroom. By the way I'm the American I'm baggage guy that this something last year about the baggage just stuff I you know you hate American Airlines I mean I do it. Yes I do. Okay I present. Well I have a great day and I know I'm voting I'm going to vote often too. It's several times okay. For Mr. Gore and what's up with the human needs. Thank you. Okay. American Airlines baby it's the only airline in the world that gives you free hang with age right you over had the biggest reach up and grab a couple. Fine let me say again natural airlines the best. I'm actually a lion. What a shame that all those new colleges were up there in Toronto taking up my hotel rooms because I could have flown national airlines with some future time when I wouldn't have such bad luck. And it wasn't just me I want you to play those stupid sloppy machines and at the that crap all of you say this to you. Everybody else I talked to was there well I said for Scott because he was the Ukraine Garth. But like before and his crowd and then his boyfriend probably the drunk man or whatever that guy's been saying probably girl they all lost their ass. Yeah we expected at least people's got you know he may be kind of a slum of a drunk in the whatever but at least he's got the ball through them that he lost his ass. You know. One thing that just makes me sick of my stomach is all these naughty smooth all well I really bet they were made in their life they can't if they really can't they bet they were made in their life what if they've been talking to lots of all like I said before. If they're such experts. I mean if you could gamble every day of your life and have a great time and you're indeed you never lose because you were so smart or lucky or both why the hell would you be a working your ass off with some conja with some scams. Here's Carlos Brinsala. Yes sir. The quick thing is they'll get to the other day. The record has been. Does he? Oh God yeah. Terrible. Did they always cover it up with water makeup? No. At the end time Paul right after the debate they did a quick go maybe half an hour later show of gore. I had by two points in the. And that was the bad night to point in one. You made a very short gore in the election not in the debate. A short gore making up all bad yellow. So that is no no no no no he was down three before the debate and then the two and two. So I am five point in one night. I'm happy. And that's the point. How can they possibly look? I just think that the toughest people in the world with the people that are on jury springer. Yeah. People that watch the people that are on. Now the most people in the world are these. Citizen panels that they had work with. Or whoever moderated on the other channels. Because I want to be a bit of a way to be. You've got to understand that mainstream America. I know it's. That's a bit of a America for you. That's what you're saying. What you're living in a country with a three big TV shows over the last few years. Or who wants to be a stupid millionaire. Right. Okay. Stupid survivors. And you're a stupid. I cherish things. So what does anybody expect in the gyro? The gyro. The gyro. The gyro. The gyro. The gyro. The gyro. The gyro. The gyro. The gyro. The gyro. The gyro. The gyro. The gyro. The gyro. The gyro. The gyro. And they understand bushes. No. No specific answer. It's supposed to what's really happening. I give you one final thought. Just like this previous call. I said from America American allies. Just think of George Bush in a summer meeting. And that's what you got to think about. Okay. Thanks. If you can find a way to get there. They have to put it on the map. Thank you sir. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. 7. 6. 7. 6. 7. 9. 9. 6. 7. 9. 6. 5. 8. 6. 6. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. Life nights the bait made a quick five point change in the CNN time pool which of course is the Gallup doesn't see in it End of it which we're gonna host line the bear that means that maybe a thing's in look at also Was he today After what truly was an embarrassing performance So maybe we want to say that to talking here although Dan bad I got a did you wish you were rewatching it? I'm Tannin No, I'll see you Did you hear the redness comments what it was over about the can the commenting there? Yes, he is just phenomenal. He's just great He's the only one that will scrape away all of the near and all the plants that could all be as I tell you exactly what you saw You know color like it is My his comment after the second debate about There's should have been a warning sign about do not drive or you're obligated heavy machinery I want after watching this debate Yeah, and I scored he's the only one and I guess he can afford to do it because he's been there a hell of a long time He's not going anywhere till he's ready. What's the frequency Kenneth? Nice going Dan Or he's got a communist like in widgets because they're both in practice 9 minutes after what is 5 60 WQM Boy I'm a child Congratulations get a life nah We've been told to help them bring in the next time that young we will be the best. We've come all the way. We've come all the time that we will be the best. We've come all the way up to the center of the world. That's right. I am a safe human being and we are the best and we will be all. Now, 1.4k, 5.6k, WM happy Wednesday. We've got a pan called British Oak on number two. 268 votes on our second poll of the day. Is it worth voting in this year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year's year? 209 to yes. 39 say no. No. Now worth a effort. It will never stay at home and pick a winner. Here's the mobile and time of time. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Oh I know. I'm a pharmacist working out and time of time to put it out. Right. And I know that gentlemen, it's a comment about going through Mark's plan tonight about the direct advertising through the consumers. Well you mean like the coming hundred from the walking out of the continent from the walking? Well just do it rightfully adjust the what you said. There was an article I read about a month or two ago. I think it was a pharmacy times magazine. And what they said is the current trend by the end of this upcoming calendar year. The end of the year 2000. There will pretty much be an even split between what drug companies stand on. Development of new drugs and also indirect advertising so they can kill them. So gold is not over exaggerating or stretching the truth. He was taking a legitimate fact and as he did it, it's a particular point in time. So there's nothing wrong with what he said as opposed to the things he picked out about last week. And one other thing about the drug companies. There's also a digital fact. Last year there was an article that came out and one of the other magazines that I also thought in I believe it was in your time. There, you know, over the last five years it looked at all the drugs that have gotten to the FDA. Only 9% of all of those drugs have to do with new and effective things like new age drugs or that sort of thing. 91% of considered copycat drugs. What that means is the drug companies just want to piece of the pie to help the line to the pocket. So when they say they need all this extra money in order to develop new drugs, that's in their perspective, kind of stretching the truth through a large degree of offer. Yeah, that's an mention of the NIH money that got caught about before. First of all, you know, go ahead and write on a headline slide about the generic drugs fighting, the best you know, drugs and bring it a place away, way down which, of course, the pharmaceutical companies are all against because it's going to cost and billions of dollars in profits. Oh, you bet. I mean, I have, when I see a person come in with a drug for cholesterol and a drug for high drug pressure, it's nothing else. And I know the person is a senior status and I don't think it's income coming. And I have to try and bring out the dollars for it. I just want to try and put that one a cry because I know they're making that choice. And I know it's a catchphrase now that they have to choose between eating or paying for the drug. But that's a whole lot more legitimate than people think. Right. And I'll tell, I mean, if you want to offer no other reason, this is like, you know, bush does, it is for a where I'm going to help to provide coverage for years and four years and goes as next year. Well, we need to do it this year or next year. But it better be done right away. People can't figure out who to both for just look at that and think of you, you're concerned. You know, having to choose between taking a medication the way the doctor prescribes or having to cheat on it or having to get the open order to afford the drug, pressure is deplorable. Right. Okay. I want to have for those coming. Are you better? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, you know, twice from the Bay last night, go get a really good opinion. You know, you're in the early part, and then later on toward the end, when he said, if you're in favor of the doctor, you talk about, you know, high prices for prescription drugs, and he went on to the whole business as your man. And he did a real effective job on that. And he was right. And there was no response. So what there was another fence to it, except that bit of lining and hiding under Jim Lears armpit. Oh, yeah. Well, you see these debating tactics, you know, making their tax on it. It's so juvenile, making their tax on your opponent. That's what a debate's all about. A different opinion. It was making personal attacks. It never said you're not the freight train. You never said you were cheap drunk, but you probably never went to school or you're missed a guy in the National Guard, never showed up in Alabama, which would win a bit of personal attack, because it would have been true. But he's spirited at him, Bruce. But to talk about issues, this man can't do it. It's always the same glittering generalities. But all while he or her worked on a bipartisan way, and he's going to get it done, and he got it. Yeah, he's going to get it done all right. For big tobacco, big oil, the big pharmaceutical company, the religious right, anybody else that most of us can't stand. That's who's going to get it done for. Because if he gets in a lot of us are done for, for the huge George, he didn't like illegal, and he's sick of those Mexican, Serpice Grantson, or his nephew, whatever he is. Here's a mobile and highly at home. Maric, go! All right, there's a good call from highly of one of your people. Send him over to see you as your Airfront. Maybe you didn't take a bath together. 560, 0560, 5560 on the A-1050, and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a baby. Hello. Classic, though. Uh huh. Uh, hey, buddy, you feel taking, uh, you feel taking candidates for that, but yeah, I don't know where we'll take that poll or something. Maybe tomorrow we'll do that one. You've got that the most obvious one, you've been calling to phrase for it. Baby Jock. Baby Johnson, that's right for you. I don't know about him since he got canned. Right. See, he heard those, oh, that day Jock said I was friend of ways. I don't know, no, no, no. This former man after the Dodgers up until a few days ago, and the good points. There you go. I'd put it into that, of course, as a baseball, as you, which is a, I don't know, for some reason the court can't refuse to bring the light. I don't know why they won't bring the fact forward that your stubby bush has his father's friend help him purchase the Texas Rangers. Right. And then a taxpayer expense had the oil and convenient built right that new kind of media. Then so is a court. A quarter of a quick thought. So that's not a $100 million dollar question. So a quarter of a $1.100 million dollars. Not a rich in people hate building stadiums. But what they hear is a guy who basically worked before the public and had the public building stadium, reap the benefit so the team and now are the monthly million, which by the way is his primary source of income. Correct. To the power to that even a failure in a number of business. They have every business. But for some reason, they will not publicize that kind of why not do that yesterday. And they're attempting to steal baseball many traded tennis shows. Well, if you said, did you throw the frosting on the cake? I think people are just, I think I retired of quite an associate gore with him. Or they're good but they're not true because clubness still got unbelievable approval ratings. He's got like 65% approval rate. You know, I've been able to believe up a maybe in the privacy of their own home. They just are saying that there's some kind of resentment that they won't bring forward. I can't explain it. You know, how can you explain piece and cost parity in this guy with debt with this high annual? I don't know. Gore goes should be 25 30 points in that. He's run a bad campaign. He has three separate campaign managers at the very least. He has difficult, he's finding traction but the problem is. Well, the fifth and six months to find a personality that was a problem. He doesn't have one but he's just like what? We're not a way thing to go on that on the planet. You know, if you're forgetting when the agent television now, that's what you've got to do. You've got to shoot all of it up like you've even been on this. You're gonna admit it, my way on the planet of one. The problem is that at this point you've got three weeks to go and you're just, you know, we're running out of time. We're about four times. That's not five five or six. Take care of it. I'm going for David Jobs. Okay. He's going for David Jobs. Who are the other one you had in there? Edward Jones, all those? Oh, every James almost, good enough to be on a lowest face. Every James almost, a Gizm of the creeps. Or you shouldn't say that. And who's the other one? You said, Brian Adams? Yeah, I know that. Bad. From Channel 6. 7. No line, no Brian Adams. Okay, with a bad bad complex. 9 or, I don't know what's his music either. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. He ain't no Nick Lashay. Let's share one of his name is his brother, Do you got married? You see that in the favorite day? You got married. Nick of course, he's still going with that. Jessica. Yeah, well, she's holding it back. She's waiting until we're both about 40. And then she'll think about taking a look at it. Here's Miami, hello. Yes sir. I mean, I've got a nice one. All right. You have to figure out what a lot of good companies that are so very, I don't know if you remember that. Yeah. Actually, I come up with one called Fargo. I was just watching it. If I try to tell her to Georgian, just as you remember. Oh, he's a little guy, I kind of want to look at it. Yeah, Fargo. Yeah, one more thing. Oh, fish. Yeah. Fish this. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 3, it's just one of your people. He says, well, boys, you need your father man. I'm trying to tell you that. I don't know. You want this bird moor is from my, meepost. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AP and P and Verizon Wireless Line. Yeah, both boys. She had those, one of our young geniuses out there. You're a real rocket science, you say, you got too much bush on a brain. That's what that stuff will do to you. A little bush like I've told you for years. Okay, I guess. If that's your thing. But too much bush. Dangerous. Here's a mobile and pepper time. There. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. When you're seeing it? First about you do a great job, leave a bit. Yeah. And what I want to decide picking on a fine tuition and a good kinetic issue, because we're going to be more civilized than I'd have to say. Excellent. Well, I want to vote yesterday. Yes. And there was this young kid in front of me of colors as one might say. Well, too, yes. And he went to change his political party to a Democrat. And he's voting for Gore, probably because he had it from New York. Well, he's going to be a Republican in the first place as far to who was a Republican and I used for Hitler, what they were not all about. And the public human's vote can't go anywhere from then to very good next week. And then come there. I got to Australia for three weeks. So I'll push his in. I'll see you in four years. We'll see you in bush country. All right. Okay. Good luck. He's going to bush country, which is going to be Australia, because he's going to be Gore country. Well, I think Gore will be down. Oh, yeah. So he's going to be a good piece of history. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six. He, pound five, six, six. He got off for that 10, two. What airline he was flying to Vegas hopefully? National Airlines. I'm telling him seriously, We had a tremendous experience. Which was about the only trip that I've taken and recently remembered what the go to experience was. It would be airline only in here and not when I got to the hotel, we've gone. We're going to say usually the pinnçµes and the traveling to get their part and when you get there you have a very time. In this case, it was just the opposite. Our union was ripping very against you that it. I was going to say, you said you said I was going to burn out for a couple of days. Now I'm going to go back. Children are going to turn over as paycheck. I mean, who's going to be doing some very important things like to show this surgery being Friday tomorrow and Friday about nuclear physics or just general physics. And they're going to be doing some more anti-due shows. And I'm going to, you know, just take this paycheck and see if I need a lot of stuff like I have an hour out there. 15 minutes. Hey, is that bonus coming on those paycheck? What's here for a jerk? And you're, you have a tell you, if I'm forking there, you have a tell you when the book is coming out? Look. She didn't get me started with this radio stuff again. I know you're a money hero, but it just, it just, it just, it's just, it's just, it's my ass and the other part of me too, that it's so split shot here. Why can we get some freaking information on is this? I'm going to be 24 to the level of the 30. Oh, doing a middle of a show. I want to go up that day. I'm going to have to come back and Vegas again. I think I'm going to go back. I'm going to go back. I'm going to have them zero Oxford Prophets. Why am I just going to go back? One of the night tell you, one night the one person that told you that no matter what what's talking about, whether it's IBM, whether it's Cisco, whether it's cinema, or what it is, and a couple of months it's going to be worth a share, no matter what it's worth now, because that's the directional head of it. And I hate to break the news through the NAS spec is in the minus again only 20 points, but it's 10 net direction again. Even though it's on microsystems just came out with stellar earnings they beat the street by 3 cents a share. Is anybody here? Oh, no. No, this one might as well For Myers. Oh, yes sir. Yes, I was undecided yesterday and I made up my mind Yes, it's got to be all all out. I thought he kicked some ass. Oh, I He kicked some ass last night. He did no question of all come on out here and more that I was pretty obvious I can't vote for a guy who keeps biting the inside of his lip. I'm gonna see that Yes, I did between the snowing and the Smithen just constantly biting his lip The other thing to do that biting his tummy for a middle stupid kind of yeah He was also talking about insurance Yeah, yeah, please. I'm gonna boy If we had the grades we had a great time at a Diababa queue So the one thing you need a big mistake, who was when I asked him a lot of the tax set You know, Larry said this does it favor the rich? He came on he said he could explicitly said of course it does yeah He doesn't even say it exactly that way, but he you know He doesn't deny it because this is why everybody oughta get a tax set And then he you know, he does he doesn't specifically never specifically answers the question He always does it cut pants about it and that should be the tip off like that if it came out for the question It shows you that what a virtualization just the neighbors true Yeah, with the healthcare thing he didn't have any specific no numbers no I mean obviously he probably can't count up the tan so it doesn't matter, but Let me ask you something maybe did you know about this special that's on PBS tonight called critical condition? No, I would encourage you to watch it. Okay. It's a PBS special It's about the healthcare crisis. It's with the address Smith. Okay watch that show if you get a chance My brother works for Kaiser from an empty end kind of a good one They're a man process which is rare for each him. Oh, right, but there haven't a lot of problems What time is it? What time is it? It's time I think it either clock. Okay. I'll get it. Thanks. Thanks. Well, here's another quote when he was on a hardball softball Probably with Chris Matthews and a miss NBC May 31st of this year Bruce says first of all Cinco D'Amyo is not the independence day that's the least he's safety September and Matthew says what's that in English? Bush 15th of September The AC space there's a T.M. Ray 16th of December as in An academic who is like the AC safety is he had to maybe a little mistake there. It probably is Kingfield's word for 15 in this bunny already When I know that from high school Spanish, so you a little bit off there, George. You boy You know on 20 at after one at five 62 The Neo Roger show sports radio five 60s You a and why you are in charge like this? Will they reach the new falsies in its jigsaw this week? The Democratic give it booze and cheers Hey bring back kids in the falsies in those That's a show Can't only for even a cat no Act as a big for a region Just a star of the Looking for pieces Oh Michael Malm's show yes Can you boy star rock is still on the air I'm not too guy to the barrel What happens with the pizza place? Why can't you let me look at a TV show? I'd like to ring the chicken neck and that like a wrenches I'd like to explain a bit to me a great Can you just say this? But I like the two is wearing a real one Oh I did work for the show I love the coming cool day view Send eyes The trolley would spend years ten Can we met Rezz The Ashley Village Girls Barbie Let's try Sniper adventure. Sniper adventure I want to cut it like that. 134550WDQ. I'm the off-line truck from the sub center. I'm the full 41 and I'm the good buddy from the sub center. And you still good guy, but I haven't seen truck in a while. This is the second time this has happened to me since I got the cash stock. My hand. They have a cash stock. It's obvious that nobody's going to shake you or whatever hand that cash is on. When I went for my therapy on Monday and my good coach friend, she used the little user there. I was introduced there and she's very nice and she shook my hand and of course it happened to me and I mean hard. I mean, I know not a hand shake of the whole hand but like of the fingers and the national or the fingers together kind of. And Chuck just came in and he looked exactly the same way. I said, I'm sorry. Maybe you should pay that red like a warning sign. And the finger too young. I know a lot of people are ought to pay that red like a warning sign. 56550, pound 560 on the AP and pick and Verizon wireless line. Hand was just in here he said he agrees with me that national or the national or he's always told it is national or I'm the best. Great. Great service. Great seven could be seven's not the little pun jumpers and they get you there early and they come back early and they're just efficient. They can get it done. No hassle. Here's another West Palm Beach, you know. Yeah, I do it. Pretty good. I got a couple things I've been you know just thinking about for a long time. Okay, let him out. Well, what is, you know, why can't the Democrats get you know, explained to the public how the real wires in every campaign are there Republicans. They always deal in the big lines. So they're going to pay the wires and they've always done that. Ever since Nixon be counting to Hayden Douglas. Right. You know, it's always been another communist, you know. Yeah, some of the other things I've been thinking about is this. The pink lady. Yeah, right. That was a draw. You know, that's really, I mean somehow the Democrats think that make it clear to the public because the public just doesn't get that for some reason. The public doesn't give much. That for sure. The other thing I wanted to say is this, you know, a push has executed more people than most of the people who's executed have killed. He's executed 180 people. Yeah. The people who execute, maybe they killed one or two people. And this guy just keeps like, you know, pulling the switch. You know, you're putting your people. You know, I'm telling you that it's a completely targeted people. You know, I'm not a person. We targeted people and also people who had the sleeping lawyers syndrome from their, uh, uh, a quote-apointed prosecutors. I mean, defend public defenders. How do you like to have that? How do you like to have a public defender, your life is on the line. You want to travel from murder. And you're the cherry, sleep shuffling through the remaining two, three quarters of it. Which shocked the hell out of me that could ever happen. But it does happen. It's well-bucking that it in this book is our children running. So let me ask you, is it your children learning? No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50. So as much as I'm going to vote for Go and he does come across much better in terms of education and all the teachers. And listen, I still don't believe that either one of them really gives you a fine crap about education. We don't want to educate the people who's cut it because an educated electorate becomes very dangerous. Once people are smart, then you can't pull those countershenenicans and say, this is a political campaign for prisoners, people who are able to live that way. What are you doing with uneducated dumb people who are busy watching your experience, they're not based, but it's easy to put this on. Oh, well, this one he had a bad, his veins were popping out of his head and he had a one that was frowning too much. Yeah, why don't you do it with me? I'm in that effect, just a minute ago, about how bush was making too much water. Maybe it's back to that drinking problem. Could be. Maybe it's kind of like simulating you and you are keeping the glass for the upper post. You think that's probably a 15 step program doesn't know how old we never heard about before. That's one of them. Yeah, you do a lot of water and you can totally glass for the upper post and you think you're drinking it. The good stuff. And you know something from some of the senses, maybe he was. Maybe that's why he chipped, snorkeling in the snorkeling with the whole night last night and he was still in the mouth. Can you imagine what his face was passing as much as he was looking at? 22, number time passes is a Kerosene called major passages. 22 before 25, 60, WCM, there you go, Buckebryne, I took you to prison. Me, me, I hate the irony, got to go. Say, you're not leaving for work with a high fiber boy at first, are you? Gee, I don't have time for breakfast, well then try one of these. It's our son, kid, kid, kid, and tune. A son, kid, kid, and tune. There's fiber in this, you bet. You get 10 times of fiber in need with every bite. Woo! Sweet, delicious. Uh-oh, how about my wife? Gee, where you going now? Oh well, you're a botanist of will, son-tip, pitied brood. Now it's 10 times of fiber that keep you healthy. Right? Right? Uh, B-right out, or a little plumbing problem. Okay. 143,56, you're WCM. So this is what we got for tomorrow's pool. You two have to do it today? Let's put it up now. Because this one is obvious. Huh? Is it worth voting in this year's election 233 years? 84 and a half percent. Only 50 people said no. 15 lazy, maybe it's 15%. So let's change the pool again. Why not? Keep their account as close, give them something to do over there. Maybe they exercise losing an answer to. What? Let me give me a look like that for if you're sensitive about being fat. A lot of them. Why should it be? He's a pretty fat guy. He's a grown boy. You know, I can't. Maybe moving from here to the computer, or like, he left for half a calorie. Can't hurt. Why are you laughing so hard? He's a big, chubby guy. Alright, he's great. We love him. He doesn't expect that to be a job. I want to start to the best in the world. But he's fat. I'm just showing all our best. The station is all about fat. Right? So here's our new question. How did I remember how I phrased this? Who's got the best work? Who's got the worst compression? Who's got the worst compression? David Johnson, former Metz, and of course, a brave second basin. David Johnson, former dog, is manager just fired of course. Wayne Hype, Pingu, James Woods. A lot of the movies were here and besides the much time time in the market James Woods. So I heard lots of it. And we hit played really cold in that, whatever that situation cold. Was that the name of the movie? Yes, no. My favorite part of that movie. Was when Ray Cohen walked up to the president and the president stood there and a connection with that dimension. Okay. That was my favorite part. Edward James almost, who's almost an actor, but they don't tell him, in Brian Adams, who's almost a singer, but not quite, not even close. That's not a bad five. If there were any others out there, I don't think he was anybody in that category. The worst compression in the history of the movie, David Johnson, Wayne Hype, James Woods, Edward James almost, or Brian Adams, good to have. Oh, that's all, yeah. Man, where many roles do you original pineapple head? Yeah, many of them are manual well and more, yeah, go. Yeah, I'll put him on her. She now you're making a complicated proposal. But that might be another two calories right there. Yeah. He's probably tapping it in right way. You don't want to over-exude it, that's how I'd the way I look at it. Here's Hollywood, hello. Yeah, man, you don't. Okay. Getting back to the people who've been talking about the war, and they talked about the bush. To me, that's a chef that's a clown to the political arena. Yeah. Why not the hell with the gun? That's what we got. But why not so much O.J. Simpson's in the mix of problems? Why not tune him into the lake? He's gonna play with his monkey too much. Oh god. So shame. So pathetic. There's another political mason for you right there. There's another educated American with a great sense of humor. Not. Five, six, seven, five, six, eight, pound, five, and there's an adult. You listen to the thing about doing a show like almost 25 years now. These are adults. These aren't like children. They're overgrown children. The people are adults. People live wrong. And I can have like nearly a half of brain. Maybe a little growth somewhere in their body. Yeah, that too. And it's still like a little children. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Don't forget the specs. Get into the specs and pick up your best best stuff. Now they're gonna be going out tomorrow. They're just gonna be sitting my with that circle. Work like they were doing the mirror. They're gonna be going out of the bottle. Happy, work on the state. Oh, by the way, that reminds me of our birth. Been personally not as computer and answer them for this. I spoke to Ron Jeremy last night. And he said he's very busy, probably. If you said you're not nearly as tight as he used to be before he moved Amsterdam, whatever that man. Here's a mobile and I haven't sure. Hello. Mobile and I haven't sure. Okay, who are you doing? Okay. You're still in the question. You put that family in your arms. Yeah, that's a good one. Also, I was talking that to you guys last night. And George Boychek says, come on. There's other words. I mean, people could say what they want about him. He was the super-ish boycott team, well, for president and all my life. If you look at Domino's picture, he was next to a medicion here. Yeah, but you know who's right then? The thing is, the people that were watching the day and the guy got whatever he was holding for. You know, the whole piece of focus would be. Oh my god, the best was just one woman afterwards. It's a bad thing that this. They asked her, are what impressed you all our couple of person trust me with a complete issue. Yeah. What country do you think you're listening to, dear? Maybe she likes going to church and where they bring the guns in the church and text us, maybe she likes that, if you say. And then that other woman in the house can see a gun permit, where they're all on your own. She needs other all these ex-tellings. But anyway. And then the best was two women that asked her about what are you going to do about this girl come for propaganda or whatever she wants to do about it. Yeah, more importantly. Yeah, this more out. What are you doing about it? Are you going to watch you over your church with a huge amount of parents? Right. I thought to the girl was going to come running out of the crowd and start making a speech. Thank you, I didn't. I thought she was going to come out of filmmaking. How was it? What have you been kind of farming, huh? Remember interesting. Very interesting. Okay, she had to look in bedroom. Five to seven or five, 60 pound, five, 60 on the 18, and 10 Verizon Wireless Line. Yeah, I want to express my sympathy for them. That people had died, you know, today yesterday or, you know, you know, they were dead. They were dead. So guys, I'm pretty sorry. But anyway, I want to, I mean with all this in theory of a rattlesnake, come on, Georgie, who the kid and baby, any suit, I realized that that wasn't scripted. But even the dumbness of the advisors knew, they were going to be asking, given a chance to make that comment. Before they started answering the first question, it's not a fact. If Jim later, what a lot of it would be fair. Which he never was there in a whole thing. He would have said, I'm sure that both of you would like to make it opening remarketing in light of what's happened here in Missouri and as well. You know, it's better taking up the time from gross first answer, which was an important question. But it took up 90 percent of his time. But there's a simple way to make it up to the point of view. But it took up 90 percent of his time. Which was an important question. But it took up 90 percent of his time. But there's a stupid speech. And in Bush came back and said, well, who was it that die or whatever, he said, I'm like that. Yeah. And they did. And for you, idiot, you're talking that always push the libertarian party as being so different and a great alternative. You're out of the closet on this show. Calling our libertarians vote for Bush, it says, from the libertarians. Peace of propaganda by Martin Dunn in a libertarian propaganda sheet. So they want you to vote for Fudge Brown, whatever their candidate's name is, they want you to vote for Bush because the libertarians are a bunch of closet fashion. Now, I've always told you that they make a Republican vote like a bunch of good time choice. And they clap your candle with like a Mr. Rogers. Oh, God. No, not that Mr. Rogers. Henry for a two-and-five, I don't want those sneakers over those funny little sweaters. That's from my image. Henry for a two-and-five, 60 WQA. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 560. A-half, they're gay. It'd be a long-world, boldie. The little cow, a lot of soul. And a long-world, a-p-p-le-mo. Oh, no, no, no, no. You're the best. You got the court too, gentlemen. They're so, so fancy, man. How do you give their earth to the he-ma-peek all it down? Let's look, they were so, and not little down. They have a big boozy. They boozy, they have kids. They have kids. They have the foul, the foul. They don't hold on to hold on. In the middle of the road, they don't hold on. All the road, they don't hold on. All the way down the road. They don't hold on. You can do a live now. You can catch cats running in the fiber. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold. I don't know who's up to this woman's dad. No. I don't know. Now, here's the maddoctor. Ladies and gentlemen, I am Dr. Marki Kaifus from Columbia, I'm a vice-eric, and I'm here to ensure that I had a very good CF today. Thanks. I want 57 to 5.6 to 92.8. So far, the new B3rd Pearl Bdays are member runnin' two B's by Callava and Aishmukh, Ashman House. Who has the worst compulsion? Many one of their A goes, got one, and gets one. I'm a very, very, very good. Now, let's move to the next one. So that's all we got to, I guess. I must have voted for one of those, huh? Yeah. I'll let you get to which one. Here's a moment for a modern-day, huh? Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, Bill, man. Great. Actually, someone, like I asked your phone, I have no other comment about the B. Okay. I'm surprised you didn't say I'm already jumping. You know, the picture was from a murder in the... Yeah, I never read that. I really thought about him, yeah. He was kind of fitted in a little bit of security. Another is pitching for a minor league team, yeah. Exactly. But I was watching the B. And then, apart of the B, I can't believe I was working in jump on. And Bush mentioned that there's going to be a federal program for religious after school. Yeah. So we're going to use it. That means you can't say that. Oh, yeah. Don't quit. I can't really go in jump on that. Well, nobody is to... This is the problem of the strategy. The girl and his people are so terrified. They're afraid of the good intentions. That's why they got a Lieberman running around, trying to out-go-de-touch you with the Republican, which is a very bad mistake. But we'll have a bit of separation of church and faith. You have to ask the Orthodox Jews in Hollywood. Yeah. I really did this for the time. I'm watching.