QAL to talk to the all five six seven all five six whole three in David Rower all five six the on yourself all the other kingdoms of the old his guests and colors and that necessarily represent those of the BC grad test group it's that advertisers are agents of you now here's Neil Roger on five sixty two eight I was here to report after night that twenty four years ago I was a apprehended and getting back for a main sort of P.U.I. that's an accurate story I'm glad of that I often thought said that a patient drank and I did on that night but I made the decision that drinking I don't know what my girls doing with the times it comes to idea that natural then the point of the decision I made then go yet forward to people saying that I've learned that yes I was I'm going to break very yeah I mean there's to a book I can't remember there's just four years ago uh not often where happy I've done it but then and uh that's the post election I took and I and I and I and I I'm I'm the first to say that uh people have a mouthful all understand that who who who who who okay have another one of those to or G can all run at five sixty wqn this is the day baby uh he day did I vote this morning you by two sweet and I did I was on the first one's online although I got shuffled I want to pin the wrong alphabetical time for some reason so I want to be in about the twentyth person to vote they were jammed in there in the acres baby I think of that jammed in there lined up 80 trillion deep which may or may not be a good thing over there because I don't think uh with too many group people in the acres a lot of glam and yet you don't say a lot of those but that's okay because the thing that seems to be happening today at least here in South Florida where we're going to decide this election today which is I don't care what they tell you about why I don't think about people are really highly motivated all so the crap what they don't want is a massive turnout especially areas where it's bad for them the bush people they don't want to massive turnout of dark folks they don't want to massive turnout of old people especially old Jews they just don't want to gigantic voter turnout because that all those uh is a bad element in fact one of the postures what happens in any of that bogus poll that they have on fox that nobody else even mentioned even though he who are predicting that bush is going to win and you know something before going to that anything could happen that's the exciting thing about right now it could be anything bush could win by a landslide uh I don't think bush going to win by a landslide but bush certainly has got a shot to win or could be like who knows could be uh with so come out of the absentee balance from the west coast dates coming or did they after even that's how tiny it is apparently but anyway the one poll uh they're talking a big game for bush but in their overall poll of all registered voters they're saying gore 45 bush 41 even that's their outfit now the dogley poll the MSNBC voters are they which uh you know they have a good track record but who the hell knows they pulled right up to them the night last night here are their last numbers nationally what are all I do with the some of my facts you're sent here's my own naturally gore 48 bush 4.4.8% bush 46.8.6 and I'm going to tell you right now they're predicting 80% turn out in date over 72% brown that's it they brown in Palm Beach here is your chance to feel important because you are going to decide the election today they brown in Palm Beach make no mistake about it and that neighbor 6 points in Florida bothers me a lot a lot Michigan Gore 51 bush 45 native 4 Pennsylvania this is a shocker Gore 51 bush 42 native 3 the state of Washington Gore 50 points bush 43 native 5 bush is 7.1010C he's going to win Tennessee Illinois Gore 50 bush 43 native 7 Wisconsin which bush had a 2.0 yesterday it's even 46.46.86.86 so you see the trend not only in the national poor but in the state right post the trend is moving in toward Gore the independent to the League Democratic and some of the major people are moving back into Democratic column Ohio which bush had a hugely no Ohio in fact there already every one of the that which is already got his uh you know the color right on the map Ohio bush 48 Gore 45 native 5 it's within the statistical margin of error on the poor Missouri which bush also got open up about a 4.5 point lead as of right now bush 48 Gore 47 native only 3 and they're saying that because the bedman is on a ballot melt counterhand that's going to bring out a lot in fact it looks like counterhand is going to win his wife John Ashcroft can't even be the bedman in Missouri but bush's lead is only one there now it's again within the statistical margin of error. New York state Gore 56 bush 37 native 6 and I should like to know because not the last minute they're saying well we're Glasgow who's behind in all the most recent polls because everybody seems to hit sweltering like boys nor the people that love her but the last year is supposed to win now some of the polls. I don't see how that's going to happen when growers up by 19 points in New York state and is going to win by probably about a million and a half votes in New York state how is it possible that swelriers are going to get to it then I think of Tyler and likely in fact late last night they were taught how to the fact that even as unlikely as it looked about the Democrats winning back the Senate that the house is unlikely it'll be very close but the Senate is now becoming a strong possibility. So I'll get your answer out there involved because this is what they don't want. Despite of all see and those of you who are watching the bush people in there it's all a psych job this day they tried this once before what they start you know celebrating in the getting ready in a very confident all the sort of book that they did this in New Hampshire during the primaries they were confident they were going to just sweep what on in because of course it was handed to Montessir Replyter it's here it's an entitlement to this guy just like it's an entitlement for swelry. although he's got a brain not that I like her but he's got a brain but nevertheless they had a big uh... a celebration in New Hampshire a little bit premature because John McCain beats a crap out of the bush mice doing the pantry and public and primary i mean beat this spot on it so take a look at those numbers clear it a Michigan pencil vending the three must wins in my book for a girl he's a head-notch who ever but the closest one is right here eighty percent turn after predicting in the county and keep in mind that many of those eighty percent of the cloud because they vote whether you like it or hate a<|ko|> they get out and vote they put their green teeth in the grass they soak them off a little bit they put them back in their push or not is the case maybe don't make any of them and uh... they come a little bit of breakfast and they get out there and they do it they vote they punch it and the ballot too so all of us people in the county better turn out in big big numbers because middle always once that fewer with all alien and everybody's a disatisfaction and the right wing uh... all who he or was not a set of book and all the corruption we've had in the county which of course classes parties and lines because there are no political parties in the county is only run for the corrupt party but those of you who are disoriented with that and with that who are struggling with the gunner with people like iliana gross latent uh... bret dana dana and that obnoxious the disgusting link in the as well or as you opportunity all and guess who is flying down a calm along yesterday in his private jet wane high pinga yeah we have to be with flying below the column how do you do the run is paid a florida i just mentioned that passing for those who may forget the vote for brunalsian did i forget the vote for the most of all i know i don't know i i punched the left of heart and the ballot too yeah look at the british preencouraging man or line up in fact it says hundreds of voters in south florida stood on for hours on money to cast absentee ballots for president early indication of how strongly people feel about a contest that appears too close to call mimey dates supervisor elections uh... david lathe said we've never had this kind of turn out this election is bringing out people in drugs and that was yesterday for the absentee's baby so find out from the audience today if they voted and how to turn out was by then where they were here's our poor from yesterday if you're voting uh... today poor was tomorrow but it has to meaning today for your vote before al-gore thousand forty three seventy one twenty percent the original bill to under fifty seven seventeen point seven percent laugh later seventy five five point one percent here we brown fifty three which i believe three point six percent that's notice and patty can twenty three one point five percent there's not that that's the notice because the libertarian party here we brown hasn't shown up in any pool i mean this list of fiscal Nick look like a fraction of on percent to the libertarian people little but in the way jim ayman constitute additional before may be you fishons are filming doctor programming dog now some washington number smart whom you featuring Colonel Cliff, Jack Jamon, and sitting in for Pat Buchanan, New York Giant Cheeky Barber. No, here's John McClockland. The Beast you won, George W. Rings of Alt, Alonoclip. Well, John, I want to say... Oh, Jack Jamon! Well, that's not an easy choice. Cheeky Barber, I'm gonna have to say the wrong... ...actual answer, law exercise. That's what I'm gonna do! Next issue, Algon! They were Broadway show, bringing the noise, bringing the punk off-tax. Elonoclip, I think you're slow enough. Well, John, I'd have to say... Wrong! Jacky Jacky, you've been Jamon! That's a very difficult choice. Wrong! Cheeky Barber, I'm gonna have to say right. Not a choice, we need Cheeky Barber. You gave it to the last time that wasn't a choice. Wrong! Correctly Tom's cast, Cheeky Barber. Next issue, the cast of Big Brother should be murdered. Ow! Ow! Ow! Wrong! Jack Jamon! I know my... Wrong! Cheeky Barber! I don't think they should be Cheeky. Wrong! Excellent! So, boys and coding! Bye-bye! Bye-bye! 10-15-50-50-50-QM, Randy Rhodes comes home. Didn't we have this first yesterday? I had it everybody else. Is anybody care? No, oh. It's in a hero business morning, so must be true. Stupid talk 9-40s already impressive. Why not? I've just got a bit stronger. One time, some sort of video-fitted Randy Rhodes, a big in broadcast. He was a daily program broadcast on WS Palm Beach, WJN Ocean 94, starting Monday, crew channels and I'll study like that from 2 to 7 PM, starting Monday. Now, she certainly got to do better than a loser, not too wild. And certainly better than a book, a babbling book, wouldn't you think? No! Not a whole lot better, but like a little bit of a little bit. So, double that point, too. And that Ed Phil had like mind to mind his column. I guarantee he's a little better than the mind's column. Not a lot. See, it seems to me that they're like missing some of the puzzler. I don't want to get, you know, into that. Here's for a lot of day, I'll hello. Hey man, it's going. Yes sir. So, she got like, in K-Kim school with her? Yeah, Rose. Uh-huh. I want to call you. You know, it's your purple on alternate day. Some days it's green, some days it's purple. These are what it is. Yeah. I checked this out. I threatened my, what am I trying to do with Rose for Bush, right? So, I said, I said that a little bit. I had them in a long box. I know. I know. I'm telling them all these things that I've got to actually document it. I've heard. He's in consistency to Bush. Basically, at the end of the conversation, I got him to admit that Bush is a complete idiot. I mean, I really need voting for Bush. He says, and a lot of the people he knows is because they're scared of military. Because they're military. They're convinced. Because they're not the only telling why. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. No, say, what? He says, our military stock, he says, will we work in Yugoslavia for helping out there? We ran out of ammunition because we didn't have enough money. I have asked him, where do you get this information? Did he ask him kind of a bad dream to something bad bullet? No, no. And then, any says, we have no smart phone. You know, we have no smart phone black. You're all about this? I got a couple. He convinced that. I got him. I got him. Because this, that China is going to screw us. Yeah. Because we can know what's going on. This sounds to me like some of you definitely need to keep it a lot of stocks today until after seven o'clock tonight. Yeah, they like that. We checked this out. They like that. That's a very good one. This was to drill. It protected me as a last week. That's great. You know, it's where there's a protractor. This is the mentality of the Bush. That's why Niggas got 17 points in the last. Right. Every Bush, because you're in a car truck, it's a white male idiot. Yeah. Or there's no boys. I'm going out to put both on the back. Any of the fakes will be in there in the weekend. Everybody know the other side of the truth, man. Okay. Keep that guy locked up, please. Big radio news. These are 45 at WWWDBFM in Philadelphia. Drops 25 year talk formats, which is the 80s hit. There's a 5 PM yesterday. New name 96.5, but point has not filed for new colleges yet. Either marketing conducted the most recent research project and August, leaving the format change. The decision to drop news talk was made over a week ago. No one in the first station saw it coming. Although there have been rumors, a certain PDN here will learn more. Call the staff of WWWDBFM at 730 yesterday morning. Pungum there'd be a 9 AM meeting. Bush and Brian B.J. were there. Everyone was let go. Those employees were contract. They paid in 4. Oh God. Get to the 80s. I'm great on QAM. I don't know. We got all those old jingles. We could bring back. Yeah. Everyone with a contract was paid off. And 4. Anyone without a contract received to weeks pay. Consult the random cabers to the program. You're essentially running without a stock till January. GM of VVC country WSTU for Philadelphia. They've done a new lawsuit to come GM of WWWDBBFM. And on a course. And you want to buy that BVS stock. Are you out of your mind? WWWDB was like the Pioneer FN talk station in America. They're wonderful world of ballet banks. They tried twice the army. And actually did once where I was in Nashville for those famous two or a month in 1980. I heard me. I told the story about my moving band was taking my stuff to fill it. And they cast their convier to come back to the sky for a second place. I could have been a contender. I could have been in Philadelphia. They were that quarter of all of 80 billion people. I lived in the Northeast living and building people. And here I am eating out of me, you're living. The BVS, I'm talking. You don't buy that stock. If you want to buy zero, actually, if you want to get down under low 80 or something, maybe, but not do you, I'm telling you. It could easily hit three anytime seriously. Fire the whole staff. And the problem about without this stock is until January because it will keep the payware machine low. Don't have to worry about people not getting paid to WWDB because they don't have any employees to pay. Here's a model in Lake Worth. Hello. You know, it's so written on. Couple things. One way I'm going to be playing the Apple song. But I think the first thing I'm going to even are now with somebody who is used to live by me. And every day you send them to the stock about you know that Gora is there. And you know why Gora is there. And finally, we always see just sending stuff there. But all of this comes from churches. Oh, yeah. And we're just looking at the, and the last one I got the other day said that we have to get for a year and a year and a year. It's a pretty good job to do all the throw, well, we went. I mean, I think it's what they're trying to do. I should point out that and I've been there in the negligent doing this at Gora before he became this compassionate conservative. Wrag very loudly that he was the most anti-abortioned governor in the entire country. I think women ought to keep it in mind. Yeah, but the board is, what does he represent now? And right now, he represents the thing that we believe in. Not the repressive regime that the Bush might serve and all his buddies want to get their hand on. And the NRA is going to work right out of the White House. Yeah. No question about that. That wasn't a joke. That was real. Okay, three times today, pal, vote three times. River that's on by Tony Orlando. He'll have two times vote three times. All the aggro people today. Don't forget that big ass, Saturday, November 4th in the Sun Center. Can a Christian go for outdoor. Seven issues from a biblical perspective and they outline all their hate. All their hate. They don't hate the fooders, but they do hate the women and the doctors and the Fangs and Al Gore and anybody to the rest of the teledogan. This is just a beautiful, it's like a blueprint of extreme right-wing, phonetically religious and sanity in America today. And don't forget these are the people in bed with the Bush monster. These are the people who are just salivating. They've kept them in that semi-lock box there. You know, in the background, starting with a Republican convention, they kept them like in the Wings, Trent Watt. Mario Cuomo was, I don't care what I'm just saying. You know, I'm just a, is a right-wing fossil. He's pathetic. I was watching as long as I want to see MSNBC and all their poll moves. Very Cuomo and Jesse Ventura on Larry King last night was so sensational. And they had to move fossils on here like Alan Simpson and John Glenn. And that catage guy from Ohio just broke the hell out of me. And one of these couldn't get rid of him. But I'm telling you what a ticket that would be. Mario Cuomo and Jesse Ventura. And Mario agrees that American need to third party and so do I. But like just like Jesse said, a centrist party, not a far less party or far less wack or a party like Papukin, but a centrist popular as party. I can see it right now. Mario Cuomo and Jesse Ventura. Even Jesse Ventura and John McCain. Yeah. So many possibilities. And don't forget the other ad that was in the Harold on Sunday, full page ad. Have you ever heard a newborn baby in your arms? Have you ever seen the size of baby's feet at 10 weeks after conception? Well, here they are actual size. And it's got a little teeny tiny middle of what's mostly a blank page. A little teeny tiny pair of what look like baby drool of feet. Baby chimpanzee. Huh? Don't they those are look like no human I ever saw? Looks like an apple from here. You know something I think it is. I think it's a blimble will probably try to sell them then computers. That's what it is, or some other fruit. What we're going here and let's find out how the voting is going where you are. Okay, this is important to me. I want to find out if I'm getting overly an enthusiasm excited or not. Because like I said at the start, I'm I've been watching and listening and studying and it could be anything. It's all over the place could be anything. Including this crazy thing in California where the girl campaign decided, Oh, we got a wrap w won't spend one dime there. And now according to MSNBC, it's so close it's in jeopardy. They even had a much of them. These Canadian Alex Truby running around there. Here's a moment in Miami. Hello. Hey, hey, don't. Okay. I voted today. I voted for the glory of the North 20 geeks, my phone's right. Yeah. It's going pretty good. There's a lot of people there though. So it's going to be off. Okay. Better with busy, yeah. And it was yeah. We started this one. And that's about it. Hopefully the world will win. We got a shot man. Hey, I hope so. Okay, thanks. That's going. 560, 560, 560 on the 18T and Verizon Wireless One. 1474 votes on our poll. If you're voting, now we're at 1062, 72 percent. She double your 8th little on the 18% later 5% Happy can't 1.5% and a phony a bunch of votes for her. We don't buy 2.5% anybody believe in that? No. No. Probably got a few canmudgen's up. They're sitting there. You know, we're going for a hurry for a 5-brown. We're not buying that. And if you know something that's interesting because the 1% little over a 1.5% can and seems about right. From what we've been hearing in this state. The 5% for native scenes about right. Because if you look at the, what's the MSNBC poll? Ladies got 5 points in Florida. And he's got 5 in our poll over here. And of course the other part isn't going to be slightly entire state, but just maybe it does. We've been all it's my audience. But nevertheless, maybe it's a kind of reflection. Because a couple of weeks ago, the soft Florida poll, not mine, but the so-called scientific poll, it was 6132 for Gore. And ours is like 72 to 18. Which is certainly an exaggeration because we chased the lovers. Bush pussy's away unfortunately because they don't have. They don't have the ball to hear the real truth. Maybe they'll just not have a good ball. That's what you might be it. Get ready for the big celebration. Just like this celebration before the new Hampshire primary results came in. A premature evaluation. Gore scored if he asked me. Here's coconut growth. Oh, hi. Yes sir. I'm a Gore's for the next, I'm very confident. I went down the sea gorillas, nine on the beach. Right. And he started speaking at 1.16 a.m. There must have been a hundred thousand people there. They said it. Anywhere between 1680 nels. There must have been a hundred thousand or over. I heard there was about three million myself at the largest minute. It was a chance act and he gave a great speech. But it was just wonderful. That's late. That's late in the evening. And there were so many people there. And it was in right in the middle of the day, can I? Oh, my, maybe. I'm very confident. And a lot of those people were with his panics, were Cuban. There were lots of women there. Yeah. Very confident. And he gave a great speech. The best speech I've ever heard in the years. It's been very spontaneous. It was wonderful. And I'm very confident. The keeps keep you wonderful. And we're from the edge of the stage. I think that was right behind the ball. I'm not really. I think it was. I think it was. Yeah. I get nervous. Yeah. So anyway, I'm very confident. And I think we all should be. I think there's just enough people with just enough comments. I'm going to pull them through. I know he's going to win Florida. And I think he's going to win all those with all those who. Pants are they in Michigan. I can really good. Yeah. He's going to win up there too. I think he's going to get all the blue cow are all there. He's going to pull through. I'm very confident. Okay. Go vote again, pal. Thanks. Hey, well, somebody's 200 year old retirees that we got the poor workers. And God bless them. And I'll bless them. They're out there doing their civic duty. That's wonderful. But the median age is 142, at least by me. And if they hit any brains in this country and made election day and national holiday, all kinds of people grew without their work at the polls, including some people on the day of a hunt with, which might facilitate it a little bit better. 279-10-5-62m. And beat that get your knee. What's your face? I'm just a piece of shit. But what's your face? I'm just a piece of shit. Yeah. So it's for you, yeah. It's a piece of shit. So you're just a piece of shit. I'll win the rich oil cut. Better go get junkie. But keep going at the war, all that kids pay for it. He's on his own, but let's go. People go on a crazy, let's go for a few some with some stock. Oh. We can't find you, but she hit justice to pay. We're looking all over and it still ain't here. Hey, Georgie, do you wish you a happy, cheap boy? You want to find a good fight out. That you kids all have to a rubbish village kid. A pumpkin party. And you have to pay for possession of money. But I don't wish it's like you. You can hire a judge. You can donate cash, lander and a fish. And punch. For for you, yes, it is a piece of shit. For for you, yes, it is a piece of shit. For for you, yes, it is a piece of shit. For you, yes, it is a piece of shit. For for for you, yes, it is a piece of shit. For the piece of shit, so much, for for you. The piece of shit, yes, but for the story of the piece of shit. George, you can't pay for the piece of shit. For twenty-two or five, sixty-w to two. And here's a great letter from Maryland in COVID-19. She says, you know, I'll tell you a better gratitude. You saved me from getting three tickets. I was pulled over by the police for speeding my tag at expired. The cop came over when I rolled down the window, he asked me if I moved the street with the man at street and told him I wasn't sure when he put his head in the window, he heard Near Rogers on the radio. He asked me what you were talking about that day and I told it was about the election. He looked at me and said, okay, you can go but make sure you were received. Thank you Near Rogers. Thank you, Marilyn, for taking the time to write me in front of your wonderful studio. Huh? How do you like that? Some are good poker friends out there. There was a poker plantation there, I've brought a vote in there behind me here. Are you saying anything to me? No, and he didn't know me. There were a few of my people there this morning, which he's good because he reached there I was recognized. I got my little sticker there, which I stuck right on my newspaper here, a little round white sticker there to the vote. Year 2000 I did. I did. I did it. And it made me really feel kind of stupid and I haven't been voting all these other times. All of the other times we've been making a difference. This time it could make a difference. Because this time it's real close and now we us, we, you know, the really crowd out there, that's always you. There are things that can make you feel more important and better than a stupid football game. I realize that's about all you've had to hang on to for a long time, including like lately with her crumes and the dolphins and all that crap. But now here's something I think that maybe just a little bit more important, I'm going to stupid football game. And have a little bit greater impact on our lives and your kids and their kids and all a lot of this stuff. Here's a call from Tampa. Hello. Yeah, I'm a little bit nervous. I think they're well-bowing on the number of DUIs between Bush and Shani, they said they're sporean now. Yeah. I think they're well-bowing. Yeah. Anyway, the thing on the military, I don't know if there's been a side already, but the course budget is double, Bush's budget. Right, military. What would, what would life be, come up with more money for the military, but you just can't find other countries that we can be involved with, right? And find them on the map yet. Can't go to Haiti. But why don't you go back to Lebanon again? One of the reasons it's double is because Bush is skipping the next generation of weapons. This is not going to be a deal. We don't need them. Yeah, he wants the Star Wars thing again. Yeah, and by the way, up here in this area, the turnout is very heavy. Good. Is there some polls today that are- There's a general counties that are very good for us. Yeah, the shpartures are voting and drugs. Oh, right. I'm really proud of them. The women are voting. I'd say at least up in this area, two to one over the men. That's good. And I want to take credit for those, but it shows that if you like to see a abortion reclimitized, reclimitized, if you're for unrestrained, logging and drilling and for voluntary pollution control, and if you're if you favor a more soft money in politics, the choice today is clear, vote later. Right, amen. See ya. Okay, thanks. Yeah, Gloria Steinem was on my side on Fox. I was flipping all over the dial and she looked native in ass. And she pointed out something that a lot of us had forgotten. And that was that when he first started this green party run. When he first got the run, he made a pledge that he wasn't that a campaign and any state where it could hurt Gore, where was that close. And that all of a sudden he became like a wounded little child. And especially when the two parties got together and said the rules were good to bait. And the fact that he only had five percent and after feeding this qualified him and became anybody else from being in there, there was really rules. And it wasn't just the Democrats, other Republicans, they got together in the Senate. There's only an hour and a half of the debate each one. And as it was, we didn't hear a damn thing from either one of them. So if you put three people in there, what the hell will we have heard? Was for all got in because at one point he was telling over 30 percent 92. What do you do not? Yeah, 33 percent at one point. Scary, isn't it? Well, you got to roll up your sleeves and do do do. Let's have the hood knee injured. The stock those old studies that they didn't even sit in a raffle ears, that's not all. Or up the state and do do do. You see, the fact that that man could get 19 percent of the popular vote. Talking ridiculous, generally. It's was in number one, there were a lot of dumb people, but also number two, how desperately the American public really is for an alternative. That's the one thing that you should venture into in the real both got right on target on King Last night. And that is that this country is desperate for third party, not Ralph Mader and his mouth contains over the way up there in the fringe of the fallout, not those people. They're talking cocka. A centrist popular is probably that makes sense. And just like Jesse Ventura said, he said, the one thing that you got 114, he's a social, liberal and a fiscal conservative. That's where it's at. And like you said, that's where most of the American people are. After American public does not have to go at them government inside of women's rooms and inside of their bedrooms and they're telling them what to do in their personal lives. They're not interested in that. They don't want to live in a fashion, God damn policate. And they also don't want the government question how money down the toilet. Like it's come out of our foster somewhere. Very school conservative social liberal. Jesse Ventura. A German. Now somebody sent me a ridiculous fashion. They said, oh, you should be ashamed of you if you're not right in Jesse Ventura. He said, if you're just a million of us could right there and you know what that would be a million waste is votes. First of all, he's not one and that's number one and number two well we're the one with the point B. Another million waste is votes. But after we key after we protect the America from the right way we want to take some this election hopefully and as a chance that could happen then is the time immediately to sell work on a meaningful third party. Can you imagine what just even character done to this election can you even begin to imagine. 22 before 11 in 5, 50 WQX. The Neo Roger show, sports radio, 5, 60. A man America loves to watch, bobs and butts and boinking. Two full hours of the hottest talk on radio. The doctor is him. My doctor disco, my name is Mary and I'm a third 10 caller. Hello Mary and how may I help you? Well I feel marijuana. My son is real. You mean, don't make fortune and I'm concerned. You should be concerned. Are you masturbating? No. How would that help? Man masturbating, calling me in a couple of weeks, it will help. Trust me on that. Hello you're on the A with Dr. Viscale. Hi, I Dr. Visco. Yes it is. You have my injury. I talked to you a while ago. I am with seven from financial problems with my business. It was about to go under. And how are things going now to business? I just got there, you know, I started masturbating and business is going great. It's really picking up. Well, I just wanted to thank you. To Riffy, you keep masturbating things will grow well. Hello you're on the doctor Visco. We give it new. 1042 and five 60 WQA and don't forget the best of the LCDs and cassette. Our specs all over town also over Naples and four miles they brought in Palm Beach. And you can also get the CD's cassette and those great key chains. We have a key chain around here somewhere. God damn it this thing. I WQM.com on your watches.com on our website. And also by calling Miguel at 305 65 or 156. Did they do anything if that's the deal I said or I guess we're just not finding out anymore. How we used to have in the old days the big grease board with the number changing and all of those things stop living with them. All that right. Well, I don't have to use it even anyway. And I guess that's no secret anymore. Plus Miguel, here's Visco. Here's a motor on Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. Yes sir. I voted Democrat and go go. But the melody was a little confusing. If you looked at the left side of the page, you had a portion more on the right side of the page. You had a Buchanan. And if you didn't read it right, you could have voted for Buchanan by mistake. Oh boy. I stayed on the left if you know what I mean. Yeah, but on the middle of where you had the voting, you had where you punch. The third one down is Gorg. But if you accidentally punch the second ballad thing, you had to go to form a Buchanan. But anyway, go go. Or when I hope we win. And now let's see you and where you're in Bokeh. Yeah. And how was the turnout there? I was 10th in line when I voted early just wanted. Yeah. And there was four lines and there was at least 50 people in the age 20 after seven. Excellent. Okay. Thanks a lot. Nice job. 1500 12 votes and I'll pull under some of these things up here. Okay. And then tomorrow we'll see just how it all turned out. Maybe we'll see. Because that business in California. They a critical state and another issue that has sort of been thrown into this entire race of the years. But about 2.2 million absentee voters this particular year. That's about a million more than the last election. So even though election might be there and that's tonight we may not know the results of what will happen here in California, at least for another day or so. Yeah. Yeah. Machine Oregon. 5 670 560, pound 560 on it. Would that be something to put here like a banana boat republic waiting for days and days in days on end, while they're like counting and making a few of them getting a few dead people above. Don't worry about that. We got some concerns in Chicago and in Miami. We know how to get the dead people out of here. Here's a mobile and broken. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Listen, I'm wanted to report. I was in Palm Beach, Jordan. There was at least 50 50 people in there and I was hard to find a parking space. Great. So that's good. And then I headed down the bokeh today and there's a skyrider up over Boko right now and he he's wrote several things but the very first thing that you wrote and you can still see it if you're in this area was vote GW. Okay. Yeah. Follow me. Yeah. Well there must be high winds or something because the W transformed itself into almost a perfectly shaped swathica. How do you like that? Maybe me. Oh god is looking down. Maybe it's still God. Uh huh. Just remember vote George Fox. Okay. All right. Thanks to the good news. Here's the fact from Sean and White House progress as we should bring my brother was diagnosed with a brain tumor. Come to find out that are you 486 the abortion pills are treatment for tumors. If Bush gets in he's about to be purely a proble of this drug preventing many sick people from receiving this very important medication. How do you like that? Which we don't like that. And don't come to me as short of the answer. Bush hasn't said that he would be able to get started to quit the kid and do it with the base because that's one of his famous things. He tells the right wing of a lawyer that's what they want here and then it comes out because of the public and I'm not saying that all politicians don't do that because go and leave or then go through that through a certain extent to especially with big business but the fact is that we're not talking just about business there. We're talking about human life. We're talking about freedom. That's what we're talking about. Just like a crap about abortion now instead of being the most anti-abortion governor in the country now he knows it out is well we have to there's a big difference that will pin you we have to change a lot of minds. We have to make you an offer that you can't refuse. And these people are there anybody out there got a daughter besides George. So you married women that don't seem very worked up about that issue because I guess you assume that you're not going to get pregnant again. You're assuming not going to get raped because keeping mind that the constitutional amendment that they are in favor of. That Bush and his colonies are promoting. Would prohibit any abortion. Whether it has to do with life of the mother, incest, rape, make no difference. They love the fetus. They want that thing. I don't know what they're going to do with it but they want that fetus. What if a sentence they say that's a message from God and even more they want that. They make them remove the limit. They make some good cash. Hey, what's very important is that always looking for another way to make a few bucks. I'm just just going to ask. Here's a mobile and baby. Hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? I'm doing good. Listen, I don't get to listen to you as much as I want you. But the last time I listened to you there was a guy calling up and saying he was voting for Bush because he liked the estate tax and what it was going to do for him. This guy is the dope and so Bush. It will not affect him at all. Everybody should know it's only going to affect two percent of the people. The Joe Robby's are the world. And even taking that into consideration. And he wants some to let off the right. Yeah, right. And even taking that into consideration, it's not going to go into effect until 2010. That's when it's going to be 100 percent implemented in 2010. And he is the notion that it's going to help the average person is crazy. So let's push to take an example. You go ahead and you buy, I don't know if I should bring this up, you buy Citrix at 50. Yeah, you but well, I have Citrix too. You buy Citrix at 100. You die when it's at 100. You want to, I'm dying when you've got to put a coin out of the coin. You die when it's at 100 and your air is inherited at 100. They sell at 110. Right now, they will pay the difference between 100 and 110. Under the Bush's program, your air is going to pay taxes from 50. And he's a liar. He is such a liar. The only people is going to help is the people like Joe Robby's right where they wouldn't have to sell their asset. He's just the liar that is taking the consideration about he was got caught for DUI. So whatever that was 20 years ago, 30 years ago, he's attacking Clinton for not being truthful. You guys are liar. Yeah, well, 9 and how come I'd like to know how come it is that this last disappeared year of his military service. Nobody in the media really wants to talk about them. It's some kind of real reference in some of the medical couple of comments about the Boston World War, which is a big thumb page story. But again, he gets off the hook. I just don't understand the prepass that the media have been given him. I think he's a bum and I hope that he doesn't get a lesson. No, go vote again. Thanks a lot. Thanks a lot. You know, they're just like yesterday. They had that story from Wisconsin from walking. You see that story about the, and the first day did not identify who was. The girl people, the Democrats are growing and getting the homeless people and buying their votes with cigarettes. What come to find out there was a woman from New York City who was a big rock contributor. She gave a hundred and fifty away for the campaign. That carried away. They had no idea she's going to show up in Wisconsin. I don't know what she was doing here. And she was going to run through a homeless show. They're offering Clinton's a cigarettes if she could get these people out there to vote for Gore. So that every time some wacko individual goes off a deep end, if it doesn't happen on all sides, which of course it does. But every time something happens, oh, it's a little bit of credit dirty. Fixed again. It's, you know, just like the thing would be, do you lie? How they turned that around? And the question wasn't who we did or the timing of it. The question is, it wasn't true. Did you cover it up and did you lie about it? And I've still also done what I'm going to say, how come the interview with the guy from the Dallas morning news lane slater? How come we haven't heard much more about that? Every time I'll go in the last three months, every time you fart with it's the wrong rule mark. Oh my god, the media, they're on the phone. But the white house, they want to know what he had for breakfast, something's rotten in Denmark, something's rotten in his ear. Piss me. Yeah. But this tough one, guy, it's unbelievable. Vanished in the National Guard last year and no other. What is, and his rough throw on, they're talking about military service. That little BDI took the last week. Guy had a great line about who's listening to a boss throw. He said, nobody's listening to him anymore said, maybe Larry King. Oh yeah. He's got his head so far up, everybody's ready. Anybody who come out at your own circle out with him, he's got his head up the ramp. If he ever could come back to life, Larry'd be in there. He might ask him a tough question into all the way down it. Nice mustache. 560, 5056, the pump 560 on the 183. And for lines of wireless line. Let's talk to each other. How are you doing Neil? I'm doing great. You know, truth once again, that all these queues are here and what's on me can all around or they're over there. Miami never under estimate the power of the Nile. The truth is right in front of faces and they don't want to see it. I got family members. I'm telling them, you see what's going on. Do you know what's going on? They don't care. Like, ah, they're just making all that up. Yeah. Yeah. Right. And Bob goes a hand model. Everything they can. He got damn fast. All that else. I'm going to go and go for go about four five different times. Now I heard that no, Bob goes now a penis model. He's like, you're that penis model. Yeah. He's going to be for an after it. Oh, god. The upper thought. Good luck found five. Okay. Give us a helping hand. 560, 5056, the pump 560 on the 183. For lines of my words, five out just how they're like, I'm telling it. Look, it looks like we're going to have a massive turnout. gigantic, you mongers. What is the really journey? Any. We hope you will get well. We'll just get out of our face. Go away. Go stand and tie time school a little bit more. We'll clean up new you are in the baton or a younger West famous. Hey, I'm going to tell you, Bob, I'm going to tell you, Bob, I'm going to show you what we've seen as a million times on an NBC this morning. Last night during the King hour, they headed a bus for a couple of minutes. So we're talking about the fact that Bob was a 62% job approval rating. Strawer is popular. And despite the fact about the character that Paul Aulah, he's still tremendously popular on a personal basis. And so they were they were talking about the idea that if he career run for a third term, that he'd be elected again. And John Glenn said that he would be Alan Simpson to be cared Republican senator from Wyoming said, yes, he agrees. Very Oklahoma said there's no question about it. And where he said, I'm just going to show you. Yeah, just like Adam said. So for all of button lockers out there and all of the niceies, no these people are all still better to shape over Monica. In fact, that they couldn't nail or ZAS for a few gold jobs, yes, what, the American people loves better. They love him. And rightfully so. Here's the leading for waterdale, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. I'm sure you're aware that everybody in Washington state normally and those male ones. Right. That's when you do that now. And I'm not surprised to see some California doing it. But I'm surprised that I voted that some came and I can't understand why I've practically everybody does since because you don't have to be a reason anymore. You just call up the supervisor of elections. You want to know if you can be dollars for any election. Right. And you can fill it out at your link here and send it back in. You don't have to go standing alone. I had more fun going because I haven't voted in so long. I can't remember the last time I did so I just didn't do a go on this morning, giving more of a feel of really burning running. Yes, if you have the link you're just doing that, a lot of people don't because they don't vote because they say whatever you know, it's too hard to do. Yeah, I don't know. You say, I had the lead you. I got up at five thirty this morning. I was there a quarter or seven fifteen minutes before they started opening the poll. So, yeah, I mean, you didn't have to go at that particular time. You could have gone after your work or whatever. That's true. That's what I mean. There's an experiment that you had the lead you to do it when you felt like it. Right. But you can do it for entertainment. But a lot of people, you know, Jones is, you know, because one thing or another, they're figuring on the Oregon and Washington that they should have at least 80 percent. And you know, Arizona's then experimenting with the local elections that's doing the voting on the Internet. And it's very, very self-desert. Yeah, but I don't like that idea. There's too many computer hackers out there. There's too many wise guys that will find a way that breaks you. The internet is still too much in the consistency of the trust that for us. Eventually. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, so you're not having a great day. You could have died. 10 to three six to five six to WCW. We got married my wipes laid da boo-ahhigh th beans that has hunted by the kings ofExsellways that he managed toга for. It's my wife. I know she's said to others, she supports his act high, not I've done it's just something I want to buy. It's five lives when she sits around on our house. We're just somewhere or not out to see it. It's just something I want to buy. It's five lives. Why? 11.02 or five 60. Every two of them we got Hank in the building with it too. I guarantee Hank's vote in seven or eight times to board a day. That's the room I'm hearing. Hank with Robert Jones, five or six if I got the R&T. Robert Jones, he did vote for Gore. I want to say that. I would think so. Although of course, Bush Davis, he's a good old peck. He's a good old peck. But he's not there pushing the bush. Look, John Bush, six if I've not done it. Do we have any idea who Berg is voting for? Huh? Never, uh, kind of any political conversation with him. He may be pretty bright guy. I would assume he's voting for Gore. Ed Cameron, 10 o'clock tonight at 8k. He's voting for Gore. Yeah. Last time I heard. And the good news is, Joe World is that little girl on the morning show he's not voting at all. Last we heard he was going to be too loud before for being, you know, coming out of the closet voting for Gore on the year. And how come you doing that? And Gauden was right there. I got to say Gauden actually had his head. I had a Bifors ass this morning. He's opportunity. The little girl Joe World is who ordinarily you know it got there in vote for Bush. He didn't vote because he didn't put him in a lock box. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the pound 5, 6, you on the AP and P and rise and where I was lying. Mobile on sunrise. Hello. Yeah, no? Yes sir. Hey, uh, little funny story this morning. My life went to the polls and our neighbor was there and she was a Republican. And she'd mentioned to my wife while I was standing online that she'd received an asking to keep out from the depth of while, uh, to sell out and send in. So when she got up to the old lady to a check in her head, they wouldn't let her vote or they ever marked down that same scene. She said that she didn't request an asking to do that. She just got, she said that all of her Republicans got one from the judge sir. So that makes funny why there's so many asking to do that. That's for Republicans and maybe some people are just dealing with that. That's the morning and we just got to not let them go that before in place. Because they had a Marko that's in the seat. Uh huh. Okay. Thank you. All right. I will get back. And back to you. Here's the fact this is I agree with you. Salute or down the representsumi. It doesn't go to Where these crimes did pull over, if you 100 in the engineers would think that we might not let this in for one year and he had to challenge the existing billion population on the 27th. Uh oh. Uh. When they exchanged their names, and I think that's it. And honey what happened to that guy right there when the people were waiting for herself in these houses, somebody to drink some home of the scubaying. says, wait to go fat ass rosy. I've got fat ass rosy and let that chuck has been happening again too while you're at it. Yeah, wait can you hear this George? Here's the final CBS pool. Bush 44. 445. That's their final nationwide pool. Now anybody who can't see the rate of the pendulum has been swinging over the weekend as last couple of days. Very slowly, very suddenly maybe that DWR. Maybe that had something to do with it. Maybe not possibly not. Maybe the fact that a lot of those independent democratic leaving voters decided to come home. They took a look at the dumb eye that the author to the dumb, dumb, altered the dumb dumb. And it said, now we don't think so. And of course, definitely something to the native people who said, I'm not going to waste my birthday time. If we believe in native, we believe in a green party. Let's work on it after this election because he's not going to win right now. And there's a lot of work to be done. But we're not going to be a participant in helping to elect someone who is diametrically opposed to everything that we stand through from the environment to individual freedoms to you name it. Not to mention of course, he's a Ken ship with everybody in big business from the back of companies to the pharmaceuticals and the guy they more companies and insurance companies and on and on a close and endless worst. Because that's faces, does anybody with a brain say, hey, let's just make it voluntary to comply with those EPA standards. Yeah, yeah, yeah, they'll do the right thing and how come I can't see anybody that I'm talking to are all of the pollution here? I understand in fact that the good thing is to be one that wasn't in a thing in Houston, that won't have an air. Big bash. Well, I recently did the nothing close to putting with everybody else could nobody could have seen the damn thing. Final studio is per bush 40 four and four or 45. It's enough to make you start salivating. Here's Kate Cole, hello. I know. Yes sir. Yes sir, I'm all right. I'll take the wife and my child comes to vote and I'll just morning and it was around eight thirty or so but there was nobody there and anyone that was there was just about over sixty a day. So that's good. We were able to figure out but if we're working on the state then I think we need some help from everyone else except the West Coast over here. Right, Kate Cole, the fact that people aren't voting you take call us a sensational sign. That's the best news I heard already here. If we're on your own vote because we're here and all. Keep it in a lock box pal. Yeah, I'm just over here holding that for two thousand four. Hopefully you just see the body of it. There you go. He's got my vote. And then he's having a vote. All right. Thanks. Kate Cole, they're not voting. Kate Cole, let's hear it. That's some more good news. Everything seems to be falling in the place. And don't get sucked in by this propaganda that they are right wingers keep spreading about. Wow, get out of the Republicans every the energized and there's a one that they'll really turn out. That's what I said that. That's a polycraft. They don't want to big turn out. No, and not a what kind of garbage they'll pedal to you. They don't want to big turn out. They're terrified of it. Especially women and jerky. That's what they're really worried about. You don't folks out there. Here's a chance to flex your muscle baby. You don't want to bunch of right wing lunatic judges in there. If you don't want to have whatever progress you believe in turn back twenty thirty years which you can look for at this point or any point, then please get off your dead ass. Just general, hope what you were enables in, you know, in that's what I've been trying to do a little round for, uh, Karola and just get on down there. Get over there. Do it. CBS pull. It's unbelievable. Because there are every other pull, every single other pull had been including the MSNBC had been there for Bush the last 10 days. Until he's last couple of days and now that pendulum is starting to hate, and when that be a shame if people were like celebrating prematurely in New Hampshire back in Republican primary, they'd ask them to themselves again by a little premature evaluation once more. I miss his honor this morning saying, well, see, they must be really confident. I'm here to Bush people on their, uh, thanking people already. Gore's sweat and his brains out and the pitch and provoked and Gore's are and the Bush is on his thanking people. Yeah, it's taken a lot like you, I'm a 500 year old man in the chair. Yeah, dead man in the chair. Who's been pumping his audience to their for Hillary, so they have some good material to talk about, but not the next six years, but admits that he couldn't do it this morning couldn't pull the trigger. Because his building placed the booth was broken down to the head of him, my paper ballots and he had to fill in little a clay or a thing. And he was circle. Sure. And he couldn't do it for Hillary. So he put it for Lazio. And I'll say it again. As much as it does really affect us, it affects the entire US Senate. And of course, really a head by 19 points in the state of the York, what kind of chance could Lazio possibly have even as many people are despised or like poison? I think they bring the bunch of Arabs from a newborn. Nine minutes after a lot of the five 60 WQL. Hello, child and coming. Oh, yeah. Everybody take in a friend who now. No, no, maybe take a girl for a show. If this was him inside of the making you feel now. No, no, maybe take a girl for a show. No, not a baby, but who we did it to you. You just want one of me. If the chicken grew to come out, come out. Take the pillow, so you can't leave. I'm 14. That's five 60 WQL. Thanks to the birthday cards by the way. Thanks to Kevin who sent me birthday facts, Kevin has the actual computer cable in. You know, as you're going to your polling place today, I sure hope that all of you do if you can. Just ask yourself one person request and you really want somebody to do this stupid to be your president. Here's some more great bushers and these are our documented with dates, locations. Redwood California September 27th this year. He says I will have a forehand and foreign policy. Second, I'll miss you in September 29th. I know the human being in fish can curge this peacefully. On gross tax planning, greens were an North Carolina October 10th. He says it's going to be clear, numerous IRA agents. He says, I mean there needs to be a wholesale effort against racial profiling, which is a little bit children in a second presidential debate. Los Angeles September 27th he said one of the common denominators I have found is that expectations rise above that which is expected. Beaverton Oregon September 25th he said it is clear our nation is relied upon big foreign oil. More and more of our influence come from overseas. Yeah. Yeah. It must be I'm going to make sure I got the right page. This is too good to pass up on this one. Here it is. He says, we cannot let terrorists and rogue nations hold their nation hostile or hold our allies hostile. And you and all boys down to, eee! He's a moron. That's what it for us now. So he is one of the dumbest people ever to be in a position of running for the president. Keep in mind, I'm talking about running for president and having a chance to win. Gerald Furo wasn't arrested. He was appointed. I beg you pardon? Okay, here you go. And then he was defeated by a totally in-depth man named Jimmy Carter in 76 which was a tragedy, but that shows you how stupid Gerald Furo was. Couldn't walk into gummester at the same time. I don't think this guy can just find a way to stick to gum. You know what I'm talking about? Back though, yeah. Put on the map it. I think the question is, can he drink and chew gummester at the same time? Here's core gables, hello. Yes sir. You're reading things on the air that you don't know whether it's true or not. What does that mean? There are documented with put on your head. You're not somebody that have a little thing on the bottom and just take their work for it. Who's Dr. Man? Yeah, I just made them all up. I'm okay, but we're not sure where it is, pal. We just made, they just made these up. I've heard many of them in my shop and I've also seen them show the clips of them honoring the words myself. Just like that crap about next thing that we've done in social security. Oh no, he says, these social security because of these social security is a federal government. They want you to believe these social security is a federal program. The man is a little extra. He's a dumb boy. This isn't something that people are making up. These are the actual words that came from his mouth. As amazing as it is, it's astonishing and hard to do this to believe. And somebody tried to tell George, who's just told me that before we went on vacation, somebody called off the other tongue, that I should stop reading these because these are then queer quotes. I hope they can use you. Number one, these quotes are all dated and documented this to where and when they were made. And number two, Dan Quayel was a rocket scientist and buried a bush guy. And that's scary. Dan Quayel was a moron and he was a rocket scientist compared to them. So if you don't want to believe it, go right out there and hold for somebody that's better than you are, then it'll make you feel better than yourself. Some of you really want to clip the make decisions about the peace and foreign policy, and about the economics. Not. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes sir. I was at my precinct earlier, very heavy democratic precinct, tax of arrest. Great. One thing I did notice, the boys cast on the Christian coalition, there's aggravating the gaze. Really? They are trying to reveal the date count of human rights. And they are willing to use one of the guy's ever there said, well, you support the gay rights, they're showing the boy's cap. They're the one who are trying to use the following back to the other language. I signed this to preserve equal rights for gay. Sign this to preserve equal rights for gays. Yeah, so basically, you know, they're going back to the special rights thing. Uh-huh. Or to preserve equal rights in. Yeah. And I think that's the biggest sign is to be, you know, totally dishonest. They're trying to lure people in because they can't get most people to sign that crap. That would be a problem last time. And I think that's the other thing. Oh, one of my friends, they were really harassing the C. They said that C. doing some volunteer work for the organization that's fighting them. And they call them every name in the book. You're gay. Yeah. They got the E.X. actually had to believe out there a couple of times. Well, like I said, those are those great good Christians man. The most evil people in America. Those those wonderful evangelical Christians. Those wing nuts. And unfortunately, we're going to have one of them as far as I've been. I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't think so. I hope so with you because I'm one of them. I'm like you. I'm one of your fellow clears. Yeah. So it's like I am here. So I got my passport ready. I'm ready to socialean no Canada. Okay. Screws the tight bow. Okay. Now I'll see you in Toronto. See you on church three day. 560, 50, 50, 50, pound, five 60 on the AT&T and July's the marvelous one. After dropping my kid off here's Marlene in the Pemper Pines and me effects. And if you're dropping my kid off at their elementary school, I drove to my election place. Well, I see you on middle school and Pemper Pines. I went in line for now. I was in the chance of the middle school students. Well, girl, vocal and I did. I scored Marlene. Hey, look there. I'll tear it for Pemper Pines and middle school. Well, we'll see young middle school. Whatever the hell I did. Now, see who can hearing what's been play disturbing the me as these poles. They take a the kid. There was the one on Nickelodeon. And there was the other nationwide one. They have a block a minute and a half kids who voted on it. Because you read these are kids from the grades one to 12. And usually you assume the kids both the way their parents are brainwars. And they're brainwars to be doing. And Bush won those poles overwhelmingly. One of them was like over 62% like 62% and he says something like that. And if that crosses the case, then we don't even have a close race. If we're supposed to believe that. Do I believe it? No, no, because there's that particular belief, whatever you want to believe. And this is the kind of election where you can believe whatever you want to believe. You can believe it's going to be a landslide for Bush. You can believe that the goal is going to pull on. You can believe that it's going to be like ways of central three in the morning or maybe the next day. And any of these things, all these things are possibility because nobody knows. Nobody knows the trouble we see. Here's coconut cream. Come on. Yeah, sure. I thought two things that I wanted to meet to Schmidt myself. Okay. The skylighter said, well, God vote for us. And then a bumper sticker that said, God, gun, country, bush 2000. What can you say that beside Yahoo. Yahoo and. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Okay. Thanks, pal. Yeah. God, gun, country, bush. You know what that inspires me to play. Which I think fits right in. Hi. I met you for a few games. We have a larger selection of foods and farms in the state. And we'll personally assist you in choosing a fruit and alcoholic beverage and weapons for your next 30. Go and learn a lot. And you'll love our little practice on schnapps and hangry nates. Look at the city. Check out our CEO on hands on the telephone to one. Maybe you are an interested in not north of defense. Maybe you just like to get drunk and shoot a mailbox. Well, we've got down, jabs, wild turkey and 44 magnum shells on sale. It's week only. We'll be 24 hours. We've never checked out these. And where are you? Approved. So come on down to view for days or the children and guns for everything we've loaded. Okay. How you doing, George? Twenty two after all in the five sixty wq and hanklberg it too with Robert Jones. The five bushabies six eddy k at ten. Nice playing a lot up there. Borgens to mess it up here today. No panter games. See that big tray. Oh, Greg Adams just turned 120 to two years old. And team up with up there with equally very very honest. We may not be the best but we're working to get to be the oldest. Nice going, Murray boys. I'll say to somebody yesterday be a great idea to be talking about getting Valerie Brey, Pavel's brother from Calgary. I actually let's trade the Murrays for the breweries. That's what I say. What do you say? Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Yes sir. Oh, you're how you doing? All right. I just woke up just loaded over in Shanghai there. I got to debut at freaking 492 and there's about 50, 50 people in line. And like I said, they was all told me the way I go to the boat at our conscious. Our country re-boded for a bush because we're sick of being there. They become homeowners and that's there. And then the fourth piece is not there. So I just say all the way with bushabies and 1000. Okay, baby, come home on. Okay, thanks. Here's one of your good bush people right there. See, and they think that by doing that, that that's going to help their cost. Every time we get a call just like that, it helps to grow people. Because again, it pops right in your mind if you're in your car listening right now. Make you run away to vote. This is what they're all about. The peddlers of hate and intolerance. If you're not just like them, if you're not one of those people hanging out of a few for some literally in guns, just like them, see, and first you start to have by talent, if you can sunrise. And then it says, baby, I guess it's baby. Well, she doesn't even know where to held a year. Do we believe anything you said? Oh, post it for us. He tells us that everybody else there was vote in the shirt. But he must see one thing you're noticing in the polling place. My guess that I haven't voted for years is that they had the little booth. You're going to know you put your car on the way. I think there you stick the word where it got the two little buttons. And you're your punch. Nobody stands over your shoulder. Nobody can see what you're doing. Nobody is asking and telling and nothing like that. They all respect the fact that if they're private thing and do your thing, and everybody just doesn't understand how you're doing. That's it. Hello. Goodbye. Almost a thousand years back. Not quite. Here's a mobile and right. Hello. Hi there, Neil. Hi, I'm Ariad. Great. It's been such a long time since we got a new verbal intercourse of men. I wanted to talk to you about a couple of organizations that are on the Internet, talentwops.org. And I picked up yours, realshames.org. I could not believe all the stuff on the on-w-a-m-d-m. I'm not only unbelievable, but it was hysterical atop. Right. I wanted to total utter more on the sky. There's another issue that no one I've heard discussed. And that's the silver auto in the savings and loan stand. With the jump bonds. That was also a Georgie W. Of which he never spent that day in jail or a day in court over. I got a couple of friends in mind that are retirees up in Boyd and Beach. They have no pension because of W. Because of the savings and loans can help you real about back in the same. Yeah, and our members brother Neil was up to it up with your legs too. Yeah, there wasn't a lot of mention that during the last political campaign. The way the voters were turning on the West and the Sworny, a lot of women out there voting. Good. Pretty good turnout. You didn't see too many women in plant-based makers this morning. A lot of men. The surprising. Yeah. The other interesting thing about ballotwatch.org. All the referendum and all the issues that were supposed to be voting on in the book today about you have a bullet train and all the other nonsense. Oh, I'm glad you mentioned that just say, for the board train. I voted against that. Yeah, I voted everything else down because not only was it confusing a lot of legal double-talking nonsense, but when I locked on the ballotwatch.org, we couldn't find a lot of information about where they were supposed to be getting the money who was going to be appropriate. They had no idea that that's why it's ludicrous. It's behind the sky. They haven't even told anybody where they're planning and getting the money. It's just nonsense. Well, I've not only about the bullet train, but the other issues as well. Yeah. Anyway, it's too bad. I've been trying to get all of you for a couple days. I wanted to know if you could spend any time because a lot of the people that listen to you show, I mean, I'm glad that they're listening. I'm glad a lot of them are going to go out and vote down the credit. But a lot of them just don't have the sense to read through what is the real bottom line and all those issues. For example, that you said that the bullet train. A lot of people thought, oh, it sounds like a good idea to think of a bullet train or the parks. Where are they going to get the money for the $4 million in parks? Is it a federal program? Is it a county program? Is it a state program? We don't have a tax and Florida right now. I'm not. It's fine. I don't want one. You know, I don't want to hear that if it's temporary because once the federal government gets a chance to really take your money, they'll take it and take it and you'll never get it back. Okay. Got a one. Thanks. Thanks, buddy. 27 after 11 at a time, 60 WKM. The Neil Roger show sports radio, 560. You. A man. And one of those now, too, you're closing statements, Governor Bush's first. Thank you, Jim. What I care about is failure. And you know what? It can happen in America with a right can of leadership. Surely this nation can come together to encourage doctors to take the lives of our seniors. Can I come in on that? I would sign a law banning banning that procedure. If I'm entrusted with a presidency, here are the choices that I will make. I'll cut health care for scripture drug education and national defense. Put our blood into deficit. Raise interest rate. I can't let the man continue. I believe that a governor Bush is a national ass. All right. But. That's just totally. What? It's just totally false. I understand up here and say that. I can't let the governor Bush. I'm a president and go. Thank you. I'm a 32 and as another guy that really hurt the cause to is that Jim Lerao. Those are marshmallow questions. And that's where debate where he couldn't find one question about abortion or almost anything else was substance. And just kept rehashing the same crap about the tax cut and social security. And then the one far to that got up there and asked Bush or your proud of executing all of the people. Anyway, public galerites again were getting back to the military service that last missing year. He says in his book is our children learning. He says, I don't believe Bush. Come a skeptical, but I'm going with the word of a retired general. And I'm just guessing that a retired general from Alabama is not a raping leftist. A couple of kernels and hundreds of pages of records. Would be exception of Bush's implausible denial of the record here is quite clear. Bush avoided going to be at Nombus, securing their coveted spot in the Texas air national guard. While stationed texts will seek performed hazardous duty honorably. But when he requested and received this transferred Alabama, he did little or nothing before fill his duty. The fact that he was honorably discharged really means that he got away with it. Back in a second world war, a little private from Detroit didn't show up for duty. His father was not a powerful congressman, and his grandfather was not an ascender. His family did not have a majestic mansion in the surpound of cliffs of kid-abund fort-main. Private Eddie Slovak, deserted and Eddie Slovak, was shot by a firing squad. First, proving was more of the enduring lesson of W's life. It's good to be a Bush. I'm not accusing Bush of desertion mind youth. He was not on active duty, much less in combat. But it's pretty clear that the man who pacificates about how when he takes the oath of officers of president so we still honor our dignity of the president to see that not four pillars of officers are first lieutenant in the Texas Air National Guard. Let me say it again for any doubting promises. He didn't show up for his life during Alabama. There isn't one person that they can find who can document him being there for one solidly second. So here's a guy who admits to being a drinker and corouser with drunk until he was 40 years old. And keep in mind that they beat WI that was 24 years ago. That didn't stop the drinker. We don't have any other episodes because he won't tell us. Admitted to being a drunk and a corouser till he was 40 years old, skipped out on his last year in the National Guard. And here's a man who's going to restore more honor with dignity of the White House because of the fact that he found Jesus. I don't think so. Here's a lady in four waterdale, hello. Yes, man. My husband and I just sit back and bowled in. We both bowed in the state Democratic Ticket. Great. And in the period of point of spending, that's what we both. But the thing I want to say, if Bushland, I'm going to steal this fight that's now when OJ, the killer, was a crazy. You remember that day? Yeah. Boy. So that thing goes from the wind. I thank you. Okay, I have a great day. Thank you. 560, 560, Pond 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. 890. Okay. Hey, well, I'm calling to look, you know, I've been driving around in most of the Black area. Quick pre-think. And I'm going to tell you the voter turnout is extremely heavy. Very good. It is absolutely high. And everyone I speak to is very enthusiastic about it. It is more than the do-have on this time around than I've ever seen it. And it shows by the amount of people that are showing up at the polls this morning. I mean, it's huge, long lines, and people are getting out. They are getting off the butt and voting this time around. But what I'm not only called about is to say that, it seems to be a fact. What's called this is the fact that there's something about George Bush that just doesn't resign. I mean, the thing that there's a protective shield around him and that the media for some unknown reason don't want to penetrate this shield to let the Americans know what this guy is all about. And it seems to be, I can't touch it. I can't, I'm working at it. I see it there, but I can't quite put my finger on it as to what it is. Now, get your fine pan and try to scratch that test line and see if it's not anything to do. Oh, one more thing. Hey, now, he says that, oh, it is that drinking problem there. That he's a changed man. But how many people who are on his death row in Texas, that the three would change people and people, he could not wait any longer. No, that doesn't count. Now, I will now go call it to know that the black folks are out and they are voting. Excellent news. The other name wasn't Bush as people on that row. That was the problem. They were here the burning bush. 560, 550, palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Here's cover, Wade. Tell us. Hi, Dave. Yes, sir. So, what have you been against the death penalty on this path? What? You may get a sound like you're against the death penalty. I'm against executing people. Now, we are not a one-way retarded. I'm against executing people who are 30, fought through the trial of the public defenders. I'm against executing people really nearly so to speak. Just like they were a public and governor of Illinois. Okay. Now, I'm voting for NATO, but I'm going to tell you why Bush is going to win the election. Because the medical public is sick of the Army's sending celebrities to the country. We're out of touch with us telling us what we should do. I'm sending celebrities. I like the ones that I've been there for. Who are they all on there for NATO? Those don't count. And now, with my petty Smith, how about all the other celebrities that were up there for our Canadian law to win? They're not going to have a war down here. There's a whole state of them. How about so down in New York? I think you got to remember on here. I've been. So, God of you is not one of the senior pop culture studies right now. Pop culture celebrities. So, other was it makes a difference why error that comes from is that what it is? Okay. One more point is. What is still down here if he wasn't an entertainer? What was he? Oh, come on. Who knows? Who knows? Still down here. I mean, I think that's the thing. What is going to vote if you don't know who's building who is he should be? I know who he is. I know who he is. So, nobody is talking about. I'm also going to vote. Anybody who's a celebrity that's regora Bush is bad. And anybody who's a celebrity who's for NATO is good. That's what you have to say. I just know it's the last week. You said all the polter wrong. I say all the polter right. I didn't say that all. Did I say several times that anything could happen? We have no idea. Did I say that? Oh, hi. Don't confuse this guy with the facts. And that's another NATO right there for you. Go ahead. Throw your borderway sir. If I say, take your borderway situation card and borderway. Make the same effort. Make no difference. Have the same impact. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pomp 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line 21 to learn a few AM. This is 5, 60. You way out. Some of them are going to be a good breakfast for a beautiful. This is a story of a girl who's out enough. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. I'm an excursion. in Verizon Wireless Line. 15 every 96 votes in our pool, our goal 114732 percent, George W. 292, 18 percent, native 79, 4.9 percent, Harry Brown, 55, 2.4 percent. We believe the Harry Brown, the Bertirin, now Pat, you can't in 23, 1.4 percent. Here's Waterhill, hello. How are you doing, Neil? I'm doing good. I saw the turnout today, it looks pretty good. I'll tell you something from a little tip, you know, I've been putting signs up all week long. I put about 100 of them out there. Every time I go out there, they rip down and push people but they're just up and I know other people who have gone through the same process. I can't understand anybody in this country can vote for someone who can't even respect the Democratic process. They're signs you're left alone. They can't even respect our right to have a choice. They've got to go and act like the others and start caring things up. Now they're not acting like Yahoo's, they're just being Yahoo's. Yeah, that's exactly what they are. It's like, and naturally. And it's like people should get really angry about this and I just like to say, if you haven't gone to the polls, you have to go to the polls, call somebody up, and take them to the polls, ask them if they've gotten there, they get them there and let's beat this guy into the ground and I also wanted to find out that you need the poll rights numbers again because I got them. Well, I got them here, so I got them right here. All right, and that you reminded me of them. All right, let's get everybody out there, man. I mean, these people are like fascists. I mean, even George Bush talks like a fascist. If you listen to him, if you've ever read Hitler's speeches, he's got the same kind of platitudes, hello? Now, he's at the same kind of platitudes and generalities. You know what I'm saying? It's amazing. He's got that same kind of equality. You will live out the personality. Okay, listen, good luck to us. Thanks, sir. Okay, free rides to the polls. If you don't have a way to get to the polls, but you'd like to vote today if you registered, they'd count each. Callers number, they'll get you there. 305, 354, 2770. 354, 2770 in big county. If you live in Howard County, 954, 9238488. 9238488, and a Palm Beach County, 561, 279, 4466. 279, 4466 in Palm Beach. Good, don't just sit on your ass. Here's my name, Spring, hello. Hey, let's let you know that our family's all died in the church. Oh yeah, this is an old factory in the church. There's no sign in the church. You tell us that Bush could win. Yeah. Yeah, our family voted. You're a family. Your family did it. Come out of the cave long enough to do it. How that happened. Hey, may you just tell us. You know what I'd like to tell you, sir, seriously. After all these idiotic calls over the last three years, I just tell you one thing. Are you listening? Yes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Palm, 5, 60 on the AT&T, and provides them where I was flying. So I haven't had any he must have got out of the church because that's a guy to tell you. Do you know what's back in the church? Thank you, congratulations for making it on our great knee, best of the new abundance too. There's no sign in the church. How do you like that? That's an old man, George, just must be our lucky day. I mean, that could have been any one of those that came up there, but it was super-facting in the church. Yeah. That's an old man, baby. Things are looking up. We should have heard his name in address of those. It's an sentiment. And you're not that hot-tutty. You can always tell when the white wingers are starting to get really panicky because now they're rattling their spirits. Wait, wait, can you look at this? I want you to look at this thing that I just got in the pac mission, which I wouldn't be in the father discussing on here. But you can always tell that a red-ed white wingers are starting to squeeze themselves a lot and getting real nervous. I mean, this is the tip off right here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Palm, 5, 60 on the AT&T and provides the wireless line. Here's four miles, hello. Yeah, Neil, here's the Lee County Horror Story for you. I'm a registered Democrat. I call the election commission yesterday. Yeah. And I said, why want to make sure, she said, we took you out the roll. So I ran down there. I was, you know, took you off the rolls for wine. Well, I wanted to find out. So I go down there. I drive down there in a hop. I get down there. She says, because you didn't vote in the 96 election, we had to take you off the roll. That was very ridiculous. It is unbelievably ridiculous. So I think what they do in Lee County is they look for registered Democrat, any pretext they can use for wiping you off the rolls. They will do it. And so what I'm doing is I've been driving people to the polls, you know, trying to do what I can. But let me just make it appeal as a veteran. Anybody, I just got on. I was watching the two and this rig-take general shorts cocky who is just unbelievable. Yeah. Is talking about, you know, who's a trader to the military or a trader to the uniform? That didn't even mention the fact that WS gift out on the last year that I was just reading there from the public. I was looking to mention that. I kind of doubt it. Now, that was kind of skipped over all this. But to just for God, let me just, you know, make an appeal to any veteran who would think in their right mind to vote for somebody like this pervericator who has lied is not being true to themselves. Any Catholic who would vote for him after this Bob Jones incident, which I don't think or explained. But I just don't understand. He's doing pretty well with the Catholics. Not every is don't get, I know they've got a certain number of fetus on his near-mits, but the same was two and Clinton ran the last two times. But they must just have very short memories. Well, I think what you're going to see is most your Democrats are going to come home. But you know, the native people from what I've talked to a couple of people, they're both in the native people are both in the group. And there's no question about that. And you know, something we will never even get the answer. The folks are getting tabulated. You'll never even realize the total impact of that because it's wanting to talk a good game. But then when you get in there and you start talking, just before you punch that ballad and you start talking to the impact and you've been hearing all of these things about the polls are really, really tightening up. And your vote could be crucial. Those people a lot of them, if they have any conscience that all of them are construed. Yeah, they're not going to do it. They're going to get the silver for Gork. Yeah. Lastly, let me just mention the canker Nazis. Let's not forget it. It affected me personally. Let's not forget that, too, because isn't it funny that they stopped and they're going to start tomorrow with the canker patrol again? And don't forget who the governor is. It's behind that. That's right. Hi. So, I'm here. Exactly. OK, pal. Nice job. 560, 560, pound, five60 on the AT&T. And Verizon Marlison. Let's go to your say. I have for it. This fell out of great moments. Oh, yeah. What are we going? Let's go to Boka. Hello. Boka. Neo. Yes, sir. The best thing that can happen is George W. W. W. W. W. W. And Gore Wins the electro college. You know, that'd be great. Well, I would be great. There would be countless two things. Roller-winning election number. One number, two. They finally abolished the electro college. And the other thing, I think, the major three will piss off all those Republicans in general. But the major people ought to realize that they want to give up this country for four years. How much damage could Bush and his friends do to the environment in this country in four years? They could make it look just like Houston. Yeah. Costa coast. Thank you. Have a great day, sir. God bless America. You see, the P.S. The Dundered Heads out there. These people that are just so full with hatred and intolerance in five courses. You can't reason with them. The crazy people for people up along institutionalizing help. So you've got to hope that the reasonable people who had just a little bit, not what I'm talking about in electors, just a little bit of intellect who had all. Who can see the force through the smog? Our smart enough to say, he knows something this guy's like it is a nightmare. He was a freaking nightmare, possibly an alire. And a damn good one. I'm talking about the part called the kettle black. A damn good one to be walking around talking about the freaking morality and these things. You see, back guy who is admittedly a drunk until he was 40 years old. I don't think so. Here's a mobile local Humphrey. Hello. Yeah. I know what Bush was. I see one and no. You know, the thing is he was swive. They trained a lot of flies playing. They fixed our fly and they did commission his planes. Yeah. They did that to my uncle too. Yeah, whenever he asked you, yeah, those are his skills. No, it would happen. They said, if you went in the very afternoon tonight, I would book that to you. Excuse me, and then what happened? You got to give us a couple more years. You want to learn how to find other planes. You get a couple more years. We'll spend a million or whatever cost training to find those planes. If you don't, then you go sit in your ass. And that's what they did. So they got no credit. He didn't go. He didn't go. He said he didn't go sit on his ass. He disappeared in my party for a month. He said, just leave a phone number. It takes the Russians to pop. And then shoot down the one squad or an F-102. Yeah. Okay, pal. Keep the boat. We'll promote it here on here. Right the boat. There's no one in this finish. And we can talk to the CEO where. Yeah, right. Uh-huh. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. I mean, I can go back here and reach back and get the book. He anxiety. I read all that stuff right here. That's the excuse. First of all, the fact that he had to go visit his doctor to do that. So many lives though that it just don't have time to read them all. After completing Flight 20 and 1970, I continued flying with my unit for the next 7 years. He shouldn't have sought a biography. General William Terpsi, commander of the Alabama National Guard, was wounded to which Bush had been assigned to the Boston Globe May 23 of this year. Had he reported in, I would have had some recall and I do not. I had been in Texas done my flight training here. If we had a first lieutenant from Texas, I would have remembered. He never even reported in. Are you following, sir? Over and out. Here's a lady in Paparote, cello. Hello. Hello. How are you? Okay. Good. I heard a roommate from George Bush's days wrote a book about George Bush. What happened? It was called Big Daddy Evidently and paid off again, huh? I didn't. What was it called? I don't know. The biography or something about George Bush. I guess the guy from the school gave me a little bit of that. Well, I had somebody facts me a piece yesterday that I read from some of my to school with him and said he was a moron. I said he was a moron. I said he was a moron. Terrified to think that this man could be the president. But I think that was the first thing for that young man to do. He would have had a bestseller and then perhaps we could have even had a movie about this man in his college. Yeah. That would have been great. That would have been the greatest thing. But I think the Bush family is the most corrupt family in America today, you know. It's all about power. Daddy Bush was head of the CIA, so he must have something or so many people. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Anybody can't see through the Bush-Chainee connection and the colon policies, pieces put together. We're not really voting for W. Those people are being asked to vote for Papa Bush all over again. That's ugly right. He got his ass kicked eight years ago and now he's trying to find a way to come in the back door if I can say that. Oh, you are so right. That's what the whole thing is about. Okay. So we don't. Thank you. Go vote again. Thanks. Five, six, seven by all accounts. Heavy duty voting in the right places. Even downtown Miami, we've had a report off the year. The downtown is Janet. Lots of dark folks down there came out the vote. And they didn't get no free cigarettes either, I should point out. As I guess, can't wait for those accusations to start coming in any minute. 1621 votes, go with 72% W with 18, N, 4.9. Harry Brown with 3.3, which I still raise four eyebrows when I see that. And Papua can in 23 votes, 1.4%. 1621. And counting. This is five, 60, 2AFs for 3,056, W, K, M, I have any more waterdale. A measly broadcast group station, W, K, M dot com with a work. You'll notice that. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm I'm not, I'm not I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, there's a reason. That is the moment. Katherine, can we become here like that? Are you didn't, you didn't, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not though the moment. So it's basically under the lead, there's a stitches. place this morning and I have a old voter registration card for 96. So, in faith, did the redistricting my pretty thing gives to be 29. It's now 25. But my name was on the roll back in the vote. I've been trying to call the broad county voters registration, but I can't get through to anybody. So, does this, if you could help me out? So, what is it, preaching? What? 25? No, it's now 25, yes. I'm used to be 29. Okay, well, I'm sure that we must have people listening in every precinct, so if anybody can call it in tell us where you go, we'll let you know. Because I don't have a list. Well, the thing is, is on my vote registration card, it's got the address. What I don't understand is why couldn't they tell you, or whatever you went with, you went to the wrong place why couldn't they look it up and say, yeah. Why, yeah, it's not the wrong problem. I don't know. I don't know. The old people were going to have to know. It isn't really simple. Yeah, the average age where I went this morning at the acres is about 120. I don't know. We have a central goal with the mile. Oh, I see. Okay, so you're looking for 25, right? Please say 25. No, I got my precinct. It's 25 now. Well, I will. They range up from 25. I thought you were asking me where you go, go and precinct 20. No, no, no. No, my problem is, I don't, it's not where I go, because on my vote registration card, it's a sample path and it's a school. Yeah, and I can't. What is the question? I understand what the conversation is about. Yeah, I'm losing it. Well, the thing is, if I go to district 20, 29, which my card states, the address of my vote registration card is wrong. What would be wrong? Yeah, I don't know what to do, how to go about voting. The answer was, you still live a busy dress. You still have to go to the wrong. Whatever it says in your card. Yes, but I'm not over the rules. And they told me that it's going to take it like an hour to find out. Yeah, so. Well, I'd spend the hour because I'm nine. Do you have any idea what are you talking about? No. Here's my best answer. Eee! 560, 560, 560, 560, but thanks for killing two minutes, man. I'm telling you, I got a tumor growing just from that call. Here's my empty, hello. We owe home, though. Okay, I think. Yeah, this guy called that tremendous event, complaining about giving me the card load and tax money to pass. Yeah. And we have his voting for gold. I don't understand that. No, you're going to pack the high out of us. Is he really? Yes, he is. How do you know that? I didn't call him, but the fire was on. There was never even a campaign propaganda. I'll play with the three times of the curtain budget. Stop reading me the game. No, nobody's in press by that. Okay. You try your best without it didn't work. Nobody cares here and that same old-tired garbage. God is that pathetic. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. Oh, and for those people who think that everybody can enter with Wall Street. And he's in love with Bush and hoping that he went. Abby Joseph Cohen Schwartz, the Smith Greenberg, whatever it means. Said that Bush's tax plan and the Social Security plan both are brutally conobaccidated use that term. That's poppets of word. Totally ridiculous. Here's a mobile informed waterdale. Hello. Hello, well. Yes, sir. Hey, you are a product that can apply word-dilled vote. You know, I've got a website and I think she's the clerk. The voter's registration line is right here. Right. Where do you log on to a website you put in your address. It'll give you an updated tracing and all the information reports located. What's the website? All right. I think all you have to do is put in your Tinker or election voters. But it's a it's a proud county voters. I'll put the registration. Okay. And it's definitely on there. That's how it's online. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Here. We have your wrong phone number. I did Palm Beach. If you want to free right to the poll, the other numbers are right for the Palm Beach number. I wrote down wrong. Yes. Or he gave it to me wrong. Five six. One area code two seven nine forty four forty six. In Palm Beach. Five six one two seven nine forty four forty six. For anybody who needs to write to the polls. You still have almost seven hours. If you're online at seven or clock even though the polls officially close at seven if you're online, you can still vote. So I'm going to go on and try it again. Here's a mobile and Western home. Hey, me. I don't. Okay. You should have a good guy's vote for first before you find out a few words of vote acts. Yeah. That's a good point. Yeah. And what is one thing you said about the polls and the past was the people have a tendency to believe them when they're in their favor. Right. Then no question about correct. Come on in, you know, if it's real close, or if you've been behind and then it looks like your guys catching up or maybe go to the head. It gets your adrenaline going and get you to do some small little bit. Then it makes you feel like it's worthwhile going out and giving it a shot. Yeah. Yeah. And it's kind of a thing your favorite. Right. That's correct. So issues. Education is going to security. Uh-huh. Okay. I think one of the factors education has been going downhill for years. I mean, we've had these mobile trailers on the school property for they just keep building. And why hasn't anything been done in the past on that? What is that mean? 400 under the administration. Go over something going to solve it now. But he has a chance to solve it before. Hasn't done anything. There's a chance to solve it. But he was there. I know it's a state by. Yeah. I understand that. But what that why he can't pay and that he can't pay. He can't pay. Well, they could because they have allocated 100-digit dollars for education. They have allocated money for 100,000 teachers. So these are all things that they plan on doing. But it's the problem. Really a money problem. And he thinks it's all of everything. Why? Why do you hire teachers about money? Once you have teachers, they're one of the issues. But the behavior and classroom, when he's kicked coming out. But you know, something that was a question that was asked George Bebadi and the third debate. You know, when he's they talked about how do you legislate for getting parents more involved? And he said, if I had the answer, if there was an answer that question, I would cut you. And that was the best answer that he gave. How do you legislate for children behaving in class? How do you do that? Well, it's not just strictly a money issue, that's why let me just set up some more money on education. I mean, if you don't acknowledge any, do you know what, how does the behavior of the kids in class? Like in day count, a game kid textbooks to take home. And how does the behavior do that? Well, we're sure you ought to get the score. And again, I wish the boys people want to abolish the Department of Education. I'll say this to George W. is quite at least politically. He's smart enough to realize that they had to eliminate that from the Republican platform because of a slow embarrassing. What about our Social Security now? You know? You're good. Fact is instead of right out of money. How no it's not. It absolutely is not. It will never run out of money. Social Security is a sacred cow. I guarantee you no one will ever mess with Social Security payment in this country. You will never happen. Or what if they have to steal the money? From the IMF to pay, if there's a print extra money, no one will ever mess it to Red hearingsters, never gonna happen. You think so. I know so. But it's a big issue. I don't think. It's not a big issue. It's a big issue because these boys are both made in the will big issue. Instead of going out and saying, it's silly economy stupid. That's what we should have been talking about. I don't think it's a big issue to be honest. Well, okay. Thank you. Oh, that was easy. And by the way, you were right down at the end of the street. You know that perfect tank down here. Just hop right in. That's where you were. When you get right to the bottom. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the 18, 2 and Verizon Wireless Line. The Neo Roger show. Sports radio. 5, 60. And for most ever, from play with these cities. Good night. On entertainment tonight. Monica, you got to job as a reporter in England. Tell me a little bit about your new boss. That's how I get into a sustainist. He was very tender, just he's very affectionate. Uh-huh. I'm thinking that very central man can have a lot of central feeling. Really? You're gonna get closer. What happened? I think I'm not in for sure. What are you talking about? I thought it would be interesting. Oh, no, Monica, not again. He was my sexual soul man. That's tonight. Entertainment tonight. Well, what great media Monica. You have a question. Oh, fantastic. Well, definitely keep in touch. You bet. You bet. Proporting. You bet your life at 5, 50 WQM, the hangover. Goldberg show coming with two. 1550 votes. I like that. Are you in price? I am. In fact, it's the reloading right now. Here goes. Goldberg. 1654. Goldberg. 1196, 72.3%. George W. with 18%. Ralph Nader, 4.8%. Harry Fudge, Brown, 3.3%. And Pat, you cannon. Let's hear it for Pat, you cannon. Come on. 203 votes. 1.3%. 8.5%. You know, he's got that one. And he's been stuck with it like we're long. Almost every police got one. And a percent, too. Here's my main screen. Hello. There. You know how you doing? Okay. Happy to be late. The first thing. Thanks. Good. Thank you. Right. Maybe we have. Did you get to see Indiana Raw? She was having four guys. I thought she was going to call right after the record. He was like hovering right on his back shot. And that's exactly the reason. Thank you. He was having a bad balance. It was incredible. Truly incredible. Also talking about three W's and his famous quotes at their phone round. He's talking about how his little brothers, who were going to throw your face and quote with almost side Rio by Democrats in 94. Sideway on him. Exactly. What if my master's week correct? A little brother has been governor since 98, not 94. He's incredible. That people will actually go out and vote for it. I don't know if he's going to be a judge. I don't know if he's going to be a judge. He got a few random 94 and got his ass kicked by a dead man walking in the morning. And he just barely beat another dead man last time. Right, but that's what I was quoting was he made it sound like his brother has been governor since 98. Don't confuse him with a fan sound. Come on. Just go ahead. I can't do it. Yes sir. Who might he call? Okay. See. 560560, pump 560 on the AT&T and provides a wireless line. Here's a mobile and nice pump. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. We love you up and what's on first on call. All right. Hey listen. I'm gay guy here and just a plea for everyone in the Tri-County area to get the hell off your ass and get out and vote today. You know the I got a couple of guys that I work with and they are jumping up and down about George Bush and I am just like a chicken and just sick about it. A lot of category public enticed which half of one of these. What's up with that? My beats made self-hating things. It's you know juice for Hitler all over again. I can't do for Hitler all over again. I'm not sure how much for me. Blacks for racism and there's always going to be a few. It's just like that juicy watt no per home. There's always got to be a slap them around and bring them back into reality. Right. There's no one for that. There's no feeling right. There's no hope. But all you gay folks, you get out and you vote and vote often. 40 times. And I'm out of material, me. Okay, God bless you, sir. Take care. Put your five six, seven, five, six, six, six, six, five, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, six, eight, eight, ten, two, nine. They're voting. Maybe here's Al Gore voting and Al mode Tennessee. The day was going to work for me. So that's it. And then different. A couple of their kids now going into voting booth today. They're definitely. I was going to say that's a little later on. He's mother who was maybe seven years old. It's going to be coming in. Talk about a stage event. They got a bunch of little school kids, all sitting in the floor. They're in the back. Now what is this? Very long either to make, and there are a little, a little one. Yeah. We have to assume they're reading so much. We have to be the vice president. And he is going to think. Absolutely involved in each season like the name. So has education and homelessness. Uh-huh. Miss Coagroom. I've been reducing triple O's youth. I'm getting the wheelie here and about that. 560, 50560, pound 560. On the AT&T and Verizon wireless one. By the way, I have a very important and strong message to somebody that sent me about a three-page facts about the voltage about a little under an hour ago. I have a message for you, okay? You're gay. Yeah. No, no, the facts were from Norma. See, you're reading a little bit too much into it. You're gay. Yeah. Or here's a leading plantation. Hello. Yeah. Yes, man. Listen, I need to grab the word. I heard I'm a brow with voter and apparently there's a misalignment on some of the brow with balance and if you met a lot of no. How about that possible? Well, I just heard it on the news. Before I came in and I had a call and let you know because I noticed it when I was loading. I went to punch for Goran. I noticed that the pickle was a bit misaligned. And now they're saying that some of the boats were grow. I actually go to be cannon because of it. Yeah, somebody called about that earlier. I don't understand that. I don't understand that. But I wrote a presentation up to self-emue and I noticed it on mine. And I thought it was my, you know, I thought it was my way. What are they going to do about that? I don't know. But I want to go to, I want everybody. I want to spread the words to check you a ball. It actually comes out and make sure that it's in fact punch for Goran. Not to be cannon. Okay. Okay. And go back and give them hell. Yeah. I think we all should give them hell. We do have a ball boat. Thanks. Okay, bye. How do you like that? Yeah. I think in Brown they should all just all hold again. All the people are voted for Goran. Just in case it got screwed up there because they're, I mean when they wind up with hundreds of thousands of votes for the cannon, they're going to know something fishy. So they ought to let us all vote again. I've still got my vote of registration card ready. I can go back again. Just to make sure. Here's for it, Myers. Hello. Hey, New York. Yes, sir. I think the people who are going to be voting giving that hate crime comments. The action or interaction is so much. I've seen it here that I come to mixed areas quite a few black donations. Now, I want to talk about a few people later, we'll start with later. Please. If it actually turns the election, I think you should be strapped into the front of a core bay or it running to a wall at a $60 an hour. Or there's just a thing that the fan vote must put around his neck. Well, you're complaining about it. Because they break anyway. Engine in the back business. Uh, pro. Do you think maybe he's looking for positions and bushwinds? Looking for positions? That's what he ought to be looking for. The pro position. And Larry's feet. I think that's what he was looking for. He has another character that ought to be thought about as Trump has to. Yeah. No more monkey movies for him or playing Moses. He's over for his pictures, he can serve. But I think he's down a prominent stage on what's in our eyes. I think he's a wackier than a bed bug. I think he's nuts. He loves that. I mean, he's a... He's a poster child for the term gun nut and believe me, underlying the nut part. Well, we can all help with bushwinds. Several things happen to Democrats win the house and maybe narrow the Senate win it. And they fight as they have big time if you've used expression. Okay. And he'll earn it in 2004. Ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah. Likely, story. Hillary in 2004. What do you say about that? No way, Jose. Get that bitch out of there. You know, these people actually seriously talk like somebody's so called pundits on TV about why did all If she wins this, in a way, she's in the Democrats lose the White House. If you have Gorleuses, she's certainly going to be the front runner for 2004. Is anybody believe that? No. There are more people at a cater like poison. And let me say it again. Gorles up by almost 20 points. 19 points in last poll in New York. And she's got a life in that struggle to try to be the little unknown punk. Rick Lassier, but nobody ever even heard of. Looking with Junior. Get serious. Like so many people have said she's basically running against herself. Here's a lady in Bokeh. Hello. Hi. Yes, man. I just got the late two guys know that they're mislined up here in Palm Beach, Palais, as well. Oh, no. Oh, yeah. How is that possible? I put the little slipping this morning. You know, you got the two picks up on top. Right. And I went through and I tried to, I thought maybe it was the way that I put it in, that how the little picks are on towards the bottom. And I checked the alignment on that. Mine stood in there perfect in the Palais too. Yeah, but it was mislined on where you punch. No, no, no, no. Now, mine did because I definitely checked it. Well, then what happened after you checked it, but they do them? Well, no, I was checking the card and they sure that I had said it in there, and they're perfect. Right. Yeah. And it was in there and you have to look because it's confusing. You got to go down a little bit. It's probably about an eight of an inch off. So in other words, you made sure that you got to write them. Yeah, I did. Okay. Well, I hope that everybody who votes between Alan 7, take a look at your card and make sure that you're punching it in the right hole. Okay. Thank you. Have a good day. Thanks. And the little pen, too. Make sure you're punching it in the right hole. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Tom 5, 60 on the AT&T and the lines of mine. It's not a French version. He's going to be doing a series of shows on that. People who continually punch it in the wrong hole. Are we already did that? Here's Margie. Hello. Hey, Mike, a little crooked to begin with, but once I put it in, it's just pretty good. And how about the card? Well, that should. Okay. A couple of things. One, my only political thing is, I'm a little, to step in on the hole for a long time. That's okay. If anybody wants to check on the computer, it's digitalcity.com. And there's a little screen to put your address in. And then it'll give you your polling place. Digitalcity.com. Digitalcity.com. I did it last night because I couldn't find my cards. Okay. Look me a while of fun. The other thing is about your Murray Brothers. Yeah. When the team went to Arizona a couple of weeks ago, there was a half a dozen of the players that were spent in so much time banging a couple of of the flight attendants and trying to find them in the stands. Well, because they couldn't see if they were supposed to be in. Uh huh. They couldn't locate them. They were spending their time on the extra. They were going to do a little bit of the stands. They just were pretty installed by the control buddies too. I think they were pretty installed by these two girls. So they were, my heart, you know this. We're on the plane. I know a couple of people were. Okay. So maybe that's a little more fuel to get rid of those two shirts. Okay. I thought they were going to get you to get some good news. Like I said, get the buries for the Murrays. That's what we want. Even though get Valeria on there. They're going to have both buries and take them. And we'll show you both more of these. There's a pack of the new. And we'll take Derek Morrison to Wilma, General. Can't look too. How do you like that? Is that going to happen? Oh, no, but we've got a 70-year-old guy out there. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Woo! Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T. I said you Brian, you should've got a great sense of humor man. and don't forget we'll pack you both the sandwich maybe we can get the Scott and the Ira de facto sandwiches for the murderboards on the way up like we're gonna get on the bus yeah pack on the big one 25 past noon is 5 60 WQF so people are like so I'm not sure if you're gonna get the pizza yeah but you're gonna get the pizza yeah so I'm gonna get the pizza so the tuna is the pizza yeah the rich boil pack and then close the turkey but the condom will roll my camp safe but it's okay but people don't want to drink it's not so good with some we can't find you that she just disappeared we'll look in all over and it still ain't here hey Trudgy, do you want to get your ass cheap? so are you a president who find out that you can't find a law you will rob each guy like Kiddler, who can party? and you can't take advantage of an action of the truck but I don't wish I could, you can hire a judge who can donate Jack's winner so from this episode i was about to watch the kilos' jerk in the future and i must do the popular instant Yes, the heroine is the one that goes to the track. He's got such bad stench mouth, bad breath. Not the fact that he don't look so good either when there's a real pain in the Ash and a dunderhead with things that he thinks that Abe Lincoln is running. What do you say? Something like that. Oh, don't throw knock ourselves apart. It's collective IQ man. We can't find it. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Hey, yeah. Yes, sir. George Bush is the shop. Yeah. Anyway, it goes in both for him as a retard. I'm talking with that couple of Jamaican guys, maintenance guys, and a farm and compost that you can see. Yeah, I'm on. Each guys were out of their mind up there. Man, I can't even believe anyone would go through that church. They got to make the voting a little easier. I live off by cemetery village and have a time. They got from the old lady that's like 130 years old reading the voter register. My she got these co-pottle glasses. There's a line with 300 people in it standing there. Everybody's got to get to work. It's like seven o'clock in the morning. I want to open and she's trying to find people's names. You can hear everybody in line right at the best point. There's my name right there. Well, that's what happened with me. I got up to the desk at the woman's room. Let me get my glasses. There's no point in the room. She goes back into a purse and she's looking. When you think of the force you sat down and they were put in the lines. She might have thought about that in the first place if she can't read. And another thing that's brought on all the real things. Just say, No, it's exactly. If we want another one of them Metro mover. Yeah, they're happy to bail out by the federal government. Yeah, this is the bullet train with funding from the heaven, I guess. Nobody has any idea what's going to come from the answer is just say, No, no, no, no. And Bush cany your game. Okay. Thanks for the bulletin. 1700 votes even. 1700 Pennsylvania Avenue. Huh? Oh, it's just changing again. Why hate will not happen. This only gets to a very nice number. Algor 1226 72 percent. George W. 306 18 percent. Ralph Nader 83 4.8 percent. Harry Brown 60, 3.5 percent. And Patty Cannon. Oh, it's my Patty Cannon allergy. 25, 1.4 percent. I put it on the rear of the pan. And by the way, nice to do. Here's Miami. Hello. You have boys with baby killers. Okay, thanks for the good news. Put that on the news. We don't have any news. I'm sorry. Put it on the news station. Goes up baby killer. Yeah, so the highway. I want about that abortion. We were here reading about yesterday. Oh, that was abortion. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here is Miramar. You hold on. Yes, sir. Shake up how to go. Hey, Jacob, how are you? Pretty good. Just got to unboden. To the three-tone. Yeah. Now, did you have any trouble sticking your thing in there? Actually, was it was a little crooked, however, had the brains to go back and make sure that the most of them were released for me to do the cool whole. But number three is the goal hole. Number three is the goal hole. Number three is the goal hole. Yeah. That's why I sure hope I didn't screw up my thing. You know, now that I'm getting paranoid. Nah, I'm sure you did it right. Go for goal, everybody. And if I'll double you boys win, with her and I thought we'd come up with her Amsterdam. 1130. Perfect. Thanks. See you there, Jacob. Bye-bye. 1130 tomorrow night, while we've been on a jet plane. And what is that? Look like sandwiches. From... From Atlantic City. I came to Atlantic City, so I didn't recognize him. That gentleman. They just got it called him. I didn't call him. I didn't call him. I didn't call him. And he just thought I wasn't going to mommy's for once, but that would be like a little bit. I thought we'd better be at the people that are serving hand, and taking hand because he's winning that award, the March of Dimes thing, the award. What do we need to do then? I don't know. I've accompanied you. We're having today. No. We're going to pick through it. It's not for them. What will make you think you're going to be for them? Because we didn't call them. Yeah. And you guys said that Scott's just said that Brigadier W.C. W.A. Some of you were stealing. Probably. I don't care for Steve. How much am I going to eat? Anybody? I have to go to lunch after the show any house. I have just a little appetite. Even that kid. And then how much ever you were shot out of here and take on. Like you always do because it's all about three. Is it all about three? That's up to you. I don't give a crap about those guys. What have they ever given the W.C.? Huh? Crap. I mean, the morning guys released once before, while they had the duck and donuts guys coming in here, who don't come all the way from Palm Beach County, we don't see them anymore. They're probably morning work coming in for. Amn't seen them in a cool cage. Here's what modern day, hello. Hey, New Halloween. How does that crispy creak anyway? Pretty good. Happy birthday. Thank you. And I go with voting story for you. I went to Pine Island Ridge Country Club to vote. And I was walking in this whole guy. He must have been probably about 150 years old. Said, this year first time here. And I said, yeah, he says, well, I've already been here twice the vote. And the first thing I thought of is he's saying vote early in Austin. So, uh, as far as my car, I didn't have any problem getting it in. And I didn't. Yeah, I understand that that's obviously happening as we had several calls about it. I must have been one of the lucky ones because mine was still right in there. Yeah, mine did too. I don't know, but let you say vote early in Austin. Have a good one. Okay, nice one. Here's Thomas L. Friedman right today in the New York Times. I love D.C. This is our real eyes. This is a bit late, but I just have one last question for George W. Boyer. Throughout this campaign, the Texas Governor's repeat of the mantra that the government chirps us is your money. It's not the government's money. Fine, but then whose money is the national debt? Is that our money too? Or is that somebody else's money? So, listen to me, to bushering this campaign, to think that all the Sirpusters belong to the voters and all the debts belong to the government. To Washington, D.C. The enemy of the people. That's this embodied entity that sucks up your tax dollars for no good reason and offers nothing in return. Well, nobody knows who's going to win today's election, but I do know that if it's Governor Bush, I sure hope he doesn't believe the nonsense he's been peddling. As you repeat the denigration of Washington and government in general, manifestate profound ignorance of what makes America unique in the world today, which happens to be the strength quality and he has breadth of our government. Indeed, at Mr. Bush actually traveled abroad more than twice. He would have discovered that what foreigners envy as most for is precisely Washington. That is our institutions, our courts, our bureaucracy, our military, and our regulatory agency, the SEC, the Federal Reserve, the FAA, the FDA, the FBI, the EPA, the IRS, the IRS, the US, the Tent Office and the Federal Emergency Management Agency. I took part in the seminar at the University of China, and I can flow a young Chinese graduate student, cleaning for an answer to a question, how do we give it a hall or a corruption? Do you know what your average Chinese would give them a capital like Washington today, whether it's reasonably honest and efficient bureaucracy? Do you know how unusual we are in the world that we don't have to pay off your tax to get the simplest permit issued? You know how much your average Indonesian would give to have Indonesian stock market over scene for one day by also whether they are the SEC? You know how much your average Russian would give for a week of Joe Klein and Janet Riel, bushing, rushes, oligarchs and monopolists? Mr. Bush likes to say that the government didn't create this or possibly energy in the entrepreneurship of the American people, no kidding. But it is precisely the quality of our government institution that creates the framework for that entrepreneurship to flourish. In his smart new book, the Ministry of Capital, Fernando de Soto, answered the question why capitalism succeeds in investing fails in so many other places. His key conclusion, good political institutions and property law are the ingredients that are constantly enabled entrepreneurs in the Western succeed and their absence elsewhere explains why they are failed. How many software innovations could Bill Gates have made without patents to protect the mass-resistant of the Soto? How many deals along to improved security have carried out without enforceable contracts? The more I travel abroad, the more I appreciate Washington, I'm not just talking about the monuments in the cherry blossoms, I'm talking about all the great buildings where all those faceless bureaucrats who are paid by your tax dollars in mind, working in an emitting. I thank God every day I live in a country that has watched and has just capital with all those great institutions. On one level, it's absurd that Governor Bush, whose father was a congressman, Chairman of the Republican Party, CIA director, vice president and president has been running as a Washington outsider. But on the other level, it's true because however much time is the Bush Penedor's father's home in Washington, he never seemed to have absorbed the President Bush deeply understood that it is precisely the size grant and quality of our government that gave him the moral and the power and moral standing to lead the free world at the end of the Cold War. It's hard to know what George W. Bush really believes, but if we take him in his word, Governor Bush's problem is that he doesn't know the capital of Kazakhstan and Nigeria, no one's problem is that he doesn't know the capital of the United States. He doesn't understand the very thing he's been running against and he's not necessarily special in the world, but the envy of the world as well. I'd go out and do your Thomas Friedman, anytime today, next one, Tommy Boy. 24-1 in 5-50 W-2A. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 5-60, a few A and a few young. How young is too young? I came along when TV was just getting started. On the 29 shows at Ferrari TV, but that's the reason I've done. Now if you just close my eyes and rather several star-of-boats, TV shows, remember when my show back then was a riot. Back in those days I played close to the end, but then I came only this time. He's actually lost my mind. When jumping you learn maybe flip my way. I wrote 5,000 songs in both of my movies and there's no knowing when you're alive, it's where land is. If you're too young to know what my show was like, back then, that just you didn't want to say that I'm alive. I was married to Kim, but always wanted Audrey. I became my mouth shut, but it's just that pinch. No reason to want to go home. That I just up and die. So grab a shovel and start a hole to do you. And let me show that I still have all my way. It's a 1245-56WM. Now somebody on her who this is, but somebody out there has their psychic thing wall. They got their little glow-about, their weapon and the ball too. This is a breakdown of the electro college. I guess somebody's prediction here for the election today. And I'm looking down, let's see, got 0273 votes, which is 3 more than you'd in Bush 265, which is 5 less than me. And I'm looking at this thing and it doesn't look unreasonable. The word gets california, Connecticut, Washington DC, Florida, Hawaii, Illinois, Iowa, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont, Washington and Wisconsin, and it gets 273 votes in area. So like I said, he must win Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Florida, but the posture we've had in all three. So I've voted to never get in Florida today. We got a shot. Yeah. What they really want to do is they want to psych people out. They want you to take, first of all, they don't want to Native people to think it's real closeer that they're going to waste their vote and throw it over to Bush. And number two, they want to grow people to feel like it's a wasted time for why even bother. And of course, by doing that, it saves our California, especially in other West Coast states. They also figured they can hang on to some of those congressional seats that they're on the bird you're losing. You're going to be a Morgan out there to talk about a bad hairdo. You know what I'm talking about? Man, I'm not a Morgan. Oh, no, yeah, Tim Morgan, that's what he needs. He only roguin he needs roguin. Well, I have plenty of time to shmur it on. Yeah, it's tells him that's roguin. What is it? Like I said, he can even chop him up in the blender and shmur it on. I think it's about the hot. You can shmur it on his back, though. Because he's out. Even his own people out there say, well, bye bye, Jimmy. Yeah. Mr. Peniscake. And don't forget, though, McCollum down here. How do you do it? How could anybody, both of them, McCollum, how could it even be reasonably close? Like, when you grabbed the ballot, the first thing you should be looking for. The first thing you should say when you go get that ballot when they hand it to you is very selfless. Yeah, where do I punch for Go Nelson? And be sure to take a look at that ballot when you finish punching the horse because they found a stuff we're here today. It sounds really, um, like the specialist. And why would that be in Browden Palm Beach, you think? They've got them just a little out of waxed. A lot of the golf boats are going to want to get them screwed up if that happens. Another good reason to vote for you for a time. Just a mixture. Here's a mobile inform waterdale. Hello. Hey, Neha, you doing it. Pretty good. I expect my little spoken to our whole today. Good. Did you vote for you on the corner, vocal and the interview told you that we should be tanker sore and no more push it. I don't know. I love it. Well, I know it's push, win, ball, but comedians have a great material for the next three years. But when Go Nelson, they know much about that. Good job. But if you're out of college. There you go. Hey, Neha, let me see $50. Okay, I see. You're not here. Go stick it in there again. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's my any, hello. Yeah, I'm going to go around and see it. Yes, sir. I want that. I'm going to probably like a two dozen people that are voting for push because they use it. Yeah, yeah. Soon as the first word out of his mouth, the first word we knew was one of those little down here. Yeah, Neha. Go back and get back in your spot. If somebody's going to take your place in that circle, you're a sweetheart. You better get back in there fast. Get a grip, sweetie. 560, 560, pound 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Go back down there and see if you can find some illegal aliens for us. Because once this election is over, we need something to sync our teeth and move. Here's a mobile intro beat, shall I? Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. Yeah, I pay for it, sir. Thank you. Yes, you'll see it here. Yeah. And anyway, where do I get the second signature meal? Where do you get it? Yeah. We'll have a try. We'll have a try. You can try it. You can try it. You can try that time. I'll say great. I'll see it tomorrow. There's the pepsis in there. I'll be there. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go a pepsis. Go like you, sir. Whatever you say, he's out of control. The head. They suck. But you know, then those those pepsis. They're not only got that 60 year old guy that jury Adams guy. I think he was from Ireland, right? If you also have a hand line, somebody really got Kim and Adams. You know, who the Leafs didn't protect. We got Greg Adams. 37 years old. We got, we got Egor Laryon off his 39. Terry and Brian are trying to get the team. See, gather get guys who can relate to them. Hold a little bit over. Maybe we can get that little frog out of our retirement too. That also's name, the paper Dallas and Montreal. He's a geek carbony. And that's in George names of guys. You know, you might come to you like in some kind of a vision, like some kind of Apparation. Yeah, you never know. Here's for a modern day, huh? Yeah, I either know that. All right. Two things that have the sweaters meet to vote for. Yes. First of all, the William and Zellers supporters. He's still called Greenpeace people down on Miami. He's already. Yeah, we got the Green Party and the Greenpeace and they both make me sick. And second, anything when high is in there is a silly year to go. Yeah, he's the biggest contributor in Florida for Bush. Yeah, that's why he was flying. How do you do the Colorado on his private plane yesterday? He's anything he's a silly with. I'm against one the other way. That's right. Also, what is going to Jeff Bush? What does he plan to do about the tankers I have on my balls? He's going to come down here and look at probably. That's what I'm hearing. He's got a solution for everything, man. Just look up. That's what he said. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. That was a low flow. Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello. Are you doing me? I'm Ryan. Hey, last Green going high, Leo. Voted for Gore. How about that? I wonder how many Gore votes there weren't highly a three or four. You think? I don't hear something. I saw in the ballot. They stuck in a high, Leo to see if they wanted to build a baseball stadium in High, Leo. No. Referring to modern the ballot. How could they do that? I don't know. Was it on the ballot? No. But it's no. I'm sorry. You're telling me that it was really on the ballot in Highland? Yeah. Did they want to take public funds and money from the county in the state and bond issues to build a baseball stadium in High, Leo? How come we never heard anything about that? I'm looking to see if I don't have a day day here. Because that would have the things I wanted to say. It was a last stage just in High, Leo. And of course, they would have a day of it. I didn't know. No. No. No. What do I want to do? I wanted to thank you for waiting for me in a body mine for the feedee couple weeks ago. Okay. All right, Leo. Oh, there we go. Go, Go, Go, go, go. Five, six, seven, five, 60. This is pretty interesting. This breakdown of the guys in here. 273, this 265. Pretty tense. And those are the group people. We have to really hope like Calad, they didn't vote in California with all those 54 electoral votes. getting cocky and taking it for granted and that's spending one dime advertising money out there and then the bush people put on the big push the bush push right there at the end and last night it was like within a razor's hair after being like 10, 12, 15 points at it or it was like a lot. It was on the Fug New York State they were so far at a one point and they let most of that kind of like slipped to their fingers in fact it's 20, it's 10, it's 10, number 5 by the way. Fugur. See I don't want to give numbers out and confuse people and you get the ballot. It's very clear. I mean it is so clear that even on the list of you but what do you mean by that? Are we missing one of the people making some of my comments here? Have I not voted about a hundred years since I voted? They took the card. I mean all you got to do is see how it works. They got to if there's any misunderstanding before you go to the, whether you have your name written down and they check your ID and your vote of registration card. Before you go to that, there's a guy sitting there and he says you any help any instructions and he's showing some little girl who just said no, I think she voted too but can use a high highest subit in there. Which we should have called the cops at that point. No no seriously. We shown how you slipped the card over the little prongs and you punched it. And I went up there and I got my card. I went through the whole song and a dance. I stuck it on here. There was no problem and you look, those look for a number. Look for what it says for quite six. If you can't read George W. Bush or Al Gore or Harry S. Brown or Ralph Bitter, if you can't read the names on it, then what the hell business you got voting in the first place? And if you got some kind of like special visual or any kind of handicap, it says right there. They have a big sign. We have special arrangements. If you're handicapped, if you're like a mental midget, if you're some kind of a total bull zone, and you can't do this, we're happy. We'll make it up for it. And I believe that they probably do make it up for whatever way they want to go. These craggy old farts. My words and the craggy old farts, those are the ones that are terrified with their social security. So like I said, let them knock out another couple of votes. So least we can do the thanks in for the hard work on this election day. Prop 50 file wait a minute, what's this? That's the fairly believe that. Well, I do not everybody thinks that it's irresponsible and someone who was curious to do that. A data is to decide on their own whether to go to the voting booth or not. So you're doing a straight and straight. Because if they restraint of the sale of truthful moves, absolutely. Like there were another, if there was another product, Roger, there's not a shadow of a doubt. The pros all of them got together and agreed. We won't have more than three acts of violence on any show. So not going to go in there now. Well, at least, what they're going to pay for leave that we should have three days of voting in California so that we can kind of catch up. I've gone 180 right on sweetheart. You go girl. 256 to 560 QAM. This is 560 QAM. Fort radio 560. WM by Andy Fort Lutterdale. A measly broadcast group station. W2AM.com or the world. It's not just go one to two hours. It's a phenomenon. If we look up on that bench, we can interview him in bail. F Gonna say another couple of things. For that B feeling like inventing stonder that there's hope. If this is Regina F stuff, that's a you know saying just when people say I'm a little proud of you. And you're a big man. And you're a big man. And you're a little proud of you. And you're a little proud of you. And you're a little proud of you. And you're a little proud of you. And you're a little proud of you. And you're a little proud of you. And you're a little proud of you. And you're a little proud of you. And you're a little proud of you. And you're a little proud of you. And you're a little proud of you. And you're a little proud of you. And you're a good man. And you're the big man. And you're a little proud of you. And you're a little proud of through this crowd. And you're a little proud of you. And you're a little proud of you. And you's a high figure, and I'm a little bit busier than you. I know all of them were preferred. I know all of them. They're gonna fall in love with you. And you will be a good one. And you will be a good one. And you will be a good one. And you will be a good one. And you will be a good one. And you will be a good one. It's one o'clock where I'm going to shout here at 5.50. You've got six hours to go, they've got another invoke and vote and vote and vote. Big huge turnout, especially here in South Florida, they'd rather than convict. One of those numbers again, you know, I'm glad you asked. Hey, she don't have a ride to the polls. Here three rides to the polls and they counted 305, 354, 277. Oh yeah, George just got bulk of brands I voted, yeah illegal alien voting. We believe it. Oh, we've been spirit. Nice try. Back on a boat. Day count is 305, 354, 277. If you need a free ride of the polls and groward, nine, five, four, nine, two, three, eighty, four, eighty, nine, two, three, eighty, four, eighty, and a Palm Beach, five, six, one, two, seven, nine, forty, four, forty, six, two, seven, nine, four, four, four, six. And don't forget when you get your card and you stick it in the asslaught there, make sure it's aligned upright. Make sure when you take it out, you punch all the right holes. Because it sounds to me really a little bit on a bizarre side. What would be something if it turned out that you can run the election based on, yeah, they just, they just shoved up the, uh, holes in there a couple of notches. Here's the facts lying under oath, motion cup A, squelts investigation of contributors funeral homes. In a so-fi successful attempt to stop a scandal, bush purgid himself under oath according to the sworn testimony of two of his political allies. The situation is amazingly similar to Clinton's Lewinsky problem, a potentially damaging lawsuit arose that threatened to involve him. Just like Clinton Bush wore an affidavit that he had no involvement in the case which got him excused from testifying, and just like Clinton the affidavit was proven false, been implemented by the new evidence. In this case, it's the recent sworn testimony of Robert McNiel Abosio Pointy that he had discussed the case with the Bush of fundraiser. The scandal isn't as sexy as Monica's, but purgireous purgireous in this scandal actually involves the governor's job, not his sex life. Texas State Commission on funeral homes, the TFSC, third-hand investigation of SC, either was largely funeral company with 3442 homes, plus 433 cemeteries, Applicants that unlicensed apprentices were in bombing corpses at two SCI abomin centers The commission visited a couple of these and ended up finding SCI 450 grand But SCI probes grains were the commission and revtion so shortly thereafter the investigation was shut down and the agencies investigated was fired She sought the question bush for her lawsuit and that's when he swore his admittedly false affidated in fact that affidated has been proven false price now And this goes on at great length at great length Bush simply didn't show up for a scheduled deposition on July 1st 99 in the case he is not offended in the case because governors are immune from lawsuits and Texas But it's being called as a material witness. He found was affidated on July 20th Indicate he had nothing to wear it now Robert McNeill was chairman of the Texas funeral commission at the time a bush appointee In firms that he also discussed the case with bush at a 1998 Texas fundraiser in a swore in deposition McNeill says that bush asked him had you and Mr. Walker got your problems worked out replied McNeill was still trying to work on that governor bush then said do your job Bush is campaign says that McNeill statement is false But the language McNeill says Bush uses almost identical to what he admits saying the Johnny Rogers and the governor's office Which had also decals me who it's too long to read the whole thing How do you like that? But he's got to bring morality and Tushes this back to Washington DC a place that he don't like too much Here's for waterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I need to know okay? I just coined a phrase or a definition and I wanted to identify you to get your opinion Okay, yes, sir. All right any person who is paralyzed by the fear of getting out of their house and going to the polls to vote democratic Uh-huh is an Algorofofic Okay, all right, and not bad Question for you after I finished voting this morning. I went to the post of a pickup my company mail And I had my you know, I vote I did thicker on my on my chest And this young African American guy said to me. Oh, I already voted I said oh, good for you. He said but I don't have a sticker because I voted Saturday What do you vote it Saturday? Yeah, most people don't know you can vote a Had a time like that and I said well, what did you write in or something like that? I mean did you did you you know with a proxy voter what he said no We went down there was about 500 of us and we cast their votes So how is that possible? It's it can be done you don't anything about that? We have to vote before I don't I don't know what Saturday supplies is a lot of me, but I do know for example yesterday They were lined up by eight to the long for the absentee ballots You can go they have locations where you can go and cast absentee ballots Not an out of all the polling places, but they have locations set up in all counties We're gonna actually go and cancel S&D ballot without meeting it in What window I mean that's three days before I don't know what the parameters are well, but you say not three days before Some people may all interactions he ballots weeks before the election. Oh, yeah. Yeah. I want to ask them that He said no not F&T. I actually cast my ballot. I know no And one another point Rush them about that'll be praying that core wins the selection. Yeah, I'm not so In talk about it right and here we have the other little fence of the game. Okay. Have a great day. Thank you Our slavish press can can I have to hide GW's shady side. This looks something like some good stuff It's not over he has drunk driving a rest where she's lied about I believe him we already I think done this one. I think so five six seven 50 pound five 60 on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line 17 hundred and some of it changing again on there. We're getting close 1769 see I make it then up again. I make it enough. Oh, but it says Algorah come on it 79 72.3% George W. Bush 318 17.9% Ralph Nader 85 4.8% Harry Brown 62.3 and a half percent that you can 25 still hang it in there with his one point four percent Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Affier action Daniel. Thank you so much. This is not a odd vote meal. I voted for Alborz Ed Gore You know what I don't like a neo-seeth pole that I see on TV that Gallipoll see it and Paul You know you must think bushness of a telemarketing room where you know redown is voting 24 hours a day You know I don't think anyone of my has any idea. I think that's the Ralph for a crap I don't think we have any idea what's going to happen because nobody knows who's really turning out today New York listen. I'm a courier. I travel over my am and I've been in some bit of North Miami beach for a far today Journey to I'll hear already my any lakes. I've seen up to the course of quarters and all the corners I haven't seen any push supporters and a lot of these young young people are voting a lot of young human people are voting for Go to really I mean all these offices I go to for my pickups. I talk about the election to the people and all I'm here is go to work Or I was push even in the race well in some sort of days None I 90 out of honor To toss up that's not true all soft orders Huge not to be close to a toss up you're getting confused by those agreeing to You know, I've had many of them Yeah, what about those Supreme Court judges you vote you can't sign it you vote for that Did I vote against them? I voted for it for okay I know you have a great day and have a great life They're like to whistle now with how did Kim said something like that? I Think how he Kim said no God bless us all 8 minutes after one at five 60 W to Late this life so gosh. You got a new launch that knowing the parchment and who's this the入 Rutgers cheesy have great time to the Bene europé� apple a talking you get a ticket phone. Well, I don't know if that was the topic for the past month, but I never knew it. You know what you were about a thing. You just keep on driving like you feel honey. Okay. Okay. Someone says in the interview, a user-mail, you just keep on driving angry. Next story from Bensonhurst. Sorry, can you teach me how to go to Fart? That's easy. I myself used to drive up our store that got some dust up in the air. Hey, Ralph, we got both of my. On a hummus, shut up, not in the air. It's what a gross. They being a god at terrorizes you. Just let Cleo tell you how to drive. Say to the first 700 dollars a minute, and I will be pleased to tell you where you can go. And how to get their slowly and angryly gone now. Feel yourself, and I'll 1,800 great goodly modally. Okay. What's your key? It's what this call, I'll switch it where to go. Here's at weightlessidedemocrats.com. Big big piece here about Bush's military records. But just seem to vanish on election eve. Bush aids possibly altered national guard records to conceal ground again this duty. AIDS detectives Governor George W. Bush visited the international guard archives that can't maybe be in 1997. And possibly altered Bush's military service record to conceal Bush's grounding from flight in 1972, and subsequently missed duty according to a former senior official of the Texas National Guard. This is a lot of the stuff it's in the Begalibut, but goes on at much greater length with more detail. You find some real good reading on this website, www.democrats.com. Here's a lady in plantation, hello. Hello. Lady in plantation. I see I don't want to hang up on this because I know she must be there. Hello, yes, man. Oh hi, hi. You're the one who made my first time calling ever a radio station called. Great. I probably shouldn't, but I would've found Lauren and she was really strong for him. I also voted this morning when I told out my card that that did stay in the Becan and I don't really nervous, but then when you look at the booklets, the booklets says I'll go in number three so the third dot was pumped. I assume everything was okay with it. I said that again. Okay, the actual card when you slide is in. Right. And you punch the so-called for Al Gore. Right. When you pull out the card and you have to look at the card, the dot is under the name of the Becan and. But then if you look back at the booklets, it says. But you should number two, I was number three and ten and four. Right. So when you look at the dot, it's the third dot. So I assume that I don't know why they put the name on the actual card. Started to get a little perno now. Yeah. Well, no, it actually got me a bit more. Because I never looked at the card once I pulled it out because I assumed that I mean everything was in line. I mean, and I just punched them and they didn't seem to be any problem. I never bothered working at it again because I had full confidence that everything was right in line. Why I punched it. My mistake was working at the card. Yeah. And then I got all nervous because the dot is under the camera. Everybody in town is going like what's that? Well, you know when you punch the whole, I just say, the whole is under the camera and me. So then I thought, oh my god, I didn't line up the card right. So I put it back in. You know, when I was like, did I line up the card? Well, as long as it was lined up next to a ghost name, that's all I count. That's why they have to do it with it. Okay. And I won't keep repeating, but the book shows go in number three. Right. The whole shows number three. Right. But on the card itself with the whole is you're okay. You're okay. So we don't worry about it. That was initially. Okay. Okay. I think, wait, you think one more time would have done it? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10. Now that we ever get that guy straight enough. No, no, no, no. We do. You don't keep your nose out of that hole. Okay. God. Gamma. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. Good. Congratulations on being the sole voice of reason in this horrible town. Yes, I am. I have to tell you that it's just amazing sense of frustration. You know, I look at George Bush and here's a guy trying to remember what he's supposed to think as opposed to actually coming anybody. He is such a concoction, such a fabrication of the media. I mean, you know, sometimes there are figureheads like Reagan. We are movie actors. They're selected. Groups, figureheads. Remember they're lying. Get on first. There's this reason to be forced. I'm a leave of interest. He said we're pushing a close and ready for that. I know. But at least it's looking up a little bit right now. Well, I hope so. Really, I can you imagine a Republican Congress that a Republican like pushing me. No, no, no, I can't really call her a toward. And the area of what I'm saying, if that happens, all of most of the people who go to Bush who shouldn't and believe all of that, if I think that's where no fight, not with the truth is. OK, so we're going to want to ask. Have a good bet. The area of trouble, put it out last time we had that. It was a Republican president and Congress 1956. Well, I was now in Washington and he made it for a good point. And that is in 56 to be publicans, word controlled by right wing. He was very kind. He called him conservatives. But he really meant was, rather the right wing conservatives. So he was, you know, taking off the names, Tom D'Ae and Trent Lot and the audio audio. You know, then it's past your rhymes with bastard. And that's what you're going to have, baby, which is a real good idea. You know, something before the day is out, you still have some time. Good day to get down to that passport office or at least make a phone call, get your application. If that's it, in a mail, you'll pass a port though. North cabani or is it says in that spot, I'm sorry. Here's a mobile less Tom B. Hello. Hey, how you doing now? OK. Hey, I just wanted to let you know the crazy Bush people up here on West Tom B. Chair, got little children out on the B. B. Corner out in front of a Christian school. Oh, I thought a Christian school would go to like those old Christians. Well, not not just not just a clue out of a Christian school, but smart children holding both for Bush signs. Next to a busy highway. On the other hand, on the curve, they don't care. Those kids are out of the room. So you'll figure out what over Big deal, just make a whole bunch more. But the fetuses are the only ones they care about. Once you're out, they don't care. Can you imagine dropping your children off at school and then finding them out on the curve, but, you know, campaigning. Or finding them out in the middle of the street and heavy traffic. Yeah, that's the crazy Bush people up here on West Tom. I thought I got how's the evongle up there? Well, I don't see a lot of Bush people. I see, you know, on the corners. I haven't been by any voting booths yet, but out on the corners, all I see is four people. All right. Thanks for the good news, Tom. OK. Yeah, you're a little kids out of the street. You've got Christians out there. Cut the crap. For those ads again, I'm so inspired when I read those ads. Those full page ads in this weekend. Newspapers here. What a Christian, both for Al Gore. Seven issues are made biblical perspective. These people need desperately to be put in an institution. They need to be put away. They go understand that the rest of us don't care about their hallucinatory problems. People want to be the left alone. That's what they want. Let's alone. Like I said, DNA, stunoharm, leave everybody alone and we'll all get along just fine. And if you want to be a nerd, if you want to be a retard, go right ahead. You're still there to be able to be alone. And you can be a nerd. You can be a born again, whatever you want. You can even be like, do you believe women? But hopefully not. I'm not sure I shouldn't have mentioned him today. That's bad news. How are we doing that in Connecticut race? Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh. See, as much as it would be self-defeating for a Democrat like you are truly. I think it would be poetic justice to go on a leaderman win. And then the Democrats fail to control or send it by one vote that being the one Connecticut or the governor has been appointed Republican to replace Libreman. Now, what is this? Who got your vote today? Where is this call from? Oh, this is cute. Yeah, American online. Like these like those polls make any sense. It says, looks like W stands for win. So are your guy laws. Here's a AOL in viral clen whatever the hell that is. If you can in 422 votes, Bush 65,816, grow a 44898, later 3482.9%, other rate for the answer. 118,000,000, to the other 36 votes and Bush has got 55,000,816. Now we're going to believe anything including our poll that we see on the Internet? No, because wherever you're on to that. All that it was put up any national poll on the Internet immediately 72 million bush people are running on there like there's a fire in their pants. 560, here's a mobile in Naples. Hello. Hi, Neil. My girlfriend and I love your show. We've tried to listen every day and two last two Fridays. We went into the spec music over here in Naples. But we are under 100 years old. Okay, great. We live in Naples. We don't want to suspect your last two Fridays. And as 17 year old countercits, the key change were never shipped. And we've had about a million people come in and they have for them. But we never got them. I know what you don't have the key change. None of the specs do. Great. Wow. I think that's not funny. The other thing I had was I know sometimes you're sitting on the home in the area. I got a great one for you. Okay. I'm open to Naples. I've been a professional waiter for about one year. I've worked everything for five stars who are featured in this. I think you could have a great poll on Sheath and World. She's a sipper and I can give you the five real quick headlines. British, the French, the Canadian, the French Canadian, the French Canadian. And the French Canadian. And Baki. Don't you think? I have a 20 year waiter. Me all have to eat it all. I mean, you can not imagine what they'll eat. I think we did that back when we had that Thai Tony thing going on. But it's a little bit of what they're doing again. That was an awesome. We, that's what I say. We love your show. And the only thing I hope out of today's poll is that. I'll be counting it's an after. Can you imagine this campaign, Pfizer? What do we get? We've got an after. You've got an after. You've got an after. Okay. I'm on the right thing. Hey, Pat, you're getting a head to back to New York City. But there's a big message. Bye, bye, bye, bye. From everybody in the universe. 1802 votes on our poll. So take that and shove it. Mr. Hotchat. That's something that Paul before. No, no, no, no. Like a bunch of little kids, you know. A bunch of little school kids in a sandbox. We'll get a lot of that tomorrow. Yes, the bush might still win. 133 votes for Gore, 72.3% in our poll. Here in South Florida, which is going to make the different. South Florida will pick the balance in the selection. In addition to which, see what this guy forgets. All of those votes from Texas and Oklahoma. And then that who are. Sing out there. That old Rocky Mountain area where he's got all of his Montana and the Dakota's. And the New Mexico and the Netherlands Mexico. Colorado. Wyoming, which is where Dick is from. What do I leave out? Idaho. All on the Yahoo. It's effective. You look at the states where bushes ahead. See, this is a real interesting way to judge this election. When you try to analyze what America is all about what it's become. Take a look at the states where he's ahead. I mean, really ahead. Here they are. Alabama. Probably he's a little background music. Yeah, Alabama. Alaska. Arizona. The most right wing of the mall. Arkansas. The nice Arkansas. Oh, sorry. Colorado. She kind of realized what. Illinois. Delaware. Now she. This is wrong. He's not going to win Delaware. I'm not. This is. I'm going by the break down. I'm just. I was hallucinating about and maybe I'm target. Georgia. I was the Maddox. When he saw up there. Idaho. Indiana. Kansas. Louisiana. Maine. He's not going to give you that wrong. Mississippi. Montana. Nebraska. New Hampshire. North Carolina. North Dakota. Oklahoma. South Carolina. South Dakota. Tennessee. Utah. Virginia. And Wyoming. Go leave out. And Wyoming. You know what? The one thing that those places all have in common. Yeah. Yahoo places. There's a post to the West Coast. Those three states out there as opposed to the Northeast as opposed to like Maryland and Delaware and Connecticut and Massachusetts and Maine and New York and Pennsylvania and Michigan and Wisconsin and Minnesota and Florida. Reports of it anyway. Should give you real tip off. See that's why it's so difficult now for anybody who's two steps to the left of a total of 100 women presidential election in this country because we got a bunch of men here. And that's right. This is the mud won country. All of them people up there in Tennessee got like an extra thumb going out of where they're eroded supposedly. All right. Let's pick it a little baby. Twenty six after one at five sixty WQA. The new Roger show. Sports radio. Five sixty. Two. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. I am the Getsender at the Order of the Getsender. I am the Getsender of the Order. But he likes about his best. I find the book is in where the Getsender is at the Order. When he religiously goes, they say, who are you in the Getsender? Why are you in the Getsender of the Getsender? We have no reason to go with the Getsender. We are the Getsender of the Getsender of the Getsender. My religion is better than your religion. My religion is better than your life. We are not alone to bother you like full of Russia's view. My religion is better than your life. My religion is better than your life. My religion is better than your life. My religion is better than your life. We are not alone to bother you like full of Russia's view. My religion is better than your life. We are not alone to bother you like full of Russia's view. My religion is better than your life. My religion is better than your life. My religion is better than your life. My religion is better than your life. My religion is better than your life. My religion is better than your life. My religion is better than your life. My religion is better than your life. My religion is better than your life. My religion is better than your life. My religion is better than your life. My religion is better than your life. My religion is better than your life. My religion is better than your life. My religion is better than your life. My religion is better than your life. My religion is better than your life. and it's one direction so skewed up. Without gold with 72% and George W. with only 18 and eight with only 4.8%. Here's a call from Gainesville, huh? Hey Neil, it's going on. How you doing, sir? Pretty good, pretty good. I'm sitting here in one hand. I got my passport in one hand and about in the other. I'm just stomachs wain for the gold for the selection. You know what I mean? And up here in Gainesville, I tell you, you see some of the people up here. All these push supporters, they seem to be just all about and injury, really not about substance. And you got these people around campus here in the US. Now, push stickers and, you know, gators for bush and gators want some bush. And if it seems like they're all about the image of it and they had George Peep bush appears to be in real heroes on Friday and in really, yeah. They really try to rally that we're publishing because it's not an answer. George Peep was up there. Was he running around the dormitories, looking for his girlfriend screaming and running around and making stuff like that? Oh yeah, he was like, I'm squeezing a somewhere to, you know, I mean, you know, they try to get this image thing going on. You got these girls and these baby dudes and these blonde, these flakey girls would be skated for bush figures on there. You just wonder, you know, I thought about it. You kind of bought up earlier about the fact that if GW wins, you're going to have the nice face of legislation or all Republicans and of course the Florida Legislative Republicans are using to have this regime and then just going to be, I don't know, man. I think I'm headed for the pamphlet office today, you know. Hey, man, what's crazy? It's not. What's going on? It's not. It's not. People are in the water for my cleanest, yeah, time. OK. And just vote for Bush. Here. See you. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What do you want? Let's find a used to say karate with dark. And now they're calling it for a player part. To the blue. It's time for the change. The new loser already has to show up in your under way. And no one knows Lee is allowed in there. So you'll have a look up. Checking out both of them. I did the fine and down. So I can get my hand up with a game and move. Hey, that's like I could have alone. That around over my golden now. Now you can see a lot more out of the game. Since everybody is addressed to the same, you can look around. It's me. What can you do? This is paradise out. I never realized that they're good at it. But they'll be glad if my job is as a football player. You'll be surrounded and now it's easy. Who's that? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Move it. I'm just blind man. I'm just blind man. I'm just blind man. I'm just blind man. I'm just blind man. Check that. I'm just blind man. Wait down. Please, I'm just blind man. Well, I'm blind man. What's that? I hate it. It's a lot of old things. And this is the best kind of the word that is. Which is fair. That's a fun zone of a dog. At the corner of the house. I never realized that I was doing it with me. I'll be mad if my job is as a football player. So I'll be his job. And now it's easy. Hard. Hard with me. Hard. And there's easy. Hard. What's your favorite five sixty QM? Here's the fact from Jamie and Plantation who says I just want to say I'm much I love your show and yada. And what the panther sucks so much lack of talent Jamie. Also it says, can I buy the best of meal 2000 stores or only five of the website? In the stores, inspects everywhere. They grow out of Palm Beach even in Fort Myers and Abel's. They got your best son. Thank you. Jamie got bless America. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T. That's another thing that bogus pulled from the internet that they said. I mean it would be like my saying, oh, we're going to win a landslide. It's not for you. But I mean you don't represent something as being what it's not. But it's part of the psychology. It's the Pac-Man'sality that they've been appealing to all along. Just like we didn't know Hampshire. Did they win New Hampshire? Oh, they got their asses kicked big time by John McCain. Big time. Here's sunrise. Hello. Yeah, I do. Okay. I go to school. Go to the government. And secondly, the butt of the guy I was talking about. How human and butt of his friends went to vote on Saturday. Yeah. First of all, I think our person would be able to vote on the internet. At the government, at some government officers. And he did that to reason why he voted on Saturday just to let him know. You can vote on the internet? Yeah. I'm pretty sure. And if you can pick you up the guys vote on Saturday. Okay. So just let him know. All right. And like I said, democratic all the way and go go. Okay. Do you believe that George, you can vote on the internet? No. Not yet. Not yet. I'm the internet. But you know, who knows? Maybe it may not be as all kinds of votes coming in. Who knows is where they're coming from. Maybe that lady can call back again and tell me about how it was three and four and you can whatever. Just one more time. I think we missed it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT and T and provide some wireless lines. It's big deal. It's big and a boat of us. Ah, it's so nice. 15, you're cute. It's such a refreshing thing to do. So much food is a fancy place. George, where did you all go? No, no, that way. All the AT and T, all the way up to the yellow bar. That's wonderful. When we're doing all the... The end of those two, I try to blow the ball down. Like they're the enemy we were. I just like they were the teenagers I'm buying. I just want to pay hand. I still have no sub-ass to ask. All I don't think are a bad if I was close. Oh, it's so nice to see you too. For that something that's only guy can do. So that food is a fancy place. Still all done. Joe, let's know that way. All the AT and T, all the AT and T, all the way up to the yellow bar. That's wonderful. Or it's so nice to see you too. It's such a refreshing thing to do. It's so nice to see you. After I thought of my favorite things about that real Christian cause, God. It's what mandatory before every meal, you can wash it down. I'm so busy going and take a leak. And always, with it early, when they just opened and they got the fresh ice in the urinal, like, condive it. And you see how much of it you can melt away. It's like a contest Yeah, and you're right. You're like point in different directions like a little over here little over there And like it's like a meltdown You like some notes that even we would make a big hole and The only women out there you see you may be able to strap on on but guess what ladies you know the strap on job you can't be on cubes That's right unless you got really a strange posture Okay, where we go now. I'm sure if it's one of the great delighted roots crispy cuz it got the best ice cube And the men's urinal And the food is great Here's a mobile and tavenier hello good afternoon. Yes, sir. You know what they really disturbing you mentioned it before was with all these new stations Molly talking heads and with all the facts about this guy It's amazing that he was able to not answer any questions As his visor as wise amount of a couple of weeks ago He's not answered any reporters questions and nothing's been done on the media about this Yeah, they're given him a free pass. I It's just it I mean even for getting about the D W. W. I think about the fact he lied to the reporter and Dallas just the thing in the military I mean it was on the front page in the Boston globe It's been in Palma Gellos book for an eternity. It's on all these websites It's not something that's some crazy wild-eyed liberal made up and yet they just don't care about this I don't get it. I need a very sad But anyway, I think you want to take this. I think this is a medium revenge for Clinton and they're divided by curiously too Algo I think that's what this is well I found one information on your website. Thanks to Eric Great about anywhere you right and there's another I looked up another website that I was trying to find some information on pop bar and Oh boy, you have to go read publicins with call with their pants down check it out and when you people are done voting for go today I tried a picture or did it get thought it's okay You know and speaking of Bob. What are you saying? It's a lie. I am not a lot of things. Just take a little bit of mustache and bring a lot of things back to mine You know lots of things five six seven all five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T others that idiot patch Loader one thing makes it come together on is that we really don't mean our congressman or senators are the president in our That room telling us what to do like I said nice one pet She just gives me the creeps you know, she is one of the most she always thinks that look on a face like somebody just farted real Oh God that's pee. Oh, yeah, yeah That's what I think when I see her exactly that same. Yeah What are we doing? It's a call before two or five sixty. Let's go to a cross-ring. Hello Hey, no, yes, sir. Let's go back from Italy and The acronym for this country should not be US should be assets You add and scary right because the people over there are laughing at us It's unreal I have a friend of mine that I do business with over there and we were sitting down talking politics and stuff like that He said you know the whole thing there were laughing yeah, it was just a big deal They shouldn't be laughing at us about the election though because the Italian government changes is often as they change the underworld You know every couple weeks that's true, but it's this whole thing today. I'm just I think I have a year-old balance in room today Yeah, I don't know what's gonna happen. Well I think at least there's a little bit of hope though. Maybe not much, but look like there's a shot Yeah, but it it shouldn't be this close. I know I mean it should be a landslide That's the scary thing about it. Well, they're one of the most widespread election But if you can blame the public in and they do a lot of blame because they're pretty dumb But also blame in the media, but blame the grower campaign I mean for crying out loud like so many people are sitting the last few years instead of dwelling on social security Which only panders to one demographic group? They should have been talking about it's still the economy stupid and taking you know Credit for the things that happened in the last eight years talking about the prosperity and are you better off now than you were eight years ago Like they were saying before when Reagan came in that's what they should have been doing and they really went a cock-eyed campaign Yeah, but he did a lot of things wrong. You should never pickly That's what I was without saying that was it and there's the hidden factor that we never really got to know because nobody will fess up to it But that's the hidden fact you today is the anti-Semitic poll out there again three women Well, I mean, I just wear it. What do you think? And in fact, when I saw his name on a ballot there when I punched the girl this morning I saw a leverman actually I said to myself Oh boy, I had a hold my nose a little bit. Yeah, and about that ballot thing I'm not squeezing my mouth How can anybody possibly think that you can and we don't like number eight He was like eight swat on the ballot. Yeah I don't know what these people are talking about. I mean, I I had no problem at all I mean the fact that I didn't does make it so but I mean my ballots fit on the hole on the thing perfectly I have a two-fing yeah, I punched the things and that's it I put it in that little thing and I handed it to the guy and he tore off his part I stuck my thing in a box and I took my little sticker Yes, I voted that was the end of that That's it. I mean these people are getting a little paranoid The scary are about the sky possibly being president not only being president But having all the people in Congress to back him. Yeah, it is the people that are out there voting for you I mean people if you can't punch the right hole in the ballot. Yeah, stay the hell all exactly Jesus cry I got you'll meal pass a portal and I'm squeezing this guy. Well keep your fingers crossed. Okay. Call me for B. Chan I'm scared. Ciao. Bye 9 out of B. 4 2 at 5. Safety W to QM Most of the any. We're like they say that spot. I'm sorry. Multibany multidenies That's what I think W is been taken more per penny That's why you act like that Neil Roger show sport radio 5 60 You a I just want to let you listen to self-floor. There's number one hockey fan new radios on sport radio 5 60 QA Well, I think they're happy start by the over talk about the old country I was by the years old and claimed for a dummy team Let us tie my miss goal against all of their sport mix Coach not enough put me in small dots with what I'd fit in my head for 12 hours Next time I miss gold KGB rate my model But it's time I score board but against ideal staff and And feel this leader gave my family peace of peace Watch the dancers will again