Things that can get you high in your car. Hello, this is Barrel Strawberry. And believe that or not, we've sealed Wipe Up Floyd is a great app of these mag. And it'll get you going, boy. Just pour a little bit in the funnel and Wamo is better than Viagra. So it is a little hot on a Gizzard going that. The Daryl Strawberry is full of addiction. Open now, Tampa. If I'm a Captain of the Falson God, where is the North of the North? Captain of the Falson God, call the Fuck down! And now, up Crumbs. Hold up! Have they seen you through the buildings, off? Not coming at Roor Capital. I send them in to go and allow people to pass them to theThanks� company. Busy Rise! Furs on the Loch. Three, two, one, Cllaiva. Oh, come down Joe, come down wasn't Jerry Falco as the meat tree is scheduled, but that's okay, well take it. Hang it on for desperation there and over time we'll collect the catch the weed in it. And the last minute desperate. Nice move there, Terry. I measure in the stick thanks to my good buddy Len Perry and Terry rhymes with Mary, but at any rate a little bit on the desperate side is the leaf's just refused to refuse to lose. But nobody cares about hockey here do they? Oh no, pretty damn exciting game. You know I was at the track with like catching bits and pieces in between losing tickets. Well I was picking a losing by the way. What a great segue that was. Well first let's start with yesterday's pool. We asked yesterday is it finally time for our grow to concede. We had 847 votes as of this moment quite a few. And when I left here yesterday it was running about 65 to 35. No you hang in there, Alan, just keep up the good fight. But then I noticed it's five o'clock. I went to my computer at home and I clicked on our website and I voted myself at that point. You know what I voted at that time at five o'clock I voted. Yeah and I noticed that there was a major turn the warmest turning at that point after the judge ruled that Saul's in Leon County. 847 votes 58% 491 still say oh don't give it up don't you have the ghost ale and 355 that's 42% say yes. So our significant change there in Leon's to whatever it is nine hours. Since the I think him in like I said the last 12 of 20 hours. And I know that this is going to disappoint a lot of people out there who are you are you're a quitter. Well I'm just giving my opinion I think the time has come. Even George is saying yeah I think the time has come. Or little feudal I think at this point. Well if that's not feudal because they still have the and I think judge saws like I told me before we came on the air to there I think what he was doing was saying two things first of all they didn't prove their case beyond a shadow of it. I wish I would agree with him I thought they presented a pretty marginal case. And number two because he's keeping the all the ballots that they slept up they're impounded. If the photo Supreme Court over rules him and says okay go ahead and count those 14,000 votes they still got them up there. They can still go ahead and count those it's not going to take forever to count that many votes. And I don't think you're going to find any one judge anywhere in America who wants to overturn the result of any election. In fact you look at the Florida Supreme Court who voted seven to zip a few days ago and said oh it a butterfly ballots okay they know the butterfly ballots illegal but courts are low to overturn the results of any election that's just the way it is. And I think that's probably a pretty good thing in the long run especially once we get released to put paper ballots. So let's ask the full question today pretty much the same but we'll change it a little bit and we'll see if the warman's really turning. The next act up 94 should point out and the downs up 1117 because the market people, the big money people they want to bush mice to win there. And let us be far giving the full question let me just say this to you. And I it's just taken me until now to realize this I guess I'm a little bit slow and probably it's a good thing because otherwise it wouldn't have been as exciting and people wouldn't have been forming it to mouth as much about this stuff. But the fact is you've got a Senate that's divided right down in the middle even Stephen would leave him in back in Connecticut and they can have him 50 50 in the Senate. Now that Maria can't well one on Washington and flash Gordon considered. And the houses just a handful of votes apart even though we got these these blue dog blue nose asshole Democrats are really Republicans and drag these southern Democrats who used to call him Dixie Crats even they're sucking up with bush and they're sucking up to them to try to give you votes. But the fact remains this if they try to appoint some lightweight fascist justice are they going to get them confirmed in the Senate. Oh no no way. Because even with Tania's the type like we're assuming it's hard to still be getting at that point there's always going to be a handful of small just like during impeachment a small handful of moderate Republicans who are going to say no we're not going for that asshole. And the same thing with that massive tax cut and all these other things that all these promises that bush made Star Wars all of these things are they going to get you this common. Oh no so basically what you're going to have is gridlock which the markets love and which really wouldn't be all that bad. So we know you got a double winner a real bozo in addition to which also you've got the 92 congressional elections and like the grubinator election here in Florida coming up which will be a golden opportunity for people to like strike back. So assuming that bush does get in it looks very likely that he will it's not going to be the end of the world that they would have had a strong Republican Congress that I think we'd have some real serious problems. Those of us who are a little bit to the left of a till of the hunt. So here's the full question today. Now that he's lost in court again our war should exhaust all legal options or concede. Huh there you go let's see if we have any change of heart today. Now that he's lost in court again our war should exhaust all legal options or concede on your rages.com. What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? What do you say? I tell you what I say yesterday I turned this audience on to a tremendous product. Don't this is not a sponsor it's not the nobody's paying me nobody's giving me any free stuff yet. Where's the free stuff George? But oh I just figured a George. A long George is birthday and I mentioned that today so if anybody wants to send us some presents no see it's always good to mention just like you put it on the calendar and big uh it's writing up there yeah I know I mentioned that today so that anybody wants to send a gift like if we're no one wants to send you like a voucher for that free meal at Eosia. And see remember I'm glad that I didn't send you any words to be gifted because quite frankly now that zero ox looks like it's going on to business that 25 grand that's going in the crap or thanks to your brother or laws a bad dream that he had that night yeah that dream about the shekavira be was buying a billion shares of zero ox or whatever the story was some cockamy me bunch of crap. Looks like zero ox maybe going under. What do you think those Romans in the Togas remember they I think that's what put them over the edge with those spots with the Romans in the Togas that's what them in. Pretty scary when a company like zero ox is on the verge of bankruptcy and that's uh yeah sounds like uh that whole legal business I mean that the investing business sounds like legalized uh laws biggest kind of stuff they ought to want to start perforasing anybody else that David didn't say about he didn't say that he just thought he said that yes that he didn't say it he's a great guy we love him and he's down here and he's probably listening anyway he did not say that I said it I've been saying that for years it's like uh gambling for suitua and like tools the stock market and all these people have come on the ear like I'm seeing BC and all these other places they're just touts that's all they're doing they're touting it I should mention they're hearing on the um seminal case the absentee ballots in seminal county they're be hearing at one thirty before the hangin black galaidie judge up there Leon County. Anyway the product yesterday I talked about was carves solutions well let me do the break and then I want to talk about that for like two or three hours gone that's great stuff one day and probably a lot of people out there saying oh that facts lie he couldn't get you one day without eating well guess what did I eat anything yesterday solid? No no I tell you one thing you're going to sit and solid this morning if that's an under story was two pounds the first day and I feel great the symptoms of my grude and my abs and all this argue they have like basically uh at least for the moment subsided and I feel fantastic so thanks to my good friends there are publics for keeping a lot of this stuff in stock hopefully the lights will be stuck and I made sure to be allowed to call them immediately this morning and also hopefully since they're up in vocal beginning like about five hundred cases of this stuff down here it is great which I'll tell you more about it no question of the phoenix may be busy for that be stressed written for mission of w2a and BC fried pancripping clover in it this is the face of erectile dysfunction well what you're not going to show my face are you relax this is just the radio oh my god this is the face of jack promise of 136 oh till road in Louisville Kentucky what are you building he has erectile dysfunction come on I got family to think about friends he can't get it up oh god I have to go to work them are all he can't pitch a tent raise the reasal straighten the mask man I'm going to kill you if you too suffer from erectile dysfunction don't be afraid you're just like jack promise of 136 oh till road in Louisville Kentucky stop being my name and it's jack promise of 136 oh till road in Louisville Kentucky can face his erectile dysfunction can't you stop please I bet you give you erectile dysfunction anyone can get it even jack promise of 136 oh till road in Louisville Kentucky oh oh god more than him again 10 14 at five six he's ever to QI have happy Tuesday to hear somebody just backs his list and they ask him how much this story maybe because I was with the track losing my money last night to see the OJ story I heard about it anyway the kill McColle oh not that sir we know that one our OJ Simpson was involved in an altercation with other motorists who claimed to follow football great ramp his blanches and scratched in Miami police said the man told police he saw black Ford navigator drive past the stop sign Monday in the suburban community of Kendall the man whom police would not identify said he flipped his life to this sports utility vehicle the navigator stopped and it's driver exited the vehicle and walked toward the other car detective Rudy Espinoza said the two men argued briefly he said Simpson and reached inside the car and pulled the glasses off the victim's face causing a small scratch on his face the victim went home and called police and was able to identify the driver the black navigator as or involved James Simpson Espinoza said Simpson has not been charged he would to be questioned today by Miami Dave police reporters from TV stations WSVN and WPLG said the white dissimption told that he wouldn't come on the incident but he did say kill McColle yeah how do you like that how do you like uh you know what I've always said have when I said something this is very very good advice to keep in mind a scumbag is a scumbag in what I'm saying you follow my yeah once a scumbag always a scumbag and OJ you're a scumbag again kill McColle and we don't about that too because last time he had an ipad pic in his hand I'm sorry here's the fact this says is a registered independent I've decided the best way to voice my disagreeing or the way the state government and the Republican party and hold a sound of the voice and will the people in South Florida is to change my party affiliation to democratic party if you'd deem it a good idea please spread the message and encourage other registered independent to South Florida do the same sign they soon to be Democrat there you go you don't get mad just get even that's another cliche another slogan for you to live by don't get pissed just get even and while I've plenty of opportunity to do that in two years especially especially when we say something to governor Jim Bush you know we're gonna say yeah audio see you and get rid of some of these fascists the and I know that they're gonna be some of the people are gonna say wow you know you're wrong Neil because what about those 14 thousand votes you see you let if they do a purport of Supreme Court overruled judge solves and says you need to be counted there's always going to be the stench of manure hanging over the fact wow you know we're looking now for a little tiny dimples and pimples and well and it just it just gets to the point of being ridiculous and also even the thing in seminal and martin counties there can be no question anybody's mind even if you're just a little bit objective that there was some serious hanky panky with those absentee ballots and the application forms but but does that mean you can track how do you know which ones you throw out we just today is the fifth of December a week from today at least according to the deadline at the the first deadline that's supposed to be the day that the state of appointed selectors even though officially they have a lot more time than that but nevertheless that's what the the day that's been planted in the mind of the public and you know as well as either the four legislators you're certainly not gonna sit and let that day come and go without a pun they're on sleigh of 25 electors all pledge to George W. Bush you know that don't you know that we all know that even the dumbest of the dumb know that so what's the point oh there's a agreement grateful for the support we see we received throughout America winning in the popular vote as of today 267 elect robots and and confident that a majority of those who went to vote and Florida intended to vote for Al Gore for president of the United States and that simple principle as you know is that is what we are continuing to pursue in the courts of Florida we are there's the chigrin wood pile right there there's the the real extra weekland go as we can up to begin with but there was the real extra weekland that just broke it off at the past 32 votes already on here very close see how different it is right now I voted for concede I voted for pop seed now that he's a lost in court again Al Gore should exhaust all legal options 17 can seed 15 I mean it's as close as a which is irrelevant it's tight here's the call in plantation hello hey Neil how you doing pretty good let's talk about George Melry Old Solfer minutes it's obvious because the Republicans went to help and to try to get Nicky Clark office case by filing motions to refuse taking it up on a peel and then refiling the motions all which were denied right they didn't get it off of there yet if they thought George Solves was not in their pocket like so many nickels and dimes that they would have done the same thing with him which I'm not buying that at all you know I don't think he was anybody's pocket first of all he used to be Republican he switched he's a registered Democrat now number one and number two I was not the same at least not all of it but a lot of the same testimony that you didn't he did and I don't think that they made their case I thought the case was extremely weak well I agree with you except the move that they should have made was they should have brought the 9000 ballots to the courtroom put up a witness like gun for somebody else and said and when they got to either 931 or 538 you know and say these are poor votes then they would have established a precedent to say that we had enough votes to say bring them to the courtroom but who was going to count them on the way to stand itself they should have held up thousands of ballots to a witness well they weren't just going to hand over the ballots to some witness to sit there and play with on the a witness dance that's not how it worked not to play with it but I think how to do anything with it not to touch it not to find it not to squeeze it not to poke it not to to a scraper they weren't going to do that well no chance he was going to do it the real the real uh it's you here is when Clark rules like 180 degrees from the way souls ruled and says it's a 15 thousand dollar to out or out you'll see the rule of law crowd go go not how do you know she's going to do that well that's that's just my opinion I mean obviously we have opinions and that's my opinion yeah he's going to say they're out and the rule or law crowd will not have the rule on their size and it's just same thing with the NRA and forced the laws and the books will show and forced the laws and the books so fashion the remedy to say 15 thousand around and a point of fact if you listen to the Republican people talking the talking head for the Republicans talking about if he could do it or not none of them have a good reason why he can't do it yeah not not not but then you know what's going to happen after that then immediately they'll appeal that decision to the supporters of the court to put it'll be a title order just like solve order and it affordes the pre-corneal faith okay and I mean yeah I'll go out I'm glad you're so confident but there are a lot of people that thought the Florida Supreme Court would say the valentum prom beach the butterfly ballot was illegal and it almost certainly is and yet it was seven and nothing they said they weren't going to declare illegally okay because the only remedy was a repo yeah but the differences they won't have the decision underneath like if court's decision underneath is tight and it's a tight order then then when they take it out that's the whole decision or the bar just says it's a ballot or whatever judge it was said that the butterfly ballot was not illegal but of court rules underneath that that the 15 thousand around then they take it up on that and they can't then it's the same thing they can't say she abused the discretion if she has some say no I don't think LeBarget didn't rule and the ballot wasn't illegal I think he just will let it wasn't within as authority to order another repo that he just he basically passed the ball well that's a difference but by having a of the court underneath finding that there is a problem in the ballots are out yeah if there's an affirmative rolling underneath then the same abusive discretion standard applies to the judge underneath so the folks don't you think that judge saws was also passing the buck and in saying that we're going to keep the ballots here and now it's up to the floor to Supreme Court and if they want to overrule and find them and go ahead and count them of course you passed the ball you know basically but instead of it we kind of counted to the appointed many special methods maybe nine to do a thousand thousand uh ballots each and then they could have done it five hours but you know something in no matter one he was going to rule it would have been a peer of the Supreme Court they weren't going to start counting until the final appeal was heard by the floor to Supreme Court either way they sort of at least separated them out to think we see whether or not it was possible for them they had them separated out they haven't separated no no separated out you know to say that these are absolutely no votes these are these are questionable court questionable bush and and then they were separated they're in envelopes believe you and I tell you they're separated all the nine thousand or the ones they've already counted yes the nine thousand are separated in the 3300 and promised orders of their envelopes so it hasn't been any stories out of the you know the how many questions will go on how many questions will bush out of the night that I don't know well they haven't been of course not because they haven't been looked at yet but they're in separate envelopes that's interesting to find out how many of the out of the order okay have a right there good luck to us all there's a confident guy says that the black judge up there she's judge Clark she's going to go ahead and say a seminal county you're out Martin County you're out throw them out that's thousands and thousands and I'll go to head we'll see we'll see if he's right next except one fifteen the markets are soaring because the markets want bush to be money people want bush make no mistake about that and that's a tell you a lot here's Hollywood hello hi just want to say looking back now you see how important was for the republican terrorist to shut down the vote count where you know if court would have come there he didn't have a one vote lead I mean boy the judges are really but you see you see what the problem was when they county when David lay he went out when they said okay we don't have time where you're going to stop when they did that if they would have just started once and gone right on through and kept going and not have been intimidated they would have had those votes counted in the same in Palm Beach if they would wouldn't have had all the stops and starts they could have finished browner county even worked on Thanksgiving day and they worked through the night and somehow they got all their votes counted so if all the votes would have been counted the case in Leigh on county that we just got through here and would have been a good point because all about to have been looked at already exactly in an order put bush on a defensive right so this one if they came out the way we're thinking you know one vote lead right all it is that while you prove your case the thirties ballots out it's almost the reverse of what you have now right because the way the judges are really unless you come in and we're machine guns and steal ballots you know they say you're a bomb bottle you know you mentioned one vote lead you know they just think of yourself what would have happened after they did all of these recount if if bush or a world war would have won by like three or four votes yeah really is there anybody in this course or not if there anybody in the state or the community said oh okay well you know what one is this good is a million I don't think so you know now it's like what if it's like one out of ten thousand votes I think it is you know do the fractions on it well thank god we didn't have too many dead people vote this time good luck to all okay how many dead people you think voted in the dead county all of them I would say behind in every block nine people once speaking of those numbers guess what measly stock is well it's there I might just want you to know five six seven oh five sixty pretty interesting on a pool very very tight it is tighter than a witches ear drum now that he's lost in court again we're talking about judge Saul's ruling in the leon county yesterday obviously for anybody who slept through it algrosured exhaust all legal options fruity concede 37 you couldn't slip a curly hair in between those numbers a new balances open out did I talk about my car solutions again yeah I mentioned it but I didn't I got to go in the length about it because it's great and because that way we'll get a lot more free stuff you might have that eight can of quarter I'm on the side why did I find a me me me there's no need to fear the under votes are here fifty test the balance all the way from oddly chatty have run day don't bother hearing 1031 at 560 WQAM. Here's the facts from Amy and Ford Latterdale says the independent guy was on the right track we decided to change his party to Democrat. However, imagine if everyone angry with the Republicans, the change their party to the Republicans, their control of the primers and their candidates would be gone. Not a very good idea, Amy, because then you can't vote in your own primaries and you can't pick who's going to be in there. Which we sure is how the one allegor again in 1984. No, 2004, whenever you're going to be. Do we want him again? No way. Nice try their al, but the look I said, week trial. But guy that called before, those got a pretty good point. Of course, you can look at it from the perspective of this. And that is as long as they've dragged it out this long and tried everything under the sun. Why not wait another couple of days? I mean, they're having, I thought the hearing was Wednesday. But seeing claims and why I say claims, I want to make sure that I put that in big letters, real loud. Because these last couple of days, these networks MSNBCNC and they've been all over the place. Bill Snyder was on their last night's on CNN saying, well, you know, it was very confusing the ruling from the US Supreme Court. It took at least an hour to figure out what they were really saying. And of course MSNBC was doing even better than that saying, well, you know, we were to this advantage. We didn't have the written copy of their ruling right. Which was an excuse for their jumping or rushing to judgment and saying they had reversed the Florida Supreme Court. Did they do that? No, they did not. Just as accurate as they were on election night. Don't get it right, just get it first. But anyway, like I said, if they've dragged it out this long and waited this long, why not wait another day or two and see what Judge Clark up there does. Maybe she is pissed off at the JetBoys, huh? Maybe she's going to stick it to him. Maybe she's going to teach those white folks that pay back his a bitch and toss those votes out. And then, of course, that gets, uh, goes to the Florida Supreme Court again and we just keep going, but see, that's what bothers me. I just don't have an appetite for that anymore because I realize that Bush did steal the election. Something, let them steal it. Let the public be angry and fulfillment them often. Think about that for a couple of years. And let's also have some massive, not just campaign, uh, election campaign reform, but how about election reform in a way that we do it? And it seems to me that I'm the only one talking about that. I don't hear any. They're on their 40 hours a day, hot kind of China. About every aspect of this under the sun and the device president, pick his nose twice today and did the June leave of an eat kosher all day and all the other crap. But very little conversation. Maybe about 50 words in these last four or five weeks, whatever it's been since the election, uh, about election reform doing it right. If this is like I said yesterday, if this is supposed to be so god-wain important, then why not get it right? We're in a Stone Age paper ballots and bringing these witnesses out to talk about the plastic under the under the ballots and scraping off the chads and the accumulation of the chat and the fact that the the voting machines in Dave County hadn't been empty without cleaning eight years. Did you hear that one? Eight years. Nice quiet David Lee. You know what I want to say about David Lee? He's an asshole. He's a schmuck. He's just another hack. He's all he is. But that's all he's tight. 124 votes. Now that he's lost in court again, Al Gore should exhaust all the Galaxian 63, can see 61. You could barely slide a little tiny hair in there, you know what? Here's Hollywood, hello. Enough with the whining. It's over. Who's whining? All your colors are whining. No, they're whining. Nobody whining. It's like we're sounding like this, okay? You're the one that's whining asshole, another bush asshole. I would say these last four weeks, I don't want to exaggerate, but 99 and a half percent of the bush people I talked to have been rungal asshole. Just like him, childish juvenile. Just like the idiots with their sore loserman, uh, uh, uh, cards and placards and stickers and crap. So a loserman. I know I'd be pretty proud of my candidate win in the election by, you know, 500 in some odd votes and losing the a popular vote. Like I told you before the election, we ought to be embarrassed for all four of them because they're really pathetic. But once again, I'm one of the very few people with the, with the honesty that you bet because most of the people are so goddamn partisan. Oh, you're wrong, Neil. He's going to make a great president. Yeah, uh-huh. Just like Gerald Ford. Here's the lady in front of Myers, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. There's anything in the argument that those ballots were entered into evidence, um, up into our hassy and they weren't even looked at. Shouldn't all evidence be looked at? Well, I mean, when you say looked at, and once they look at it, what they're doing is recounting ballots, it's part of the election process. There's a difference between examining evidence. I mean, you know, that was part of the case that Democrats made. But obviously the judge didn't agree with it. And I will see what the Florida Supreme Court says. Yeah, it was like a catch 22. And then then I had, I just about died when the thing came over and they were talking to David Bois or whoever. And they were talking about the fact that immediately they were washing down the hallways so that they could get the appeal and was going to the Florida Supreme Court, which I guess this morning, they're finally getting it. And they were saying, well, certainly they can, they can have an answer on this by the end of the week. Well, guess what? Today is the fifth of December already. Yeah. By the end of the week. Well, I, uh, I don't really know what's sad. You know, the only thing I can say to your listeners is that they want to see some scary Republicans go on a little chat. Oh, I'm sure. Have you been there? No, or just let's just let's just call us like this last guy. Yeah, I mean, it's worth some of that, it's unbelievable. You know, and people wonder why, you know, this country is so divided. You know, that kind of attitude is like, you know, I don't know how you were raised. But, you know, no member of my family has that kind of disgusting attitude. Yeah. Well, there are a bunch of bigots and they don't want to admit that was the one honest call. I had one day toward the end of the last week, because I keep asking over and over again. Well, one person, give me a legitimate reason why they voted for Bush. And one guy called, then he said, well, I can't relate to the people who are Democrats now, because, uh, and I said, well, so the boys, not the five of you were big in these, and yeah, so, okay, well, these are honest. Yeah, I remember I talked to you after that. And you had mentioned that point to me. And I said, you know, honestly, that's rare. But, yeah, I mean, you know, I have the same reaction in a chat room. You know, that basically people were saying, you know, yeah, we are, you know, whatever. And I said, well, please do yourself a favor and don't look at chat rooms. chat rooms. The, the, the, well, in fact, all you have to do is look at the emails. Did you ever watch talk back on CNN? Sure. Okay, and you see the emails they keep putting up on the screen. Yeah. And you keep spinning blood because each one is more stupid than in previous one. Don't read this stuff. It'll just make your blood boil for you to tell you. Oh, yeah, it's just make my blood boil. But I've got two children. And I'm a single mother. And, you know, I've lived out of this country and I've traveled quite a bit. And, you know, I'd have to say that just because of that, I'll make it a point. And I, I have taken my children out of the country and, you know, they're bit to young, but, you know, I definitely encourage that. And, you know, the reason that I have to look at our angles is because I need to know what's going on. You know, I need to know what's actually my children about. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And I, you know, I think it's important. Well, I don't think too many parents are talking. I don't think they're talking to their children too much straight because when they keep taking these pools of the kids like they would do me for the election and Bush was like a million votes ahead, nation, water, two million or whatever was by this humongous margin. And then when I saw the thing of the ovation for Bush at the hockey game last Wednesday, I have to really wonder what kind of venues are being given a kid in this country. Well, let me tell you, I voted for glory and that because I'm a diehard Democrat, I'm not. But, you know, for I think some of the obvious reasons why people, you know, were voting for a major, which I think was stupid. But, you know, I've got a seven-year-old daughter and I basically waited out to her. Hey, don't take my opinion. You've got to wait until you understand everything that's going on. And you've got to form your own opinion. Don't just, you know, stand there and shout, go or go because, you know, I have no vote for the party. You know, so, you know, I think it basically would all boil down to people's up bringing what you taught at home. It all starts at home. You know, racism and bigotry is something that's, it's learned. Yeah, well, just ask the boy scouts. Okay, so it doesn't have a nice day. Speaking of the boy scouts, they're so in brown-word county school board. And that's right. I'll get into that in a second. There's a great line in the story in the year old today. Oh, man, just like I need to plan all over again. What are you doing? Yeah, 24 11 at 560 W. to Q-N. Thank you, Rodgers shows. Cru sports radio 560s C. A. Good Furc. Oh my god, Time for the Hall of the Days. The most unusual Christmas album ever. All up row, Wing Freeы, furniture, Christmas classic. Well, listen down down down down charcoal. Listen to Oprah, pass gas and Christmas mask. All growing three first, the Christmas class is available in the freezer session at RELC. 1044 at 5.50 WCM. Here's a facts from Redland. It says I think you're absolutely correct in assessing the heart of Saul's ruling. Was all there probably 600 gore under votes in date. The plaintiff failed to show how using the same methodology statewide, he could substantially alter the outcome. While I don't think there's a nickel difference in the two men at this point, I'm captivated by the theater. Face it to come back now, it'd be the most romantic resurrection since Easter morning, 33 AD. Sign Jesus Christer. 560, here's the fact that says I wanted to wish George a happy birthday. My birthday is also December 6th. Have a great day tomorrow. GoFans, Jamie and Plantation. How do you like that? A lot of famous people have just numbers six billion. Yeah, I told you. What did I tell you? Right, George. I'm going to mention that today and right away you'll be getting all kinds of gifts. Now, probably Greg Reed will be in here tomorrow about 50 cent. You think you're going to get a gift from Greg Reed? No, 50 cent. No. How about a in the face, maybe? I've got my bonus from what? From the summer book. You got yours. It's only December the 5th. Yeah, I got mine because it's in my contract. That's why once you have your lawyer put in your contract, Mr. Hotchot. You better study a lot more humble pie or speak into that. They probably got some low carb humble pie. This carb solutions. I don't want to go ballistic on this. In fact, it's probably just as well if I don't because I rushed to publics right after work yesterday and luckily my sawgrass publics. That store, those people in there, that's the greatest place on the face of the year. I think I'm much as moving there. Hang out with some of the bag boys. Oh, seriously, that's just a great store. They treat me great in there. They're wonderful friendly people. I just want to meet with all the customers. They had a ton of this stuff, which I was petrified because usually when I'm mixing something on the year, it furnishes from the shelves immediately. Crab solutions. They have three different things. They've got the bars, the low carb bars, which actually tastes good. Unlike some of the other ones that I want to mention, no, things. And they have the powder, that you make the milkshakes with, with the, you just mix water, maybe a little sweet and low in the blender and that's then good stuff. Almost no carbs. And then they've got these high protein drinks already in the bottles. The chocolate ones got the four carbs and the, uh, capuccinos. I've got only three carbs, which is my, my personal opinion is the best capuccino. And they're great. And they do have, I would look at two of the ingredients because I knew there had to be something that made them taste so good. They do have sucralose, but it's about the pentagreated on the thing. So they don't have a lot of it in there and it won't make it look to the brains out. And they are great. Crab solutions. I hope we get about 40, 50 cases of that. And so, you know, it's got fat. It's got protein. It's got a little bit of carb. So it's not like you're starving that it's not those liquid protein diets 20, 30 years ago. Which a lot of us tried and almost died because we weren't getting, in fact, I look in the ingredients. It's even got, uh, vitamins and minerals in it. It's got biotin. It's got four lecancid. It's got stuff potassium. How do you like that, George? So I'm just sucking that stuff up and lost two pounds already the first day. Here's a lady in high, a lady in high, a lady. Hello. Yes, man. How are you doing? I knew you were there. I'm here. I just wanted to say that I am a diehard Democrat. Uh-huh. And I don't think I'm a winer. But I have to say. First of all, don't you just ignore that asshole because the guy who preceded him was very articulate. He made a lot of good points. He wasn't whining. He was a very bright guy. And he just made his case. And then this childish guy comes in. And nothing in whining, always. Look, there's no pay attention. They're like overgrown children. There are so many loose ends out there. Like these effemity balance. I would love to just let that go forward and see what they come up with. Yeah. But you think there were some irregularities there. I mean, maybe people are, I don't know. I don't just think that there were, I know that there were. But how you ever going to be able to prove all of that with the clock ticking along the way it is. I don't know. Maybe a judge clerk up there, maybe she's a lot sharper than all of the rest of her. Notable sea. And I would like to see what they say about, especially since they tightened our abs, keep ballot loss and we're supposed to, the voters supposed to request them. How can the governor stand out letters to everybody? I'm his letter. And request, yeah, and they both from the comfort of your home. And they don't even request the ballads. Well, he wanted to keep it all on the family's we've heard. And yeah, and then we got these people in nursing homes where they were sent to our three ballots. And they let the other people vote on them because they had extra. Yeah, just put them around. And some of them had already died. You know, I mean, I'm sorry that they died, but they used the ballot. Yeah, but look, dead people voting in Florida is like, you know, it's a rare American example of why. It's part of our system. Okay, well, maybe you got to point me. Maybe we should just hang on another day or two. Yeah, I think we should, before we tell them to proceed. And I want to ask you something about your girl. Do you find that you have more trouble at night? With that? Because I'm glad that. Not really, as long as you don't need anything for like at least three four hours before you go to bed. But, well, when I did, I was very lucky my daughter worked for a company that made the home mattresses. Uh-huh. And I had a wedge made. Right. That starts way down in the smaller back. But you don't break your neck while you're sleeping. Right. And you just go up at a gradual angle. Yeah, that's what they say. Raise up the head of the bed a few inches off the floor. It's really good if you can't do that. Try one of those wedges. It really helps because I think I'm losing the weight. I don't know if you're overweight enough. In my case, losing the weight is going to help tremendously because when you're overweight, especially when it's all in the middle like mine, uh, your organs first of all become enlarged and second of all, depending on what position you're sitting or laying in, your organs get squeezed together. So it puts tremendous pressure and not a good thing. Well, mine, mine was diagnosed. I had a hard attack. And then I was having the terrible pain. And I assumed it was the heart and found out a year later that I actually had a high weight of an adult, and a good, but it took a year for them to diagnose that. So I thought I was having the terrible heart. That's why I asked the last one. Especially with the higher one, you know, that stinger that you talk about, that pairs and that the answer goes right into your chest. Yeah. Yeah. It really feels like a on-set. Okay. Were you hanging this way, aren't you? I'm doing that. Okay, too. Bye-bye. Bye. the great gifts that the Lord has given to us, grew to an IVS and all of these things in the skeetos and the salamanders and all things that crawl and creep, etc. and so on. A lot of crap. The Lord, maybe, didn't the Lord make him? Oh yeah. All you silly religious people. Here's the facts from over stuff subcommittee in West Boca. It says, your biggest fans in West Boca, how about those leaves couldn't even get by the lowly panthers? Ha ha, it says. But what a great game. That's a was a great game. And Trevor could, or kid was pretty damn good. Yes, Trevor kid was not only pretty damn good, but like in the last part of her last few seconds, they're after at least tidalating the game. And then in the last minute of overtime was sensational spectacitor, or they wouldn't have had a tournament's chance. And this is the same Trevor kid that got ripped for give it up to the goal to Detroit. The other night by his coach who's looking for a scapegoats now, whether it's Ray Whitney or Trevor kid. Yeah, and oh, you got to mix a big save. But you know something, if you don't score more than one goal, which is their usual case, or they'll get four last night at the month of quota. But when you don't score more than one goal, how's you going to win a game for your Terry? You jackass. Looking for scapegoats. Once the organization starts looking for more scapegoats, you know that's a bust to pick them up on a way out of town. Can't be too far away. So Terry and Brian, bye, bye, bye. Sorry, I missed you at the anniversary party. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I don't know if, you know, the timing of the sequencing of him shutting down the vote here. But my thinking, thinking things, you know, well, let's see. Penelas was called up to Tallahassee. I think wasn't the end. You know, Jeff Bush is from Dave County and a lot of money has come down here, I guess, or plants and whoever. And who knows what background dealing they said, you shut it down and money has come down from the top boys. And all of a sudden, they don't see Jesse Jackson on the TV screen on NBC. Oh, you're out of field better than. No, I mean, he was a voice there and it's sort of a vote is right. And, uh, uh, if we need Jesse Jackson and I'll sharpen down here like I need more him or it's okay. We don't need them here. Let's let them stick their push back where belong. Yeah, where that is. Do you think that he'll sue for vote is right through anything now? How can you do that? I don't know. Let me ask you this. I don't doubt because we know it's well documented that there were black people turned away from the polls. There were there were precincts where white people were voting would just drive a license ID and black people didn't have the voter registration card, but did have driver's license even though their name was on the rules. They were told, oh, you can't vote. We know that. But how do you prove it? How do you document it? How do you make a tabulation on that? At this point, anybody can sign an half a David or say anything they want? That's right. So it's just a question of, uh, you know, you, you would this, this system of voting in this country has got to be cleaned up. I think it should have they should have a day off for voting right in a serious matter. National holiday. If we can have an actual holiday for groundhog day in Columbus day, and together the guy named President's birthday, how come we can't have an actual look on there in their most civilized country's election day? That's right. The rest of them are going to go fill some tea to see you later. Okay, good luck to you. He's going to go a little less than gold. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Out of town line is open over there on the West Coast because they have nothing to say. You see the result in, I think it was cogier counter. That was the big one where like bush cut. 50 trillion votes and gore got about three. And you wonder why we don't hear from over there? Yeah, you just keep us on over there on 770 though because otherwise we're going to have, uh, we're going to protest in the streets. I'm telling you right now for you beasley bastards, which the stock is hovering just like a little right in the quarter. Here's, uh, Poverkepine, Jell. Hey, Neil, good morning. Yes, sir. Have a question for you. I've seen Peter work so he'd be quite a bit so recently. Where's the bomber? Brewery. Brewery. I'm sorry. I just saw Bob Graham for like five seconds just that where is he benched all this and why is he going to quit? He's still waiting for Clinton to tell him what time they're going to pick up early on. Well, he, he, he like, I heard, uh, Stinnell Ernest checking with you really just point because he didn't get to not provide presidency, but just know if he could have been a little more, you know, out from the camp or any other up in the cause. I got this for if there would have been anybody who would have been wimpyer and riker than, uh, then julee, or men who would have been Bob Graham. Really? Although I'm petty, he would have been a better choice because then probably that would have guaranteed Florida for Gore and he would have won the election. Good point. Okay. Bye bye. Well, seriously, the guys right, that would have done it. That was a sensitive because even though a lot of us were pissed off at Bobby Graham for his rotus behavior during the early on stuff, we understand that was a Florida politics as they figured they must play it. That's a mission of the other group of states. Yeah. That's right, like Georgia and Arkansas and Tennessee, both of which were within three points. That's right. Good, good southern board. That's what they like. The southern is like the southern is don't you understand that they like the Yahoo's the little boys like Bobby Graham. He's sufficiently Yahoo, and he knew that he's a real Yahoo. Real weak job there, real weak job by the Gore people, picking julee women. Very sad. You know, you could point it rough, Nader. You could point at the acumen, you can point at this group and at group and whatever else. But the fact is that none of those groups picked julee women to be the running mate. Gore and his advisors did that. His strategists. Or I think you're being a little hard. Yeah. I guess why I think that we had a wonderful discussion and the great dialogue and then it changed. Yeah, that's debate. I mean, anybody that could make chaney look like a very reasonable or rational amount of a human being, which Ruben did a brilliant job of doing that. Anybody that could do that deserves to lose. But yeah, and you know, the very same people that are always cast the end of the Cubans because they vote for the Cuban candidates and they vote based on their own narrow issues. What was the same thing? We're all these old people marching out there and Palm Beach and elsewhere to vote for, you know, otherwise probably wouldn't even waste at their time voting because it was a jule on the ballot. Forget about the fact what kind of julee was. But there's a jule on the ballot. And then and then adding itself to injury, they can't even get the goddamn bread right. This is 560 QAM. 430-560 WAM by Annie Fort Lutterdale, a measly broadcast group statement wqam.com for the world. Why a Wally Pop Little Boy? Good morning. This is Fights Preston Al Gore. Oddly, you should know counting has always been an important part of my life. Why I have always counted things over and over until I get a number I like. For example, on Christmas day, I would count my presence till the aggregate total reach 23. On my birthday, I would count the candles on my take. So each year, they total 22. That's the year I lost my cherry. Cherry was my dog and I loved him. So please, understand I am upset over the recent criticism leveled against me regarding this election. I have hired the nation's premier counter to assist in this election process. And his work has already begun. 2,910,847 votes for Gore. We'll get to the bottom of this. Me and the count. Thank you. This is Al Gore. Okay, it's 11.0560 WQ on the market yard, soaring and guess who's speaking right now? We thought it was herbs and a rumbers who you loan officer opinions survey. Suggests that lending standards and terms have continued to type out and greenspanise speaking. Oh, I'm a corny economic danger. Not a severe now as it was 98. He says, so hopefully he's been in say something good and that's grew up the rally that we're having because the dow is up 250 points and the next X up 156 and a half George. Oh, they liked that. Huh? Here is a fascinating article of somebody this past me and I thank you for fearsly from today's daily business review. Wait to hear this. Two months after influential developer Armando Codina's July announcement that he planned to buy the 46.1 acre Miami Free Trade Zone, Republican US representative Lincoln D.A.s. Bullard introduced the bill in Congress that would save Codina and his partners, hundreds of thousands of dollars a year in property taxes in his own. The bill which benefits no other foreign trade zone in the country was filed by D.A.s. Bullard just 35 days after Codina gave $20,000 in soft money to the Republican National Committee. The Codina group which closed the $41 million trade zone deal in early November contributed another 25 granted in public and life December and over the last three years Codina and his wife Margarita also gave $4,000 that he has blood for his reelection campaign. Codina, a Republican Party lawyer list for nearly 20 years, developed a sauce and so a real estate with Governor Jeff Bush as the Codina Bush group and he is one of Florida's 25 Republican presidential electors who pledged to vote for Jeff Bush's brother George W. Bush when the Electoral College assembles on December 18. HR 5396, amending the terror fact of 1930, is only five paragraphs long. Should have become law however new language the as blood has proposed will save Codina's company about 800 grand a year by exemplary taxis now levied on the money free zone property in the zone is currently assessed at 36.62 million dollars. Let's hear it for Lincoln D.A.s. Bullard, come on Docodina, Jeff Bush myster, all these gangster groups. Yeah, who the hell are you people kidding? Thank you for being here. Thank you for being here. Thank you for that to me this morning from today's daily business review. It just makes you want to get on your hands and ease and puked. 190 votes in our pool now these lost in court again Al Gore should concede or exhaust all legal options. Exhaust all legal options 105 53 percent concede 93 47 percent still pretty damn tight. Here's mommy Lake. Hello. I love Bush. Yeah, good. Go find some 560 50 50 50 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line out of town line is open of course 87 775 63 45 thousands of open lines here this morning now. We better keep this single and like I said don't concede now we need another few days with the squeeze out of this at least till in the holidays. Here's a mobile in Pemberg Park. Hello. You knew I'm not mobile but that's okay. Here's a stationary in Pemberg Park. I get a cell walk around that way. Okay. Couple a couple things I wanted to ask. Even if this judge in 780 it declares those 15,000 and have some tea ballots invalid. Yes. The ledger's laser can still appoint the representatives or the electors for push. Yeah. But don't you understand how grotesque that would be because if she does troll the votes out then that takes away 4700 votes from Bush and that means growers had by like over 4,000 at that point. I understand how I don't think you really think that the Florida legislature would have the political balls to go ahead and an overturn a 4,000 vote margin. I think if the Florida Supreme Court upheld that ruling by Judge Clark assuming that she hands that ruling down on Thursdays votes out I don't think so. I don't think so. I don't know way. You have riots in this state. I don't think you have the riots but I don't think that why do you say that? Do you think that the public would sit still for that? I think I don't think they would sit still but there wouldn't be anything they could do about it. Look at the way they have been going about the things now. Okay. You know you're not going to ever have voter legislation to ease voting or voter reform. That's not true. Why do you say that? None of the political parties would want it because then they have no way of being able to push the ballots towards one way or the other if they have the reform. I really don't think that it would ever, ever occur that they would make it or use the electronic data machines here in South Florida or anything else because they wouldn't have any way to possibly fix the election that they had to. Also, I don't think you're ever going to see a non-Hispanic as a mayor in day county anymore. Probably not. Okay. Well why isn't it crying? Yeah. But take a look at the population. I understand. We got 56% Hispanic population in the day county. Who do you expect is going to get in? But there's just as many angles that I feel. No, no, all of a fight. What would be solid? Yeah, but that's not how people vote. Yeah. I understand. Yeah, it was short and vote. Yeah. All right. You missed the end. Let me remind you again that in the last election on Penelas Garden, without even a runoff, he wanted majority of the angle vote in the county. So what does that tell you? Well, that was before he went and hit here and buried it said Yeah, but it was long after he stood up there and then defied the federal government in RIP Janet Reno and asked and made it a jacket by panoring the old green tube Cubans on the alien business. It was long after that and they stir voted for him. You see, I've said it for years. That's just a voter should do that. The people in day county get exactly what they deserve. Just kiss the ground you live in Broward. That's just voter apathy that. No, just who you had it right the first time. He's head of the right thing. State officials said yesterday, they're ready to start looking at voter fraud announcement that came the same day. Judge threw out out, whereas election challenged partly because they don't crack failed to prove fraud. The state division of elections will be for seven cases of possible fraud of the Florida Department of Law and Force more than the next day or two said Christie Brownson, the division of the system, general counsel, the criminal referrals probably come too late to affect the outcome of one of the most hot-lic-intested presidential reasons in history. Browardson said there's been no delay in processing the complaints made of the state's voter fraud hotline, but Florida has yet to follow up on some written complaints of voter irregularities and doesn't if other complaints won't be reviewed because Telephone colors didn't give a specific enough information. There were thousands of cases of fraud. But like I said before, at this point, the horses already are the barn and 20 miles up the road. And to try to prove them now to try to document them and to try to know, I'm, I mean, people can come along now and make any claim that they want. I know my vote you didn't count. I just made that up, but I'll say it again. My vote didn't count because my about the never any holes in it. I just kept punching and punching and punching those old lady sitting there. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. Look at this, the dollars up 265 and then I asked that's up to the point. Do you think that I actually made for once in my life my timing, because it's just a matter of what they always said that people are trying to time the market forget about. You can't do it. Even the even more in buffet all that you so called experts, you just can't do it. You have to have a crystal ball. You have to get that terrible card reader on there and you still can't do it. But maybe just finally after all, oh, and I should mention that zero ox is four bucks. Now see, that's my anniversary gift for the rumors. For both of them, there's not the thing we're more in his brother and law for giving me that big song to the answer about zero ox that I brought a 25, 1000 shares, which is now for a box. And while on the way to bankruptcy, I don't want to mention on the air that I called my good close friend, Mitch Hirsch yesterday and said, well, what do you think it's five bucks should we, should we buy another thousand shares? How much lower can it go? And he said, oh, no, they could go belly up. And all this business about, well, somebody's been to come along and buy them out. The problem is they got so much God damn dead. Nobody wants to buy them out. Because of course, a lot of money for those old Roman Togus. Connie, I like that. I think we probably got a cannon copy, don't want to. Nine minutes after, 11 at five 60s WQM. This is the new Roger's show. This is your boy. Any questions? He said, he had a party in a beast. You mean you're good? You're such a boy, but that outlaw, it's a piece of hero to make you. When he bought the keyboard, captain, let's just until they get it right. Don't hit the brakes, do what it makes you. I'm ready to fight. I'm very strong. Colby, I'm too strong. When I bid on him I'll LCM you could do mortal kill you, maybe one day I'm a future, I'm conformant. I'll haveplement mludion unlike George nobody's intended not. Live, he's a King of party. Car蛋 divorced Pois the mush, that George Bush dang stood here at a misty. Surely wanted that the May hinge on 1996 ruling says the Orlando Sentinel today. Four years ago employees in the Volugea County elections office ordered 6,000 absentee ballots and re-making them with a felt-tipped pen because the machine couldn't read the marks made by voters. The loser in a race for sure of Gus Beckstrom Jr. sued, the case went to the Florida Supreme Court. The justice is harshly criticized Volugea's supervisor elections, Dini Law for what happened but they didn't throw off the votes in that race and come to cheer up Bob Vogel, Helano was win. Four years later lawyers and legal experts predict the ruling in Volugea case signals what is likely to happen in the lawsuit over Seminole County's 15,000 absentee ballots. Longward Democrat Harry Jacobs is asking the all-be thrown out if he prevails, it could took the election well-goer. Gerald Richmond Jacobs attorney said Monday that he hadn't analyzed the best in case, but legal experts have been saying for weeks that Jacobs is unlikely to win. Will this bird fly in my view no way said Don Whitenar Jacksonville attorney represented Beckstrom and the Volugea case to court rule that elections officials don't have to be perfect. All they have to do is substantially comply with the law, said Donald lively, Dean of Florida Coastal School of Law in Jacksonville. That'll be one of the key issues before state circuit judge Nikki Clark who is scheduled to preside over the Seminole case tomorrow in Tallahassee, a pre-trial hearing is scheduled a day to one, 30. Attorneys for Seminole supervisor election Sandy Gordon, our specter West, the case be dismissed. Gordon allowed GOP employees to work for three weeks out of a backroom in our office, writing in voter ID numbers on postcards and voters requesting absentee ballots. That doesn't sound too promising does it George? No. No. Our poll on our website, neorodges.com. Now that he's lost in court again, Al Gore should either consider where Zoste all legal options and it's still tighter than a muskwatch. Beckham. The C-1948 percent exhaust all legal options, 152 percent out of 128 votes already. Very tight. Look at that, the Dow is just changing on being up 300 points. What did I tell you? Timing was perfect. Nice going. And that the Zoox, well, nobody's perfect, remember? Especially you. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Neo, how are you? Okay. A couple things. I was hoping to empty area today and they said that if the Fort Lauderdale just later decides to go ahead and elect their own slate of electors, that there's also democratically controlled states that can do the same. Instead of like, West Virginia was one by Bush, they can say, well, screw you. This is contingent upon, of course, a seminal gets over throwing, which I don't think it's gonna. But that's what they said. They had the word. Do you have the word on the yesterday? Yeah. I don't know if you listen to it or not, but he didn't. I never listened to him. Okay. Well, I would. There was like a forum, you know, there was a Democrat or a Republican and they were letting people call in. So it was pretty interesting. But anyway, that's what they were mentioning that if they do, the Fort Lauderdale decided to go ahead and do that to take it over turn some of their own electors in other states. So just keep that in mind. Well, well, if anybody in other states like West Virginia talking about that, or when the state legislatures flew out. No, they weren't. No, but that's what the Democrat would. Because it would seem to me that they really take a great political risk by doing that because they would be, you know, flotting the will of the voters in their own state. Right. Well, that's what they're saying. If the fortal edge was clear, it goes ahead and does that without the court being, you know, dissolved whether whatever happens with the court cases, they do that before the court case and it's dissolved. That's what they could do. That's what they're saying. Just said, like, you know, got you there. We can get you back here. That's, I don't know if it makes any sense, but that's what they're talking about. I wouldn't hold my breath. Okay. We won't. Okay. I mean, voice up. Okay. I think you got to write. He says, Gorsuch and Bostak, we would vote. Yeah. See, there was a scope of the time that I think God made him do it. Who made him do it? Yeah. Yeah. You're right. They both suck. That's why we're in this mess that we're in right now because the country's right down the middle on the side of them, which one is the most dangerous, which one is the least stupid, which one is the least wooden? Is it Roman here is my imagination? Here's like somebody's been passing around with the AC. It's Roman here, trust me. Look at that. Now is up 322 points up to all. It's, I'll get in close to 10,900. And the next X up, 190, almost over 20, 100 again. We only got 2,400 points to go on the next X that. Get back to the line. 20,00 points. Nice going, Mitch. Here's my enemy, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Good morning, Neil. Hello. Man, I'm really sorry what's happening to our goal. On board. He's only going to be the one left without a job. Think about a leader. I'm going to be the son of board. He's going to be a player for that. And a chain of going to be the vice president. But I hear there's an opening. It made him two so-so-ex-busy and maybe I can fill it. You can fill it again. I don't know. I mean, I feel about for him what's going to happen to this poor copop. Well, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7, 7. I'm some money, okay. Speaking of that, the Sun Sentinel has an AP article here. And for some strange reason, they don't put in the website. Maybe somebody else will call or I will thanks to us what they are. It says, Gross site, soliciting donations with the fight over recounting Florida's presidential battle settering its fourth week. Vice President Al Gore's campaign has begun a new fundraising effort. The Gore campaign took in $3 million within a few days after a election day. Then stopped its fundraising. But the campaign's website now features a plea for more money. It's first fundraising on the internet and the 4th of the week count battle. George W. Bush's campaign already has raised more than 6 million for its recount expenses. And its website has supporters to keep giving. And seeking contributions to the Gore website says the money helps us pay for legal representation as well as the hundreds of monitors and supports that needed to oversee the recount effort. Under federal law, there are no limits to the size of the donations for legal fight, and the parties do not have to identify their contributors. Corporate and union contributions are prohibited. The Gore campaign is not limiting the size of its contributions, but promises to disclose the names of its donors. Bush is not accepting donations larger than 5 grand. And its posting names of his contributors on the web. He has received thousands of small contributions beside the 4th of the donation. It's an article, but it doesn't give you either one of the websites. Because I'm sure a lot of you folks out there are not interested in that. I would like to write out a check for either one of the above or both the or whatever. Or maybe for George because it's his birthday tomorrow. And he still hasn't got a summer book bonus yet. And you better get that one because as far as the fall book is concerned. Well, here's my any, hello. Oh, that's okay. Yeah. Okay, good. Have another one for us. Thank you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. That was another Bush guy, by the way. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Two comments. Okay. Number one of the Orlando case that you spoke about. I don't know the details of the facts, but what you read said that the Supervisor election herself did it in the office and the, uh, something okay. It involves outside Republican operators coming in that committed felony. He's even a couple of Republican guys say it. Uh-huh. That's quite a difference. Okay. And of course, we had two things that he wanted to consider. You know, you can drink and collapse until you're 42 and then you can run for president. At the same time, you can come into fraud and get an election thrown out and there's no problem, even though those were changed and finally. I would recommend that since it's so easy to do because of the shape of Florida, we circumcised the Southern Delhi State County, Comparative, and let it flow towards Cuba. I, the Forskin, tossed the Forskin South. Yeah. Sounds good to me. Maybe maybe Castro can have it for supper. Five, six, seven. Well, you're laughing, but over in Spain, you know, the borfights that I wanted to tell you what the one of the great delicacies over there. That's no bull. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixy, maybe the abuelos were looking for little breakfast or something when they were down here. Checking things out. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixy, I'm telling you there's something with line one. But you hear that? Oh, no. OK, I'm going to let torn on that one because they do call, but then they vanish. You'd last couple of days. Our phone system is like deteriorating and degrading. But you know, some stuff don't, he's not worried about it. Yeah, good luck. This instant. Yeah. Do I mention about Bill Tanner's a quadruple bypass? I don't think I did. Bill Tanner, I can salt anybody remember Bill Tanner from while 100? No. He's, uh, we're going to hell with this story. It was also in the story by our close personal friend, Kevin Bastard in the Harold, who watched this big pop piece about Eric Brandon. This shocking magic. No, Eric Brandon with that big phoning plastic voice. No. It plays oldies on magic. Well, he wanted to run for mayor of Miami Lakes, which is a job that pays two grand a year. And the FCC told him, just like they told Howard when he wanted to run for mayor of New York, well, that's fine. You can go ahead and do that, but you'll have to get off the year because otherwise you owe equal time. And he said, OK, I guess I'll stay on here and forget about mayor of Miami Lakes for two grand a year. They pop piece about that. Big deal, Eric. But here it says, Bill Tanner, a radio legend in South Florida's recovering from quadruple bypass surgery performed after Thanksgiving in his hometown of Birmingham, Alabama. A popular morning DJ and program director, while in 100ness 70s and 80s, Tanner was part of the team that helped launch power in on these six of the music stations. He's currently executive vice president of programming for Miami based Spanish broadcast in system. And as well as consultant the many English language stations and the voting power. And you asked out QAM, Kevin, but then again, you would have had to mention us. You're going to do that. That's OK. That's OK, Kevin Bastard. At least the owner radio we think. Here's a mobile and west condy, Chelo. Maple. What is it? There you go. Yes, sir. Hey, Kong, you really know there's a billboard up here in the west bomb. It says prevent voter fraud. And uh, happens to torn down. You can't even read the number. Yeah. I just think it's out of the conspiracy. OK, thanks. Probably the builder, but there's a direction. Next up, maybe the aluminum. Five, six, seven, like a 400 open line. Again, they're all petering out today. That's OK. I'll pay that hockey highlight over and over again for my science scheme. Put them excited. They're geobot next time. Get the name, right, Joe. Five, six, seven, 05, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Oh, we actually have a call from Naples. That's exciting. Hello. Yeah, sir. We told the beefly over here that we got ahead. You're on the air. We're drowning in a sea of fresh. Yeah. Yep. So I know we got 12,000 more boat. You need to stay on salon.com. No. Yeah. The Kathy heard a farm to purge the boat of the world of the felons. Oh, yeah, yeah. That's a lot of old story. Yeah, we had that many days ago, yeah. That's a new story. It's not a new story. Let's say it again, sir. It's an old story. It's an old story. Don't tell me it's a new story. It's an old story from weeks ago. Remember that story about that? And about 8,000 of men to get back on there. But there were another 4,000 did not. So you want to think about you, people over the West Coast. I don't have no idea why you listen to this program because you can't tell you people anything. I taught them a thing we had a couple weeks ago without getting argumented. No, it's a new story. It's not a new freaking story. In addition to which it's old news, like I said, get a life over there. Of course, you got to understand where they are the pony. Yeah, by the time he gets over there, it's like weeks later, usually. And who the hell can blame him? Just like that's one of the reasons that our texture up here late so much. That pony gets a broken down somewhere along the goddamn Hershey Highway. God, are they something on a West Coast? And yeah, I'm glad we're on over there because it makes me feel so much better about being here. And there are a few things that do that for me, but that's one thing that does. It's not being there. Woo! Rhymes with Yahoo! 26 after 11 in 5, 60, WDQAM. I'm a new Roger Show. I'm a new sports radio. 5, 60. A half. How young is too young? I can keep on jacking up some, but I'm... și really... But I don't want you to be 형ed again. I'm playing with him for so long, so pretty. Kazakh diye,kell, not quite know more about getting lost. Atlantis was meant to say, The things in my head And the sound of the The fear on my dead body You know the things about me You think you know I'm on the way All right I'm gonna see You should take care of me The new clothes don't let you live The thing you want me You're a freak You're a friend of me She was 25 but she's just a few Perfecting Other my life I'm free That it comes out of my heart I best I'm perfecting me Because I have to do me No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no No, but you think you know I'm on my show Relax You're a freak You're a freak You should be scared of me You know the things about me You know the things about me You're a friend of me You're a freak You're a freak You're a freak You're a freak I'm a freak You're a freak You're a freak Remember what the Jeff Cohen was talking about My thing was in it with foods when the pizza locked you was talking about this underage Kicks and Costa Rica I didn't say sh** Oh yeah, right Here's the facts from Frank that says I'm glad you got my facts earlier Please tell George I'm sorry for got to say happy birthday Happy birthday George from Frank Say that By the way, your keychain is awesome I'm sorry And guess what they're all gone If you ordered one on the internet Don't panic It'll be good to you I've already been in the set aside for the orders But other than that they're gone I told you I warn you I warn you But I'll be seeing you in the sets Of course, it's still available from Neerongers.com or WQAM.com Or it's facts all over date Broward and Palm Beach And Naples and Formires And we'll better get that damn thing going Anybody see me guillotting me? Because I don't know what our total is Would be I see how weekly At least once a week would be nice You'd be here Go into the air awards Like everybody else in the building Yesterday You have to be kidding Did you notice all the suits Why? I was all dressed up for OTHER awards You have to be joking This radio station is going to be Air awards The hikes up for the award I think you know this radio is That Miguel's here he's not getting no award He's just a woman for a paycheck But this place that puts commercials on it Who will die a crab The stored in crabbing with voices from a hell We're starting to put voices on it Make any more tests on like water crime cites Yeah That's the kind of crap we put on here here We got little kids The sound like high school kids doing sports reports Little jox and the friends who have chronic gambling problems already And we're getting a goddamn award You have to be joking Well that's why hikes getting that award Now is that part of this thing today? I don't know And they're gone That's right That's why booge is on that That's why maybe Hank had a real day off today No he's a Hey, stop getting that award He's actually showing up for it God, he's catching on for me He's finding any way to get a day off Nice going, hopper So why are the march of diamonds ready for experts? Because there's no more polio anymore So they have got something to do Damn Jonah's socked in They're putting them out of business Is there is there polio anymore Do I mean there? No No, no if you don't want it Oh So what else are they going to do? But who are they to give out a word? It's interesting In addition to which when it comes to nickels and diamonds What a very place to then can choose in this place You ought to know that I think line one is screwed up And of course I could create a city And scream about the phone lines But bluff has got another bus mentality Because he's at the radio award Good luck This incident Here's a mobile implantation Hello Hey Neil, how are you doing today? Okay I'm trying to figure something out And judge souls in power has he ruled Yes, not enough evidence For poor to start counting Well, is any evidence to the ballot that he never looked at? Well, evidence not according to him But but don't confuse him with those ballots Okay, and the other question I have is Is judge Nikki Taylor and Serminal If she ruled Nikki Taylor, yeah Is that done on not her name? I hear she's going to have Robby need her We're counting the votes up there That maybe they can get the two of them together I'm thinking about it Well, but if she rules That all the ballots that thrown out because of the tampering They go, uh a busiest team goes right to Florida Supreme Court right And that's where everything is basically And we describe it as the first point court We would say that which they both sides knew that all along So this was just the late tactic just to get it up there Sure Well, I mean, they're not the ones that filed this lawsuit But, you know, I mean, all these things They go through the process and the longer that they Dick around and screw on that's why they call There's many witnesses they could without making you to Embarrassing and the case before judge Salls up there because then a drag down Stedabine done on Friday or Saturday And dragged it out through the whole weekend Right, right, I call someone to expand Sure, go ahead 560 50560 560 on the AT&T And for our Nazi Greenspan said the Fed must be alert to risk spending maybe slowing too much Which means that they're going to cut those interest rates Soon, none of the people invested Not a lot of people investing We're getting equity markets, consignal excessive Softness and household spending Which means I totally, yeah That's why I crossed that thing out of Hank was right yesterday That the damn time direct brings us that spot about a recession We're not having the recession, I crossed that out I mean, it's one thing to try to pedal our stuff on the air Which is fine, everybody's got to make a living But don't put in scare attacks if you ignore our spots And expecting us to read that on the air, Hank pays credit Cross that I guess that we used to read it night at the same day Todd Dweck If anybody ever lived up to his name man Truth and advertising, Todd Dweck 560 50560 on the AT&T line for admire Hello, yes sir Go pasta Yeah, you're on for a head box Hey, well, you know, it goes up and goes down, you know, and you know, squeeze it, you know They are the recorders to get the push the tone on man Bye, okay, that's the same asshole that called before Push this, okay Back to him, in fact, you know, it would be a real good idea with that guy 560 50560 on the AT&T and for admire as well Almost every line in the board is open, now look at that Okay, game over How's the pull coming? Relicator about 10 seconds If it's reloading now, it says nobody's lost in court again, Al Gore should Conceed 122 45% exhaust all legal options 149 55% Beginning was very very tight, but as the show goes on more of those hard liners More of those hold outs to say what's another day or two Actively waited this long after we've got through all this legal or her hanging What's another big day or two, and maybe they got a point Or maybe not I voted concede I think it's time to get all this shenanigans behind us We know that it was still in Feren Square and life will have to go on That's all, we'll have to deal with another ways Here's a mobile and cross spring, shall I? Hi, Neil, I'm doing okay, sir Good, I heard a few questions for you The problem I'm having with a lot of what's going on And I guess I should ask you is Do the Orlando Sentinel known as Concert or Newspaper? Sure It is, okay, well that may explain part of what my question is about There's no consequences for voter fraud And let's just fall do it I mean, what we're talking about in the Orlando Sentinel, I would say like a moderate to conservative paper But the fact is they didn't make that up for political purposes They're just reporting a story that wasn't an editorial Okay, but the idea of the story is that in the past There's been precedent that nothing is done when voter fraud occurs Such as what we've had in the year They're speculating the people that they were talking to are speculating And what may happen and they're saying that based on what happened Belusia County four years ago, there's a strong possibility that they may go back to that as a person Right, but I think that doesn't make it a bad newspaper In fact quite frankly, it beats what we got here Well, I appreciate that, but the fact means the same It has to be some consequences for fraud And if the computer would be just just one line And there where it says the court will that election that this is the Florida Supreme Court Elections officials don't have to be perfect All they have to do is substantially comply with the law Well first of all she didn't comply with the law because it was There were fellow needs been committed But secondly, what kind of a law is that? In other words, as long as they don't too much bad crap then it's okay Right, I mean, I'm able to put this aside Whether it be law or abortion, I think it's just plain wrong Right, I think they'll have a great day Yeah, but these are the law and order people Don't you understand that? How those couples coming in Texas, they still counting those Oh, good five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 t and Verizon wireless line don't forget Alan Greenspan said you better Call up your broker and buy by by by with both hands, baby Especially that Nokia man, I think it's hard. It's taken off. What I've tell you folks, take it off. It's skyrocketing And Cisco, I said to that matured shit, said what about Cisco? I think I'll buy each of the stocks about the other And I said buy it, asshole. Okay, okay See you, he likes that chitric stuff. He likes doctor. It's easier to do with those bar Numbers Best of Neil Rogers 2000 Just go to his specs music store near your yard Go to m.com on the net. Best of Neil 2000 with Ray Hitt life. So Paul Jones, you got a new nose That normal past, Ray, not shit And who could prepare the Neil Rogers keychain with great sound effect It works the lotion in the basket That's the American fucking way He's tired, let's classic So that's the Neil Rogers 2000 from sport radio five sixty two a.m. Florida sucks Recent court rulings considering the sexual orientation of Scott Masters has made it nearly impossible for the average parent Kind of scouting experience their son can expect But one organization has a reason to make things perfectly clear But Jay scouts Okay, true, time is enough cow That I've been pitching a temper over Oh, oh Look, Jay scouts will teach your son the art of self preservation in the wild I'm just natural right, how are we going to get the fire going? That's okay, we can make our own body heat Well, you're son joins the gasecouts he'll hear late night ghost stories And when the severed body was sound he was wearing A ton of Quran on song with clashing the pelth that have been out of season since Labor day Oh, that was a scariest thing I ever heard So if you want your son to bond with other like-minded young men Have him join the gasecouts today Where our motto is It's so I'm 25 at 5.60 WCN bookshomping will be here for Hank at 2 because the humbers getting that radio award From the Marjorie Dimes no less, you know, I don't want to see it I'll tell you what is that? No, that's tomorrow night we got that game the island is here against the panthers I want to make a prediction by the way Because I know it's been coming for a long time But I just have this feeling that if the panthers lose to the islanders Marnight Which should be pretty unacceptable But and unlikely, but if that should happen, I think that's it I think that all of us who are getting real tired of the Emory Bozak can say I think that would be the straw that broke her back Anyway, we got the booget 2 we got the booget of our Thomas at 5 Mad Dog Manage Fixed Park tonight making a rare appearance and the 80K-10 Scouts through the school board Action follows ban on organization Accusing the Brown School Board of the Blight and Form of Viewpoint Discrimination The boy's gone to America's Asked a Federal Judge to halt the organization's imminent eviction From the District 250 in schools and centers That is one of the most ludicrous terms I've ever heard in my life viewpoint discrimination See what they don't understand is that everybody with any common sense at all has said You have a right to be big, did you have to write their exclude anybody you want? But that means that we don't have to give you any public funds Number one and number two we certainly don't know how our article will allow you use any public facilities That are paid for by the taxpayers The boy's gots filed suit in US District Court Miami yesterday against the school board Supported tenant Frank Till and each of the abords line members Charging them with violating the organization's first amendment rights of access to an open form In this case government operated school facilities no dates been set yet for a hearing Attorney's representing the scouts say they believe it's the first time the 92 year old organization is suit a school district Now here comes the best part We believe the Broward school district is singling out the boy scouts because they've taken exception to our first amendment right to freedom of association Said Jeff Promenz got executive for the South Florida Council of Boy scouts which oversees troops in Broward Miami-Dade Monroe County Our right to freedom of association So really what if there is really a freedom of association for organizations like this which are quiz I public source often been said then they would have a right to exclude black Jews Chinese Japanese Mexican Cuban Puerto Rican Escanos anybody they want what we just we just want associate with them The first amendment right to freedom of association You see as an individual you have a right to associate with anybody one and even as a group you have a right to associate with anybody you want unless Unless you expect to get public funds or use public facilities in which case The answer is very clearly no no way The Broward school board unanimously voted to do their thing I feel very comfortable with my decision in light of the contract They executed of their own coalition that said they would not discriminate based on sexual orientation school board chairman Paul Iknors said This is the school board going to cave in oh no, of course not no chance In New York schools chance for a Harold leavey on December 1st or New York City Public School to quit sponsoring Boy scouts activities The policy prohibits the school district from sponsoring troops are allowing recruiting during school hours But the scouts will be able to use school property for troop meetings after hours unfortunately In Los Angeles on November 20th the LACD Council voted to sever all ties with the Boy scouts and it charged them fees to use city own property In framing him as a two-sits the school district in September band Boy scouts from recruiting in the schools And in Canton, Plymouth Michigan the school district is considering a measure to band the scouts entirely from school property before and after school But you're messing with our right to our freedom of association That line right there tells you everything you need to know and it brings me back full cycle 24 years ago To an e-dibrand and Alvin dark and all those other pharbison the glam are for a freedom of right I like to discriminate That's those are the exact words they were using I'll write to discriminate Say anybody seen the needle lately. Oh no, she's still squeezing it any orange juice too Only not getting paid for it. Here's Miami. Hello Hello, yes sir Okay, go drink some more moonshine. Okay, pal Or go hang out with Mike moonshine whichever makes you have it whichever turns you on five six seven or five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Horizon wireless line I think it's gonna be a see the phone. This screw-up line. Two doesn't say where it is and this whole phone thing is all dict up Here's sunrise hello. Yeah, when you're fact choking. Okay. Yeah, they're out there now. That's all we're gonna get here's four miles. Hello Yeah, I got a quick political palm for you. Okay. Good five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty. Oh, this is the moment You know, I'm always saying this because you can feel it you can smell it. This is the moment to well-rand rise. So I say it's definitely time to concede Huh? No, you can tell we're rolling along rolling along day after day and then almost said you reach a moment like this and that's it There are material the economy's coming back. That's right. Now we talk about 285 that's up to 103 points and that's it They're on the phone with their broker saying it's time to say bye bye. I agree. So I'm more important to call your broker and buy a whole bunch of stuff Then we call on me. I would agree with that Because I got some great European music and we're gonna be playing here. I may be even some American music that I like that you'll probably most of you hate that's too bad That's where it goes. We'll see you Five six seven. It's too hot in here George I'm telling you right now I was talking about 73 degrees in here and you even blow in the man when it's not blown. I start getting real nervous Okay, let's see if we have anybody see line two still on two words from because this phone thing is all messed up If I've made it full of screening things out so that we want to get assholes on because it's worked for about 20 minutes real well Here's line two somewhere. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. If I can say one thing Neil That I think that this whole thing would judge souls and the rest of this stuff I agree with you. It may be time for him to proceed. I don't have a problem. It keeps on going But I believe that one message gets solved or giving us as a community to public and the Democrats together is One it's all over the stand and high-class lawyers and politicians and the lead fan who's gonna be left all the little people And I think his judgment is a signal to people when the band together as a community because sport is looking bad enough visitors And it's time for us to show these high political people that guess what the guys can do it right Human areas there. Yes, nobody's perfect, but I think it just happened in any other state It would be as bad or worse. So let's band together So that was the message that the judge was sending I believe that that's the theme that things that's a theme whether you agree with it or not It's a theme that at the end of all this gets what he throughout this court thing which I watched a bit of it I think he was proud of Some of the simple people there with the baby backwards people whatever nonetheless throughout part of our community And they did the best that they could under the circumstances and I don't believe anybody anywhere in the country could have done any better We're just regular people doing our stuff trying to get it right unfortunately you want to play wrong in fact blah blah You want to play wrong in fact well it wasn't right when OJ got off and maybe it's not right I will thank you tremendously well thought out the theory there Oh my god five six seven over five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and see these are the people who voted Like I've told you before and and there's nothing wrong with being done. There's a lot of done people out there Many of them are very nice. I mean there's some people that are done by the shot us in the very nice and some of them even look pretty good And when they look real good, you don't care how smart they are do it. Oh no, of course not Not necessarily all the pins and how much time you want to spend on them. I with them New them But I mean let's face this idea that we have so many morons out there voting it just should be terrifying and stupifying if I can say that can I say it. Oh sorry Here's a call from Helen Dale. Hello. Yeah, I do. Yes sir. Okay, I'll be very interesting happened today Joe Lieberman was interviewed on CNN. I don't think he saw the right of a little bit of it. I did it. I put his push on the air from out. Then check the volume today He said something. I really made a lot of sense. And here's what he said. He said that a bush is elected president and if the votes know the dispute votes are not counted now You know, let's say you know they all go against our goal and say George Bush is one in his president. He will be yes Do you hear what Lieberman said Lieberman said that sooner or later those votes that were not counted? I think that's not a bullet and we've talked about that for days now and so a lot of other people and maybe Lieberman's a little bit slow I mean how would the country feel that they elected a president that really what the wind the election that I want what it would do would bring a lot more bad will Bush and Republican party, but maybe that's not a bad thing Maybe it's not, but just for a moment when you steal a election you deserve to have bad will. So what's wrong with that? I'd rather have bad will and George will No, I would I would say anyway that I just for I'd mention that to you. Okay, I'm glad you finally catch you up with reality that Here's a great article by Bob Herbert in New York Times about the Tom Delay. We'll get to that after the news break. See now the air is that I mean did I say the news break? Oh, God, I must be losing it. Wow the news break At a radio station where we don't even have a god damn newsware and thanks profusely to all you people who have been especially during the election But all the time fact in the all of this good stuff during the alien days and the again any time there's anything important going on We got a whole bunch of listeners out through facts me great stuff and I appreciate it more than you'll ever know because other than that And this TV that we got in here. Thanks to Jeff Cohen and the satellite this thanks to digital world satellite. I'm going to that. We got no contact with the outside. We haven't got them window Because that's the beathely in the Greg weed. F and way and of course they're not here and that because they're too busy getting the words today. Oh, yeah, probably get some awards for those great spots Especially those red rough and sore spots those are my favorite God five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 you know what I would like before today in today I'd like to talk to a real person in the in the west coast on our eight on at the seven seventy thing Of course it's almost noon so we're going off the year there in five minutes for an hour But just like once today, I mean we had so many assholes for over at least two or four because that's all the calls we got from there But just one there's got to be somebody over there who doesn't sound like a mugwump Don't they all sound like mugwump You know I'm talking about oh yeah I'm all right those are all right. I maybe they got one or two teeth that's T E E F for those who don't be spelling too well Why are two teeth in their mouth they're just good old boy. Yeah, see that's what happens to you when you spend too much time with your band you up in the tree You start talking like that and sound like that Yeah, just like that It's $156 at five 50 Q a m This is five 60 Q a f For radio five 60 W a m i have me for Loderdale a measly broadcasts And W Q a m dot com for the world where you flush back This is the year that I'm gonna get smart Yeah The holiday friends he has already started Because you're ever gonna see my face and the crowd pushing the shut and don't think so Oh, not on your life It's gonna be a story That's when my computer is here for The lady has way in shop online Not on your life Well, that's what you mentioned there And why don't happen here to fall there I can click a mouse and give the sign I'm gonna go Promoted five 60 W to Q a m So my galsist hands me the total for plan parenthood and our best of campaign is here 67, 66,000, 580 and then there's some other that haven't included the credit cards and so on So we're approaching 70 grand We got a good chat at 100 and he looked at me like Like that But the sembra is usually huge right? Yes Because best in the ill-CDs and concepts are in t-shirts, etc Our fantastic gifts for the holidays for Christmas and a Khanica and groundhog day and whatever else we got So you're used to these high totals from the other place where all the other shows had also products and We're contributing and it was being promoted all day long now Even without that we still just with our best in the stuff that a lot more than that And I would think but that was like on our almost real radio station This is just a you know make believe place and we're doing the best that we can Does this total include all those great generous donations we've gotten from the management here? Oh, forgot about those. Yeah, the website and you know something to show you how slow it is and how weak you people are This is just it tears my guts out Because every year we work feverously to put together some really funny and great stuff on the CDs and the key chains were great They went like Okay, so we should have had more than I should point out we went over budget making as many as we did well Why didn't you tell me about that and I get what I put extra money we had to get your approval Just to get as many as we did we got 500 more than we did last year. Yeah, we should have gotten a thousand more they would go there would be another 20 grand But at any rate we got about 57 grand you were take But the website 20,000, 980 and I sat down here this morning I thought the next whatever they buy CD or consent 20 bucks will put us over the next the hurt of the and I like to 23,000 Is that happened to hours that I've sat here. Oh no Very sad Speck 17,740 van hits 15,060 Too bad we don't have any more people to help me get on our promotion to part of it that my cost of money Because we could have a lot more of those van A parent to 15,060 and of course my contribution to 10 grand which I would say is pretty generous as usual To get the things started so we got a long way to go so get out to specs and get the best in needle CDs and cassette specs all over the date brow Palm Beach and of course Naples in four miles of vegetable cell three or four over there at least at least Pretty weak What do you expect here three minutes past noon at five sixty wqm Bob Herbert writes in New York Times Tom Delays spent many long months In the tall grass and chuckling while George W. Bush traveled the country trying to spread the fiction of compassionate conservatism There's no room for a compact in the politics of Tom Delay New King which was a pussycat compared with this compulsively combative congressman from Texas who keeps braided whips in his office He's the house majority whip responsible for keeping the GOP troops in line and whose nickname is the hammer How you like that Tom Delays Mr. Delays exhibited more content in the house than anyone including the speaker he led the impeachment charge for the Republicans And yes, his politics are extreme Anyone tried to move further to the right than Tom Delays and danger of falling into the void After the Columbine tragedy Mr. Delay took to the floor of the congress to mount an impassioned defensive guns and to rent against birth control They care centers and teaching of evolution Example we have sterilized and contraceptive our families down to sizes so small that the children we do have are so successful Material things that they come to a greater receiving of the material would love Apparently Mr. Delays will view it's better to have more impoverter children After lying low for so long Mr. Delay was eager to resume his hard-right ways and third exercise in his club and the high octane atmosphere of a George W. Bush victory But as we know a weird thing happened the presidential election ended in a virtual deadlock and the right wing how a loser has had to be put on hold which does not make the hammer happy He quickly decided to go to the matrices Just days after the election he sent a staff member to Republicans and Congress that virtually invited them to try to overturn Florida's electoral votes if the turned out they were for Al Gore The memo said the house in Senate could reject the state's electoral votes if they decided the votes were tainted The times Allison Mitchell wrote a report that a Republican close the Mr. Delay described the memorandum as similar to the impeachment book his office set out in 1998 when Mr. Delay began providing information about impeachment to the Republicans Last week when a thug is gathering a Republican demonstrators tried this is a few days old tried to shut down the Henry con operations in my wee date telly it turned out that key delay operatives were right there As the Wall Street Journal reported right up front on television images of the event last Wednesday were Thomas Pile and a did GOP representative Tom Delay and Michael Murphy who works for a delay fundraising committee All of this particularly is particularly ominous because it's becoming clear by the day the George W. Bush is the incredible shrinking frontman for the GOP He may have a spouse compassionate conservatism on the stump but Tom Delay in his crowd and their right wing counterparts on the Senate and around the country are committed to keeping the GOP mean and extreme Don't look for dignity to stop them We keep hearing from the commentators, now this is the most Americans are in the broad center of the political spectrum But you won't find Tom Delay in his high-ried followers in that vast and reasonably tolerant terrain Mr. Delay, a one-time exterminator from sugarland Texas is a card carrying an extremist He is called the environmental protection agency the Gestapo of the government He has fought restrictions on pesticides and toxic waste and tried lightly to undermine the clean air and clean water racks In one of his furious fights against gun control he declared the government hopefully would never turn on the people but it's human nature for it to do that if you don't have the deterrent of citizens bearing arms When Bob Dool was trying to figure out a way to end the stalemate during the government shutdown crisis in early 1996 Mr. Delay reacted with an explot of indecvared its time for an all-out war Americans should get to know Tom Delay know him well. He's a hard-right true believer in one of the most powerful men in the government And he has the savvy in the energy that George W does not rights Bob Herbert in the New York Times November 30 Okay, here's a call from Cutler Raid, Jello Okay, I try to make my point quickly first I agree with you completely about the boy scouts I agree that a private observation has the right to take a point a bigoted point of view and exclude people But once they do that they've lost all rights to public assistance and public support We do not allow the clue-clutch plan to come in and recruit people in our public school system and we cannot allow the boys count to come in and recruit children to hate homosexuals Right second point is I think we really understand where the bush Administration is coming from now on what their whole point of running for the selection was Now that the special prosecutor is called as monical wimskie again for testimony Right, so they can try to nail Bill Clinton. Just like I've told you they will never ever let it go I feel that if Bush gets the electoral college that it's important that at some point before January 20 If the Clinton resigned and the poor pardon him before the 20 or so they cannot go hunt him down for the next four years But we just don't need that we had a trial Congresses spoken get over people And I have a poll question you pull you for a future date if you like to entertain it Is it more important that Florida ensure that our lecturers are cuffs in the college of lecturers Or that more important that their cuffs act or like Okay, thank you. Have a great life. You mean that's a good idea maybe grow auto or Clinton ought to be signed today And then grow becomes president and then he just says okay, I'm not leaving What do you think about that not a bad idea? Look for more front talk shows. Yeah, and they call on jury for you. He'll show them how to pardon thing works 560 560 pound 560 on the ATM. Make sure jury doesn't hit his head again this time. Okay, he keeps falling down again lately The real Roger show sports radio 560 Hey, come on, baby. Come play with these titties My English Hot kids y'all like good little fingers The thumbs right out you think Wanna copy me and do exactly like I do get paid for right little songs about boo boo My brain's all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on but I can't figure out which class girl I'm gonna fart on You know, man, you passed him. No, what do I sell ass? Then you look well say age 12 and seem like I always smell that rip and gases and two things was pretty swell I got this job when I took my teeth off and fought it so hard to my underwork backwards like Chris Cross And every night I'm like oh dinner dad, then fun out my ass fast to the fat day two and two fast smell this honey I don't give a fuck. I said me to think the world up my aint it my aint it my aint it My aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it, my aint it You can see who wanna me kick out back in Jiu-hi high To problem was some called out my ass and die I shot him into face with my vapor The worst happened later when I covered his desk with huge toilet paper walking this trick flood My intestines will feel the moves above tan and took a dump at a tip But when I went to a dentist I had a fucking agar She lifted a leg up and I do she was a father I just found out my mom got all kids going to have to I told her I throw up to be a famous rapper they corrected about strange noise They don't look crap. You know you would dare when the women brought to lead He dropped the whole debate but she wasn't even relieved This guy watched a guy who was pretty cool but I had to go go drop the kids off and boom My aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it my aint it Talk for kid if you think there's pressure now you ain't enough any I've noticed what people are the mouth that expected at 12 30 just about 15 minutes from now so strap yourselves in buckled your seatbelts get your armpits all lathered up because in 15 minutes it's 12 30 the floor the Supreme Court look at that there's George W. I think very tight for both of us he's always got that same look on his face you know what the word is for dumb that I hate to say that but I'm gonna hear that I stand still but I like that's face it America likes dumb they like dumb jacks they like dumb celebrities they like they like dumb and they also like substance abusers Robert Downey Jr. he's still very popular name me some other popular substance abusers quick okay oh Jay there's an road to say gw up on the substance what the Joe to say our president possibly elect gw sorry he's talking about okay war's on the phone oh come on George Bush oh and of course Papa Bush now saying read my hip 567 0560 upon 560 on the 1810 for lines of wireless lines did we get that one call from a rational person over on the floor my right now but I'm sure that's not in 560 some didn't get it 877 2 or 3 877 775 6345 would make me feel so much better about life in general if just before the show ends of two the way we hear just from one like living in reading person over there if there is such a person here's a mobile in pop and oh hello I mean this half of maybe stupid question ask you well wouldn't be first one okay I've taken you to see all the crime energy wait some stand report on the week count one thing is to re-boke is that possible a re-boke where the four of the whole space is make everybody re-boke okay two o'clock this afternoon okay what he said was going to be a dumb question see what they should have done was a hand-re-count of all 38 counties where they have paper ballots and where they were the counten by you know what they do this thing where they don't have the optical scanners we do this grow testing well but they're not going to do that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 t and horizon wireless lines and then they keep saying where did all those voting those counting machines they're pretty damn accurate I mean only two to five percent margin of error only two to five percent margin of error well you know six million votes five percent is only three hundred thousand and you've got somebody win by five hundred votes but don't confuse people the facts because they've been so many lies in some by both sides so much garbage in so much ruby and so much spinning going on that's a miracle that anybody even when the Blair can't keep her got him and on straight here's a mobile and highly hello yeah now yes sir uh... like to request to ask that part for our judges birthday today George or a lot of requests for president yeah thank you okay all you want to ask out of the back by no here's a mobile and a word i was going to play music mobile and lake worth see that's online one again i don't think line one is a functioning and line two of the way to my hello now it doesn't work the whole phone bank is all screwed up if you ask me here's my and you hello hello yes sir it's been brought in this election the court for the rule that way it's just you people just don't get it you don't get it at all i mean you have a bunch of ignorant voters that don't know how to go well let me tell me why i'm going to show you how to go i ask you a question sure now vacation seven old counties gonna be heard tomorrow before judge clerk up there in the on county and i was not a case about fraud you're gonna see that when everything is said and done in that case they're gonna throw it out because there was no fraud uh-huh all the you got all the answers sir i really don't know all i know is what i've read so far sounds really bad to me and that's just not my opinion that's what a whole lot of folks even many republicans have said but don't confuse this guy with the fact they there's no way to have a conversation with the user because you just state your opinion as fact that's it of course i'm the only one that's allowed to do that because it's my show even i'm on like once you're twice a year well what's worth the point of talking about guy like that he did just states crap like fact they're gonna find i don't know what they're gonna find any more than you do asshole five six that i'm gonna be real conflict get rid of it what do they want to be caught from highly online nine i want to let's cost call online i would pay a lot of money we had a threatened them with murder to get them to put in that line for those people over there to free and we're paying for these cheap bastards of beesley and we can't get a squeeze anything out of those people why do keep them so i'm a man you know something later's over just just like when we're on here in uh... wsu and those awful days when we're on and tamper yeah that's exactly what we said and we were right on target they deserve it another bunch of muggles although they do have crystal no not your crystal and they have taken shake which we have here now too open over there right by the shabba station right by the sawgrass on some of the bar just needs to film and go and plantation why i give them some plugs okay they got good stuff and i'll get even better once they get their act together and those thick creamy milkshakes i mean real real thick with little cherry on top those chocolate milkshakes that uh... stay can shake the best unbelievable so thick yet almost even with the throom i'm not that i can eat any of that stuff because i got and you know one of the great things about this car's solution i'm not just saying this because it's only a day and a half i'm not listening but you're not hungry i'm sitting at the track last night in fact where to shoveling the food down is but i mean just shoveling it down with both hands didn't phase me and i didn't even pay attention away was eaten here's a mobile and tamarack hello and they all looking at the poll you got here uh... exhaust or legal options and petite yes i can't believe uh... what i'm reading here why i mean what you keep giving this money to all these lawyers and when all that and they're gonna fire away i'm gonna forget about it and for you to bush does a good job no one could even care about what's going on today yeah one of the good job but only for the mountain and we go with somebody else yeah i'm going to go with it for a concede that's how i voted i mean you know stop taking a crap and i know that the staff are coming back great goodness thank goodness greenspan finally said something good because he doesn't want to look like a jackass and have a recession now he said you know kept out on the soft landing or crap well guess what they they are raised interest rates too many times like about twice too many now they try to compensate for it and other markets going to the roof again thank god let me ask it is what happens if they do find far in seven or county what goes on man well and then well she finds that there was fraud and says we're gonna throw those alley abs and the balance up then the republicans will appeal to the florist and clean court and that's up to them it's like no end in sight of it exactly that's i agree with you it's time to concede it's time to we've had enough of this and i i think that the they were screwed but you know that comes at time when you have to put everybody's interest ahead of your own and let's move on that's that's my feeling tell George have you part of the that's from his friend okay happy birthday from your friend George we all you know it's an amazing how many friends we here they're all our friends our best friends i have so many best friends i never even met yet even the one that hate us they're are very most loyal friends some of our little bit on the wacky side but you can be sure that they're there every minute of five six seven oh five sixty we're waiting here patiently don't forget one thirty there'll be hearing before judge Clark up there do you think she's kind of martial art now a little bit darker in fact if martial talk would have been as dark as this car kiki Clark old j might be he might have tried he might be uh getting a juice right now florida supreme court announcement at twelve thirty this afternoon one thirty they're having a hearing and then they actually have the uh the thing they're having they're having more arguments in court at one thirty before judge Clark and then the hearing official is one thirty tomorrow i believe are three o'clock or whatever hell it is and like this last call or said i agree with them i'm not uh i'm just not one of those people that gives up easy but the fact is there comes a point in time you have to examine in your own mind is it really possible now with all the shenanigans with all the bookcraft and of course this is what baker and all the right wingers have been counting on and then i think they're right when you're just throwing up crap up in the air and you keep delaying and stalling when you lose the time in the courts how many times can you keep appealing so we'll see what the supreme court says in seven minutes uh getting nervous i'm not here's a mobile and Davie hello yeah yes sir good um i'm calm about i have ideas too and it's suffocating can buy a public um what is it new level the i i you said before right evening carbe solutions carbe solutions in way back where you're drinking they have three of them products they got the bars you know they're like a protein bars only they have a most no carbs and actually taste good unlike the other ones and they have the pound the powder you know the food to make the shakes and then they have they have the premix type protein drink that's already in the bottles they're great what are they actually supposed to do i mean how is supposed to help you i mean that's up to you you can replace meals with them or first snacks are like i'm doing you can just go on this like most of the time and there it you know okay they're filling in a taste grade okay well what what just like bloodline yeah no i can't drink it oh i just don't drink it right okay um quick a little more question there were uh about 10 years ago i didn't go to the secoy yeah jerk yeah oh i i walk with that guy i really got to you we always you know last one and stuff is great you know okay great have a great um 24 after i know i'm gonna take up break right now because 12 30 we got that big major enough coming baby i'm on the inside seat i don't give a sh** anymore about 29 at 5.60 WC or i talk about cooks but crant lots it's infectious piece of crap with his pompom is uh standing there hockey the china guns CNN the uh first uh woman in the republican league the court is gonna be making a major announcement in a minute and i'll actually put these on the left you know the few of his dad's off the hockey very good not here go away we're pompom we're fed now we're delighted to have it in our friendship uh to you uh written on storm of the second time yeah written on the other side of the country you said every four years he's got to turn me off because i go through this because i actually give my opinions let me ask you something do my political opinions change in between during most four years oh no so what is that guy talking about i just i don't understand people and never will the dials up 264 baby it was up over 300 was 323 how's that nice back doing is it hanging in there we hope better be up over 2199 well that's pretty close close to 200 and they're all waiting hinging get this goddamn fascist off my screen now and let's get the florist super in court on there that great the goofy guy that's up there in tala has to do want to keep smarching out we want to see the doors of the court house up there because at least you may have just like they have shown us the empty court room yesterday you think MSNBC will be honored they got this subbed to it on there too oh what are we gonna check this i said that they're showing the doors of the guy and there's the podium here we go there is a fabulous and others this is the case that was in jubbs last court that the first district court of appeal certified to this court yesterday evening the Supreme Court will hear air largement at 10 a.m. Thursday December the 7th 2000 we're going to follow some special procedures that are in a written document that will be available to you after after this announcement there will be a maximum of 30 minutes per side for a total of one hour of argument scheduled again as well if the jutsis is wish to ask questions beyond that period of time by can't extend the period if they wish to we have asked that briefs be filed also dealing with the question of whether the court should exercise its jurisdiction by noon Wednesday December the 6th let me go over some special procedures those of you who were here at the last oral argument we're going to follow very similar procedures to what we used before there will be 28 reserved seats for the press and the court room we were once again have a lottery system the box is available and the building for you to put your identification of business card copy of your credentials or whatever to be included in the lottery once again there will only be one seat per news organization and by news organization we mean the largest entity such as a network or a client other seats will be available and those are not reserved for attorneys and parties on the first come for a survey and once again the line the start forming at 8 a.m that's the real space in the point where the school no one else will be permitted into the building apart from court personnel there will be three staff photographers one will be chosen by the associated press the two others will be designated by other photographers covering this news event they're asked for broadcast matters once again the court has designated pet Roberts on the Florida Association of Broadcasters to coordinate the broadcast matters including satellite uplinks and uh net boxes and that sort of thing so these court Roberts and now come have the clerk of court also has a few comments to make all right my last few with it 24 there have been a few filings this morning in addition we've we've gotten this order that the more detailed order that Craig just repum we will we're going to revert back to the procedure that we were using last week for handing out copies if people will line up according to the way the marshal wants you on the steps we will have people in private time to go to the right and then come back out we'll do that pretty much the next couple of days for handing out a copy thank you prime table in procedure on the Supreme Court we man matter and what can you tell us about some half the court combining the two cases we just don't know at this point about whether the whether it be the various cases will be combined any policy justice has been ther morning this morning after receiving the official certification from the front of the meeting you may have a model of the meeting what manner as I told you before they need in many different how they spent their morning all the media man I'm telling that they're just tearing my kishki's head the media is sick and it's not that good how did they spend their morning so there you go it just goes on and on and on and on they're going to hear all arguments now briefs to the Supreme Court do by noon tomorrow and then they're going to hear all an anal arguments each side has a half hour ten o'clock ten o'clock eleven on Thursday morning and of course now maybe we'll be able to hear that I'm trying to think did we get the snow we didn't get any of the arguments before the Supreme we haven't had any oral arguments here have we slowed yeah yeah we did yeah remember the the grilled everybody are you sure the Florida Supreme Court you're thinking of the green report no the Florida yeah well that'll be good that'll kill an hour and Thursday that'll be excellent so I'd put a question I guess maybe a little bit moved but we'll keep it going now that he's lost in court again out of worship can see one seventy four forty five and a half percent exhaust all legal options two oh nine fifty four and a half percent this audience man they want to take it all the way here's a mobile and Davy hello yeah sir I've got a question for you everybody about this election I've talked to who the al voted for the damn bullet train out of it by seventy percent what's called a revote on the bullet I want to really stupid people man I just what what counties was that eligible to vote in with that what Tampa or land oh down and down here right oh I don't know was it only voted on in the counties where it's going to be running or was it voted on for why because I now I think it was statewide because of the taxpayers are going to have to vote for it all over the state well who the al voted for everybody had talked you should know me I voted no I voted no I punched it so hard I put my name first do the thing I mean I voted early enough and like you told me to vote at twice right I mean who the hell voted for that thing I I've yet to meet somebody who voted for it I mean here here's a deal with there's absolutely no funding it's like pie in the sky I'm written on the metro rail or the trial of course not nobody rides you to one of those thank you okay okay we'll do that we'll get charla crumbs I have no idea a good point it's actually what I came to it on a ballot that day I was like kind of like smurking I was laughing a little bit like you got to be kidding me that's it hasn't got a Chinaman's chance in purgatory come to find out it passes with ease weird ease don't confuse the voters with the fact man because they we didn't know their crap 1600 open line to today 560 560 pound 560 on the ATT you know we need George closure yeah we need some that's America's favorite word we need closure something as it closed your fly because it's embarrassing here's a mobile informa here's hello well yes sir yes um or is it been thanking i'm always judges follow the letter of the law because tomorrow guess what that does might do follow the letter of the law and 4,000 votes will be out the window for push yeah so I think that's just way to get a go you think she's got a stick it to him huh oh yeah and then I guess what's gonna happen yeah I don't know then it goes then also goes right to the floor to say they supreme the floor to supreme is man yeah right yeah it's 4,000 votes okay we'll take it yeah in fact somebody on that awful show on see an inverse the name of the show again three month back back back somebody I came up with a very weak line of the audience and I'm about to like the surprise why they call the supreme they ought to be singing you keep me hanging on and I thought you really didn't say that did you in the audience you know the bunch of those pictures those pictures and charters and it was funny because the one black woman she was laughing her ass off and her daughter who was very attracted by the way yeah let's say about 18, 20 whatever and she had a black look on her face because 18, 20 were kids in all the supreme from god damn chubby checker put out of you couldn't you keep me hanging on my ass model what you'd be talking about kind of a rap song is that I'm sorry hip hop 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line So they're gonna hear all the anal arguments there's the next I get to have an hour what's one good thing is see when you're dealing with a supreme court both of the state and federal level they don't do like it or regular court room where you know even though the judge did allocate a certain amount of time into their credit attorneys that ran short instead of over but they don't ask you about like that they say each I had half an hour and believe me I finished having what cut you off in mid sentence okay what's your arrest in jail if you don't shut up on that thing rings when a red light goes on well speaking the red light goes on oh don't make a mistake on the name he's still a bit he is either here on the back of my neck just stands straight up on a hero billin anybody know who that is oh 21 before one at five six you double your QM I got a great article by Robert shear in the times that I'll read in a couple minutes says your George winning is not that bad oh Neil Roger show sports radio 560 hey what he has a pair short short we want a short thank you anyway for the ABC and spin city has to call it so well it's good it's good to be here yeah sure absolutely but it's kind of different from what you've been doing in the press which is mainly uh ladies who work on Hollywood Boulevard yeah oh thank you thank you don't eat I know you've done a lot of women in gardens yes yeah but you're done the beautiful had a lot later yes all right congratulations it all yes yeah yeah yeah I am it about three and a half four seconds good oh that's not a scumbag America loves Charlie Sheen and of course there was regist mixed to end stump 17 before one at five 60 WKM Robert shear rights in the New York times dear George you don't know me but I did interview your father a bunch of times and your recent behaviors shows warning signs of the interpret corkiness that finally did him in with the public he was always just a whining away from claiming he'd been abused by someone manual noriagas Adam Hussein bill Clinton those good old boy photos of you in a cowboy had pretending to be annoyed that big city slickers are ripping you off just didn't cut it you two rich coddled and undeserving of your success to play the victim not everyone gets to be president the other guy got more votes nationally and if that photo fiasco had broken the other way you and the girl camp would now be making the opposite arguments heck if the Florida Jews and blacks were Republican voters your staff will be fervently in favor of choice for pregnant chants by deserving uh but deserving or not it looks like you're gonna be present I suspect that's what you put you into a dark funk you're scared and for good reason warlord is rejected you the president's people demand more than that four hour work they use to and you know painfully little about the world you now expected to lead it must be unnerving then before one of those big test it ill the jail when even your tutor was hungover this is not gentleman sees time this is being the forty third president of the united states golly the world a forty two others in our nation history now it's come down to you you bet people will be seriously grading your performance not like in Texas where the governor spends much time cutting ribbons casually signing execution orders and playing golf it doesn't help that the old advisors your daddy sent over as your mind is keep nodding off and the ones who still have something on the ball such as jim baker are getting trolley in their dotage dick taney acts like he's the boss and treat you like some kid he's keeping out of trouble condolese ericis smart enough but he keeps giving speeches about withdrawing troops from countries you didn't know existed so much to know so little time to cram it's gotten you so anxious about being smart enough to pull this off that your severe teenage acne is returned i know running for president was a lot of fun but now you're discovering with those mock cabinet meetings you're holding and being president is real work the medium won't let you shrunk off those fuzzy numbers there's a lot of annoying detail you have to know better get plenty of those three by five index cards rattle rigging carried to remind himself of important stuff but i didn't write this note to bum you out by dwelling on the incompetence thing all contrary my advice is get over it even if that negative assessment is too as many appear to believe you'd hardly be the first incompetent who had in the white house you're not iridimably in epin anyway there's no reason to compare yourself to that no at all al Gore he said eight years of on the job training and one of the most successful administration's in modern history but he couldn't carry the administration's home states of Tennessee and Arkansas sure that brainy stuff impresses people in New York and little in california but Gore forgot to keep his intelligence hidden back home you had no such problem if the voters wanted brain leaders go would be a vina shoo and instead of a scraping for chads and mimey beach clearly almost half of orders are experiencing prosperity fatigue if forgotten that your father and ragan ran up more writing than all the previous presidents combined and they're buying into supply side economics once again my advice is to abandon that GOP economic dog meant that almost gave the country to the japanese forget that nutty tax cut for the super rich that will only wipe out the surplus in prevent you from spending federal dollars on all those projects your cork consultants want big federal bus brought roads airports water electricity prisons huge military contracts and oil technology to new capitalism to southwest attack Washington but grab those federal tax dollars it's the taxis way however you're going to be present in the whole country and the rest of the states wanting on that federal dollar particularly those in the world backwater states devoted for you and couldn't survive without congressional pork now George this is something you know a lot more about than you may think just use the model of how you got all that public funding to build a new stadium for your baseball team and Dallas you only mandate you have to be as moderate so don't answer pet robits and phone calls and whatever happens keeps smiling because that's what you're good at robber chair in the New York time you're pretty the end of their nice going bobby right on target for intentional wrongdoing and they talk about substantial compliance and aren't you going to have a problem here because all what this issue here isn't about fraudulent votes it's about apps and it's about applications to get votes so that people would be able to vote no one's playing in the votes were regular well the substantial compliance has been ruled by the Florida courts to come include properly filling out the ballot request you can't believe out as a matter of law you can't believe out information it's absence is the absence of substantial compliance as a matter of law and what happened here is the voter registration numbers that do identify the voters were not on there and the Republicans came in and with the anivance of the supervisor of election filled in those numbers that is illegal in and of itself and meets the standard of not being substantially in compliance with the law how do you like that I think maybe these other people have got more smarts than I do these people are saying just look on another day or two I think tomorrow that hearing in seminal county I'm the whether or not I'm counting on the seminal absentee ballots that could be the trigger in the wood pile but all copycone at Nikki Clark or trigger in the wood pile that's bad that's what the Bush people are probably calling five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line here's what my as well hey I don't know I got a living on breathing a person over here for my right yeah it's amazing wow so I used to be over from east coast so I guess I'm not original over here but I wind up over there school okay yeah but okay anyway yeah this is going to be a big joke this whole thing here I was in town how to this weekend busy and the whole newspaper first full pages of that that crap newspaper up there with all about the selection bush met up there and it was in choke and wherever you go these happy these people all these political people up there you know hanging out and that's all they want to do that they're trying to interview people and people don't want to talk about out there they're a bunch of videos and all but I got a solution of this whole thing brand the going to the base to bring course in this national bring court let's just go to the TV Supreme Court let's get such duties budget brown wopner all these old guys on there and just have their own Supreme Court and they get the crap yeah I think five brown still get to them yeah five six seven five sixty pound five sixty and they actually had a real call from four miles from somebody under the age of a hundred somebody's out to the left of a tiller behind now my day is made now I can go home and have more of my car solutions it's like a miracle I don't like he talking about it and people I yeah all you would have fat stuff I've been here that for a hundred years well it's true but most of us who are fat don't want to be fat now some people are fat do want to be fat I don't want to mention no names did those keys come yet you know it's interesting that he can send over in in those FedEx packages he can send over all the video tapes all everything it's ever been intended sixty copies of school magazine but those keys I mean how much space do a couple of keys take up you could you could hide them in your back to the cocaine but I don't see them showing up and I'll say it again you only reason that it was called last year is that whatever day it was was the sucker-loss that we could come in here would enjoy about a focal another scumbag that we don't want any part of and they had even George said oh if that's what it takes to get any more of your free meals out the answer is no the prices too high at that I mean Ron Jeremy at least was a little bit of fun I would think it was that that he was sitting at close now had a look at him it was in the middle of lunch hour because it really screwed me all up for days but nevertheless he was a little bit of fun not too much but a little but you know but a fruco and absolutely not where's the guy named keys fat so here's the mobile inform orderdale hello how are you doing pretty good um the thing that scares me more than anything with this is how stupid the country is is what I'm learning to to vote for this man and that's see him for what he is it's like the brainwashed religious writers is the way I see it and it scares me that the country um yeah about the see that's the thing I find reflecting is that most of the people who voted for him are not members of the brainwashed religious writers I just don't know who they are but I mean don't really see this man I mean if he had the first chance to get marble and he'd be there he's so stupid he would he would film it I mean show it was friends uh-huh another thing is um I can't just write that wedding or he was drinking it I'm sorry yeah I can't picture this guy at the same table sitting down with yasa out of fact and you know Clinton has that smile he's friendly he knows you know besides what he's he's done he knows how to deal with people this guy scares me he he's not a mature and challenging human being who knows what to do yeah you see what I'm saying I know exactly what you're saying it's just not the man I want to appreciate pretty hard to sit down with who are leaders but you don't even know uh who they are or where they're coming to a war or what come to their firm or where that company is on a map that's a ton and right and then like you said it doesn't seem to bother most Americans they don't understand that I just thought it just bottles my mind they don't see Jim Baker I mean how he's so full of it and how he just uh brainwashings and they lie with the count or we can I mean what's what's with America I mean I'm no Gorillava but I look at it objectively and uh it's scary this is how Hitler brainwash people convince them lie to any people that just naturally uh yeah stupid I'm sure George W. he's not the shopper enough to be Hitler but I'm afraid the time delay is so hang on tight keep that passport handy and Jayden's Baker not James Baker that virulent anti-semite I'll say it for the 10 minute time can you just imagine how they're squeezing themselves silly until they almost can find it thinking about those old Jews that got screwed up and voted not just voted wrong but voted for Papu cannon instead of Gor they must be getting such sexual excitement out of that that uh to say describe it on the you or probably I lose our license three rules of bounty they must have gone through here's market hello it's a quick a pick up yes sir you know when people don't vote with their heads they're voting with their emotions and what their emotions are has to do with race religion and money yeah and if you have any question why people voted for Bush it's so it's one or all of those above that's motivating that's what that's what the only answer something that the same thing it's going to have been said in 1996 when door lost in a pretty much a landslide well what was the difference no no difference people people's priorities unfortunately in their emotions and that that's the difference was that Al Gore isn't even a shadow of built up and he couldn't uh lick his finger well that's like it and in many ways that's true but you know the reason I called Neil was because I've been after this Teresa LePore for a long time now and I understand there's an article in the Wall Street Journal that links up with Adnan Kishogi I don't know if that name Marling's about with you no but he was a and on what was he to say play for no he was a very big arms dealer during the uh Bush the first Bush administration and was involved in the Iran Contra situation yeah and she was working for him at one time now she claims to be a Democrat and she's the one who's responsible for those blood of light ballots and uh and uh West and Palm Beach County so when I this I I don't agree with you I think that uh this should be taken to the limit and beyond if necessary even beyond the limit if it's the limit to the because uh an election that was that was illegal game illegally to me is never acceptable and I would be okay we'll take it into the Twilight Zone I'm never except this uh the results of this election and I don't think that Al Gore should either because uh you know if he really believes what he's saying it would be impossible for him to be able to say well everything well I you know I hate to break the nose to and Al but sooner or later the day is gonna have to come when what what do you mean why why you don't say in other words it's gonna go on to the right and I'm the country how is the country suffering you know I said sooner or you can hear what I just said yeah sooner or later there has to be a day on which we decide this is the end and certainly a week from the day being the 12th of December you know as well as I do that the Florida legislature isn't that that day coming past without selecting a slate of electors for George Bush there is absolutely no way the clock is ticking fast and we're down to the final days I understand that you know however I would say this I may be resigned to the final solution but and I said have a great day is that what James Baker said oh hearing in 130 and the several absentee ball case that's just a hearing and then tomorrow that judge he's gonna give him what for I just have a feeling she's gonna really stick at home prompt that these six is five sixty WCAM WCAM dot com or the world hey but heads it's the one to do out I need another portion and I need it I feel like a baby saying it out my ass I'm problem in heaven trouble lifting my feet to panic with the fake at lines down the street if the abortion shuffle the abortion shuffle that forgot me in trouble leave me out on the double Oh oh According to a press release from a group calling itself the Justice and Florida Committee which supports the legal challenge in Seminole County, a local reporter testified in a deposition that last month the interview controversial Seminole County election supervisor Sandra Gord. She's accused of allowing Republican political operators to alter applications for absence of the ballots in her county while denying that same opportunity to Democrats. The reporter according to Justice and Florida says Gord told him on tape that her office would not honor absentee ballot request forms submitted without voter ID numbers. Justice and Florida claims the city was broadcast at the same time that Gord was permitting workers paid by the Republican Party to complete the forms. How do you like that? It is not unprecedented in Florida to do in the Bralda, all absentee ballots in a county. If there is evidence of wrongdoing, such a move would be disastrous for the Bush forces since Bush carried the Seminole County in Martin County absentee vote by a thousand of votes. How ironic if Bush demand was fought so hard to exclude so many votes is defeated because thousands of his votes were excluded as illegal. How do you like that? So like I said, let's hang on another day or two. And then what I said before, oh yeah, that's what I said. Here's another fact that says happy birthday, George, many more healthy ones than did you know. Guess who's birthday it is tomorrow, George. Ali on. Oh, you already knew that. Sure. Oh. Ah. Yeah, but I bet you he's not getting this happy meal. That's what we ought to bring George for his birthday tomorrow. Happy meal. Each year hard on Ali on. Me, he's got a heart left. Eat me more of those happy meals. That'll be it. What's the toilet? So is I know he's happy to celebrate his seventh birthday with his daddy, even if he's in Cuba. That's what Fern says. She also wants our email address. We don't have uno female. Don't know give it to her. We don't do uno. They don't have to just collect that. What is it? Neal Rogers.com. What is it? Neal Admini. What is it? Neal Admini. Okay, there you go Fern. We don't do email. Because most of it is crap. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Hey. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. I'm a registered Republican for MRIs. Uh-huh. But guess what? What? I didn't have any of transportation. I called Democratic Party so I could go down there and vote against books. Really? Oh, yes, sir. How you doing? That's great. And you know what? Really? Burned me though. Did you drive up on 95? They got this bush campaign headquarters. They just changed the name on the front of it all the time. On the front of that building. What does it say? The Hitler Youth Headquarters now? No, no. It was. It was. You know, whatever bush was running. They just changed the first name. Uh-huh. Oh, I see. Haven't you seen that? No. I don't know. Heading up on the top. You'll see that building. The headquarters. It was gibberish. Then it was heard before. Probably next time it will be George P. Yeah, yeah. You know, I can't. Now, you used to be Bill and Carter on the side of those buildings that we can watch George P. Oh, and the thing that really frosty is here, this guy gets on the TV. He looks like a 14 year old kid. Is that direct one? And is that going to be representing us around the world? Who George? Well, I'm lost the bush. I can't keep track of my bush. Well, the latest bush. You know, I'm a bush. I mean, you mean, W. Yeah, I mean, he looks like a 14 year old kid. No, they're like, we're going to keep him inside of one house. Planned a lot of video games. They got some real fancy stuff. They got a PlayStation 2. They just got in for his Christmas gift. And the keep him in your lot in Cheney. It'll be running around to those arcives up in about a week. Five, six, seven. Yeah, what's going to happen then? When Cheney bites the bullet. You think it's going to be Tom Delay, maybe? Um, for our president or track lot. Some other fascist white wing of panic. Then we're really sure of those people in vote for this guy. Or what is conservative compassion? Compassionate. What is it? Con-con-con-compassionate the fascism? That's what it is. I get confused. Hey, listen to a page that people like to take you for a shower. What's wrong with that? Give your free train ride. Here's Sunny Isle. Hello. Sunny Isle. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. I've come to the conclusion. Yes. Who's the blame for this? Okay. Lay it on us. Go right ahead. I said that Japanese pilot, because it was a little more efficient. We'll have to deal with Jebo George. Okay, great. Brilliant. That was that brilliant or what? Oh, that was good. Okay. Take a couple more mil pound of calls again a few weeks. When your bag flows over again. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. Breaks through a 3P and bring your briefs. Boxes or briefs? Reefs or what is it? At 3P into the Florida Supreme Court on the US Supreme Court. We got so many goddamn rulings back and forth and forth and back. It was pretty exciting for a while and now George reminds me of the call of it that I was an Amsterdam. When they had the first hearing before the Florida Supreme Court that was broadcast. So we are going to get to you the audio on Thursday morning. And you can hear right here on Neil Rogers show on WQAM. We will have it. I like to do some popcorn. Unlike the other make beliefs, stations that pretend to be news, they're whatever they're there. This ain't even a news station. This station couldn't give a crap. Blessed about the news. I must have talked about some stupid junk. But on this show, we try to bring you some stuff like we'd last Friday with a US Supreme Court. And we were the only ones on your whole goddamn dial that did it. And I'm proud to say it, even though it was pretty controversial in the monotonous. But nevertheless, and it's only going to be one hour. Damn it. Now what are we going to do about the spots? Huh? I don't know. Pile them up. Play them over the top of it. Oh, I mean, it's only an hour. I guess we'll still have to get the spots in there. Because in the ones only a half hour need side. And we do those, where I'll just talk fast. We can play those while the Republicans are talking. I have to go idea. I never listened to them anyway. Five, six, seven, five, six, yeah. Somebody was saying, what's the white here? Guys named again, very richard. Who's the registered Democrat. But the lines about it and pretend that he didn't vote. Even though we know he voted for a vote. Get what he said. I said no one in Republicans. They do everything. I don't listen to it. I don't. I don't. I don't know where to some ballgame or something. Because I really know what they're going to say. They want to do what they want to do. They want to put all the chads on death's row. Here's put Saint Lucy. Hello. Good afternoon. Yes, sir. Are you aware that we are, and I, you know, here's the media all the time that the Rep to the world is laughing at us. Yes, they are. They are telling you the absolute free. I know because I was in the rest of the world while this was going on. And I was, and I was saying that because I do a lot of chats on the internet and boy, and I'm in Florida, and they rip me a new one. I've got three or four new ones now that I didn't have the floor. Yeah. Yeah. But even the Canadians even know how to border their making fun of us are Conuct friends. Conuct friends are all in friends are in Sweden. But our friends better come down. Because we're a might of how worthless their dollars, so then they might shut up real quick. But anyway. But that's the, that's about this. It's in time for it to stop. I'm not hate it because I like a lot of what they're doing over on the right wing side of it all, but it's got to come to an end at some point. And for that guy that says he can't accept it to 2002 elections or less than two years away. That's right. The head back is going to be a bitch pal. Don't ever forget it. See you. And I'm stood on. And since they keep making all these ball game analogies, well, it's like a baseball game that got rained out. Oh, no, it's like a football game. They keep making these stupid sports analogies, and while they're trying to well end the game or it's got a prolonged game, I'll give you even a better one of the football and else you. And I've said this for years. And that is like in football, you know, that it's supposed to be so accurate and so important, you know, and of course the big thing is getting your first down move the ball up the field. And they, they bring in the chains. And they have these 80 year old referees in Lines, men and Hover these guys are. And they grow and they bring in those chains, and they come while they're in the middle. And in the meantime, the referees, wherever they play ended, they pick it up and they come under one other and then they put it down in the guy holds it with this finger on top of the ball. Now, they've already moved it at least once, sometimes more than once, and then he spot the ball. And then they come in and they measure it to within a hundredth of an inch. Right down, you know, and that business within a hundredth of an inch. And as though they're fully saying the puppet finds it, like there's really some degree of accuracy there. Which of course anybody knows there's not, but once you say that it takes all the fun out of it because it makes it illegitimate. Just like this election, the election in Florida was illegitimate. Just like the kid that Dan Burton had, it was illegitimate. Because you had all these paper ballots, all these shenanigans, all the absentee ballots. Did you see when they showed the bins that were holding the absentee over these ballots? Well, there's mailbox bins. Oh, my. I should have said, unbelievable. And the condition of some of those, it looks like some people use those for a shaman and they're like torn and shmudged and changed this Christ. And then they convince you that, oh, yeah, well, it's all there's this. How did we have accuracy? Right. Just the fact that they're admitting to it, two to five percent. I have a margin of error on a machine recount. Two to five percent. So if you take that nationally, if we had a hundred million people for a little way, it would have more than that. A hundred million people vote. Five percent is five million votes. Well, what's five million votes for Christ's sake? Yeah, okay. Good point. illegitimate. That's just the word to keep in mind. No matter who they declared the winner, it was illegitimate. Nine minutes after one, just like that kid that the Whitman illegitimate before the abortion there in Texas in 1971. I'm seeping like a wild, rich child. I've got such a huge end again, although. I'd love to very close to life, particularly in fairies. Who don't know the Bible like I know. I'm like a wild, rich child. And how we all must think and act alike not to think never to appropriate. And goodness is wonderful in everybody's world with bright and Christian. And look at the same and set the same things. Daring, I don't think so. No. To me, that would be paradise. And to be publicly united. I am seeping like a wild, rich child. And how we all must think and act alike. All the games black and yet long must die until everybody's world. And what? One 16 at five 60 WQAM. Al Gorekin put a large part of the blame on Miami politics. He loses his selection. After Cuban Raffibor, Ilian Gonzalez received the gunpoint by federal agents in Cent-Pacter Cuba. Angry Cuban Americans who make up the largest voting block in the county, now the punished president of the Clinton's partner, even though he opposed setting the boy back to Cuba. As usual, do they make any sense? No. Don't confuse them with the facts. Some angry Democrats claim Mayor Alex Pinga Picanius, someone once portrayed his gross ace in the whole with Cuban and South Florida, shy to away from active support because he didn't want his support for Gore, hindering his only election bid in the September primary. The up and coming Hispanic mayor won that race with 52% of the vote. The impact of the Ilian decision affected the outcome of the election. The Democratic Party said that obnoxious Romanoan Salle Sanchez, leader of the Cuban ex-Augruc democracy movement. At the Ilian Gonzalez case, it had been handled differently, Mr. Gore would have been present in these said. Democrats like Hailey, a mayor, while Martinez said that the only reason Panels was able to pull off the election victory was because he had the endorsement of two influential Republican commercial leaders in South Florida both of whom are Cuban. Furthermore, when the manual recounts were halted in date county two weeks after the election, a day after the mayor had a meeting with Republican officials in Tallahassee, Democrats questioned whether Panels had asked the canvassing board to crawl it off. I had by a law, no influence over the supervisor of elections, David Lee, nor over the rest of the members of the Miami-Dade canvassing board, he said in the statement on Friday. Miami-Dade Democratic Party Chairman Joseph Gellar Vest, some of the up-house party members feel toward the mayor. We certainly could have used all the help we could get. Clinton won 60% of the vote in Miami-Dade County in 1996 after getting four and ten Hispanic votes, and one just 53%. Many Hispanics never broke the link between Clinton and Gore, even though the vice president of the post sending the Gonzales Boy back to Cuba. If Gore wanted that as well as Clinton did in 1996, he would have left the state with a 40,000 vote margins at Joe Garcia executive director of the Cuban American National Foundation. Martinez charges that Panels took a walk for whatever reason, succumbing to pressure from Cuban Americans and Republicans not to support Gore. Before the alien phenomenon, Panels was solidly behind the vice president, sending fundraisers and rallies, his demeanor change came during a five month custody of spute over the boy after a pre-rated by Ombegin's followed. There were a lot of Cubans devoted for Bush because their angry said Leonardo Mirra, what is named Nierda, 42. Well that's how it all morita. I'm sorry, well some of the same letters is Nierda. A janitor with the Federal Reserve Bank in Miami, the morning after the election. Leonardo Mirra, who helped that Panels would be there to sue that anger, the mayor's top political advisor Rick Katz insisted that once Panels returned from a trade mission to Spain, he would work extensively to help the Gore campaign. Panels was barely back in time to catch the vote, let alone to help Gore and Miami. He failed to attend a Democratic Party sponsored Gorely Roman Raleigh in Hirelia, two weeks before the election, opting for the trip to Spain instead. And Panels wasn't there when Gore held a celebrity filled basions out beach the night before the election. And he said, you're like that. So like Emmy Shaper would say, it was given, given. Now you really believe that any of those people would have got a Democratic no matter what? No, it doesn't. Clinton got 40%. And Gore got 53%. 7% would have made 40,000 vote difference. It was given. Well let's pick on them today. I've been letting them off the hook for one. Not so much picking on them, just pick on Mayor Pinker Piccaine because everybody hates him. What's that? Is that a birthday present for you? It's a T-bird. 55? Yeah. 63. Why didn't you keep doing that? Why didn't you book a blanket, bring this to this little model of cars? This is my birthday present. It goes down. No, go to play Edson. Yeah, I look like with all the other ones that we have on the floor here and on over there. Yeah. I don't know. I'm the field bed, but would you stop wasting your money? Here's a month, eh? This I do. Put it with all my other toys. Yeah, right. You'll put it up on a wall somewhere. It'll be sitting on a shelf with all my other toys. I'll know how to do it. I'm going to do it. Yeah. I'm going to do it. You want to show it up at the box because you don't even know if I'm going to open those boxes right next to the door to the door. No, that would be worthless. Just like it is now. I think he can't even keep a straight face on that. But if you want to waste a money, the economy needs your help going ahead. Here's Lakeland. Hello. Yeah. Hey, Neil. Let's just give you a little taste of Nikki Clark yesterday when she was doing some pre-trial hearing. So, some of those lawyers was on it. I saw a little bit of that. I kept crap on out and finally she said you just need to get a new phone. Got it. Yeah, I saw that. She's tough. Yeah, she'll put up with any class. She's good. But when the little criminal acts that were committed as a civil county was the Democratic absentee ballot request forms that were just thrown away or left in a pile. Right. If somebody went to vote, you know, they didn't say for a good well. I didn't get my absentee ballot. I'll just show up and vote, you know, turns out they're in town or they couldn't somebody get them arrived and get there anyway. So, those you made a request, you could not vote at the poll. Regardless of whether you get your absentee ballot back or not. So, people that, to those, those piles of Democratic absentee requests, those folks couldn't vote period because they'd made a request. So, when they showed up to vote, if they were able to make it to the poll, they're taking off the list because they made a request. So, one of those stuff was putting a pile at this in franchise them. You're gone. They had piles. Right. The bullet train was a statewide referendum. Everyone in the state could vote for it. And the reason it passed so easily was because of the way the court, it was worded. Would you like a high-speed rail train in Florida? Sure. If it had been worded, if you vote for this, you will lose 20 years of funding for roads. And there is no funding source for this. No. It would have failed, Mr. Chairman. So, that was the way it was worded. Well, yeah, we'd each like 50 grand in cash under about a bed tomorrow morning too. But I mean, what kind of crackers that pie in the sky? Yeah. So, when you see that that high-speed rail moving across the state of Florida, all the little warm-wife, the animals working up out at the same time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I want one of those. Yeah. We forgot to tell you we don't have any money for it. Yeah. Why don't we go and talk about Georgia high-speed rail and so that's super carry be a lot happier. You'd be a happy boy. Right. Okay. Have a great day, sir. Yeah. Bring my high-speed train next time. 560560, palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon, wireless line. 480, productive set and a Florida Supreme Court. Well, that's quite a shock. I just, I don't know. If I can just hang on for one or two more days. You think I can hang on for one or two more days? I don't know. I don't know. It's good to think I'm on this and move the diet. There's no dangerous diet in mind. And it's not dangerous, there's plenty of good. Anybody going to tell me dangerous, besides my mother? There's protein, there's frantic carbohydrates, vitamins, which I take a lot of anyway. I don't think it's often dangerous about this. But I'm sure somebody will advise me like Thursday at lunch with mommy. Somebody will say, I have to know what's dangerous thing. I haven't heard. In addition to which when you drink a lot of this stuff. Oh, you ought to hear the splice dead makes. Here's the lady in the gable. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, ma'am. Let me ask you this. If Bush had won by just one vote, right. Right. And that landslide of 530 something. Right. You think that the courts would react if just the same as they have. Well, I can't see how judge Saul's could have said, no, that's not looking to be 14,000 ballots at the margin would have been like one vote or five votes. What I'm meeting up to is with all the ministry of laws. But let me just go beyond that. Okay. The problem is, and I do understand this from the other side, how can you. Realistically do selective research. In other words, if it's this close or if it's within five votes, what it is now, what should have been done was a manual recount of all the counties in the state. It had to be done. It had to be done. It's basic common sense, which we don't have anymore. But with all the munitions of laws, why don't they why, why isn't there a law of fraction of less than one person of the vote, be either way to meet with the demand to run off? Why isn't there a law in Florida? No, no, no, no, no, no. What if we go to war run off with home? You mean, you can't be each other. I think you can't go. But there is no provision for run off in a presidential election. There's no such thing. Well, there's a million other laws. Why wouldn't there be one for that? Because there's none. All right. Okay. As Thomas Jefferson, as Thomas Paine and the S, I don't know. They're just, is not. My other question. And what do they make sense? Yeah. It's, it's, it's too, it's too logical in too much common sense. Uh-huh. My other question to you is, how do you think the, and I've already saying it to you, the, the apathetic public, even though the majority voted for Gore, is going to react when Bush gets into off. It's a big and remain passive and I don't give a damn. I, maybe for two years, I think in 92, you're going to see a tremendous backlash. And most of that right here in Florida. Commendous. You think so? Yeah, I know so. All right. I hope I hope the man does. And what needs to happen between now and then is that the balance need to be, if we can't afford the cash to come up with the computerized voting machine, at least the balance has to be put out the way so that all those people that are going to go about to protest in 92, and I assure you that they will, that those people's votes will be able to be counted. Well, I'm just afraid that Bush and Changi are going to get drunk one night and push the red button and blow up the whole, Yeah. Because they're both drunk. I'm holding that breath. Okay. Have a great day. I don't think they're going to let me either want to make any more near it. Of course, if Changi at the bottom, you, you, you, you, you have no near the button. Because if Changi started to reach for it anyway, he probably, yeah, it would probably be a hardwood crap out. And the button, too. 25 past one is five, 60 WQA. The Neil Roger show, you'll sports radio, five, 60. You, A, M. Gordon did South Florida a major blow job. I'm disappointed, you hear? Oh, come on, Jack. I'm your older brother for grass-flake. Who's it? I'm smart. Not so blessed to see. Stay here. There, just, Bush brother. Let's step outside. We need to talk. What is it, good thing? You ever going to tell me about those offers you've been getting from a compete Noil companies? I turned them all down. Why do you treat me this way? I always put loyalty to you. So here's staying. I'll stay. Now, as you know, it was outside the edge of making you your president. Remember, your governor, Bush, Senator Bush, President Bush, I never thought so. You're the last, you must be a brother. Big. Rocko? I want nothing to happen to him. As long as my mother is alive. Yes, please, brother. Under his hood, brother. Yes. Get the hell to the track. Get to this. Okay, I just had a dump that. 130, just the editing gunshot out of the end. No, it's not a good one. We don't need the secret service here. It's not a good idea. What's going to you just straighten him out and give him the car back while you're in it? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Miami, hello. Follow him. Okay, great call. Very good, very original. Excellent emotion. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, and that's not like a spik to me. Yeah, it's a make-in. It's not good. It's good. He hurts that. You know, all that. Why? Everybody's got any kind of an accent. You call him a spik? Well, because they all are. Who is it? You make cool? Is that what you said? Here's a lady in Pembroke Pines about your she isn't one of those. Hello. Yes, ma'am. Good afternoon. I happened to catch a few minutes on CNN. An interview with Maria Cantwell. Yes. And it was just really interesting because I believe she has just been verified the winner The day before last. And what she was talking about was that even though it was very anxiety-provoking that her state in a went through such a thorough and painstaking effort. Especially after she had to spend all that money right. And then again, right. But she thought that it was really important plus for the voters to feel comfortable with that outcome. And I just felt kind of a pinch of jealousy and sadness. What would it be like to live in maybe a little bit more progress in place where a close-up of the world? Well, they don't have to backwater kind of voting system in the state of Washington that we do here. Yeah, I don't know what they're voting system was made it. Maybe that made it easier to retabulate. I don't know, but it just sounded so civilized to me. Yeah. Anyway, thank you for letting me hear my thoughts. Thanks. Bye-bye. Yeah, nobody. I'm Red Sheet talked about that because we've had maybe three calls on it during the week. That this crap has gone on. And I just don't understand what it takes to get that across to you people. This is not the way to vote. I don't give a crap order with legal, whether with the legal, whether the Supreme Court says I don't care about that. If there are better, more accurate ways to do it like I just got through saying ten minutes ago, if it's supposed to be that important, get it right. Get it right. Then where they were talking about when they were recounting the ballast in date County. And you know, they've got all these big, they're shuffling all the effects. Some of you said they were shuffling them like a deck of cards. They've all these big trays for all of these damn aballoc cards. And they drop them on a floor and they step on them. And here's a few that follow over there. Remember at Guioudi when they checked a $1,000 check the Cox people give us for the charity that year, which they give us money for our charities. And if they fell on the floor in the promotions of the department there or whatever. And it was set there for like eight months. A check for a thousand bucks. And the same thing with these ballots and then we're counting all of that. Just like the thing we're measuring for first down, that's exactly what this is all about. Absolutely inaccurate, unacceptable, imprecise. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, I don't know. Okay, sir. All right. I hope you don't give me a tongue of our shint for this, but I was hoping that a tongue lashing. I don't think you might type, sir. I hope when you could play that bit, a symbolic of the police state. I'm more per his hand. It's like the marching music. Well, that's not a bit. You mean Deutsche L'Amboubouhalla? Do we enact? No, no, no, no. What is that? No, you mean the brief? The brief? So, the police state. That this country is a police state and you played this marching music. So, God. Got it? Yes, sir. I didn't even move you last yet. Don't push your locks here. 560560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Now, what do he be saying? He was Cuban. Okay, where were we going out here? When I was seeing what he was laughing about. But it doesn't. Everybody who calls it either Jamaican or sports or do you? Every single person who calls, course we don't have any Cuban, obviously there was any more anyway. So, we don't why should they live as much as well pick on end and I will sing anyhow. We got the 20% no we don't. The moderate 20. No, we don't. We don't. No we don't. They have the bamboo. They're pissed off and hate us. We didn't like what we said about Ae Leon and the fact that they went out there and just about destroyed this community as usual and tore us all apart over a bunch of crap. And I don't see anybody even talking about that five year old kid who's Mommy of Skateboard, 150 grand and took the kid over there. I don't see anybody saying, oh gee. Oh, gee, he's not going to begin this half of me all today. You see, when you know you're being used, when you know you're being manipulated, and, you know, someone in the back of your mind, you do know it, but you don't want to admit it. And after a while, must start knowing that you know what I mean? Yeah, must start disturbing you. The fact that your emotions are being played upon by assholes, by self-aggrandizing assholes, like Ramoon, Saul Sanchez, and Armando excuse me I'm more in the same way, church for 10 days and we're good years, and all these other assholes. Here's Tamarack, hello. Oh, Neil. Yes. You should have been first in line for the steak and chicken, so I'll grab. I was already there. Isn't it great? Yes, good. Not great. They got to get it up to speed with the pervison. It will be great. But if it doesn't mean that people are already and no one even knows about it. Well, I'm telling everybody that's why they're there. Oh, that's why? Yeah. You're the guy that's glued it up. Yeah, okay, you know who that is? You know who that was? Fanny Pack Guy. Yeah. That's why he started doing a voice because then he figured that he might say I'm long really worked. He was on actually like 14 seconds that a five. Fanny Pack Guy. Chronic, the stirb very deeply disturbed. Who's some weight, okay? You're really sloppy and you annoy us. And isn't it great that we're not doing those appearances anymore? Oh, at least I'm not. Maybe you can come to your appearances and do it so many. Doing another one Saturday. Well, Hacomor, I'll talk about it. Yeah. Because Johnny won't give a explanation like where you're doing it. It's at a both-side-all somewhere in the city from a loving world. Now how many people have you had last Saturday at the one? One? Oh, you have no idea where I was. I was on 30 seguid and 20. Now what have you? Why? Yummy. You had one person's your eye out laying to us at the beginning of the great both-side-all. One person's showed up or he worked like right next door. We were really plugged at twice. That that we had any of the key chains there. You had one person's shot up one day and a bit of a parent's his dad. That's one of where I got paid. Oh, that's a good appearance. And that proves what I said. None of the Julios. I wasn't in the show anymore. Oh, I know. None of them. And let me say it one more time. Julios with the exception of our one or two crimes, you know the old woman in the voice. I've been, they're not listening to show anymore. They've been about. Because that's like I got one more person than the average. When they normally do those things. Yeah. Well, Stephen, don't we be care about drawing anybody out there? That's Johnny. He learned how to sell QA in real fast. Just give us the money bill side. Well, we don't give a crap. We bring anybody out of Sunday any cars. Just give us the goddamn money. What is your saying here? It's a lot of people. I found Joe. Joe's got a pair. But what was the good for? Let's still have story that Joe was telling me. I'm better not. 22 before 2 at 5. 60. Well, he's sure ran out of here fast, didn't he? They're managed. I fucking am out! There's two cells left in. There's two cells left in. There's two cells left in. You're an asshole. Mr. Bull. There's two cells left in. You're praying. You're brother and you're daddy. You stole the election pair and swear, Mr. Bull. I hope the next time, Jeff's doing Kathy. He breaks his soul. You're a retard. Mr. Bull. A rich and spoiled brat. With your silver school for cocaine, that you pulled out of your ass, Mr. Bull. First, I wouldn't give you the gooey sweat. From under my palm. I've been in the hospital for a while. I've been in the hospital for a while. Let's get you here a little boy's last new girl, Ellen. I've been in the hospital for a while. I've been in the hospital for a while. Why are they opening some of these? All the brown chips, nuts, and that's what I'm saying. Don't pour brainless pepper. OK. 17-2-5-60 WQAM. There will be a new steak and steak at Southwest 88 Street in Southwest 157 with everyone at the discount auto store. How do you like that? It says, we may be done, but we won't be hungry. I would certainly agree with that, you know. New steak and steak at Southwest to be built though. Now, if it takes a long time for the day they build it to open it. It is the one by me. Don't hold your breath. Maybe the next presidential election will be open. Southwest 88 Street that's candle drive isn't it? Yeah. And the Southwest 157th Avenue, way out there west, or your people are. The Jews. OK, here's how the guys were on my people. Mobile and bokeh, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. Just a couple of points, you know, that in my opinion. We heard all the other political affiliations of all the other judges on the case from the Supreme Court to this guy, Mickey, Mickey, Mickey. Mickey, Mickey. Mickey, Mickey. Oh, affiliation about this, judgeingly on county. Yes, we did. You mean Sanders? Yeah. Yeah, he was a formerly Republican, he switched to his original Democrat. Ah. And the other thing is, I think it's fun that, you know, that Brown County and Palm Beach County probably succeed from the state. So, we hate. Yeah. Yeah. For my own state. You know, I don't know what that would take. We would leave, you know, we would leave state County out of it, of course. Yeah. Or maybe we'll just leave. That sounds a lot easier to me. I know I do it as often as I can. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Palm, 5, 60 on the AT&T. Hey, anybody out there want to succeed? No. OK. Well, I don't understand the good place for it. Speaking of that, here's the divorce of failure. How are you doing? OK. Well, listen, I think we should sue Spain and make them take Florida back. But I'm on vacation. I'm heading up to Maine tomorrow up to Kenny Bunkport. My nightmare is that Bush wins over the next day and has a big hat of control party. And Kenny Bunkport gets behind the wheel while I'm up there. You know, like you're kind. I'll tell you that. You're absolutely right about that. It's going to be interesting to see you. Stay at the top, by the way, if anybody has any doubts. You know, like his kind. Whatever his kind is. What we're exactly. Yeah, exactly. But what can you do? You know, you hit it on the head before when you're talking about the L.A. on the sense of last year to earlier this year. Why do you think Florida became the battleground for this whole thing? I mean, the whole thing was a well documented strategy to do this. And I looked like it was on a defeat. And then, you know, they're going to succeed. That's what the other guy wanted. I did succeed. He meant to see, right? Yeah. You guys can't get it right. You can't get your sub-par right. Well, I keep trying, though. But in any case, we have to see what happens. You know, the thing though, everybody talks about the popular vote and all this. You know, in the three or four popular vote elections where the guy, the other guy, one of the electoral and the guy with the popular vote loss. Right. Each one of those was paid in corruption. Each election. Right. And this is no different. And I was just reading the other day that the total of the haze election that that went on. That it was erected up by January the 20th or by December. And he went on for months. The inauguration back then was in March. Right. After that, he got the nickname, Rutherford B.A. Right. And it's just a matter of what goes on in this country. But they're always talking about precedence for this and precedence for that. If they were able to do it back then and it went on till March, what's the big hurry? I think certain could probably handle another couple of months. I think that's what Monika said to keep a minder. Keep it in there. But anyway, I'll be up in Maine, hopefully I'll avoid the bushes and everything else. And it closed in Maine. Can I call Adam the Lifeguard of Golden Child? Okay. Thank you. And watch out for those glory holes. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the 18, 10, 10, and the 40 of the Rutherford B.A. So we got marks on the coming. But it just never runs. Does it? Oh, no, it just keeps going like I said yesterday. I said it again the beginning of the shortest morning. And you notice the pull is now starting to move forward. Just like I am. This morning when we started a lot of us were kind of like okay, time to conceive it's all over. And now that we're sharing what's as it before the Supreme Court is. What's another day or two? After you've already spent 80 million weeks trying to figure this guy and of course the attorneys they love it. The clock keeps ticking and ticking and ticking. Yeah, they, oh man. How'd you like to have it a bank account? What these attorneys are going to be collecting on both sides. I say on both sides. And then you got the attorneys for Catherine Harris and the attorneys. And that jackass. I'm so glad that Judge Salves did one thing. It was very claiming from a judicial watch that asshole. Yeah, there was sitting there in the court. And the very first day, Saturday morning, I guess, he gets up and starts to say something. You were allowed to be here Mr. Claiming as an ambassador for one of the attorneys for a Gorgia said that he was allowed to be here. And the judge says absolutely right. Chit Thomas to claim. And then was the end of his participation. That asshole. Oh, we demand those ballots. We want to see them. Yeah, that's what the hell are you. Take a look at this. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, huh? Hi Neil, how are you today? Very good. Just for the record, I'm a white Caucasian male. I think that you wanted to, you want to show her. Yeah, I think this weekend will have to do it on the one of those ethnic polls to see if we have any Julio's left or what we got out there because I'm confused about it. No, seriously, between the alien thing and then of course, the bush business we've alienated many of the people. I don't really care, but I think it's just kind of interesting. The exact words. Because if you don't tell people what they want to hear, they get all pissed off. That's annoying. Yeah, I have a public service announced in, for everybody listening in the on their mobiles. Traffic's backed up on 95, newer found from 595, old way down to 10-brood. It's not up there, there's a real bad action. So, I'm from where the Pembrood, from where north. From Pembrood, old way up to 595. From Pembrood, we have north, okay. Yeah, so we need to pop that. Okay, I'll stay off. All right, Neil. Thanks. You take care. You too. It's just, I just, I just don't know how long this can go on. And evidently, the people out there, I mean, there's nothing else going on. There's no, there's. Yeah, folks, keep it going another four years. That sounds good. It's, in fact, look at that. There's, uh, ended up with a two tiny majority and deliberate. So, I'm sure you need to discover the public things because of this type of thing. This Bob Franken would 20 puns of cotton in his mouth. You ever hear audio of that in your life? She and, you know, they can congratulate themselves in their 20-tent anniversary and shown these clips. This is a good for only six years ago. And it sounds like he's got 52 socks in his purse. Now, which one was it had a, uh, cat named socks with that bush? Pop a bush? See, real presidents like Bob, they have dogs. Or is that, uh, or is that's plinsed or cat? What's the dog named, buddy? Or is that buddy, okay? No, no. No, all that's right. No, he was the one to keep tapping on their leg. Yeah. The one that wrote the book. Well, he's sure had a lot of stuff on his shoes. The naked, puking in the, uh, puking on his shoes and milicate on, crap it on his shoes, man. Some of you get a new pair of shoes for Papa Bush. So, he gets his hip fixed up. 10-4-2, read his hip. 10-4-2 at 5-60, W-2-1. The meal rots your show. The sports radio, 5-60. You, A, A. You're watching this as my lover. What do you mean? You sound a red dog. You've chugged a red wolf. Now, open your mouth and wrap your lips around our red dog. Red dog. Red dog, Spomie, head will lead you breathless. Red dog goes down easy, and it's never hard on your throat. So, reach into that box and wrap your fingers around a long, neck, red dog. You can shake it and spray it all over. Remember, you can't beat our red dog. Just look for the label with the big red pecker on the front. Okay, speaking of that, Luke Shelby's in the building can be a long, for a hang of two, because he's getting that big road to that. And who's reading about your dirty pictures? Yeah, he's getting the award from some organization that nobody ever heard of before. And the whole station is there. It's a good way to take it. They are. And Bluff is there, you know, with his suit on. That can, like, a real person. Is he fooling anybody? No. No. I mean, what a joke. They're this place. I never work in a place for so many people to talk so many days off. Sorry. 5-6-7-0-5. Well, that's what life's all about. We got 492 votes on our pool. I think what we'll just keep doing is to do the same pool every day. We'll just wipe this light clean. How about now is today today? Huh? No. What about, we'll do it every day. Now that he's lost in court again, our brochure could see or exhaust all the go-lopsians. Now, it's starting out today. It was pretty damn close. Remember, we was like neck and neck. And then we had that Florida Supreme Court, but they're breakfast and ounce of mental authority. And they're going to hear oral arguments on Thursday and anal arguments on Friday. And Yada got there. And all of a sudden, it started when we started turning back. We played another day or two. Why not? We got nothing else to do. So we got the 492 votes concede 214-43. And a half percent. But exhaust all the go-options, 278-56.5 percent. Which if my memory is correct, is not that much different from what it was from yesterday's pool. Which did start taking a little bit of a change after the hanging judge, Judge Sal's up there in the Lee on Cali gave his screwed up opinion. Well, actually, I don't blame him. I have no problem with judge Sal. I think he did a good job during the trial. I think I mean, I would disagree with certain conclusions. But how to help, you know, who's going to take a look in the side of it? He doesn't want to respond to the ability of changing the outcome of the whole presidential election based on a handful of ballots from a couple of counties. I think that if the Florida Supreme Court overores him fine, they got to balance up there, let them decide. I think that's really what he was saying. And anybody who can't empathize with that need some serious serious empathy help. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. So, Neil? Yes, sir. Hey, long time listener, first time caller. All right. All right. I really enjoy your show. I think George is of the great job, and you're not there. There you go. There you go. What a purpose. I would actually be, well, you define as a Julio. And I'll put it in my political preferences. Usually Republican. Right. But I'm a liberal Republican. Uh-huh. Wow. And any six I did vote for Clinton because I think it was in a jam up job at the time. Right. He was a imminent. Everybody could. And then some. And the only reason I'll be honest, I voted Bush this time. I don't think Gordon did. Sufficient of a job this saw me. I don't think he really attacked the issues the way he did. And really the reason I think Bush overgour is really on an economic policy because that's usually I've picked President. That's why I like Clinton and his job he's done. And it's unfortunately he can't run again because I'd vote for a one more time. Well, but Clinton didn't promise any gigantic tax cut for the rich. So I don't see where is the comparison between the economic policy. I'll be honest, it's very from much the, he has a hands-on of look at the economics. But I like the way that he just, he kind of sat back and said, you know, the economy is the more homeless.