2am, Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Roger show. The Neil call 567 560 toll free in Miami, David Broward, or a power 560 enterprise. The Neil, his guest callers are anyone else other shows who not necessarily reflect those of WPQAF. Be the lead acquisition door that be the broadcast version. Neil Roger, on 4th Radio 560, 567 coin glass clock 460itions keep up that. He runs works for 100 players, which is no longer part of the genre compilation. Dad doesn't talk as long as you your closest partner is. cause effort residents has a little on the side but it's a bad situation when the leader of a nation gets to kick from doing it with ugly chips, squirt grants not a twin situation to have it with a resignation. The problem is, I can't dismiss a do-escaro. A rack empty will do with a big hair and an over five. Once you come to see a volunteer on the field, lots of girls got to like Jack Kennedy but he had better eyesight. As you can see, it's a bad situation. Unlike the Kennedy administration who went for a starless days as opposed to my refuse of days and that's the leader of this nation. A bad jim-ma-frostration. They had control and I get abroad with the bad nose. Not a good situation if I have to end it with my resignation cause a candidate said Kennedy. Kennedy was 2560 WQM happy Friday too. So anyway last night, Paula Jones was on with Larry with the Hunchback. And brought to mind, the fact that I got right at the end of the show yesterday. We'd have time to do this yesterday. It's a copy of a letter from Paula Jones to Bob Bennett, who was the first attorney member of Bob Bennett, anybody member of Hamlet House for a Clinton. Anyway, this is a bizarre. It says, I'm the plaintiff in the case of Paula Corbin Jones versus Williams Jefferson Clinton Danny Ferguson in the complaint, I alleged that there were distinguishing characteristics in William Clinton's genital area that are obvious to me. I briefly observed the erect penis of William Jefferson Clinton and the hotel suite at the Excelsior Hotel on May 8, 1990, a one. At the only time I've ever seen his genital area. I've never had it described to me by anyone. Nor have I read anything. I'm a subject. Anybody know anything on a subject? I've built up this penis. I bet you have. She says, Mr. Clinton's penis was circumcised and seemed to me to be rather short and thin. I would describe it to parents as seeming to be five to five and a half inches, or less, in length, having a circumference of approximately six of a quarter, or perhaps very slightly larger. The shaft of the penis was bent or crooked from Mr. Clinton's right to left from a reserve as left or right of the observer as facing Mr. Clinton. But this overhead is just, what is it today? Every day this thing is screwed up. In other words, if the base of Mr. Clinton's penis to observe or facing him would be further than the left of the observer than the head of the penis. There's a legal statement from Paula Corbin Jones to Bob Ben and how do you like that? Nice going, Baba. Eeeeh. And the song was right. He does have bad, bad taste. I mean, I realize you'd desperate. Haven't slept with the ice princess in 20 years, but bad taste. Come on, Baba. Get with it. So anyway, we got all kinds of stuff going on today. They are the worst speaker of some bad news. John Pena is living the W.M. sales department. He only got who really sold his show in great numbers. Other than maybe Brown once in a while, I'm up to the other guys. But he was really the mainstay of this show. Some of the guys around here were too crazy about him, but quite frankly, I always liked Pena's. And John wasn't so bad either. He was in here this morning on his last day telling the unbelievable stories. Amazing stories. Stories that somehow slipped by my usually are stout ears. Like Scott Schwartz, my good-forced personal friend Scott Schwartz. It was here for about two and a half months. Two and a half minutes. Being dragged out of here in handcuffs by the FBI. I love honor, Scott. See people don't tell me these things because they assume that if they tell me, they'll wind up on the air. And are they right? Yes. They do wind up on the air. And then he also tells me, I won't mention the name on the air. Because we'll be too embarrassing about the chronic masturbator. We used to have it ourselves to probably used to do it three times a day at work here. During the middle of the day. Unbelievable. Miss your Mr. Pena, see was a good guy. Did a good job and he's going to be back. They all come back sooner later than the QM sales revolving door. That rich by the way for those who are concerned is doing real well. He's on the hospital. He's back at home. And he'll be back at the track and we can have just to have a look at those who are nervous at the track. He'll be back. Two schools seeking ban on hot dogs. There's the big story of the day. Wait for a front page of both of those papers. All you kid job. I mean, this was a tragic story. I don't want to make fun of the story. Kid choked it at the hot dog. But the fact is, I mean, talk about a little bit of overkill and overbite. Are these people out of their minds or what? Banning hot dogs in schools. Because some kid choked on a weanie. I guarantee we got plenty of people in this audience who could share that experience. Choked on a bad weanie. Nothing worse. All you kid's out there. If you're skipping school to that, there's a good lesson. Don't dust it that weady down your throat. Bad news. In fact, some students say they believe the hot dogs served in broad schools are easier to choke on because they're greasy. I almost took that once at eight rates student ran all the colas. What kind of a name is that, running? The hot dog is so much oil on it. It just slipped right on the, it's what he said. Oh my god. Oh my god. I wouldn't let that get around sweetheart. So they want to opt out hot dogs and corn dogs and all that good stuff. I don't understand. What's wrong with this world? What is wrong with this world? No more weeds in school. City like magazine and I'm amazed. It goes to show it. Does anybody read city like magazine? No. One guy came to meet the hot dog in the United States. It borders a big front page story on your body and attorney normal can't in the city like magazine. So I picked it up downstairs this morning before I came up here. And it goes on and on and on and on. I mean page after page what a tribute to normal can't who deserves it I guess. I guess. But there's a really starving line there if I can never find a guy dancing about how normal doesn't smoke no pot. Except when he's alone or what somebody something like that. And there's a picture of Bill with. Here's a guy who's suffering from multiple school roses. Is in enormous pain. It's got a picture of him. And it is their two pictures in him like strap down. They have to keep this guy strapped into his wheelchair and in the woods beds. We doesn't fall off. That's how much pain and how little control he's got over his body. And this guy is smoking medical marijuana and he want to throw this guy's ass in jail. And you do understand don't you? That's the American fucking way. That's right. Here's a guy that is in so much tremendous unbelievable pain. The only way he can alleviate it was with his marriage and we need. And they want to put this guy in jail. I hope you pick up sitting like magazine and take a look at this guy. This is pathetic. Look at that picture. The guy's got his he's got no airs of hand like up in here like this. He's twisted and controlled it and the shoveled and the wasting away. And strapped into the bed, bill with and crawl spring. It depends on pot to lessen his discomfort. And you would government your polis here. You're going to take him to court. They want to put his ass in jail because he's smoking a wicked weed. Is this country crazy? Uh-huh. Or what? Are we going to talk about that big game this weekend on this show? No. No way Jose. No way Jose. I mean, you can only pray. Pray at the Jacksonville. Kick the crap out of these guys, which they probably will. So we can get this over with. No more Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny and all other crap. Please, everybody with a brain is begging that. Please, just give it a rest. Okay? They beat Piper High last week that was very nice. We're all impressed. Now let's get on the real teams and deploy off and stop the BS. I'm not supposed to say that. El Paso this week's senior and no thanks. 8 minutes after 10 at 5. 60 W to QM. The real. Yeah. How are you doing, honey? Hey. Can I buy you a spare and all? I'm a friend of the hell. That's my limit. What about that? Listen, pay for recorded calls and broken two votes. That's right. Gerald Ford has tripped in fall on tiny beam and chill. All you have I never trusted one damn thing to me, Carter, said. It's a liar. Reagan's biggest problem was this white big old damn pay. I call it now we've got a president who does much more than flirt. Yeah, that's the nub. You get the job just with that tiny skirt. Well, if you find a father's girlfriend, they will be your renaissance. If it's lies the third eye, Clinton's big old wing that. Ah, fuck, crap. That is very fun and choose. Clinton's big old wing. Fuck this off. Let's deal on the first. Let's pop off, help you. These partial to young ones who make their homes out. The only job required a minute. Have a pretty mouth. Then they saw a better small, they all fall in this trap. Let's go, honey. Take a lot of it. Put here on my lap. You might bump into split willy at your local box. In the parking lot, it's special. Council can't install. If I take you, Foxy, fill me. I sit down between us. He'll touch you tough and he won't stop his thinking with his weeness. I'm not. Fuck him all around. All that's right. I'm faking. Let's be anxious. I'm going to get there a lot of here. I got to celebrate Martin Luther Coole. We're going to have the best other one of clock. I'm going to get there a lot of here. I got to celebrate Martin Luther Coole. We can the right way. You get out of this guy for a second time. But anyway, what we're going to do is see how many people can call in between one one of clock and say Tomos Regalato was an asshole. He's an asshole. I mean, this guy's just unbelievable. Here's another radio talk. Historical talk host on Spanish language radio turn politician. One of the first five thousand. And he's in there yesterday with a Miami City Commission. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Scream it all in the meantime. He wasn't interfering with a police activity out there there. That historical night last week. But they got to video tape. There he is with his arms around the cop, which means he wanted to date. He wanted a dance or he was trying to be straight in from doing his job. Or he didn't do that. He never made a historical protest to read in life. Tomos Regalato. He's an asshole. I think I'm just going to do that for the whole show to them. Just going to say Tomos Regalato. He's an asshole. Yeah, it sounds good to me. I like to ring of it, you know. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I think we may be alien free here pretty soon. Maybe we can get by this. You think it's going to be over pretty soon? Oh. Here's a mobile and coconut creek. Yeah. He's a big lot of asshole. Excellent. Good. But I want to say that he's a... The emphasis on bulls. And let me tell you the continued of great work because when I wake up in the morning, if I wouldn't hear your voice, I'd say this. I'm moving out of this country. And let's say this. What do you say? I'm glad you're fortunate. You must have a class that's what we asked. Yeah. I'm a good friend of the area. You're a rump full of ruckus. Yeah, I'm doing it. Yeah. I'm going to get a happy point. Get out of here. You've got a bad phone in your 100 years old. Have a great life. Oh my god. What the hell was that? How's my view? By the way, he's still dead. Is he dead? Oh, he's still dead. Here's a call from Pompano. Hello. I don't know who the day is you're talking about, but if he calls civil unrest, he's an asshole. He's an asshole. You don't know Tomas McGilato. I have been consciously trying to avoid. Former Hispanic historical talkers, but a rodeo, my beta was kicked off Guantanamo a few years ago because he was causing civil unrest down there and making people act like a bunch of lyrids and it was the same thing here. You know, at least part of the week in the Far Reach is a bro at county. We don't listen to much Spanish radio. So thankfully we can avoid that kind of garbage. Yeah. One thing I was going to play tried to call. Yes, they have it all the snores trying to get to Jacksonville. Take it if I could. You asked a question. You were talking about the millennium. Yeah. You were talking about newfoundland having their times on a half of the night. What is wrong with those new fees? Well, no, it's probably because they're in a nice lady area up there. But here's the reason why I'm saying this. I was, I had called you from Australia a few months ago. Yeah. When you find a Sydney it's one time. You fly the Melbourne it's an hour later. And then when you go to Adelaide, that's a half an hour different. Also there's another one. There is. And then between Adelaide, which is like where Dallas would be in the United States and Perns, which is where San Diego would be. Right. It's an hour and a half. There's nothing in between Adelaide and Perth at all except for the great desert out there. The great wasteland. So because there's nobody out there. They readjust the that way. But there is one other place besides Newfoundland that there's a half an hour half hour time change. Oh, right. I want the new fees to feel alone. If you're left down. If you like a bunch of on-balls. Hey, I got you a certain question. What what prompted you? Obviously you haven't been feeling that this virus. But what was it inside of you, do you doctors want to do the command for this test? Or was there something that you felt bad about yourself that prompted you to say doctor? You know, if you're looking at a naked one morning, I felt really bad about myself. Come on. But I know what do you mean by that? I'm just saying was there something that happened in intestinal discomfort for three weeks, which I've always thought it was a viral thing. And you want to be sure when you get to be the old spot. They want to look in your back those looking your right all over the place and down your throat and in your stomach and all over. Okay. Well, I mean, hey, you know, you got to be safe. So I got to be cautious. I just think this is something I was wrong. I'm with you or something that just came up with the mental aspect. You say three or four weeks or whatever. Okay, whatever. We need you more than we need any Cuban talk show. I was so hang in there. Absolutely correct. And how wonderful we can. You too. Okay. Go Jacksonville. I'm sorry. See, I don't really care. I'm just tired of that. The neurotic repetitious crap and all these people trying to dilute themselves and the things being what they aren't. But again, that's a great shout out for the sportsman. Speaking of that, by the way, Michael Russo, who will according to Robert Grewtris, Mel's Worst in Josh Friedman. Do we believe that? I don't know. Oh yeah. Mark's as he does smell Worst in Josh. Okay. I can't. I'll be honest with you. I never smelled Josh Friedman. Thank God. He must be like, I'm the day when he plans and coming in here to see me. They must be the one day a month when he actually runs under the one side of the shower for like 10 seconds. You don't want to mess up this hair. He sees all these other grays. He's Jimmy and all the Pat Riley. He sees the guys with a good hair. You don't want to mess up this hair. You're also maybe somebody kicks maybe the shower like shuts off when he gets in like automatic reject. But Michael Russo who writes the hockey column in the Sun Sentinel and not the best in the world, but nevertheless, a big fact guy who smells Worst in Josh Friedman. But he did a good job. Nice going this morning. Michael Russo, he grew a little bit of a pair, which is unusual in this time, because generally speaking what you have in his town are people covering up for aneptitude. And you owe me, if you do a great job like Pavel and Ray Wittney, if you play Trevor Kid, I'll say hey, you're great. If you stick to join out like the Big Black guy named Peter, I'm going to say, you stick to join out your piece of crap. So he grades this is the halfway point, just before the all star game coming up. And just go into it anyway, by the way, David J. Neale and the Harold, whether pretty weak column, by the way, is usual. And Michael Russo just on the same day, both grading the teams at the halfway, the midseason report. Ryan Murray, general manager, he gets you an A. He's your doing okay. That's shumori sandwich, he's feeling better. He gets you an A. I think his speech actually improved a little bit too since I started. And the Terry Murray gets to be plus. The first now he's looking at an F, but he gets to be plus for his coaching job. And then you got Pavel's got an A plus. The only bone I would have to pick is Ray Wittney with an A. Where is the plus on the A, okay? Could Ray Wittney be playing possibly any better than he is? Oh no. Sign of my, it's great. But I guess if he could probably have a Rene plus, nobody else should get an A plus, obviously he is a cut-about. Yeah, it's the right to the world. Even though nobody's coming out to see him. Sean Burke, of course, dearly departed great seed this year. I would agree with that. Trevor Kim gets an A plus. But the honesty here in this thing, it's beautiful. Fill up Cuba, get to D. Oh, like Kavashir, get to D, which I think is a little bit generous to be honest with you. I give like maybe an F minus. But his, is he showing me anything? Oh, nothing. Well, it's not the court that he's in a minor leagues in a far way and probably don't read the Sun Sentinel. He gets an F. Oh, I feel vindicated or what? Now that somebody else found the admits it. He says he's not in any each other. Even in an over-expandedly, he doesn't have the speed or physical nature in the compete. He seemed to have his found his level in the A, H, L. Nice going, Mike Roestow. I don't care how bad you smell this day away. Oh, it's going. Mike Roestow not defense and D absolutely correct. He scares there a lot of me. He's weak. He is weak. We want Ray Worn or back. We're getting the back. Oh, no, bad trade. I say now A minus on Brian Murray that just came back to mind. Bad deal. And Peter, well, the big fan favor, because like I've told you for two years now, they like to have a big black guy in a team who goes out there. And allegedly is going to beat the crap out everybody else. The only problem is he doesn't even get into fights anymore. Does he? Oh, no. All he does is get stupid penalties and fall down a lot. That's all he does. That's his contribution to this team, taking up a spot on a roster that could be taken by somebody with some talent. You know, back in the days when I said Steve Sullivan, Lisa going to get rid of him, would you rather have Steve Sullivan or Peter Worell? I think then you had 20 other names. It says has not returned to old form after two sprayed knees had a tremendous training camp. It looked like he'd break through. And all the way starting to play better has not done enough to leave the fourth line consistently. That's generous. I say F minus. I'm going to my group. So it's refreshing now and then to see somebody writing a column in his paper or being on the radio doing a sports show. Who isn't just sucking ass because as you know, that's my biggest complaint with the so-called sports nerd. He's had a fact that almost nobody in his time understands sports hockey, especially is that you got a bunch of ass suckers. You know what I'm talking about? Asked doctors have always got their head very deep inside somebody's uh, back to parts. What's your hello to me? Here's my empty hello. Yes sir. And back to you. Come on for a lot of those. No, not an answer. He's a major asshole. He's an asshole. And by the way, a new book of Brian that the one about the crazy Cuban's a man. Yes, right. Cuban, man. Yeah. That's wonderful. It's coming. All right. Take care. Okay. Have a great day. Oh, I can see this is going to be a good day on these phones today. Are they sure to mature or what? Hey, Jackson Bellman. It's been dolphin today. Yeah. What about today? They're dead. That's all I got to talk about. That's all I know. One of those Charlie's in this town. These people wouldn't know Pavel Bury if he knocked on the door and delivered $100,000 in cash right now. They wouldn't have any idea who he was. Very sad. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Hiley. Hello. Want to know? Yes sir. Just an update on the dolphin graduating class. Spike Scott 5 years yesterday. Except the five years. A rocket facing 10 years. That was a nice wife doing by the way. She's doing fine. She's the cook in the prison. So they get to stay together. But right. Oh, okay. And don't call her. I'm erving by the way. Okay. That takes care of our calls for today. That's it. That's the end of the calls. I guess I could play music. So I want to clock sounds good to be in there. If you know how to come on and say, It's almost regular. Even asshole. Yeah. George warned me after Monday. He warned me that it was that way. And it's going to be, I guess. Josie Lambe in his insider column this morning has an interesting piece. The cases against 20 of the folks arrested by Broward Sheriff's deputies. While converting in two private wife's sloppy clubs. Maybe unraveling. How do you like that? Broward judge Jerry Coward on Wednesday. Found the testimony of the resting deputies. Isn't it up to convict one of the swangers whose cases before him. That a four-later day'll cop. Ray Hall. The jitter now. I could hear this part. The judge ordered prosecutors to come up with at least one civilian who was as offended by the acts as arresting deputies. This means a quiddle for Ray Hall and the other swangers said James Benjamin, whose firm represents several of the suspects. Good luck in finding somebody who didn't like what he or she was she was a sheen. Ron A. Shoye's motion for the state attorney's office didn't talk about the decision which comes just four days before Hall arrested. A club prep he's goes on trial. Fifty people were in the ab nearly a year ago. At two Broward swangers clubs on loodless charges. The cases of about 20 of them are winding their way through the system. Benjamin said the order may influence the other four judges with similar cases. How do you like that? The prosecutors had to come up with at least one civilian who was as offended by the acts as arresting deputies which is not only unlikely but is impossible because the people paid their way to go in there and they were seeing what they paid to go see and doing whatever it was and mine in their own business. So there's one piece of good news as a judge with a brain who evidently was not anybody's paywall. Here's Jupiter. Hello. Yeah. I listen to those little sokirings were excellent but I want to ask if something. I read an article that said that when we traded the war act they wanted all the revolutions. Yeah. The only was telling me that this morning I nearly fell on the floor wanted to cry. All the revolutions of total stiff and the idea and the war act you know granted he didn't finish a lot of these D.S. seven goals he was skating great. At least he's got some promise and added something. I mean I mean I say now back down to a B for B M back down to a B for an A to an A to an A minus nine to a B. And really. Thanks Neil. Okay. Okay. Sub to you folks. Maybe I'll just do one of those shows where I just rambles here for four hours today. You think that might be a good idea? I think these people got no material. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line, 877, 775, Neil, 877, 785, 775, 6345 on the other timeline. That's worth today. 1026 at QM if you're. We got a total big db in price. When the computer is writing B times from his backside, I've got a view shop for flashcards. The Moses saying Hi. This is a thatt thight My ihanie of the decide And our way we stand far feed. You will grant us our fans or we'll get angry. And we are too blacking traffic in the street. We know that Jesus is a good and strong, a good island. But we're the one who's worried, beautiful in our minds. ALI! The baby's in there. ALI! I I I! I need you to die! We, you guys, and fight for your big causes. On you with the news, we have those red flashing lights. I should die, I don't want to die. I'm not going to vote for the people who live. At least that's fathered or at the Miami-Dade County line. 1035-60WCMC. I hate to break those two Tomassovack a lot on other of his similar mind people. But the idea that the police are around there to clear intersections and keep the traffic moving. That may seem revolutionary, kind of productive to you, but you're an asshole. Okay? That's just the way it is. They did a good job. In the beginning they did a bad job because they let them take over that street. But they went out there and finally broke it up and cut the crap. And that was when they finally started emulating the Miami-Dade cops, the Metro cops, who had done a good job all day long. Tomassovack a lot or another disgrace, another political disgrace to South Florida. But again, like I said, so many times just right at all. Some sent another good editor of the dates as we know made the right move. US Attorney General, General Reno made a Solomon like this in the LN Gonzalez case. When she upheld the father's rights, but postponed the boys return to Cuba at the end of the day. She made the right decision. And it goes on to say in the last paragraph, and this is the bottom line of the whole deal. It will be best for alien. If the courts move as swiftly as the judicial process allows, once the final decision is reached, everyone needs to think about the best interest of the child and obey it. You got it? Tomassovack a lot of. And all of you other banana boat people and obey it and get it over with it and get on with their lives. Oh, it's going to sound sent. Consistently has made sense on this. Of course, the hero of this who busy going. And the. Pandering. Then we got this kid and see everything in this country has to do with race and ethnicity. Just like that John Rocker business. We have it in there. I don't want to play it. The John Rocker interview from ESPN. And I got to be honest because you know me. I'm a sucker for a good face. See, I never saw John Rocker with his baseball cap off before. I thought he was a big Yahoo. But I saw part of that interview yesterday. He was a big guy. He's a big guy. He's a big guy. He's a big guy. He's an asshole. He's a not just this. So what's wrong with that? Why can't you be obnoxious at this because think, especially if you look pretty good? Huh? I saw a man that's in the hall this morning. Coming to pick up his check after about six months. I said he wanted to think about John Rocker. He ever started. And that's it right there. So he's an asshole. He's big at it. He's got a right to be a big. Just keep your mouth shut, John. Okay. You'll be alright. Sweetheart. But now we got this child murderer or spirit life time and adult prison. The month that we're going to put in for our lifetime is 13 year old kid. We shot this other strange kid. Kid, he didn't even know what he was 11 years old. I mean, this kid's got an IQ. He owes points. Have you seen this kid? Little black kid. A defense attorney said he had to explain to the boy what had happened after the judge who this ruling sent him to juvenile court and he'd been released when he's 21. Overruling the jury. And the judge, I saw the tape last night on the news. The judge says to the kid, raise your right hand. And he lifts up his left hand. He doesn't know your right hand. Yeah. I mean, he's oblivious. He's just got a blank look on his face like he owes points. And then we got all these people running around naturally outside all these dark complexity. Oh, it's racist. It's this. It's that just like Jesse Jackson over there in God, they're in Illinois, the same crap. Everything is racial. Everything is bigger than the set of and so on. Sick of it. Sick of it. Here's Carl Spring. So long. Yes, sir. Yeah, just the Jackson's an asshole. So is that guy in that radio stupid guy too? Tomas Regalano. He's an asshole. That's the right guy. It's going around town. That's what we're hearing. It's a cool with an hour, man. Exactly. Well, that's a yeah. Oh, that was it. That was just. Well, I tell you, you've almost got any material today at all. Oh, no, nothing. Oh, you picked a good day to do the show. Mark, I'll tell you that. You don't have to be too busy. This is this is record breaking today. 5.670560. This is the day that Miami died. Maybe you could smell it. Either that or it's God damn Josh Friedman. Maybe brought my Crus away with him today. Why is it that so many fat people allegedly smell so bad? I'm fat. Why smell bad? Oh, I can totally before if you can't look good smell good. That's my model in life. At least always make sure you smell good. Splice them crap on in a morning. How cool. Does he smell bad? No, fat rich don't smell bad. Oh, huh? I know some fat people don't smell bad. I'm not saying I would have a right fat people. I guess poor hygiene must go hand in hand. You know what I'm saying? Maybe some of these people are afraid that if they are too close to that bar, so if they might drop it. And of course, talking about bending over, most of these people were talking about, can they bend over? Oh, no. Impossible. You don't have to worry about getting any sneak attacks because they can't put over in the first place. See all you slim people out there. I know you laughed at us and you make fun of us. But just one day before I croak before they put me in that box, I would like to look down in the shower and see my f***ing. I'll just look in straight down. Which after that good eyesight. I hope I've had time. My eyes are still as good as they are right now. Because it's kind of tough wearing glasses in the shower. Here's a mobile in the sound beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes? How you doing Neil? I'm doing OK. Do you want to seem to be a little off their feed? Well, great to have you back. I want to go see you at the inspection crew. Gave us a walk back. Yeah, you look great. And I do look great. I look beautiful. Yeah, I do look great. Yeah, I do look great. I look great. I look great. What is it? Tomas Maca, a lot of white hair. The room are easy. He's a big asshole. But I wanted to hear the most of the other guy, the one with the dark hair, the one that was wearing a suit when he got arrested. Marlon, foul, will fancy it. Ah, I mean, the other day he was like, speaking on the TV, like he's some kind of leader thing. I want to tell my people not to protest for now. It's like, who did he be? But then by wait for the signal. As soon as this smoke signal, it'll start to go off their own start. What an asshole. Another public service announcement, Neil. If you're ever in South Beach, don't ever eat at the restaurant called Maya, the one that's owned by Christina, the on channel 3, the blonde. Yeah. Ah, terrible. It's Mexican. But let me tell you something. It's like the portions are about as big as the thumbnail. Mm-hmm. About as big as my penis, yeah. There you go. Oh, thanks. Thank you. There you go. All right. Have a great life. And don't forget Tomas work a lot on. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18 and two. Well, all these people, I mean, well-intended, sending me all of this stuff about alien Gonzalez in about, you know, and save it. I'm not going to be just wasting facts paper. I must add 6,000 pages this morning easy. 45,000 pages of facts paper wasted. But people facts me all of this stuff about alien Gonzalez. Do I want to see it? No, we're tired of it. We're alien out. Do you understand? We're alien out. We're maxed out on alien. No, my, please. Poor favor. No, my, Tomas. You're a lot of the way. He's an ass. All right. Here's a mobile-fian plantation, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm saving this fool when you didn't have much going on. Nothing going on today, man. Yeah. When George was on one of the other days, I flipped over to, what's the guy on the sports guy on? 940, uh, the clone guy. Who? Um, I forgot his name. Oh, Jim Rom, you're talking about him. Yeah, Roman, Roman. And you have a chronic that, uh, every time he was on the air, I would call George to say, this guy's a chronic. Get him off. Yeah. And sure enough, he got on that show. It was like, it was unbelievable. I heard the guy in voice. It's just holy. Count. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. You know, like, you do realize there's only 100 people I call the sports shows. You do understand that it's the same 100 people. I don't know. I don't know. And it's a really good role. Me, homey, uh, whether it's a, it's the same 100 people over and over again. And, and it was, it was amazing. Billy the jet fans. The from Hollywood, which is Woody that I asked, oh, let's say, but to lose his over and over again. Because he got a gamblers. The G.A. crowd. He would call your show. And I know they would like changes name. Yeah. I'm going to say, oh, I just got a car to get him off. And he's finally recognized him. He kept him off. And when he got on Rome, Rome has his callers. They do this, this stick with a, with a, like, imitate him. And this guy did this whole thing. And I'm saying to myself, my Lord, don't people have any life at all. I'm going to leave a blow. No. No. Absolutely. And, uh, how about it for the patient lady who got her, who got her children, admitted, yeah, for 90 days? Or all week or nine. And they're not quoted Disney World. I don't think. And then I can know little puppy dog that they can hold up by the front legs and let it all its weight on the back. Somebody show Ali on how to hold that puppy before it gets, like, diarrhea. Is it is a Dan Burton going to be over there taking pictures of those kids when they park? Yeah, he's going to be over there sniffing it out. All right. Have a great day, pal. And by the way, how's Dan Burton's illogism at kids doing, huh? Anybody here yet? Five six, seven, oh, five, 60, five, five, 60. And see this is American. It's like that medical marijuana thing that poor guy would have MS, lying there in the bed and they wanted to throw his ass in jail because he's smoking medical weed. Hypocrates, hypocrites, hypocrites. Why can't anybody just come out and express true open honest feelings like, Oh, God. Wait, it is, okay. Why can't there be more people with balls? I just don't get it. 21 before 11 at five, 60, W. Two of us. Only one South Florida radio station has. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Join the same thing to it. Go bird, weekday of the news at 2. Sports radio, five, 60, q, a, f. Take away like men and they look like women. If you haven't been watching the new Hit Show action on the face network here is what you've been missing. No back there, here is my apartment. All of the foul line words that get edited out of network television is here on the station that's happening at work and fast. Oh, yes! It's that! It's all. You've been wasting your time watching prime time shows that don't say Fucking you're a total fucking Watch your calendar and watch the face network hit show action everyone's day for the rest of your life Or at least until it gets canceled next week, okay jerky and don't miss two new shows coming to the face network It's the premiere of Q and don't Here show Pent 43 at five 60 WQM a mayor speaking of people being upset and thin skin Franklin Virginia mayor who did not make it in remark that insulted blacks has reported in the Washington Post Now has been criticized for disparaging the articles author where they were mark about his religion Oh, Mayor James council who's white was quoted on December 25th sounds like Christmas day to me is what it sounds like Uh-huh in the newspaper saying it's not that we don't like to live next door to the blacks It's just that people don't like to see the junk in the arts What's wrong with that? It's not that we don't want to live next door to Haitians We just don't like seeing all the diaper boxes on the front lawn is there anything wrong with that? Oh, it's just a true statement. You see Council denied making that comment however he admitted saying of the reporter in the story published on Tuesday by the Richmond Times dispatch He's Jewish he doesn't care about Christmas and he ruined a lot of people's Christmas is in Franklin the anti-deformation League or very very hyper about stuff like that wrote to council that complain about the blatantly insensitive and offensive comment in the Richmond newspaper Council apologized while continuing to disavail the early remark about those sources is what he said Now just just examine that it's not that we don't like to live next to the blacks It's just that people don't like to see the junk in the arts. You could say the same thing about white trash about red mix But I'll then pick up trucks in the driveway Not all them old burnt out the cars in the goddamn on the lawn Could say the same thing right behind but get upset about that of course not How come you can't say anything about certain minority groups and by the way They're gonna be really pissed when they hear about this In both newspapers today, based the ray majority of gay AIDS cases are Hispanic and black The study by the Center for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta found that black and Hispanic man accounted for 52% of the AIDS cases attributed to sexual Other men in 1998 the first time that minority gay men about paste whites They're busy nine years ago white men were by far the majority in that category cutting for about 70% of AIDS cases The trend is particularly acute in Miami-Dade County where black and Hispanic men made up 65% of the AIDS cases from day sex in 1995 percent two turns you turn like that That percentage is made for a constant in the past decade something health workers attribute at least in part of the erase large Hispanic community in fact they'd ranked third in the nation for having the highest number of gay Hispanic men with AIDS behind Los Angeles and New York The study also noted another troubling part of the trend minority men were more likely than whites to contract the disease in their teens I think that's the most interesting part of this bears out when I've been telling you for years even though so many of you are in denial Just like George you don't want to hear it the way it is although whoever wrote this story Karen were finicky I hate to break the news to you Karen's you because you're dealing in that just like George lives in that strange world of Head of a sexual and homosexual and nothing in between is that the way the real war works? No, no, especially when you deal with a Hispanics and be lots of other Europeans but his panic especially And I think it's kind of like a backlash with a tremendous macho that that that his theory The study found that black and Hispanic men were less likely than white men to identify themselves as gay Researchers believe this is due to a stronger stigma in those communities about homosexuality That bias contributes to the spread of the disease to women since wives and girlfriends may be unaware that their partners also sleep with men Hey sounds like something that oh God has been telling us for years And it also complicates prevention efforts because the closet makes it harder for help to work as to find men at risk If you went into a way Latino gay bar and turned on the lights. You find lots of husbands in there Dr. Alberto Evan Dono director of HIV services for the Department of Family Medicine and New Avm who said many Hispanics still think of AIDS as a gay white man's disease That doesn't affect them If you went into a Latino gay bar and turned on the lights The married men and lots of people we probably know I wouldn't be surprised that even some people in Othomas Regalotto He's an ass like being at bar. How do you like that? In some Latino gay bar maybe we'll find out the names of some Latino gay bars Maybe we'll go on do some research huh? Maybe we'll sense about our crack reporters out there with a flashlight and a note pad Big real sense. But we'll send Josh Friedman out there when he's got a little little recorder since he did such a great job on those tomos for this show By the way not only are you fat not only do you smell bad Josh Friedman but you're totally inept You know about a month ago I said I said to our program director in between Clion Jackson say to our program director why don't you like do something even on Waffen? Which I've only listened to three times in my life and nobody else has ever listened to they can't even fight it on their radio And they got promos on there. Hi. This is Linda Maudi when I'm not the kicking it. I'm listening to the fan whatever you do You know like that and here we are we got the dolphins. We got the panties We got the goddamn Marlins unfortunately and we do an extra oh no That's how we're sending a real radio station that doesn't want to continue sounding stay a little old and boring You know what I'm talking about? Yeah, it's spice it up a little bit as long as we're glamorizing and covering up and chilling for a lot of these come back They might as well do some stuff for us. It's called tit for tat. That's what it's called can I say that? Oh, can I say that? And so I wait is how did Josh Friedman get the assignment by the way? Duff how did you give it to that fat smelly piece of turd? So he goes out there I ask him the night that the Leafs were here by the way the Leafs won at game 64 that night Remember that great night and I says you know my good buddy Joe Bona does leave games the greatest hockey broadcast You're in history Joe Bona in the here in you go. I think they love me. I said go on up there and give me some promos because we've already got the ones in here You know The ones that have been playing for a hundred years like this is your born a voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs They don't come any better than Neil Rogers stuff like that. That's great stuff So he goes up there and he's all proud and decided he brings back the tape How the story do you can't hear a guy dancing Very well you know Nice call and Josh You give a big fat tub of turd and a very simple assignment that a grade school child could do. Can you do it right? No no brings back a piece of crap So all but don't worry about that. I'm sorry. It was I wasn't watching the levels under the court But I'm gonna get the players he goes on to the players who does he get He gets robbing need a mark. Do I want a problem of a robbing need a mark? Oh no anybody remember him Both by the way Mike Russo was generous he gave him the seat See as in the scene aisle. I know what that stands for see is and can't play can't get it done Robby Ravi next year. I think he's gonna be the breakthrough or somewhere else we hope we pray. Yeah next year And then the good one mark Paris that was okay. Marcego and Katie kind of vanishes for a few games at the time like the other night But nevertheless he's a good kid. He's gonna be good player, but and that's it and that was that was the end of that assignment That's right ended. Do we ever get any more? Oh? No I mean you talk about a bunch of lazy slabs who sit around and what they call the bullpaint in this place because it's a See it's a like George's it's a sports bar with a microphone so we got a room they call the bullpen Yeah, that's where they spread the bush mint in the bullpen. They sling it Bush mint and they sit around in there and they eat all the they don't even eat the good stuff They eat the remnants of whatever free food is left over from the distale don'tots the stale breakfast stuff That was sitting there yesterday. I saw a winy in there talk about gagging talk about choking on something Look like it was from 20 centuries ago. Look like it was from the natural museum of science in New York So even the bullpen they would need that thing they wouldn't stuff it in their post I mean how about getting somebody's people we got 80 million of these sports wannabes running around his place How about getting someone off their ass? Duff and they're getting them out there to do something so would like spice up the way the station sounds You know make a sound like we're really out there putting on an act to try to do something like has to do with radio As opposed to the usual Greg we just give me the money as opposed to just Jimmy and Danny yeah that crap nonstop God can we get it done? No Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello How are you doing pal pretty good pretty good man first I want to just just touch on that down that Cuban thing touch away I'm likely to moss wreck a lot of I just heard a new abotten He's an asshole. Yeah, I would agree. He's so one track you know all those people that are out there and it's just one track Mine he's out there interfering with police or he's exactly tackling the cop out there He's a widened interfere. I didn't do not It's ridiculous and I'm you know my parents are both from Cuba and they don't feel this way and I need to do I stuff besides that the the fancers How many no shows were there the other night a ton of them over I would say four five thousand They said Okay, are you still there? Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's the fuel and phone system. Oh that's good Oh Hey, I'm sorry. They were about four five thousand oh show Well, I think the fact is you know they moved when they moved the team I get they think everybody would you start to gain? Yes, and they are That all be on thin that building what is this that's the on-be on thin ability is just kind of weak We you know we can't I it's more like a crowd like it doesn't really They don't hear they're not here. Great they probably got let you go your phone is just that that line Hey listen, I screw in air Greg you really got this thing go I can see they're working overtime getting this phone all straight out. All right. Thank you Greg read when he shakes your hand it looks you in the eye and tells you something you know it's a bunch of bullshit Make no mistake about that In fact if you look at bullshit artists in the dictionary, there's Greg read picture next to it They should have the FBI should have taken him out of here in handcuffs. That's got shorts at least he's a good guy And doesn't tell us many stories Yeah, there's there you how can you complain about the obvious on the first of all you got 9 or 10,000 people in a building that's each 19,000 and number two Half of them like the people sitting behind me are talking crap which has nothing to do with the game and then you got those right Put him down put him on the boards put him on the boards. I'm I have never that was like I said the other day the all-time worst I've been the I'd say 90% of the home games whenever I'm in town on there Have send the two years they've been that building that was the all-time worst even go back to the older arena There was everything that came close to the bunch of losers that we had in there the other night And then like I said here's the thing with Michael Russo. He's got a pretty honest analization there in a paper and is there any commentary about it? Is there any conversation? Oh, does anybody care does anybody understand? Oh, like the guy yesterday is talking to me about any shack and then he lits in burger and Shocked plenther he stalked up and a lot of other Tim Horton dead players that that's the idea of hockey talking is time Talk about a bunch of guys that play 20 30 years ago, which I know who they all are I can relate to it, but does anybody care? Oh anybody know who they are? Oh anybody in the right mind want to hear about it including me? No, my favorite player of all time was Johnny Bauer okay who had 42 career shut out just ask him. Oh, tell you But does anybody want to hear about Johnny Bauer? Oh, Hank Bauer pop a bowler Ed Bauer no Michelle Bauer. Oh, maybe By the way Michelle's out, but she's having bad dreams and anyway 560 560 560 on the age season C. Wireless line. Oh God We've got to have a search party in the town you picked the topic in fact what we ought to do is just put a bunch of topics in a hat every day and pick a topic out of it No matter what it is and then just get a search party and scour this community to find anybody who might be able to say anything about it except That God, it is tough. How's that line seven doing by the way? Is that thing okay? Okay, just uh oh I didn't like the sound in there Yeah, like it. Yeah, welcome to a great studio here Mark see they got the good stuff over there. What do we get we get clap? We get Peter on a dull-the-rated bushman is what we get in here But in this studio almost a year. I keep very simple thing Greg give us a phone system and we're sweet hard Oh, there's a phone system that's off then we'll leave you alone. I won't ask you for anything else Forget about the voice letter anything that would have to do it like a real radio station making it We'll have it just give us a phone system that might work you freaking lying piece of turn you will you do it? No, no He won't do it because it's the one of these things they just refuse to do it. They won't get off the dot goddamn time They won't do it. Oh, I do like that chano I might just do that for one o'clock. In fact when I'm after I get out of here from one to two we're just gonna we're just gonna do that Okay, we'll still get like a 10-year Absolutely positive to believe what are those tickets? Are those tickets? We're giving away what no? These are tickets of the for the flyer game one Monday. They've been dying decisions from a flyer fan Oh, those are for you. Yes, oh, and I won't be here because I'm not gonna back to leave right if noon and all my luck Okay, they played that game on three o'clock on Monday. Why are they doing that? Just to piss me off. I guess what is it? No, huh? That's what they're doing just to frost my ass You see that'll be interesting because this great is the path has been playing I just want to caution you the one thing when they play the good teams to make beliefs the flyers seem like that Do they win? No, no I just make you that impassing not that I'm not ecstatic about the way that they're playing and all the other good stuff, but let's let's not get carried away 1056 at 560 WQM QAN drops the green flag with motorsport senators Jack warning six with chocastelo right here on sports radio 560 QA They ran from the big tattoo with man who conquer their island home With three of the sights were a will-teed view with the rest of the take-a phone or build a rap and flow I'm going to talk to you guys with me getting it up Have you think the Bay of Pizza Tri and the Air Force didn't show up? They flowed into my LVN changed seems good play Our clock at 560 WQM we got Boost Xavier two hangs out of their way to Jackson building a square by 50 plank hose cops out there are speeding up the turn pack. They're on a way to Jacksonville for the game. At the five we got Jimmy we got a shot to be special ought to be shot so and then we got the Kelly on Game Night. Her Coans in the Panthers tonight at 7.05 from the Intercenter. Am I going to be there? No. No. Effective I would have been thick and straight able to broaden those tickets and give it away today. In fact, I could have given you my firecheat which we were lumped in a much you probably got but nevertheless. Next time. 560 560, pump 560 on the AT&T, we're talking old time hockey here today. I'm going to ride your show. Are we talking about? Fordome said, Bob Pulfur, let's go. Dave key on your darmstaur. Oh no. Here's a lady in high allia. Hello. Hi there. Ron Stewart. Yes, man. Yeah, Neil. Jerry Eamon. Yes. Here's. Oh, I just want to tell you. I'm sorry Doug Harvey. Hello. Did you think that it might be a good idea that Rick a lot of the national at the rate that he got a gas. He's an asshole. Yeah. But you know, it's a bigger one. Super duper. Yeah. Yeah. The drugs. Percy, a pun de Rosa. Did you read him today? About what? No, I didn't read him. He told the family the uncle that if the I had come to get him, we are not going to surrender him. Just say no. Somebody said just say no. I can't always confuse him with Nancy Reagan. You listen a little like you're specific. I'm going to read the address. I'll wait a second. I'll wait a second. Surprise. If he's one of those American guys in one of those Latin D bars. He's a strange man. Including me you're up in the pecania. By the way, wouldn't be it was at all shocked to see him. You cannot talk about a highly arrested and like it. Yeah. Come on you. Okay. Have a good day and hand back to you. Good day. 560 50 50 560 on the 18 T where I was one. There would be a good idea for all you married the Hispanic guys out there. They're in the closet. Come out on the air to what's today. Okay. We'll use the voice letter if we had one. Hey, you guys also on the same anyway to the rest of us. Here's the Del Rey Beach. Hello. Okay. I love you Michelle. I want to just play. This is just figuring out the right beach. Can I play if you're great? Yeah, but it's going to be on delay. No, no, I want you to hear. Listen. Okay. All right. There you go. Excellent. I love this show. A little bit of wind and we don't get you there. Can I stand and hope a little bit of show? No. Although the way the phones are going to be probably could use that line 560 50 50 I was lying 7 to them by the way. Just checking on it. Start sound like it's going to be working. I'll wear you notice I still can't win because it's going to be a problem. There you go. Of course, the office running around. We go through the same exercise every couple of weeks. He runs up and down the hall and runs around and circles in there. Goes in the office and there has a breakdown. It's the same crap over and over and over again. Never stops. I just don't understand. If I'm running a multi million dollar radio station, if I'm the head cheese, the big hot shot, if I'm gonna go out. I don't want to say because it's a quiet period. You know, expect people to give me tangible support of any kind. I'm not going to put for some kind of a turn product like this guy. Like Reg Reed. But he just doesn't care. How can you have any pride, but you don't understand what it's related to? Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I was a girl and man. I got the solution to the whole queue in problem. I say the doffers win. Then we keep them. Okay. 560 50 50 60. Okay. All your Cubans get your media no cheese and fly a bearers out because I think the chance of your stay in our mighty slim after that. Okay. Because if the Jaguar's win, we may have a mass exit this year on Monday. In fact, if the Jaguar's win, we have a mass exit this Sunday. Based on what I'm here on these talk. Oh, God. It calls on this station. People with delusional rate and you know something even if they do win, which is possible. Because you've got basically about 20 girls teams in that league. Like about 28 girls teams. It still doesn't mean a goddamn thing. But it makes you feel better about yourself in that right on. That's right. We didn't. We didn't. The same people that you were ripping the crap out of week after week after week after week. They said they stopped. They choked. They blow. And now all of a sudden we got a shot. We us. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. When is the hour? We don't respect. I really I little few are show a lot a couple times and I really a couple times or a lot. No, I don't know why. I don't know why. I don't know why. I respect you. I respect your your listeners. And we'd always respect. I would like. I would like to offend anybody. I was one of Cuba. I can't do it. 21. I was nine. I'd like to be in base here. I'm 28 right now. And I really sometimes write. I really feel. I don't know. I feel bad when I see people calling their criticizing our cubans. I don't know. I don't know. Sir, sir. Let me slow you down. Okay. Let me say it again. The poor let channel tended that they had on the Michael Putney Show last Sunday, which I've talked about several times this week. 68% of the Cubans agreed with everybody else and said that they opposed the protest and the blocking of the streets and this slowing down. This isn't a Cuban against Anglo issue. This is a people with common sense against hysterical people issue. That's what it is. It's a law-abiding people against the hysterical we don't care about anybody else people. That's what the issue is. Exactly. When we go out through the street and we protect. I mean, we don't do it in the manner that we destroy. They're all the communities in this country. Sir, I don't want to hear about the law. Sir, we don't live. We don't live in other communities. We don't live in Seattle. We don't live in Watts. We don't live in all those other places. We live here. And when we get in our car here and we're going from point A to B, we have a right to expect that we can drive on the road without a much as we mean. I get a much of what I have to say. I mean, I'm calling on listening to that. I'm not. There he goes. I would listen to everything you had to say. Sir, now line eight is a working. See, this goes on all the time. I see here screaming at you on how come the phones are bringing away. I think the ought to be. And I find out that about two thirds and sometimes one of the guy at the end lines are working. And this is the beasley mead idea of somebody coming in this studio and trying to do a guy at the end talk show. Line seven screwed up line. Once been out for days line eight now just and it wasn't me pal. I'm willing to listen to what you say. If you call me back on the line, I never put anybody back a second time, but I'll put you back on if we can get you on a line that works. But I can't have you on a phone line with me. I like that and I can't do a show like that. This play. I'm going to say I tell you one thing. This place needs right now. Okay, this place needs I hate to say because he's a nice guy. This place needs a real honest to God engineer, a radio engineer who knows something about what he's doing. I hate to say that because he's a good guy at his God. We got what you see him over once every six months and they keep him real busy and that's always the excuse. But somewhere along the line, they have to have somebody. Somebody in his community who knows how to put together a studio that works. A talk show without a phone system that works. And you wonder why did three weeks with those phone calls, there were people give me crap we're doing it. Forget what it was about was good batter and different at least. So one thing I didn't have to put up with that crap every day. Can you just move over to eight now a little bit, huh? He starts out okay. This is a very good place. You can start out like a music processor. Let's have your spirits. I'm never going to spell this. I'm not going to do this. I'm never going to spell this. This is one question incredibly often. Lazy damn white Lily asked. This is what it takes. Piece of turd. See, and I know he lasts so long and I didn't think this guy's. But of course you can fire it up again because he just press it up again. And it makes the connection once again. It starts with the same guy that thing. Which alert us in about five seconds. Huh? Is it going to do the same thing again? You think? Yeah, I think so. Here we go. Oh god. I think I'm going to have a relapse. You know, after three weeks to be in sick as a dog, mentioned several days of work which I very rarely do. A lot of stuff from my 40 weeks of vacation. And you come in here when feeling great, you feel like life is still worth living. Like you might live another five or six weeks or something like that. And you come in here. This is what you're up against again. And it's just neurotic repetition. It's the same thing. And here's the front and the one opening up the door. And by the way, by the boat. Not that he can do anything about it. Can he do anything? Of course not. Oh, and then here's the Greg Registra. They missed her hot shot. Oh, I just hope the group talks to George Corso. Well, whatever you talk to George Corso about if you tracked him down, it must not have gotten the job done Greg because it's still a piece of shmit. We still can't put calls on here. Make a goddamn show here out of your craft. How these two pieces of turd you got here calling a phone system. I'd like to get a ball-peeing hammer and physically break this piece of this getting her piece of garbage I got him. I would like to just smash it to smithereens right here on the ear. Make me feel better. We'll make it work any better, but make me feel better. Month after month, year after year, it's like our construction project that are in the third floor. Five months, Maple Leaf Gardens, they built it from nothing from scratch to completion in 1932, 68 years ago. When they had technology from the Stone Age and they still built a magnificent facility, five months. We got a project going on over here on the third floor. Unbelievable. The Empire, we could not the Empire State Building down and the World Trade Center and reconstruct them in a shorter period of time than what they're doing on the third floor, because it's the one a beastly way, because they don't pay their goddamn bills, because everything is on the payers' ego system, because they got no credit, because they're a bunch of deadbeats, because they don't want to give you anything with quality. Everything is slot, it's radio-slot, because Gregory is more worried about different juxtapes than I'm putting together a real goddamn radio station here. Why are you asking? The way I move around when I go to, I call it the Mambo Movement, the Mambo Tool. I'm the toiletsy night swing and sway, to the Mambo Beach, the radio play, but knowing I'm a load and I also lose the jug and one of these, I got to prove, because it'll be the days, but it's all I need. So I can make my hiding, nice and neat. I don't have the foreshad, it's good to roll when I move inside the side, not the toilet so I never have the spray, it's not loud holes, it looks a little like a zero, I sway to the left, sway to the line, one thing you should get to tell you why, not only are you burning calories, but never ever get a big red ring. That's why, be track guys, you see exercise, it has a fun, when they move the Mambo Movement up or two. Hey, let me out, let me out, let me out, let me out. Come on, you're just doing the wheeling, he's got up and pop it. Get it, get it, get it, get it. Okay, okay, now, get out. It's 150 to 550 WCM, we got the army goes back on, I'm sorry about that, but our phone just screwed up. Okay, okay, what I will say, me, I want to be quick, because I want to have a little listeners from calling you, I just want to be quick. When we, when we, Q was go out and protect because of any problem, there's going on with Q, we're relating with Q, we go out and at the matter, and we don't destroy, we don't burn, we don't hurt anybody, we don't do anything in a negative sign. Yeah, most of the time that we go out and protect, we do it in the A street, we do it in the Aarge, but we are tired, people are not listening to us, we are tired, oh well, what do you mean people are not listening to you? I don't know what you're talking about back then. Back when you had the Coast Guard episode, there were the, with the pepper spray, people paid attention to that, you see the way a lot of other people look at it is, the people that go out there and protest, at least some of them, are like a bunch of spoiled children, every time they don't like whatever's going on, they think that they're going to go in there and disrupt everybody else's life, so they can get their way. Sure, the bottom line is that Cubans and Puerto Ricans and Americans, and everybody, you can't always get your way, it doesn't always work that way. The last thing, I don't want to say that, what I'm saying, I don't understand, I understand, I understand competing, and blocking the traffic and threatening the block, the airport, and certainly the airport's got nothing to do with your grievance. All that there's been a, his people off, that doesn't accomplish anything. I understand, maybe, maybe you have, maybe you're, maybe you're saying it's true, maybe what you're saying is, I know what I'm saying is true, how does that, and any of your causes, it be transparent? I mean, people have to think also that, we've been in this country for the past 40 years. Yeah, and actually when you're going to get with it, I think we have been positive to this community, to this Miami. Yeah, but now when you do think like that, not when you do, whatever, whatever, it's like taking one step forward and 10 steps backward. And in reality, Neil, when all the communities go out on protest, I'm not going to mention any names, I'm not going to mention any community in particular, they have a lot of faith in, they destroy their whole city, they do a lot of, a lot of my, you want to engage in a piss and contest. No, no, I mean, anybody, we disrupt your lives, less than other people disrupt your life. The fact is, nobody wants to have his life disrupted when he's got nothing to do with your grievance. And in addition to which, the fact is, if it's, all the Cubans were, has been out of shape about little Aliyaan, as you've seen this agenda, they are, there wouldn't have just been a couple hundred over here in 50 over there in 12 and high Aliya. There wouldn't have been thousands of people out there protesting. And now people would have gotten the message, you don't have to block off traffic. But the fact is, they're only the same eight or 900 people overcome over and over again. They're a dollar to, how can say, Seventy percent, eighty percent of the ih exit against thean little boy, back to Cuba? But that's a dominion figure but 68 percent of them are against the, the disruptions and the civil disobedience in what channel, channel 10 Michael Cuthney call up channel 10 if you don't believe me I'm asking the last question you what did you think of a what the little boy said you said I won't go by forever great day sir. I'm sure I put you back on I'm for I'm very sure I put you back on what do I think about the little boy said and don't forget noon today his first fight on American Surrell channel 10 will have the sound of it the aroma of the greatest amount of great from eight to six and what does it mean of course we'll have 25 people interpret what it means what do I think of what he said you know what he said yeah and in addition to what sir I don't really know what he said because I had three years of high school Spanish I do know what you'll get a mean and you wouldn't start a statement by saying you'll get all I don't want by saying I want but nevertheless nobody really knows what he said but how come those people in the backyard with him are all going oh no no no no like that reading some great social significance into some audiences of some little six-year-old boy who's out there playing in a backyard with a friend I mean you got to stop this year you got to stop suggesting it's just like Dan Burton issuing a subpoena for this kid come to test the five before Congress so we can say little little little whatever he's going to say give me a break why did I put him back am I crazy or what yeah I'm not fine I must be you're getting John Henry disease five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 and T wireless line we got a couple of lines working today not too many we don't want overdo it you understand what I'm saying we don't want overdo it I was lying eight coming along huh this is good because it just you can show some good time just check it live you get that sounds like on the internet and then you realize that anybody could you put them on their first place because they're gonna go all the time with the first time all of a sudden you get it and then of course if you don't like the sound of lying eight let's try lying so there you go see it just a little it's a little why two k delay is what it is only the 14th of January was just a two week delay until a while to k crap released stuck its weird it's only had it's only a back to it's already rear yeah oh god I'm telling it did you talk about a handy crap it's a miracle we got any numbers on this station to miracle anybody could possibly listen to sure every day because about 80% of what we go through here is technical crap god thanks a lot Greg I hope you're feeling better hope that hole in your head heels up some years soon here's a mobile in highly hello hello Neil yes sir I'm doing great can't you tell yeah I can tell you your father may man I got my health back if you don't have your health you don't have squad I got a big fat paycheck you they my health though all my tests came out great that's all I care about these people are barbarians anyway let them move their souls you know here's your rock I miss you when I can't get you on the FM when I can't get you up there in Orlando but Neil think about the two and people and how aggressive and how antagonistic and how ready they are to fight at the drop of a hat oh oh what does that mean all the people get out of here go back to Orlando okay go back to Disney world with alien in fact stay away from him the Cuban people they they are see I keep trying to tell you people I've been telling you for a hundred years now as long as you want to keep putting labels on your forehead and putting stupid little flags on your rearview mirrors oh I'm a human I'm a part of weekend I'm a friend chef frog and I am an FM frog yeah that's right oh we're let's be talking about an up at three's breeze while I think of Denise Pothany was talking about a dumb FM frog see Patrick when he called him an FM frog we knew it was just breeze walks but if you were to say a dumb FM frog that would have been Denise Pothany make no mistake about that and you know Denise he got the message I feel really really he knew he was talking about him because if you look up dumb FM frog in the dictionary you'll see Denise is picture right next to me yeah and you are here's a mobile and for a lot of day hello yes you're one of the I'm glad everything went well with your operation you got your help back and that's great question for you haven't been listening to religiously as I'd like why they all not well mainly because of your technical problems I do try to call in several times and have so many problems in and I you know I do have but I don't know what I mean in other words you're not going to listen to you can't get through on a phone because ninety-nine percent of the people say they never call now I do I just have been traveling since I've been for first of the year and now I'm back so I don't I won't have any problems but it's all too bad again man we can't I won't have any audience with all the promotion we get here you got it my question is and then I have a couple comments real quick what is your new year's resolution I haven't heard I have my new year's resolution yes sir what does that mean oh what what is your resolution is that something that will work for a real radio company but I doubt it because this is my last gig so I think that's the like most of the year's resolutions going away at the wind well I I wanted to let you know my new year's resolution them I was fortunate enough for a question sir yes sir what is your new year's resolution I'm gonna tell you okay I'll pretend that I care because I really don't but go ahead well I want to explain to you I get my point real quick what do you want my new year's resolution is I wanted to give my father now that I'm getting older something back for all the things he's given me yes I feel the same way yeah yesterday was a great opportunity wherever I wasn't able to call in before 12 30 and I wasn't able to get to pick it so my request for you if you can do this for me is can you please play the dolphin fights on for my father no five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wheeler's line come on don't be such a hard ass you know just a little bit just like a little loader two would be good it's not under dolphins anything with under Miami dolphins huh remember the how is it that's it that's enough five six seven come on we got a couple lines working here let's get those things lined up let's let's lit up lit up eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five any other timeline I get you know something I think we're just gonna make a show out of this you know it's like it's like the macarine what they do the thing with the puck where they got the thing on the screen there it's really content and you got to follow the puck in which one is it under and like the show of shell game you know like they do on a price is right they do that once in a while with the shell game I think we'll do the same thing we'll have people call it and let us know which line is working that day you know I guess which number it is I guarantee in the history of radio in the history of this business going back to my coney there has never been a technical incompetence to the green at this place it's in a league of its own it's in a class by itself is there any place close now has anybody in their worst radio nightmares ever dreamed that they could work in a place like this that's oh yeah and the best part of it is no matter how much they shake their head and scratch their head and walk around at OG we're gonna do some do they do anything no they keep standard at do something but do they do it no no god enough to make me want to take along a holiday weekend from Martin Luther Crune birthday this is five sixty two a.m. the Neil Rogers show sports radio five sixty two a.m. I'm not the token and the fall is so quiet for with the rabbits we've tonight I think why don't I get the time to be me for my son is where the my hand is steady I've got him in my side don't want to kill him just want to do it I hope he's nice and tight as I we know it I we know it I we know it I we know it I we know it I we know it I wake I we know it I we wait I play me I I I'm going to be on the way. Are we moving? Are we moving? Are we moving? Are we moving? Are we moving? That's what I call a splitting hairs. It's a lot of 30 to 560WK. I got the booster coming along at 2. Because it's a Jacksonville ballad. I want to be on the way to Jacksonville? No, for any reason. No, no thanks. The new ballad should have been penis-intensive here today. I'll tell you that. Circumst rising newborns offer practically no medical benefit because it's virtually no harm according to when this study. It tries to quantify the risks. Researchers have found that infants will undergo the procedure. Only a one in 476 chance of complications. Circumstages talk to prevent urinary tract infections in Pinaul cancer. But the researchers found that for every complication from circumcision, only a six urinary tract infections are prevented. And for every two complications only one case of Pinaul cancer is prevented. Today about 65% of boys are circumcised in the United States. The only industrialized nation, or just over a team. How can that be right? Is real when they are mostly, or going to barbarians, I'm sorry. They're a bunch of desert fleas. Not seriously. The only industrialized nation worth still routine. So there you go. And of course there's also the usual thing in here. The study was prompted by instrumental American Academy of Pediatrics and Altsman last year that it no longer recommended routine circumcision because of questionable benefits and medical and anecdotal evidence that circumcised men have less Pinaul sensitivity. God damn it. Christ. 5605060 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. And we got a couple lines working. Here's Boit and Be. Boit and Be. Yes sir. Okay. There he goes. Let's try Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hi. Yes it is. I'm calling to express my opinion on the, of this Cuban, with the Elias. Oh. Oh. Have you, have you? I'm in the on to death man. I'm alienated. I'm alienating myself. Just let me in this call. I'm going to. I'm not, I'm a native of this community, but I live in California for 10 years and I've been back here three years. And the only reason I moved back is because my mother was ill and I regret moving back today. No I don't buy it. But anyway, I don't know if you've been watching the news this morning. NBC 6 was showing that commissioner Regalado is charging the police to popular using the. Yes, yes. Yes. You're going to. Come on. Come on. You're going to. Well, you see, charge the police. The part of what you're using, this is what's with the, with the Cuban that we're out. Protests and that industry, you know, I mean, making this a big circus when we're not the politician of this town, I'm going to stop panthering to this community. When they don't get their way, they want to take it to the streets. They want to, I mean, they want to fish for everybody's lives. It did. We got to stop. It's not going to stop. It's not going to stop. It's never going to stop. You have you have Penelas and and and and and Jerka where you're going to Washington on, on. On, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on, on. I'm going to spend a lot of money by the way that covered their trip local. I don't know. I'm going to spend money by the way that covered their trip local. I don't know. You panicked through this community over and over again at time at time again. This is, this is, this is not a mirror for date. This is a mirror for the human community. That's right. You know, be a mirror for all the people. I have a mirror for one. Have you looked on a map and seen the National Republic of North Cuba. I mean, there is that. The county is a foreign country. Everybody knows that. Everybody knows that. I have I have friends with a living California. They think they count it. So the laugh at the stock of the United States. And it is they is if this is the laugh and stock of the United States. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. Don't unpack, please. All right. Thank you. You don't know the first playing. Get out of this subbar bearerate place. I always do five six seven. Five six. Five six. Five six. Why would you want to do a show from someplace else? You know, why is he such a hard answer? Isn't this great here? No. Got the macarina. He's on elbow room. Got plenty of empty seats. A lot of people described as empty green seats. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Okay. Neil. Yes, sir. You know what I got to tell you. I started listening to your show about two weeks ago. And it's been a little dinner. Janey thing. I've been about 12 to 15 hours a day in the truck. Right. And I love listening to you. But I got to say that. You know, I thought that you were going to talk about this two thing anymore. I'm not. And then there's a lesson. I got to say, I'm in Miami for like the photos kick up all last week. And this whole two thing. But you're talking about the Cuban thing now, see? I just want. Okay. You know what? Go ahead. I have a chair. Talk about whatever you want. I don't care. I don't really find anybody. No one can do anything really. I was in Belgium. Miami. On and off. With the whole week. Nobody was broke. I didn't know Andrew thrown no fire. Yeah. But I just want to tell you that I love your show. It makes my day go by so fast. And I wish it was on more. I love sports too. But I'm just going to hear about how much being here. Jimmy and Danny and Danny and Jenny and Jenny are over in the arms. It means with every day we see you. I get a good laugh. Okay. I'll see you in the little event. I'll see you in the little event. I'll see you in the talk. I'll see you in the talk. Well, that's nice. 560 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I mean seriously. You know, and he's right. How many ways can that dissect the same frog Denise? How many ways can that dissect it? Patrice and Denise? I wonder if they're kin by the way. Patrice and Denise. Uh huh. Probably probably came off the same banana. Probably smell the same. Wouldn't surprise me at all. That's going to be our poll question on Tuesday. I won't be here on Monday. George will be here Monday because it's Martin Luther Cundee. But on Tuesday our poll question is going to be who smells worse. Josh Friedman or Denise Pottham. But that's going to be tough. That's going to be nippin' tuck. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. See you. Listen. Now I'm a first time caller. And I've got some old news and some new news. The news is I try to call your landline and try to ask them what the AT&T mobile line number was. Are landline? Yeah, you're 6536796 number. What is that? Administration number. Oh, you're in the phone book. After what they don't know about why you're asking it now. What do they do? They even know what this show was on the air. Are you kidding? That's about right. Now the second thing is it's kind of new information. I've got my butt frosted on something here. I've been going around to the different banks making some checkcashing and on the banks and the front they're telling me that Monday is Martin Luther King's birthday. That's why they're closed. Yes. Neil. Monday is not Martin Luther King's birthday. He has heard for his birthday on the 19th. Right. The 17th which is Monday. Well, what's there is a make-up? Michael is birthday for God's sake. And so if we're going to celebrate it, let's call it what it is. It's been like the Cyclist birthday on Monday. Monday is Martin Luther King's day. That's that's just for you. Yeah. American style. Okay. I wish I had the problems with these people. I got he's worried about that. Talk about a nose in a nitpick or a man. What are you worried about? See, we used to have Lincoln birthday. Then we had Washington birthday. They were a separate holidays. And they did this side. Well, we don't want to give the kids that many days off from school. And so I will just make president's day. And they had a point because you could have like Kennedy day. And you could have Roosevelt day. And you could have like Eisenhower day. And then for all the crux we could have Nixon day. And for people that can't remember the time of the day. They could have Reagan day. But what's the point, you know? And for people that like, you know, have a good head on their shoulders. They're going to have Boba day. People like a little good head. I'll tell you one thing, baby. I don't care what anybody says. Boba's okay with me. And I'm just, I hate to say this to you. But whoever comes next is not going to live up to his standards. They have better taste than women. But he's not going to live up to his standards. Oh, no. I'm going to go to my words. And you notice by the way that his poll ratings yesterday that came out with a new popular and a poll higher than the last six months numbers are skyrocketing up. And the day that he walks out of there with this head and his hands is somebody else's. People are going to be pretty pissed off and upset. Especially if that coaxe thorton douchebag from Texas gets in there. That's come back. What's his name again? 22 till noon at 5.50 QAM. This is 5.60 QAM. QAM. Port radio 5.60 QAM. I'm a co-band. I know but man. And I trust you, Arturo. You both build those great timeless work hands and use the reference. Well, now you really love this latest pathetic combination, I'm on the so good. It's not available in sports. It's cute to a record. Well, rock hands, boys. Please win one eye open. If in your camera, you'll find a dead night. And turn on. That's right. Every song that for some reason, never became a mainstay at the classic rock counter-golder. There's here on this exclusive radio offer. Take the down on to the paradise. The guy says, being in the girls up. Ready? Hey, hey, hey. So what are you waiting for? What are you order? Fill hot air pools today? So order filled rock hands. Just have any max out credit card, right? And call the 800 this is the dumbest radio offer today. Sorry, no sin to hear you. Bye. Uh, yeah. We're doing. Two. Kind of girl. Got a major announcement. They drew an hour to fix time. A big change to head high-show. The cook fall was just in here. This is your doofless was in. And says. And says. Thirty days from today. Market on your counter-fabric 14. To be as you remember it's Valentine's Day. It's today that the screwed up winner rating book from our, the fall book comes up from our, the triumphant by the way, they lost thousands of diaries. And don't believe any of those numbers in the fall book. February 14, 38 days from today. We'll have a new phone system here in this studio. That's what Greg Marie just told us. He said, right at down. Market down. Of course we've heard that before. Market down. Where did we hear that before, by the way. Market down. Somebody told us a story. And I'm going to tell you something right now. And you can market down. If Brewer County would change their mind and decide they wanted to build this facility. Yeah. I will not play here. Really? Because I will not have you guys. Looking at me for the next 10 years saying, Who's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else? Lair, liar pants on fire. I could have been wearing high finger. Good. Yeah. It's not a lucky to me. That's going to be a great pull question for when. By the way, who's got more credibility? Wayne high finger or Greg Reed? Wow. That is really tough. Here's West Palm Beach. Hello. You're not going to push me around. I'm going to push me around. Okay. So the Cuban staff there are Cuban. Okay. I'm not going to push you around. I'm not going to put you on here either. I must have been a kid for Toms Regalado. You know, the other asshole. The other town. Can we get like a real call online nine today or what? Do you think there's any chance I doubt it? 877-785-6345. Reading miraculous that all these lines magically started working again and released this so they look like. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I have a question. Yes. How come Fidelist de Solo? Yes. He was in Miami, we read it all this year. And what? How come Fidelist de Solo is in this country? He's running this country. No. Here's our country. And he's there. We are the dictator, you know, with throwing out. Yeah. Maybe he's a good guy. Maybe. I doubt it, but maybe he's a good guy, you know. I don't understand. Yeah, you've got him under his stone. You do you mean, how come Stalin stayed there in Russia so long? You want an ally because he killed 30 million people. Maybe that's your answer. How come Chairman Mao was there so long? Because he killed the millions of millions of people. But then I'm saying it and it was all a torn out. Well, yeah, they were thrown out. And of course some countries they have revolutions and they overthrow them. But then I have an revolution. The revolution is here. It's hard to have a revolution throughout the dictator when you 90 miles away. And there's like all that water in between. It's kind of difficult. I have an revolution by long distance, sir. And of course they could do a lot cheaper if they used that phone card. 560, 505, 505, 505, 505, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm sure it's all big man's fans. You know, they've kind of moved him out. That would get booed and then the middle of the playoffs for Senator Lusen of booed. I was baseball. But, oh, you see, you know, I'd buy a lot of stuff that you reminded me of that. You'll never guess what Jack has since we're talking about Jack has today. The world's biggest jack has right to column this more. I don't want to unison very jack has in the hero and says, Oh, well, I think that there's some interest there and it's a good thing that they got the boost around their talking baseball in the middle of January. He's a good announcer, but he's boring. Man, just so much fun to listen to. Yeah, man. I don't know. How quickly can I tell the truth? What happened with that deal? He used to always be on the evening. What do you have to understand? He's on a way to Jacksonville. Not to do the game this weekend. Do you want to mention doing the game tomorrow, would you? He's never on in the evening anymore. I know. What are you probably because they're not paying them? Oh, you know, listen to baseball. Oh, yeah, he, he, the man just had a comment about that boo-go baseball show last night. That was a two hour blow job. Yeah, that's what he said. Unbelievable. And then he would feel good. Okay, have a great day, pal. Man, this demand, I'll tell you that. Especially after you left me my guide then, Tommy Brady picture right at how it got down George. Oh, great. That's it. I'm leaving. I'm leaving. Somebody stole my all here. It is. Oh, thank God. I Tom Brady picture. Here you go. There's a real man for you. Okay. That's what man did. So make course he's a little bit prejudiced because he plays for me. She can. He's a very handsome young man. Who can't see that? I see it. Boy, don't be stealing my Tommy Brady picture while I'm on vacation either. George, I'll be really fulfillment at the moment. So market down on your calendar. Greg Reed says, in between saying, Eeeeh, and between those two, we says, February 14, you're going to have a new phone system and here marketized all excited. He's been working on it. He looks like he's been working on it. Oh, God. I mean, like it's a major accomplishment. How difficult is that? Is this the first time this is hand? No. The first time it's been discussed with him. No, but he works a little bit slow. A little bit on a slow side, you know? It's an endurance contest when you work for this company. If you can just stick it out so to speak. If you can just hang on for a dear life. Maybe just maybe someday they'll come around. Oh, we don't know. Oh, unlikely. I guarantee it's going to be the entire community. He's got this marked on in the calendar. Plexidema of Valentine's cards. Senator Valentine's Candy with some special guests in there. Here's a mobile and Hollywood hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. I've been in an outlet for a short this morning. So I don't know if you've talked about the ship. But I was looking at Bob and Tom this morning. Yes. And they said that somewhere in Texas, there's another like, Christian state found in a blob of ice cream next to the other machine. Great. I love that. You did hear that? I said it in a apartment complex. Somebody dropped some ice cream and it was melted and it looked like some St. And maybe it's the baby Jesus. When he came out. Maybe he on, right? Could be. So anyways, let's get them. They put a piece of plastic glass over the savet and put duct tape around it. So what's the change? There you go. Is like, what the hell are people? They're problem. How do I just tell them to know? Is it believe we crap like that? They're going to meet their maker. Meet Marvin Maker. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. All right. Thanks. Which reminds me, visions of the virgin. This was in Newswick Magazine this week. Thousands of believers talking to hear the mother of Jesus. Speak to a man who lives in Boston. Ivan, drag a vexic. David, get whatever his name is. Some, some scumbag is getting mobbed. That he's sacred heart Roman cat, like church in the suburb of Boston. People are lunging, stringing at their hands on him. I'm a friend of Ivan's claims of what he had manjacking the closer. Dragon, dragon, shivock, does no him. Dragon, shivock. Another man, railroads is way through the congregation and pleats for a picture. Grab a givock, dimur, dimur, his wife, a former mismatched attuces his poison, your bias, flash, bubble, a flicker. Ivan looks overwhelmed. Navigating crowds is just part of life when you're one of these, uh, uh, med, uh, these names. Medjugorje visionaries, these six Croatian children who reported 1981 to begin receiving daily visits from the virgin Mary in what was then you was Slavia. Boy, she sure hangs out in the right spots that virgin Mary. First she's up there on the side of that bank building in Clearwater, then she's at Rosa Lopez's house yesterday in the 13th of every month. And now she's hanging out with you, was Slavia, which they didn't even hear anymore by the way. Since they were first reported to the vision to spark the worldwide phenomenon, drawing more than 20 million tourists to Medjugorje. 20 million crazy people, crazier than a bed bug. Oh, god. In the United States, there are more than 150 groups well organized Catholics, many of whom have made the pilgrimage to Apparition Hill, sort of the original visions at Medjugorje. The visions have spot a cottage industry in the US of pilgrimage, guides and merchandise. There is, of course, a website. There's a website and Medjugorje magazine accepts advertising from full profit book retailers and travel agencies, boasts the magazines, ad-rate card, readers of Medjugorje magazine are active buyers and stimulated by advertising. In other words, a sucker is born every minute on what they're saying. Oh, see, this is not the right business to be in sitting here screaming about a guy to imposes them that don't work. Maybe Janet Paul Croch would like a new assistant, huh? And that's one year. That's all I want. One year on air, big in for money. That's all I want. Promising a bunch of crap. Oh, yeah, you're going to go to heaven. God, I'm going to take care of. Jesus is going to bring Virgin Mary to lunch. You'll see you on a Totino's pizza. No problem at all. Midians and millions and millions. Tax free, of course. Wrong guy, damn business. Just remember all you kids out there being honest is for suckers. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. How are you doing Neil? They're a model for the new year, join the mob. Yes, sir. Are we going to watch the game tonight? The NESPN? We're going to have a problem again. I don't know because you don't be here. I have no idea. No, no, I'm not going to see you. They straighten this one out. I mean, nobody knows about less than travelmen. They do. Yes, they do. Yeah, but we have to tell you. Let me say it again. They got it straight out. It will be on ESPN or whatever it's supposed to be on. It'll be on. Just trust me when I tell you. The rimman told me that. It came right from the horses' post. The rimman told me. Is he always right now? The rumor has it by the way that the anxious, the disgusting and grotesque Christina. You don't fat-rich, right? I'm on a wrong back. But anyway, well, I have to a lot of fun. Christina Moron was doing at Penguins' Phoenix game the other night. On ESPN on the doofs. Of course, if you have the small dish, you actually saw Mike Langd, who had a game on a Pittsburgh Pelquet, which is the only way to watch the Penguins, right? Of course, even though they're sticking to join out lately, did they lose that game last night again by the way that we're looking the pretty weak? Pretty weak. For it, they pretty weak. They're all of a sudden, but you know, it happens to the best of us. Every team's going along. They look great. I think their herb works magic because we're not now the celebrated as hundred and ten birthday. Anybody know who her works is in the audience? No, no. Not in the audience, either. They don't know who Popel brewery is. They're sure he's hello, no her Brooks. How about Punch Himlock? Anybody remember him? No. Let's go to Tim Horton's for some doughnuts. Come on. How about Bobby Baum with that broken ankle? Remember Bobby Baum? No. Carl Brourk? No. I'm not going to go into it. We're going to begin to call from Bill Hewitt shortly, by the way. Here's a call from Brooklyn, hello. Yeah, deal, how are you? Pretty good, sir. I'm listening on the internet. All right. Yes, it is. Best show in America is what Howard says. Beautiful show. Two things. We don't have the problems that you have with the cube, but we have them with different races. Yeah. Plus you've got Al Schroffin just to keep it going all the time. I'm telling you something about marching everywhere. But I'll tell you, I live on the same neighborhood that he got to stay up with a button. When he was marching, I don't know if you remember. He was here. He stayed up in the chest with a button. Anyway, great show, why don't you come to a real market? No, I like it. I like they ping a lot of money. That's why. Not that I like it here, but they just, you know, it's a, it's fun being in the middle of a couple of many crazy people. Okay, and you have a word of a better. And you too, sir. God bless you. Do I want to go to New York? No, I don't want to go to New York. Do I want to be anywhere near Rudy Giuliani? No, but we got Ken Jenny down here, Howard County. We got our own Nazi sheriff. Okay, we don't need a mayor like Rudy Giuliani. Who's making Disney World North up there and God damn New York? Always nice and clean and safe. It's a little more boring that it used to be well good. You keep boring. I don't like boring. I want to be your brown boring. I just stay right there all here and believe me, boring is where it's at. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump up. Look, maybe even line one worse now. You think so? I'm sure it doesn't look. Look at that. Look at this. What is that? I was the one, but look at that. I'm just so sad at first to look at that button. That which I never do. Do I do that? Or the way it's got that fucking shot on the job. Let's go up the room and the screen. But it might actually be making a little bit of a comeback. What I was going to do was. Like that, but I kept my thumb on it. 5, 6, 7. It's fun. It's kind of like getting on school. Now that I threatened to take a like about a six month vacation, all of a sudden the full magically is making a comeback. Because I don't think that anybody, even if they have no ratings, even if they suck, which believe me, there's people. I don't want to mention a names, okay? First of all, Martin Luther's own holiday weekend. I don't want to make them name. But people don't belong in here and that people really suck. But even the bad people, even the people that think don't deserve that to work with crap equipment. Do I'm talking about it? I give up all my good stuff. Sing your hands on the bed, go with my tummy. Coins on the bed. Say, who you look is that? Yeah. Like is it not tasty. You can't look exactly at me. You cannot look at his eyes. If you do your job goes by by, keep safe When night coming around you leave it you leave Without turning around It's no wonder they didn't last and long And yeah, just watch the love for the same What if my guy's there job And now that's doing you when you're alive It's like the love you feel free to come That your back goes your job It's kind of treatment just stay right You fly slow Come on, little hand is right on the big hand Here are five sixty WCM Your dolphin station baby They're looking at for all they can get out of Come on, wind of our wind, please we want the money We don't care if you wouldn't or not Or nearly but we need the money We want another game and another game And a stupid ball all other good stuff Is it going to change anything if we get that money Oh, we'll never see it How's that 150 bucks by the way It's better when never got anybody I love that Here's Hylia, hello Hello, Neil How come you call everybody to screw with an Nazi Meaning what? Like George Bush, we call Tulean Did I call George Bush a Nazi? Yeah George Bush senior? No, junior Yeah, he's not a Nazi, he's just a nerd He's just a dumb nerd No, because it's a... Yeah, Bush, yeah Bush I would say is like a Nazi Yeah Well, you're not different than the humans in a Call of Duty but they disagree with them No, I'm not out there in the streets Block an off traffic and protest me I'm just given my opinion which is what they pay me to do Who are you upset about? The Bush is? Are you a Bush man? No, I mean, well, nobody is talking about Who is it that I've called a fascist or a Nazi? Who is like a Nazi? Like, would he Duleanie? Duleanie, Reagan Bush Yeah Keep going, Bush Duleanie, there's three fascists for you right? Well, the Nazis Come on, Patista, there was another one other fascist But they're like a poppy and never met a fascist You didn't like his that way to this? No, I'm just saying you're like no better than the kid You're always criticized the kid For being a new jerk Communist the communist, okay, well, on the opposite It's fascist the fascist the thank you This is the anti-the opposite of the Cuban show, whatever it is Thanks for putting your thumb on it sir 567560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T line By the way, speaking of that report charges high school Bible preaches religion Talahashi, this by the way is your same governor, Jim might do that you're upset about That's got those bumper stickers that people are off and armors They got a lawsuit on about the choose life The right to life thing where they're so known, that's that's where adoption Why doesn't it just a chosen adoption is it for adoption? No, it's another right to life, it's another bunch of religious crap It's as why is it hard for a non-Christian to understand things about God That's one of the questions asked in exams given in a couple of lower high schools that teach Bible history It's also an example cited by people for the American way As proof that Bible classes are being used to preach religion rather than teach history How do you like that? The groups report issued that a news conference on Thursday is based on a year long study that people for the American way under took after successfully suing The Lee County School Board two years ago over a Bible history class That's the Lee County School Board It's the first study of its kind that the group has done After reviewing records from all 14 Florida School District I had elected Bible history classes and some of their high schools during the past three years The organization concluded that all 14 districts violate the constitutional requirement that history of the Bible Be taught in a secular objective way None of the districts thank God Isn't Dave Browder Palm Beach County's instead the classes are used to teach the Bible as historical fact And if a mode a Christian viewpoint and usually a minority Christian perspective according to people for the American way How do you like that? Why is it hard for a non-Christian to understand things about God? Isn't that great to have that in the school? Excellent 560 pound 560 on the 18 T. Well, he was going pretty good there. Jeff Bush, Ronald Reagan Rudy Giuliani left Ken Jenny out there's a good starting with the fascist and off Hitler Heinrich Kimler Here's a mobile informer. Shall I? Yeah, yes sir. Are you okay? Still loud and clear on high 75 and 4 miles. Great. Two things. Yes sir. Can we never hear anything more getting into you in second thing? The broken. Yes Olympic coach. Yeah. And What? The same as El Michael. 560. 560. Oh God almighty. Do you believe that this guy is a miracle? Get out of here. Okay. Well, thank you sir. Don't you understand how boring you are? You're boring sir. What famous name? 4 score and 20 years up your ass. Okay. Get out of my face. You silly person you. Don't you? Well, that's a call to what talk show. Oh no. Your horrendous your road test. I'm starting to have a relapse. My innards. My kishki's are twisting you and just from here and that crap. What famous way where oh, see what I mean? That's hockey talking soft Florida. And by the way, El Michael. Does anybody want to hear him do hockey? Oh no. Thank you. I'll stick to Joe Bowen and the Rick generate my client. Thank you. I don't want to hear no El Michael. I don't want hear El Michael's do football. And by the way, let me share again. They threw the wrong guy off Monday night. Did I tell you that in the first place? Yeah, the boomer said the boomer back a pack in back pack in the boomer blows. Never thought I'd be screaming and begging for Dan Deard off. I know his very occasions when there's a game on the anybody who want to watch. Which there weren't too many this year on Monday nights where there are many. No. Banging for Dan Deard off because the boomer is like, we didn't like that. The dumbest jack as opposed to Dan Deard off was at least in our ticket list. And let me tell you this, too. By the way, some of all, you know how pets some of those eyes falling out the one I. At least some of all in madness as old as they both are 120 to this week. At least there's great compared to the rest. We got Brian Gumball, blows. Blows. And by the way, speaking of that, don't forget. Don't and Mike. Wow. Yeah, them too. Here's Fort Myers. Let's hope it is improvement over that geezer. Hello. see pathetic. Neil. Yes sir. What was that? Is that a fossil on the phone? I think your stick has turned light in it. Yeah. Okay great. Another good call from Fort Myers. He said he's got turn lights in his back though. Nothing like that. Bugged to hell out of me. See, and we're still looking for a real call on it out of town line. But that was a real blessing. Wasn't it? Not getting that thing in here. Oh, 877756345. We're paying for it. Here's Coral Geobels. Hello. How you doing? That's okay sir. I got a question for you though. Yes. I was on your internet tonight and I was trying to download your gun to be good to get. Yeah. But you tried it for a minute. What's up with that? Chaging for it. Yeah. I couldn't download it. I can download empty three. All over the place. For free. And then I go to the house. Who was charging for it? The internet site. How was that possible? How was that possible? Where the money going? I don't know where the money is going. Yeah. Neither the wait. Probably where the same place that I've got. I don't know if it was you. I think it was you. I think it was you. I think it was you. I think you. No, it's not us. You're right about boomer. He does blow them. Okay. Thanks for pretty weak call. 5605050. 560 on the 18T line. 877-785-6345 on the worldwide line. That thing is better in the door nail. Here. Wish that one would break down because quite frankly we don't need it. I don't want to admit that on the air because then they'll take it out. So you can write down. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Hello. Yes. You got a spot for budget run to car that you're right. It starts out with an employee of budget. You know, blah, blah. You're a bit too much. Yes. I learned that every time I miss me, she made me do that. What about most you met in the old Boston bro and shall we? Oh, no, that's not. And boomer blows. Okay. Thank you. See you at unanimous. We took a poll. Everybody says the bloomer blows. Boomer blows. 560-560. On the AT&T wireless line. Why can't we for those tapes in the one of two are you know what I'm talking about? Oh, thank God. Here's Hillsborough. Hello. I'm lying in one. Yeah. Yes sir. I can't believe it. I can't believe it either. Oh my God. Oh my God. It works. So far. It's so far. That's pretty work. Yes, they were searching for road. They'd have a farm. I was on the living. Yeah, we found them. I wouldn't have found them. I heard about it today. I'm sure they found them. Yeah. All right. Mining ones are winner. Okay. Okay. Like that. Here's the guy that's calling. Sucking around for those tickets just because he was on the list. The row called. Yeah. I'm going to wear cigarettes. Meaning what? Meaning he said I want you to say nobody called me. The promotions. That's their problem now. Yeah. I'm not going to worry about it. I'd leave it limited to the nephew. Okay. That's his problem. I'm not going to worry about a giveaway. No. In fact, I apologize for getting sucked in and doing that giveaway yesterday. I don't think I've ever been going to do it again. Even if the dolphins make it the stupid bowl, which we, a bizarre. Highly unlikely, but even if they did, I would give it stuff a win as shown. No. Let the other shows buy the listeners, but they're got them stupid ticket giveaways. By the way, anybody want my pants or tickets? The sports rate, 0.5. 62.8. It's also tough. Oh, okay. The dollar. How are you, man? D.E. Cry. Oh, right. I'm alive. Oh, then C. Listen up, you want your land. Back to us. Willy Saildeck plays just in case I reside in cash payments. ihn with undone thieves Fuck to the most cutepal completely free five 15-50-50 WQM Big Fad Boot Shop. They're going to be in a two-hanks son as well as Jacksonville. They only got that big Panther game, Carolina Hurcunes. Panther is the only 78 points ahead in that division race and that real-time division race. We're going to get to people whipped up for some of Panther hockey. 5-check. And now I had the Coslaw. Coslaw, Rake Lines, 5-check to the line. Got around Adam before he was knocked down. Aberla plays it in front of his old goal on a penalty show. He's got it ahead to Adam. Now you scavenged his into the rush. The Panther is getting up, John! You're getting up, two-hanks of the short-hand and goal on his time to the floor. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I don't know what to do. Go to the private ticket break. Mr. Chathason. Back in for Dolby was knocked down and was returned. I'm looking for a stick. Passed it to my anthropoc, Panther-pust Julie. Oh, holy, Makano, 5-4-4-1-0. Yes! It's 30 minutes for Dolby's Giri and 5-4-4-1. He's stepped up for something to eat. There's been what's gone. In a very short amount of time, 26-6 is not John's turn. He's got the ball from that half-perce. His first to the last door, half-delay. Oh, you have to leave, please. Six to four. What a goal. I get my ball to it when I hear Joe Bowen. That's all excited I get. Anyway, there's some great Panther highlights for it. And I took four loss to the Maple Leafs a couple of Mondays ago. There was a game for a baby. Oh! 1215 at 5.60WQIM. Here's a plantation. Hello. How you doing? Great. I need to ask you a question if I could. Go right ahead. If there's certain time down here, A.M. radio-wise. Let's say like in the evening time. Other than sports, you really don't have nothing down here. Well, there's two great alternatives though. There's one that's called television. And there's another one that's called a life. I think too. Because seriously, how many people listen to radio at night? Back in the old days when I was on here, I used to have gigantic numbers at night, but all day your audience was over the age of 100. I enjoyed falling asleep to it at night. Oh, yeah. Right. But I believe sometimes we're out came from. We used to have like mysteries or horror stories or something you could commit. And then of course. Okay, listen, great, govrously. Made three nights there. Pimmer, McGee, a mall, you nine. Oh, god, almighty. Damn. You know something maybe after this, they get this bogus ball book out of the way. Our numbers are going to go soaring. The only problem is the demographics will be just like W. Just news again. We got all the old files to get. Yeah, let's talk about suspense, huh? And let's talk about all those dick Tracy and all those other dick son at a radio, huh? Back in the old days when radio was creative. The friend Alan show. Anybody want to hear that? No. Life would Luigi. Come on, let's go. Let's reminisce about old time radio. What do you say? I'm trying to hear reminisce about all that old crap. He's good at that. He knows this old crap. Let's continue, Rayburn on today. Let's get Jean Rayburn on line. Come on, Jean. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. See, and it's just like this millionaire show that everybody's so excited about. I will admit, like I said yesterday, Quixhos are addictive. They get you hooked up because you can participate. You can play along. But there's a difference between good quixhos and bad quixhos. And believe me, that regist thing, it is bad. It is pathetic. Well, let's see. Let me call everybody in the phone book and see if they know the answer. Here's for, not only is it multiple choice, but you get to call everybody in the guy named country. You got the audience who's going to help you. You got to eliminate three of the four questions and maybe you might get the answer right in. And what is that? One of the two colors of an Oreo cookie black and white. Pink in the lilac purple and the liquorice or shard trussin mob. There's a question for you know what I'm saying? That's really, is that a show or what? It's big deal. It's big in a boat. There I know we just get out of here. And by the way, no-to-date is still sucks. I like we just eat a good guy. He deserves all the money in the world, but I mean, the people think that that's a good show and the problem is that when your good show is run, only us all far to remember that. So let's remain as about the good old show. No, that's not. See, people who live in the past, like you use silly silly people with your date, think that talking about hockey is talking about stuff you saw 50 years ago, you know? Let's talk a lot to any show or let's talk a lot to you know, Bert Olmstein, all that good stuff and, oh, I hear you, whatever his name was, that gold tender. What the was his name? Here's, and the guy who's playing crashed, Gilbert Rolko. Here's, uh, Boca, hello. Yeah, I knew. I just wanted to say if you would, that was what the lyrics, any other night. I am sick and tired. Why are you two? Try to be converted by the Christians, by these Jews for Jesus for free. Yeah. It's sick of things. And then to do it. Yeah, I want the goi to get off my bank. Exactly. All you goi, I'm out there, get off our backs. Yeah, I'm sorry, so already. You have people talking. I got to have this. Another question I want to ask. Yes. Tim Horton. Yeah. You look to live in Toronto. I'm from Buffalo. No, I'm from Rochester, so you don't pay me. I'm from Buffalo. Oh, all right, I'm from Buffalo. Yeah, Buffalo was like the anus of New Yorker. I said, hey man. Right on the New York state. Black don't. Yeah. Although I do like rich dinner right. Is it a great? Yeah. He's just tell me. He's your bo and he's the best. And it's Jews for Judaism. Okay. Okay. Happy pork pal. Thank you. Okay. So now some of those is on the door and keep those going. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T. I told him that's a problem with America man. There's too many for visitor going. Am I right? There you go. I rest my case. Yeah, let's talk about those good old shows. The green horned that is great. All right. There you go. Just happen to be there. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, that guy before said he likes to fall asleep. Listen to the shows on the radio. Yeah. If you listen to that book show, we should talk in baseball last night. You had it fall asleep. Why don't we talk in baseball in the middle of January? He's going to be on it too today. Call him up and rip him an ass. Okay. That is unbelievable. His fan asked and believe me, it could use a lot of ripping. It's big. Hey, you know something. There was a time when I had to do a boot. The bootster has ballooned up. His ass could be in apartment complex. That's how big he is now. Seriously. Okay. He's got the biggest recto in the Western world. You know, there was a time when you were a dolphin fan. Yes, that's true. I was a bit like, hey, I paid out of my own pocket for those great seats. I had in the 50-hour line five years in a row. I was there. We're fat rich and I were the first ones in the stadium every week. We were early. And it's got to be really terminal. Are you a butchanyl or something? I don't have them. I can't stand them. Okay. I don't know why. I jumped on a bandwagon with the Panthers. This thing. You want me to explain you why I hate to dolphin? I would. I don't read it. Like marino because he's a great player. And he can a lot of crap. He would appreciate him. But I don't really hate the team. It's just that I can't stand the whole ambiance in the phoning. This is for running fans who know nothing about football. Nothing about sports. That's what just turned me against something. That happened with the Panthers when they made their run a couple of years. People jumped on the plane. Well, that would be a pain that happened. It's already still going on. But you know, he presented those people there. Don't even know what a goddamn game starts. Yeah, but you know what I'm going on there. I come there all bend and down. What is it? And they don't know what's going on. They're having a scrum as that one. It is. But you know something that dolphins have been in this town longer than any other team. Yeah. They do have some fans that have been here a long time. Yeah, I don't doubt that. And the Panthers have some real fans too. I'm sure they do. But you know, when we saw with the Panthers, I swear to you, I'm just hoping. And I'm not a front runner. I'm a dolphin fan. But if they do get by Jacksonville. So I think it will pale in the comparison. What happened with the Panthers and you're going on a pan? I'm going on a pan. Let's listen. Listen. I would have been shocked if they lost the Seattle because I saw Seattle and I just came. Seattle is to say their girl's team is an insult to women. Yeah, but yeah, listen. Let me finish. I would have been shocked. I will be surprised if they be Jacksonville because even though Jack D'Villain is in a very weak conference, they're not as good. They're overrated. The dolphins are a very weak team. I mean, you can keep repeating the same inferiority to the same problems. They're running in. They don't have any run again. But the fact is, if they if they do squeak by, what is that really going to mean? It's going to mean that they are going to be a big part of the world. I mean that they, you know, the media equity is right at the top because the national football league is mediocre. How many really good teams are there? But how many good sport sports are there? I mean, the water and down every spray and everything. But you know, and because of greed and expansion, which are synonymous, too many teams, there's only so much of a talent pool. You can only divide it up so many ways. But you know, some of the euphoria if they do get past this game, you know, some of this community. I'm literally throwing my life. Yeah. Because you're a human. He doesn't have much to cheer for. We get ready for it. What does that mean? You know, some of the nice, you know, some of the nice. And I'm not going to do it. You know, and we're going to have a side like a fake orgasm. Okay. I mean, well, either. Can you make it? No, I will not. Oh, okay. Come on. Just write it. I do. I do. Have a great day, Sean. Oh, even my fingers start this flip on the guy. And I can't score score. I can. Okay. I'm not going to pretend. I'm removing projects. I'm sorry. Does that make me a bad guy? Oh, too bad. Let's go. Jaguar. My favorite team is whoever the dolphins are playing that week. That's why I look at it. I'm sorry. And I'm not sorry. Why do I say I'm sorry? That's just the way I feel. Because I've been turned around by the obnoxious. I listen to these no brain assholes calling and ripping the jet fans. And these fans here are some of the worst drugs. Forget about the guy named Dolphins. That panther again the other night. I've never seen it. Okay. How many kings of beer? How many cases must you drink to enjoy yourself at a guy in sporting event? That's the question. And we're talking people that wouldn't know Claude La Point from what's the point. Okay. Hey, La Point. You're a failure. That's you, La Paia. Your mama. That's my comment to use your don't come back. Okay. Don't take it personally unless you want to go back to your guy then tree with your banjo and get out of our face. And those assholes behind me. Well, I made $13 on GE this morning as you're. But I mean, the whole three periods never stop for a second. Never took a breath. Never took a breath. Were they talking about anything going on during the game? No. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Oh, ah. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, how are you? I'm great. Good. Is this Neil? This is Neil. Sounds like me. Yeah. It's on directly though. Sounds a little bit different. Well, it's me, sir. Trust me when I tell you. How's that prove it? Yes, it does. Okay. I at first of all, I wanted to say that I have a lot of respect for you. What you should. Yeah, I know I should. Anybody can put up with this crap every day. You better believe it. 20 or years. You better believe it. I can on your counter by the way, sir. March 1st, 24 years in this town. Oh, good. 24 years. Well, I've been. I've been. I've been longer than you, Neil. Yeah, I was born here. Right. I'm sorry. I apologize. Yeah, I hear you in a call. You're all your own apology, believe me. I'm a half a century old, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah. And I just wanted to say to you. But, you know, I've been listening on and off to you for quite a while. And like I said, there's a lot of things that you do there. Fantastic. I feel like there's also some things that you do that are terrible. Yes. Awesome. Yeah. More or less. Most scandalous. Oh, yes. On a set of. Yeah. Well, basically, you know, you insult everybody. Yeah. Literally everybody. And you hurt my team. I love the dolphins. I'm a dolphin fan. But you think I'm hurt. I heard your team. You think that their feelings are hurt? I'd love it. No, you probably do. Do you know it's my team? I've publicly denounced them because I said that they suck. They're a girl's team. Well, yeah. Yeah, you know, that's true. Oh, no. Yes. No, no. Yes. The answer is. And being a fan, you know, all those years have been a leaf fan for 42 years. There are many, many, many of those years after the 67th. The team sucked. Now, I wasn't any less of a fan, but I was honest enough to say, wow, this team sucks. See, again, sir, you're a classic example of the so-called sports fans in his town. I keep trying to give this seminar on here over and over again, but you're having only little slow and don't want to catch on, do you know? Oh, being a fan doesn't mean you put on blinders and pretend your team is good when they suck when they're mediocre. You had at least try to be a little bit objective. You root for them to win. You lend them their tangible support and emotional support and whatever you want. But you don't try to pretend yourself that they're great when they blow. When they're mediocre at death, when they're embarrassing at best. And let me say it again, you ought to be God damn doing your Olando Murray blow up though right now because if it wasn't for him, there wouldn't be a childman's chance to be any playoff. I don't care what anybody on this station says. If it wasn't for Olando Murray, this team being a goddamn little leagues. Anybody tells me, well, you only please the couple minutes of game. That's ridiculous. Game after game after game after game 51 yards 40, 8 yards 47 almost got them automatic this kid. Does anybody give them any credit? Oh, because as they made Danny and as they made Jimmy, that's why. And they don't understand the importance of having a tremendously accurate outstanding field goal kicker. They don't get that. And all those years that I went story out of it, you know, drive down to the 15 yard line here comes story. Now drive down to the 15 yard line here comes Olando. It's the same guy damn thing. It's the dead zone. The dolphins in the dead zone. Why am I talking about this now? That guy's sucking me into this. Do I want to talk about this? No, I don't talk about Alien. I read the talk about Alien from outer space. 26 past known as 560 WQN. Wake up with the first piece. Joe Rogo, Jeff DeFars, this is the goal-steed. We've been hoarding six homeless on sports radio 560 QAF. Floridian, dumb-ad dirt. We don't intermit across in the crowd of beans. They got me best in her touchy weather. All right. As a family party in that table of work. Okay. It tells you this country where the country is. So they're ruffed and unassum he want to sell. And from my long way you can detect the assault. The assault can't assault. The assault can't assault. He likes to pop his left hand. The assault can't assault. The assault can't assault. The gun shall be good. Oh, we're fine. We'll be carry lots of our empty gun. We'll be carry lots of our empty gun. We'll be carry lots of our empty gun. We'll be carry lots of our empty gun. We'll be carry lots of our empty gun. We'll be carry lots of our empty gun. We'll be carry lots of our empty gun. We'll be carry lots of our empty gun. They begin to pop as short. Smoke, gun, smoke, smoke, smoke. All right. The gun shall be good. I'm not tell for so you are a rock-stop man. You like to smoke to join a slip whenever you can. There's many people coming here from miles around. To bite me from through you by the ounce of it. I'm rast among these people who are on my right. It can't be good tonight and then they're strong. Smoke, gun, smoke, smoke. They like pop his left hand. Smoke, gun, smoke, smoke. Smoke, gun, smoke, smoke. They're kind of good. All right. John Mawne. 12.32 to the 5.60 WQAM. So anyway, Eric, who never misses a thing with our new roger's dot com website. It does a great job from Uno, Alvaraca. He says, going to be good is on the best in the United States part one, which isn't sold out. And it says as soon as it is sold out, it will be on the website. That's why there's a link next to it that's his bite. If you click on it, it'll take you to the center one, center one online store where you can buy it. That's where the money is going. So that's what that was all about. Meaning, buy it on the best in the United 798. But as soon as that thing is sold out, it will be on the other way of site free. Got it, pal. What I called before you got it? Oh, good. Probably not. Here's a facts from Tracy Sally and Jody of Gemma, Distribute. He's obviously in a delusional state today, probably Florida. It says the United States government is who to stay and declaring the near extinction of the Jacksonville Jaguars, official spirit that the Jacksonville Jaguars become extinct by late Saturday afternoon. Uh-oh. Yeah. Although normal training activities continue throughout the day, the future looks bleak. So Tracy Sally and Jody of Gemma, Distribute isn't dear to old beats. You think the future is bleak for Jacksonville? No. I mean, if that goes the way I think it's going to go, which I really don't know because I don't have Crystal Balls. But if it goes the way I think it's going to go by like half time, you know, all the dolphin bands can come back home. Turn around and go home. I'm also in very mistaken, but you never know when you got mediocre teams, when you got like diluted town, you never know who's going to show up on that day. But if they play like that again, Seattle, it's going to be really desperate. They, in fact, if they would have been playing any other team in the league, except Seattle last week, even the new of Maple Leaf, Cleveland Brown, if they would have played like that again, any other team in league, they'd have gotten their asses whipped, they'd be all over. There'd be no more. And Jimmy and Danny. No more than. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. We got bookshop. We're coming along. You're probably talking a lot of baseball. I would think, it's the season for it. Because you have a notice. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Happy Friday, Neil. And back to you. I knew I can't wait until tonight, so we can open up even more Secretary like lead on Carolina. 822 points. Exactly. And my wife, a girl that's been sick, I mean, for a lot of two weeks with this horrible flu. I mean, it's really good. Real bad. She gets whipped into an orgasm frenzy when she sees a Whitney and Pauval hugger after a goal. Yeah, how would things that would do it? I mean, she said, she went to scored score. Yeah. She says she wants to be in there. I have Panther Talder of a game. Yeah. Yeah. I hear you. And Neil, to a few colors back, actually, it was many colors back. I put from the song, You label me. I label you and I dubbed the unforgiving. Good luck. Okay. Anybody have any idea what he's talking about? No. What we'll figure it out. 567 is a matter of fact. If you think Ray Whitney looks good when that uniform, you ought to see a naked. That's a rumor tool. 5670560, Pauk 560 on the AT&T line at 877-785-6345. Better stop talking like that, River. They'll ban you from the goddamn showers. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Yeah. I understand you were talking about food chowme earlier. Yes. That is as fast as the farming complex. Yes. If I'm not mistaken, wasn't Hank looking for a place to live not too long ago? Yeah. Maybe Boos got a spares platform. Maybe he's got an opening. Well, I'll say that. That's bad. 4 Boos. 5670560. Pauk. Maybe he's got a vacancy this week. Oh, boy. Picking on poor boog. Listen, it's just unhealthy. Okay. I keep saying these things as he loses anyway. Oh, Hank lost the way. At least he's kept it off. Okay. But one thing about us really fat people. You get to a certain point. You lose 40, 50 pounds. And then you're the same. And it just stops. And you try the atkins and a scatkins and this. And it doesn't work. I found the worst real well. I was like, when you're prepping for those attacks that I did for a day and a half and you eat nothing at all and lose four pounds in a day and a half. Not my idea of like a steady diet that the great fleet possible soda man and stuff. Keep your real busy. You don't have time to eat. Although I would have a feeling that alcohol's the probably could eat on the pot. I just I can envision him sitting on a pot with a goddamn salami sandwich. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yeah. You're right. Easy. That's right. Listen. You talk about the first time I'm still. I ain't going to bring it up. Shake in my head about the guy with the mystery and the suspense. God, that was 50 years ago. Yeah. You want to hear Fiverm again. Are you getting it? Every night in Clark, everyone sits around the. The play. You go right. Yeah. We have a big still. A big white more radio. You know, one of those four models. John was great. Listen, the guy that was the blind loyalty to the dolphins. First off, medium awkwarding that you get that eight and eight teams in the playoff. I mean, that says. I'm out. How about those cowboys? I'm not a good girl last week for about five minutes. But you know, you have to understand. Just because you live here doesn't mean you're a fan of the local team. I mean, I recommend people that are loyal and go to bed. You know, when they lose your loyal, but there's a lot of people here that, you know, they're not Miami fans. You just have to live with that. It isn't a big deal. Somebody is a. I grew up with the Baltimore pulse. I mean, the United States and those days, but. You know, now I've been down here long enough from that. You know, that's all that counts. Also, I think. I think Bury, if he keeps it up, is on his way to an empty beer. I really do. But when surprised me. I let's hope so. Listen, how about that? He's worth the price of the mission. Have a good. Thanks. Happy Martin Luther cool and highlighted everybody, baby. As a matter of fact, almost forgot about this. In fact, if he were still alive, he'd probably be pissed off about this. The Catholic Church is going to make a decision. They may designate him as a martyr. How do you like that? And a martyr. Of course, there's only 75 million martyrs. But on May 7, Pope John Paul II that old fart, if he's still with us. You're going to still be with us? Well, touching go. He is going to plan to unveil this big list of people who are going to be designated by the Vatican for a list of 20th century martyrdom. Just another silly aspect of the Catholic Church. I'm martyr. We got saints. We got martyrs. We got silly people running around in dresses, which mock us on her heads. And some of them aren't even Orthodox Jews. 21 before one at 5.60, WQAM. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 5.60. You, A. Holy cow, Aaron's coming. All right, now. I got a little son here for the best wife in the world. The air she goes. The air she goes again. Two million girls, my son. My son's sight from the supply eyes. Her son that runs him behind me and... All right, now. There she goes. What? So far away from me. But don't go worry about me. Well, she can't change the sky. All look for a day. Woo! Luckily, she's fine. I couldn't do this for you. Okay, don't worry about the books. He was just in here and haven't seen him in much. He's lost some weight. Lost some weight. That's going there, Boat. I've got that strange orange here, but he's a good guy. Just a little unhappy son. Lost some weight. I think Hank could have taken Jesus' clothes. 560, pound 560. He wouldn't want to put up with Hank's decorators. Where are we going? Let's go to a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Pretty good sir. You're talking about fans. I've been a cowboy fan since the 80s. I'm not afraid to admit it. Right. And if these guys and fans would just admit it once in a while, they'd have a Miami stock. I just didn't perplexed by the whole ambiance of being a sports fan here in Southwood. They don't get it. They don't know what it means. I've been a cowboy fan. We should have never been in the playoffs this year. And I'm not afraid that admit it. I mean, we need to get better and do. I mean, if they wanted to say, hey, great. I've had people call me up over the years and say to me, oh, so and so our team sucks is your who should we roof for this year. What is that? What kind of guy is that? I mean, the time when Danny was there. He stopped and we had hold the boom and he stopped. Yeah, but Danny looked pretty good. I'll turn it that. Yeah, that's right. I mean, if you can't play good, at least look good, that's what I always do. And if you can't look good, smell good. And of course, you're treating him. He can't do any of those things. I'm for the raw chest, you're too. All right, I'll see you at the Donnebobbs. All right, then you have a go to the car house. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T, wireless line. Got 50 minutes to go. We got one of those big tapes on it. I want to clock today because I'm fan moosin' man. I'm getting a lot of her. I'm getting out from Martin Luther cool weekend. So you don't take off on you on Kip right. Don't take off on Worshishana. I don't take off on any of those jewel holidays because that would be extremely hypocritical. And I take off on Martin Luther cool and holiday, only because it's there. That's all. Why the hell not? He was a good guy. Never stole a freight train. Did the damn best he could. Had some balls had a big pair. J. Edgar Heber didn't like him. He was jealous. 560, we got 72 open lines here in 14 minutes to go. This is just the way we started. Pretty good in the middle and not to. And the phones made a comeback. Mark it on your calendar. Maybe Valentine's Day, February 14. Greg Reed says, Bob Bob, Bob that's what he says. Yeah. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. I wanted your long time call. I met on listeners. I have a listening. Ever since you was on whammy. Oh my god. Yeah, but I'm a black restaurant. I'm not afraid of it. And I have a and I know you got it. Yeah, but you got it off. People sent the human. That's what I like about to show because you called Martin Luther cool day cool day. I want to hear a lot. You know, he would add this point. He's not going to mind. You know, I don't mind either. You know, I just wanted to call you. Let's you know that. I've been on your website yesterday. Yes sir. Your website is the OPE. No. I mean, get your stuff. All right. Because I got a brother. Because I told him that, you know, you told me sexual. You don't like it. But hey, I'm here to the stuff. He's probably a closet bag anyway. Yeah, but anyway, you know, me personally. I'm a, I'm here to the sexual. But I like you. I don't care what you are. That's what you do. But you know it. You got the most. I've raised the sense of human. You're cracking up with those with those son of fates. It's funny. Yeah. What the fuck is that of things? Yeah. And then what it goes. No. Well, that's it. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And then what the. Oh, yeah. Yeah. The feeding of the Kasekiav. Yes sir. You're before the 9798. You had one cassette. And one CD. Maybe do you think you could do that? And since Boca Brian does most of your best. Right. And that man is a trip. I've been doing this for a long time. He's a he's a crazy person. Why don't you have like a CD devoted to most of your stuff and get hot man and animal In everybody else, you know, they can have a little bit. But he does most of your stuff. And I was hoping that. He would do something about. He do a song about like the handsome. Or whatever. You know, with the Cuban. You know, you know, you do something with the handsome. That's. That's Boca. Has a CD out anything that can get. Yeah, actually does, but. You know, something he made a CD about two years ago. And he told about four copies. It was a bomb. Not like they wasn't debom. It was a bomb like the ones that Hiroshima, you know. But I mean, not that bad. That's a good idea. Maybe we can do that and put it on our website and sell a few because you have a. You know, what else? It was. I wouldn't mind if I get actually get the. I don't know. I don't want to be so you can have them come in on you. So one day now you have that carry the way. You don't want to get that depressed. Have a great day, pal. No, I pick it. See, we don't want to wipe this smile off your post. I mean, it's a very funny guy, but he's very depressing. You know, say five six, seven, oh, five, six. Here's the call from Los Angeles, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? This is Bob. I spoke to you about a month or two ago. And I just had a couple of things on my mind today. I know you're getting off in about ten minutes. So we can make it. Well, I look forward to that. Yeah, of course you are. I know it. You know what? Let's see Rochester. I did some investigation in your whole family. What is it? Bill Stern, the call gate chief, clean man. Yeah. He was born in Rochester on July the first 1907. Yeah. And then he died. He died. How about time, Decker? How about all those other old, uh, go ahead. Yeah, well, there are two, but the. And going calling him, come on. Let's say good out of here, pal. And find the build a Turner, Bob Turner, whatever his name was. We do a way to do a team. We want to talk about old. We don't want to talk about old time. Crat. Don't you understand? I'm an old time far, but I don't want to live in the past. Nobody wants to hear those things. God, Bill Stern. Man, what kind of the Stern show on, by the way? Bill, we're talking about Howard. Bill Stern, great boxing announcer, too, by the way. Oh, Jesus. Where do these old fossils come from today? It's like a, a magnet thing. Like we, we hit a, uh, an old fart magnet out there in radio land. Maybe they're the only ones who can hear the signal today. Let's all, let's do a note from sunrise, ladies. What do you say? Oh. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. How are you? Okay. I hope you enjoy your weekend here. And your name, it will be great. Great. I just wanted to say I can't wait to tonight's Panther's game. I'm an avid Panthers fan. Right. Like that guy's wife that was on the phone earlier. Yeah. I know how you love to see. She loves seeing Bre and Whitney hugging. That's what you're going to. Uh-huh. And what gets me going even more. I'm going to say, you do a lot of squeezing in the showers, too. But I'm here. I mean, that's just a rumor. I'd love to have a, I told me that. And I'm like, camera for that. Yeah. But another thing that gets me going is watching Bre on the bench or after getting a gold towing on his gum. Yeah. Oh, my good. He likes to nap at it and the gum, too. I know. You watch out because Anna Cornelholy is going to get very upset if you keep this up. Oh, well, I'm sure that he has a very happy girlfriend. I heard you got a big stone as well. I heard surgery on Monday. Have a great day. You too. Go Panthers. Okay. They got to beat those hurricanes tonight. Bad schedule by the way. The schedule is your really sucks. Have they played the hurricane? I don't think we played them. Have we? Oh, yeah. We lost up there. And we lose one game to the hurricane. Oh, he did. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pond 5. Oh, here's a, uh, procre and Pemberpine. So, hello. And Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, God, we love you and fine. Of course. Listen, I met you the other night at the game. I was sitting right in front of those redneck. She'd been talking about it. Oh, my God. Could you believe that? The best thing about it and what you say about, I had these two older guys behind me. All they talked about was their, their futures and pistellies and how much money they're making all week. Yeah, I had too much bucks behind me. I keep telling this story, but I was looking at them. And then a third guy, one of their friends, set on the edge of the, uh, stepped there and, uh, during half of the period of my, and nothing over the game they were watching again. Oh, yeah. Where to where, what was going on oblivious. Why are they there? Why are they there? The best thing about it, though, with the redneck, they kept yelling, kicking in the balls, kicking in the balls. And then the one guy goes, hey, shaming your balls. Everybody turn around and look at that. I'm gonna be happy to get up and leave. What does that tell you, yeah? Hey, we love you, Neil. Take care. And back to you. Yeah, I know some guys like that show me your balls. What does that say? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T Wireless line. We're just, we're gonna have a big sign up there at school board starting with the, when I come back next week. And it's gonna say, we're glad that you're here. We appreciate you bought it ticket to get enough. You want to screw around and pay no attention to the game. Go on in the lobby. We got a big beautiful lobby. I think maybe we ought to subsidize because Wayne's a little short on cash these days, without dying stock is and that auto nation, but maybe we wouldn't subsidize some, uh, benches out there. Some picnic benches. Few, uh, gigs of beer out there. Just go have a party out there. We don't want to take away your good time. We just want to watch the game. All two or three thousand of us who are interested. We would just like to watch the game. Thank you. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. You said something about Bill Clinton that you're still forming. I got news for you. This old Farts Forum, too. Uh-huh. We ought to get out and streak ourselves. Uh, it possible to be elected for us. There you go. Well, that's a good idea. Let's do a way when I think about it. Let's have Congress pass a lot of course. I'm running out of your top. We got this good Republican con. Oh, and put him in there for a third time. Is there any up buddy? I'm there. What's the equal two again? No. Uh-huh. Nobody out there got a good piece of your eye. You bet you're at. Okay. That's what Monica says. And of course, and go for you what, uh, what's your name said, too. She said it's crooked and the points off to the left to the far left. Paula. Oh, God. Larry, and that was some show that had on last night. What's the guy's name that wrote that new book down Jeffrey Tuban? That's his name. Tuban, Toban, whatever it is. And of course, it was a right wing conspiracy, but to me, do they don't want to tell you that because then that well, they don't want to seem too liberal, you know? They've been they've been doly, uh, right wing eyes by jury fall ball and all and Pat Robertson, all these other right wing assholes. I don't want to start saying fascist again because I'll get that talk all up said again, you know? I don't want to say that Ronald Reagan was a fascist or that George Bush Jr. is a fascist or that his brothers didn't even digger fascist or that Rudy Giuliani is an Nazi or that Ken Jenney is the biggest of them all. You know, Ken Jenney is an asshole. He's been doing it until Mossberg a lot of. And the best part of it is most people in the audience don't even know who Mossberg a lot of is. Which I think is great. That's a good sign. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing great? I'm talking about the, uh, April. Uh, I will start, uh, like, all law-blading citizens. I will start in Flag 570 and I did have a chance to, uh, notice, uh, this gentleman, you know, that was on television, which is right a lot of. He was like, he's an infant. Yeah. Yeah. Confidentation with the police. Huh? And then as soon as they happened to finish, he got in the phone and I lower my window and he was saying, I'll be heard and saying, Did you see me? Did you see me? I don't. What is this guy? So I see him. I see I know who the other guy is. It's incredible. Another thing when they were doing that, the administration and stuff, I did notice there was, uh, some, uh, American citizens with, uh, we had a conferber flag and a banner and says, A.N. Go home and the police stopped them. And I'm saying to myself, well, if these Cubans can do, can't minister, what can these people just express themselves, see that? Yeah. So I was, I was bashed and, uh, the American freaking way. Well, if you had a call, let's stop. We'd have gone down there and played Dixie for you. Okay? All right. Have a great day. We'd have gone down south. Dixie and played Dixie. Can you play Dixie? No. No. Can you play that? No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. Don't forget what George Bush Jr said, and all those other writers, they said, hey, well, leave it up to the people. South Carolina. If they want to have that Nazi, I mean, that Confederate flag up there. Which I don't know about you, but as I'm driving around the street to this town, realizing that we are way down here in the deep South and this penis, a little of the six down in the Caribbean. And I see these guys with their pickup trucks with those rebel flags on there. I think to myself, yeah. Yeah. Every time I see one, I think that's same thing. Yeah. Next my, uh, black dome bitch. But I twist its own. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I realize this isn't one of your best oldies shows or anything like that. But I keep hearing how funny that so-so king song is that commercial you did. Yeah. If you could play it, that would be wonderful. If not, if they don't get website maybe, I could hear about that. What I think the problem is, I just hear that is the funniest thing. Or, in fact, it's probably not on the website because it's on the last year's best of Neil or this year. It's on one of them. And I can order that on the website. Make sure, candyawajers.com. Okay, great. Thanks, we'd all- Thank you. Have a great weekend. See how you had Martin Luther Cooke. Okay, that's, that's great. 12.56.56WQM got. I feel like a human being almost- This is Sports Radio 560WQAM My Ami Fort Lauderdale. I'm going to play two goals or he has been insane. I was a robot, I got a doctor. I didn't write it in town, but he once joined there. But he just feels a bit of jitter-site. He just got a real thought, this is funny. Tell me, you'll ever be dying to come home. Tell me, you'll ever be happy to show ya. You would blow your way, get your little bunny, has some taste and bring me one to dinner, then do so now. Tell me, you'll ever be happy to show ya. Tell me, you'll ever be thinking of ya. He once will be your boy, can a smart job as right. You know, that Ricky would attract you whole ya. Tell me, you'll ever be really wants to do ya. Tell me, you'll ever be thinking of me. Yeah, and you're happy to die if you hold me I do fly. And Ricky, you watch your dinner and you go far. Tell me, you'll ever be, you'll ever be happy to give me a ya. And Ricky just brings every day to the area. He once used to, under bed, we won't be torn down. He once threw a table of fame to sing out. Tell me, you'll ever be dying to come home. Tell me, you'll ever be happy to show ya. You're the lady in Miami, hello. Hello. Hi, you're home. I'm doing great. Well, I just wanted to tell you that I started listening to you like today's ago. Here in my job. Great. And that I think that you're right. I really like you and I like how you are. You straight out. Well, I'm not so straight, but I am out. Okay. Yeah. I heard that. I heard that, but that's okay. Right. You still love you. That's right. All right. What do you think of Enrique Iglesias? So, but he can't think for sh**t. I think of him. I think back what I've said before about the best call of the year so far. Nice call to sweetheart. That was the best. Evidently a big Enrique friend. That was that. It's nasty. I think George put her up to that. I think you were responsible. Anybody that messes with Enrique and gets his step in five seconds. I don't want to hear this piece of crap on me. Oh. Oh. Call it. Call me sweetheart. I'm going to be a victim of the murder of a criminalized kid. This is a ripple. That was a. Oh, I'm sorry. Very wife for me. I'm sorry. Two black. Here's the best. The name of the baby. I'm finding. I know. I know. Okay. Here's a for a lot of the call. Hello. Yes. What's going on? How you doing sir? All right. I started listening to you when you first came on QAM. And we still there a week later. Yeah. It was like last week. So I heard your name like on the countdown that they were having the daily countdown. You had to go. Right. So I said, let me listen to you know. You never really introduce yourself. You know, I kind of like, I'm starting to pick things like you might be gay. Yeah. Right. You wish. Right. I'm not getting old. Right. What might be making a lot of money? You didn't really tell us that you you play somewhere else before you came here. Or how we all started. I didn't know that they didn't know. Did it be getting? Is that? I said have a great day pal. Okay. See. Okay. We don't have time for me to tell the whole story. I'm at least he's enjoying the show. He thought he's a little depressed about it. Obviously. Here's Palm Beach. Hello. You're great. Yeah. I just want to say, you know, bass and bass are listening to you show because you come on after the first team and just the fourth team comes on. Right. You know, you sell out of things that are like kind of a counter first. You also, you know what I'm listening. I like to call them. You know, challenge something to see. Right. In the process, I'm listening to them trying to, I'm still wondering in waiting. Like, what are you actually going to bring something to the table? Interviews. Yeah. We don't do interviews. You know, you're almost never have guests. This is my show. What do you mean bring something to the table? What I bring to the table is that he'll Roger show. We have people. If you laugh a little bit of provocation. Well, I mean, why do I want to be the same as everybody else's damn show? Why would I want to do that? Well, I actually take it from a different perspective. You wouldn't necessarily have sports guests. You know, I've seen now, here's another, you're a new listener, right? And already this is the fifth or sixth day of my initiation. And here's another guy that's programming the show for me. Yeah, I'm not programming the show. Of course you are. I don't want, what guest will you like me to have on? I used to have guest on. I used to do topics for years in this town. And was number one in doing that. And you know, something that was as boring as smelling paint. It was worse than that. Well, I'm not boring as eating vanilla ice cream. I'm not going to have a national. Who would you like to hear? I'm not going to have a national. But you know, then well, I'm going to have a national. I'm going to make it even worse because in this town, if you think there's interesting people interview and this down, give me a hundred names immediately. Come on, let's hear him. You got to see what you got to do. This is not a sports show. You got Wayne has seen it. Oh, this is not a sports show. I'm not going to get on. Wayne has been saying Wayne has been having a show. You don't come on this show. What you never know. There is, and I wouldn't have him on this show. I'm not going to come on here and look his butt. Why don't you get one or two interviews you got at home. I'll go these radio stations around here. And find out why that is, but you know, that I've, that he brought you over to the station in the first place. You wouldn't want to hear him. You could never get him. You could never get him. You could never get him to show. But anyway, what you think if we call him right now, he never return to call. Well, I don't know. The one call that didn't because he didn't know. Let me ask you something. Yes. Has the guy that owns this station or the manager does he have a show? No. Okay. Does she will have a radio show? She doesn't have a radio show. She needs to have a radio show. No, no. No, no. That was just for the football team. But does he have a radio show? Okay. Does Wayne, high-zinger have a radio show? No. Why don't you go to the radio? They're not entertaining. They're boring. They're boring people. I'm not saying they have to do the show every day. The glass is never going to be on the show. You could take listen. If you want to make some serious money, you can take it to the bank right now. Those people that you just mentioned will never ever be on the show. Let me just say that the call on the call before he any was kind of, I don't know. And so I'm in your or something. But he brought up a good point. I have a listening thing. But you never really need to clear to your audience in terms of what you format work. Well, of course, if you listen to the show, you find out it's just a free wheeling. And we just do it. It's what it is. It's not a format. Okay. I will be one of these callers that would definitely keep you up to you. Keep me on my toes. Excellent. Excellent. I don't like ass kisses. I like people like you that want to keep me on my toenails. I appreciate it. Okay. Thank you. I'll redo. I can't. If there's one thing that I have no respect for, it's ass kisses. I have friends of mine. I don't want to mention anybody's name on the ear. I have friends of mine who are very good friends. But they tend to be ass liquor. They start. Well, I don't want to mention remember by name. He's out of town. He can't defend himself. He tends to be because he's, you know, he works for the organism organization. And every, it's easy to kiss ass. And it's also easy to knock somebody when they're not around and then have them on a show for an interview and kiss their ass when they're writing in front of you. Anybody can do that. Now, well, what is that? That can't be heard. Are you serious? That's the real one. Here's that bitch in Gainesville. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. This is a long distance. So you better make it work my while. Well, better make it work your while. That's right. That's a big bitch. That's right. Yeah, closet listener is what we heard from daddy yesterday. He said you're a real pain in the ass. And you go to, he said when you're a gator when he told me that I knew you had a excuse. No, I'm a gator, but I'm a came also. So, you know, we're going to do double-birl. Yeah, you got real problems. Oh, I don't got no problems. So we can't talk to everything we said. You do? Yes. No, but it doesn't bother me. Fucking bitch. Yeah. Exactly. One more time. So you're up there today and you really miss him being down here here in the show, right? Yes. And I'll stop the emissions. Good hemorrhage talk today too, by the way. Hemorrhage and foot fetishes. You missed all the good stuff. Don't, isn't there anything nice you could talk about? No. No, not. We're not talking about no hockey. Okay, okay. We're talking about really mindly. I think you're losing hemorrhage. Take a second to the boards. Yeah. I don't think so. And how about you? I could take a check to the bank. I do every couple of weeks of big ones. Well, where's mine? Yeah, I don't know where yours is. In fact, I would look deep inside your coat. You might find it. I'll see you soon. Have a nice life sweetheart. Okay. Thanks for calling. Bye. Just like I said, just like this asshole will call him in a go about how to wisely you can take a big check and boring yourself, which he should live so long. And then the guy that called earlier on the morning show about, you know, what else can he listen to between 10 and 2. And then heard that Colvin, she was down here a few days ago complaining and belly ached about how gross and hemorrhage and so on. They can't turn it off for a lot of her money. And I know that. So if you think that you're fooling me, I've been doing this too long. You can't con a con artist. And if it makes you feel better that you protest like, oh, this is garbage and you would listen to how could you be calling me if you weren't listening to it? Why would anybody, I've asked this many, many times I'll ask it one more time. Why would anybody in their right mind? Anybody with even the most minute, most semblance of a life? Call any radio show and express their dislike for it. Instead of just reaching over and selecting any of the other six million choices that they might have are going and playing my junk or playing with themselves or doing whatever it is that they wanted to do. I mean, we're talking about people with very, very, very serious life deficiencies. People who are life challenged. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Welcome back to the air. Thank you, sir. I agree that clear John McIrgation's footsteps in the shame. Yeah. Now, could you please, could you play that phone call from his to fill Andrew, you had less last year? About one about him being in Los Angeles. Oh, yeah. Okay, it's coming right up. You know, six years ago, George, we had a really great call from Moji Puppac. Can we get that on right away? Okay. Palisess Tang in there. Show up in the throw sh**. Oh, oh, oh, the way must fill Henry, man. Do we miss him? We had a thing going on at station. All we need was a real morning show. I'm sorry. I mean, I'm sorry, sud. All we needed was a dynamic. If we had Bob and Tom in the morning, I could imagine George listening to me for one second. It would be a first. If we would have had Bob and Tom in the morning, who are not becoming syndicated and fill in the afternoon, could you imagine we would have had double digit cheers, even a fat boy would have been able to sell those shows. But thank God, we got to sell the apartment here. Well, are you alright about that? Woo! You are right about these guys. You know, you meet them in the beginning before I start. Here they all seem very nice and like very pleasant people and very friendly and very happy to have me here. And now we've only been here a week and I'm realizing that this is like, makes everything in the past, pale into winter significance. I mean, coolness and chulus. They haven't got any concept that will copy us about of what any of it is about. Much less selling any spot. You wouldn't want to buy no spots. We'll get an item fixed. So I have an ice date, oh, oh my God. They're going to take us back in those days of yesterday. When, you know, when QA and had those point twos. I mean, one might have big numbers, but we'll be selling it like those days. I mean, like those days. We'll be selling it like those days. We'll be selling it like those days. We'll be selling it like those days. We'll be selling it like those days. We'll be selling it like those days. We'll be selling it like those days. We'll be selling it like those days. We'll be selling it like those days. We'll be selling it like those days. We'll be selling it like those days. We'll be selling it like those days. We'll be selling it like those days. We'll be selling it like those days. We'll be selling it like those days. It's an apple celebration and they're all out on the street. See them on the sidewalk. Well, here's a shuffling and peeing. The $20,000 an apple, you know, an apple from May. The top of that good of people there, it's an apple from the rain. We got the asshole freedom. The asshole's son asshole could either. We have to go for guns asshole. Just the asshole's crime asshole's asshole asshole. And you're all right. You got asshole's making money. The making of the truth. Making our jobs. We have to kill and just buy a clue. The asshole's son's water asshole's son. He's not ever said he had a phone in it. He had no clue. Oh, he told me. If I really made a trade. My ass not flat. My ass not flat. Just another asshole on the rate. I'm gonna do it. I told him to get the orders. And I told him to throw the boat. And both get elected. Because I told him to throw. I wanted to hurt his friend. And all that told him I'm alive. And just laying your bed. And most of my videos. And both him wanted. And both of my videos. And both of my videos. And both of my videos. And both of my videos. And both of my videos. And both of my videos. And both of my videos. And both of my videos. I'm gonna do it. I should have been on what's your beef this morning. That would have been good. Boy, do I have a few beef today, baby? We don't want to get started on a negative note. Oh, man. Just in the last 24 hours. I got enough beef to fill up a goddamn encyclopedia. By the way, Erica, you're another one of my beef. I'm going to make the last color on the worst in this morning with her beef. Be in me, which is fine. I mean, if you don't like the show, I'm you got a lot of company. There's plenty of people don't like it. Can't handle it. Emotional cripples. But guess what's we heard? This is in the sports show. It never was. And it's never going to be. And I told you that the very first self same day. And guess what? It's also not a sports station anymore. They haven't figured that out yet. And some of the promos and whatever. But it's not a sports that all sports. It's mostly sports as in 20 out of 24 hours. Which is five, six, which is a hell of a lot, 80 over 80%. What is that? 83%. Something like that? Who knows? And more than enough. Trust me when I tell you more than enough. Believe me when I, especially in this market, much more than enough. So Erica, I hate to break the news to you sweet art. But before you start squeezing your clasped me back to tight. Don't get all bent out of shape because I didn't come here like on a wing and a prayer. Begging on my knees for a job. They heard me to come here and do the neorodier show. Absolutely not a sports show. Because sports, I know this may come as a real shock to you sweet art. But it only appeals like on a steady diet of it to a very narrow number of people out there. To a narrow segment, especially in this town, which is basically as far as sport and most other things Concert for running phones. Erica, but have a nice life sweetheart. But in any rate, you know, see, I did hear early in the end. In fact, we were still in here. I was in this room and heard another one of the emotional cripples. You know, for all these macho, including the women out there, these dikes who are big in the sports. All these macho people that are allegedly listening to the station. We got more emotional cripples. It's terrifying to me. First it's the language. Oh, it's so cruelly. So disgusting. Oh, yeah, they're offended. They can't turn it off and they're still listening right now. Every damn one of them, but they're offended. That's number one. And number two, this emotional cripple that calls yesterday. And Madness was going on about he's been out of town and who's Neil been Rippin and what has he been saying? And the guy calls it's, well, you know, he reprints his Diana. I thought this guy was going to break into tears. And Madness said, well, I can easily understand that, especially with the, you know, the selling tickets to go see her grave site and stuff. They got to say, yeah, but she did a lot for the poor. I mean, doesn't, I know you don't want to think about this folks. It is a downer. I don't want to be a downer really early in the morning. We try to have a few laughs here, but I do try to force some people to take a look at reality. Did not for too long because it's an ugly thing. And then just let's go back and have a few. Yeah, but I mean, doesn't it terrify you that there are so many people with that same idiotic mentality? She did a lot for the poor mother Teresa for whom I had no love to say the very best, but nevertheless, that wrinkled up old prune bitch, nevertheless mother Teresa allegedly devoted her entire adult life into helping the poor the downtrot and the needy, the desperate, the disease, the what mother Teresa died the same weekend as Diana, a couple of days later as a matter of fact. All wrinkled up in the shrub of a three-peat tall over there in India with all the slippers, the slippers and the lepers and how much time did she get? Are they paying to go see mother Teresa's grave if she's got one if they didn't just burn the thing and put it through it in the sea somewhere? Nobody gave a flying crap about mother Teresa because she was a wrinkled up old bag. Who wasn't slain, was her? Huh? She wasn't a snappy dresser. And guess what? She wasn't being followed by the paparazzi either. She wasn't, you never saw mother Teresa on a front of the tabloids. The inquire and the globe, the tatler and the star never had no big inside scoop on mother Teresa. There were no naked pictures of mother Teresa on a yacht somewhere, sailing with some big Greek or Arab maggot as in the case of Aristotle onassus or this dooby dooby, whatever his name on, I mean get serious already. Maybe there were doing a few dooby dooby's on the yacht. Maybe that was the problem or not enough is the case maybe. Although he was in a much more exotic thing that Arab bastard. But at any rate, I mean is it difficult for you to understand that Diana, Princess of nothing, was basically nothing and all of these wonderful charitable things that she did were scheduled for her. Do you think that Diana really had a great social conscience about landbinds? Do you think that she was really very concerned about all the innocent kids and people who are going to get killed by landbinds? Because the world is a slaughterhouse? She auctioned off her dresses. Right. Well she's just like that spick over their adoption and it's a sell them off all the furniture from that houseboat. Oh, he's talking about them. How do you know that? You're right. You're right. Of course he is. So what's wrong with that? It's America. It's for enterprise. It's just like you'll do shit. By the way, great column. And I never read the hero. But it happened to be sitting outside. I came in here really early this morning. Carl Heisen for whom I have the lowest regard by the way. So overrated with all of his alligator stories. But has a great column about the immigration priorities are warped and right next to was a big thing. Red carpet for Duke, do shit, a sore point. So they're finally starting to get the message that this whole thing. And it ties in with what I said about this, this, this, idolization of mediocre and even people who aren't even mediocre. People who are less than mediocre. Who would you do to live for the poor? Okay. So does that mean that they had a, I can understand the British and have no problem at all understanding that they've always been very silly people. And they continue to be the silliest people who are desperately locked into this archaic monarchy crap. They can't escape from it. They're going to trap no matter how much they would like to escape from it. So she at least represented them in almost human part of that monarchy. She was almost somebody they could like, oh, here's a real person. But for the rest of the world, including this idiot that called Mad Dog yesterday, to get all this issue with it so much for the poor and his ripeter. I wasn't ripping the people that are getting all bent out of shape like he was. Who gives a flying crap about Diana even Robert Duval and that work wasn't in such a big hurry to talk to you. I remember saying I'll get back to you. Diana, he wasn't an old big hurry to talk to that bitch. When are your people going to get with it? Oh, but isn't it going to be a sports show? Can we hear a little more about the you come? Yeah, I got some sports stuff to talk about. It's called the big choke. I'm going to land on the pollo baracn. He was staying right now. Yes sir. I was cooking my breakfast thing on the second. Hey, I'm going to see the last one. What did he drink? No, I heard him. But you know, his first desire to think. Yeah. You know, it's people. They're so simple as they can. It shouldn't even have a job. I mean, I mean, I bet you should have somebody to fish for her in the morning. I mean, she didn't. She also did a lot of puke and two which kept her. I've got to have her on a troll. I did it just unbelievable. And mother Teresa, you know, you look at you look at all the stuff she's done through a whole life. Well, supposedly, but I mean, I just use that as an example because she croaked the same weekend and you know, they gave her 20 seconds every couple of hours. Just as lip service because nobody cared about that. This business. Oh, well, she did all these good things. There are there are many thousands, maybe millions of people around the world who do far better things than Diana ever dreamed of doing. And nobody ever hears of them. And no matter how and when they die, there won't be any parade. There won't be any gigantic ceremony. There won't be anything on CNN or MSNBC or CNBC. Or any other guy at the place of the BBC because it's a pile of horse crap. And for the American public or anybody else outside of England to get all wrapped up in it and good all in the weeping and emotional. There must be something wrong. There is not must be. There is something desperately wrong with the public. I mean, talk about having too much idle time on your hands. Well, you said it better than I could. Have a great day. I agree. How is it possible for there to be so many stupid people in this world? Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer. And you're listening to it. And go for weekday after minutes or two. Sports radio 560 QA L. For everybody getting to know that you've been in. For however long it been. We're not gonna bring fucking your second chin. Everybody in the country. Come on and fight over to the middle. For the middle. There's nothing deaf like me. I'm deaf like me. I'm deaf like me. I'm deaf like me. Come on and take the death that is the suggestion. And listen to the shuffy, what total turn about. Oh, don't turn around. Shake your finger at me. And see how good they'll be. Everybody. Doesn't matter. Come on everybody, don't let them. Come on everybody, don't in the front of the day When you start to fade and the public is swaying A free train and stage of bombing rain Everybody do the cooking Come on and fire over to the middle Over to the middle Wraiting up and step by I'm gonna have to lie Lean it to the left little I'll lean a lot to the right Bend over and make dinner everybody Happy everybody Now let the other guy lean To the other guy Try a feeling that we're going to bring another Going in everybody And step up Fist there Back to the It was harder than your plans You must With the right hand Sharking down Now dare with a face You can't stand You can't stand All the shoes are You can't stand You can't stand You can't stand I don't want to be a middle Over to the middle Wraiting up and step by I'm gonna have to lie I'm gonna have to lie I'm gonna have to lie Now lean a lot to the right And now all the other Formatic by step Formatic by step So fall the number need All the rest of the Start to feel the little Little little little little Little little little little Now let the other guy lean To the other guy lean To the other guy lean Up to the dart Walk out It will remember When you left You're just like your mama's baby, you're not your problem. Do everybody do the best. Well, you either will or will, or will. It's up to him or he is. Everybody do the best. Do the best. I'm on and do the best. Do the best. Do the best. I'm on and do the best. Do the best. Do the best. I'm on and do the best. Do the best. Do the best. Do the best. Do the best. Do the best. Do the best. Do the best. Do the best. Do the best. Do the best. Do the best. Do the best. Do the best. This is the real Roger Show. This is your brain. Any questions? Here's no Western. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Those gypsies and Italy. They're the same ones to come over here and steal our wallets in the mall. No. They're different gypsies. They're different gypsies. What? They're the same family. They're all related. No, they are. Yeah, I had one of them trying to rent my house once. He pulled up in a Mercedes. He was real smooth, talking to like 12 people in the car. He was just buying all my appliances. I got a little nervous. Yeah. Did you see the guy who shot that guy in the parking lot? The guy who shot this guy in the parking lot? The security guard. The security guard. The shot that guy over a parking space. Oh, that happened zero all the time. That's not a great guy. Yeah. Well, you know, on the news, they were talking to all the people in that shopping center. And they were all saying how this guy was a time bomb. How he was a, no, this was going to happen. Right. They're happy. He's gone. The next day in the Harold, they were talking about this guy. He got the most Christmas gifts. He was beloved. There were a lot of different stories with this with the same thing. Right. Well, it's just like this L. Duche story. In the same with in the same newspapers, there were read all these glowing stories about wonderful this is and this liberation of this wonderful guy who's been screwing over over there because his brother implicated him in this thing about the flee in the country. And yeah, yeah, yeah, de body and kicked off an national team. And now he's going to come here and drink, live the American dream and make all this month. And then the same paper if you turn later on, you'll read the real story about how what a rip off it is and about how all these other people and Carl Heisen's got a story in a column today and toward the end he talks about a woman in Cuba that he had met. And she's a doctor and she specialized in caring for children and the elderly. And she was given by the Cuban government, a salary equivalent about five dollars a month. Five dollars a month and he makes the point that she under no circumstances, whatever be allowed to be coming to this country, never be granted a visa. And if she had been one of those eight people who washed up into Bahamas, they would send her ass back there and she went up going to Castro's jails. Yeah. So these people, it's this idol is, you know, it's so frustrating to me because most of these jocs are morons. They're scumbags, they're crass, they're crath, they're garbage. Yeah, white beaters and drug addicts and garbage and yet these people with this jock mentality like Tyson and like Michael Irvin and all these other it makes no difference what they do, the jock mentality people, they still admire them and they subsidize them and a paid or a support them. There's something wrong here man. Something very, very wrong. In fact, they left one guy behind there that I saw in the news and he was even speaking English. He should get in. There you go. I'm going to call my wife at Dishback. Well, I'm telling you, you're a home and garden network, love and douchebag. And I'm going to do Speng. Okay, have a great take. I'll be a bit of a cheat. I'll be a bit of a cheat. Let's go to a keywast, tell us. Yes, deal. Yes. I'm one of your biggest fans. But why aren't you ripping the assholes on your station? I'm so angry. He was much too kind to the ex-jocks and Jim Mandage has lost his sense of humor. Jim Mandage is great. Jim Mandage is gone. No, no, he was. He was far. Jim Mandage is great. Yeah, but he lost his sense of humor and he's become a surly Serbian ethnic cleanser. I think that you should rip all these guys. Oh, sure. You're another one that's going to call it. Tell me what I should be saying. Is that it? No, no. But that's what you're doing now. You should rip Manage and you should rip off. I'm not going to do my opinion as I think Manage is great. You'll find out for yourself. I'll find what I'm. I'm what you'll find out that Jim Mandage has lost his sense of humor. Okay, you've become a surly Serbian ethnic cleanser. Jim Mandage. You've turned. You've turned. You've turned. You've turned. You've turned. That's man. You've turned. You've turned. You've turned. Get out. You've turned. Get out of here already. Where you. Man, oh man, go back to New York. I'm telling you the worst drugs. Why do they keep giving them air credit? You know, Julie. Nothing to do with Julie. And they got all the drugs out in the earth. And they sent him here. That's why the city's a lot better shape. Now that I used to be. They got all those swell out of there. And they sent it down here. Like this guy. Go back to the Bronx. Okay, maybe Nikki Mandel will come back from the dead and hit a home run over your head. Get out of here, pal. Get lost. Maybe Luke Garig will come back for one more big one for one more consecutive game for one more being the luckiest man under the earth. Here's a mobile info lottery. Hello. Yes, sir. Thanks for telling the truth about sunny bone alive and sick to death all this. Adulation. He's the first class jerk. He's on the x-white chair. Right. He seems so much. He won't even mention his name. Right. I mean, you know, somebody dies. It's always unfortunate. And especially if it's a celebrity of any kind. I mean, to get a little more attention. But to carry on and you'll enjoy this guy like this guy was all he was such a great member of Congress and he was such a great human being. And of course such a great pioneer and television of the great singer. This guy was mediocre at best. Well, he ran from there. Palm Springs. He's the one that led the way on cleaning up the spring break stuff. They copied it in four lottery day after him. Right. Give all the one people out of there. Right. There was one great scene I watched on TV and Southern California where they were actually loading women who were wearing thongs because he told the cops to arrest. Any women in thongs out on palm can and drive in Palm Springs during spring break. Yeah. Eight off a little bit proud. They were loading him into patty wagons. And of course the guys who already outnumbered the spring break. Partyers who already outnumbered the women three to one. They were angry because more of their women were getting taken away. And they were going to have to end up getting drunk and doing it with their buddies that night. Yeah. But there's actual peace barricades along there. There's a riot situation just about to happen. And Sunny shows up like Marshall Bill and he's most known with this angry guy across the police line right on live TV. And he says, we don't want your kind around here. Don't you get the message and the guy responds, I own this damn hotel and it's your cops who are causing the trouble. Beautiful. And I mean, this is just a picture of the angry snarling right wing Republican crap. Well, I think it's just that he wound up with a bull-back daughter, don't you? Yeah, you know, she's a really good spokesperson. She's the front person now for the media group that counters stereotypes in the media and when she comes out and makes things. I think she's to be the real person to not she's the front person. Well, so ironic about that is actually she was that little girl that grew up on TV in front of all of us. Right. And I mean, now she is the spokesperson just bringing home the fact that eight people are America's sons and daughters. And while crazy pop show host two. There you go. All right, how do they think? Thanks a lot, but yeah, there's a lot of us bags out there. You know, not Troy, ain't no, no, not Steve Young. Not funny, but he's all. He's got it. Wow, wow. What's up? So Rock and Roll, two thousand girls. Two hundred, three hundred, three hundred. We're not to be out of five to ten, Steve. You decided to come out, actually. You had a group. I'm still a tree, he got in your way. Yeah. Well, we'll see. I like how I said at least he got the Kennedy's out of our hair again. It's gone, almighty. That probably nobody else watches MSNBC. So whenever I bring that up in John Gibson and all those big, John Gibson at least is okay. That's some other people on that network who are so marginal that they're embarrassing at best and they do these real, real, soft, more at interviews, but it's the Kennedy's in John Beney and the Kennedy's some more and maybe Bill Cosby for the well, that's over now. And just they just take things in a hammer room and a hammer room and even the hammer never hammered them so much. God are they bad. I noticed the incredible response on that Diana business. There is no response, which means that either everybody agrees with what I said and you know that 99% of the people are listening right now and everybody else beside got wrapped up in that thing and was just the tears were flowing and they really believe that this was one of the major events of our time, which it was not. But there is anybody out there who's got the co-homes to want to discuss it, debate it, disagree because it's much easier to call off mad dog mad. It's just, well it's picking on poor Diana and she helped the poor. Okay. Here's a pop in. Hello. It came out by the answer. Yes sir. Welcome you back to the reason I was calling. I'll talk with you about Diana. I thought that she was deserving of everything, the funeral on that type of stuff. I can understand your point of view. But at the same time she was deserving of it based on one. I think the British people are a lot of people around the world felt story for her that they thought that she was a fairytale marriage. Everybody thought it was going to be and then they just wound up that the British hierarchy there decided to freeze her out. She didn't sit in and Charles cheating on herself. I don't know if she was going to change the British monarchy and things like that. And at any time somebody, I'm 30. How was she going to change the British monarchy? She was no longer even a part of the, they stripped her of her real high. Right. She wasn't a part of the real family anymore. How was she going to change the monarchy? Wow. She was in the 80s and the early 90s while she was still married or they were still together. They thought to do is hope that they were going to bring the British monarchy to the modern era. I mean, I'm 37 myself. But what's that point I'm trying to make you is the British monarchy is such an inequitism that it's embarrassing. And like I said before, the British I can understand and wailing and carrying on and getting all better shape because there are a bunch of very silly people anyway who have no concept of what the real world is all about until Germany starts dropping bombs and then they come running for us to bail them out. But other than that, why would the rest of the world care? She was not an important person outside of England. Oh, yeah. I was a great, great person. I mean, you're like, look, what's in my Jackie Kennedy died, who was the wife of a president, okay, who was married to a rich oil, maggot, okay, oh, NASA's. Was there any kind of, I mean, it was on the news for like 30 seconds, then anybody shed any tears that anybody carry on today, my human. And I thought I'm saying she deserved it. But the point is she was American. Okay, but she was part of American history. Nobody carried on when she crowed. Okay, but let me point this out about Jackie on NASA. Now this is, I was way too young to remember this, but we she went to France. If I'm not mistaken from what I've seen of the biography shows on any or whatever, she went to France in 1962, whatever with the president, the French just gone over there. Yes, I know how much you love the French. But the thing was that she was a very charming woman. She was an elegant looking girl and people were taken by that. And that's what happened with Diane. But that's my point. So she just got through Diane and she was not all that old. I mean, she wasn't an old bag. She got a cancer, whatever was Jackie Kennedy. There was no anything here. And I'm going to tell you, you aren't old enough. But when, when President Kennedy died, when he was assassinated, the ceremony and the things that took place in this country, pailed into insignificant, it wasn't even close to what went on with this Diana business and it's still going on with selling these dolls and the pictures and selling tickets to see her where she's buried. I mean, this is, this is mass madness. This is how it will would say. This is insanity. All right, but the only reason that people got caught up with it is because the media, the media was there to spin it and convince them that this is a major event all over the world. Right, but I get away from it. And I you mentioned Howard Bill, what did Howard Bill have? He had a fourth television that worked. 1962, 1963, when Kennedy died, there were three major American networks. There was no global communications or whatever. Diana, I mean, she traveled the whole world. And it's just, that's how communications is. It's a big difference between 97 and 63. I realize that I mean, I'm not taking her side. I'm not taking your side, but, you know, the thing is that it's the way the world is nowadays. Whether it's a mother. Maybe we really believe what you just said. So let me tell you that when when Lee Harvey Oswell was shot and killed by Jack Ruby, yep, I saw it live on a Sunday on NBC television. So if you think that the cameras weren't all there and that's a three major networks weren't there, forget about the rest of the world. In this country, they all had the technical ability to be there and carry on about it as much as they wanted to, but it was nothing like this. And I'm going to tell you one of the reasons why, because back in the 60s, this whole celebrity business was nowhere like it is today. We didn't have inside addition. We didn't have all these tabloid newspapers. We had nothing that compares to this obsession, this sickness in the world today and especially in this country with these celebrities and with athletes. It's a madness. Right. Well, the thing was in the 60s when the Beatles came about there was the first international celebrities, whether it was athletics or entertainment or whatever. They were the first international celebrities and that opened the door. You're absolutely right. And you were talking about MSNB people. But the Beatles were popping over the bunch of screaming little teenage girls. The Beatles weren't, how about when John Leonard got killed, okay? To me, John Leonard was at a finding moment of my generation. All right. But when he got shot and killed in New York, did they carry on for weeks? And did we have a big state funeral? And did they, I don't think so? No. But then again, Diana. Even when frickin' Elvis croaked on the toilet, okay? Right. Even though we got all the silly women still running a grace land, even when the king croaked. There wasn't that Simis going on like this. But then again, Leonard was not in any way shape before part of government. And then I had to Diana was where she was recognized as the princess. And when I get about that time, I'm not trying to tell her. And then I had nothing to do with government head to do with her celebrity stand. No, no, no, no, no. The only thing I had to do with is you're right about that. And in court, with that you should croaked tomorrow, which might not be a bad idea. If she croaked tomorrow, I can assure you that there will be no odd pouring of emotion carrying on in Britain or elsewhere. And she was the leader of government. Right. I understand that. And in closing. Yes, sir. It's a boundary that MSNBC, which is not I watch it maybe for the big show half an hour. How they can put I'm a sign in the morning. Absolutely a star one. And like watching a dead man try to, you know, continue doing his career. You think by now he would have made enough money. He can go off and get another heart transplant or something and live the rest of his life. But this guy, it's very sad to me because I was a huge jimmy span. He was a very funny guy. Right. Up until he took his absence in the 70s. He came back and he went downhill from there. I remember what the 9th is in the early 70s. But NBC itself. I mean, you see they have date wine and BC on every night. And they have an MSNBC time and again and they rerun date. Oh, every day. Oh, they got to be basically they got three. They've got some other spinoffs to but they got CNBC. They got MSNBC in the regular MSBC. See, see they got all this time. They're going off. They're going off. Oh, they have that to them. Yeah, because they're going to be. Actually, God, maybe my GE stock will go off. Oh, God. And that's all they do. It's like, what could we do about John Bernay Ramesh? What could we do about OJ? John Bernay. All over and over and over and over and over and over. All right, they found it. Thank you, bye. Yeah, MSNBC could be very enjoyable and could be really great but it's not. Hey, how the hell are you? Welcome to Jack in the box. I'm Jack. You know, I'll be happy to fill your order, you know what I mean. I'd like a Jack burger to large fries. Sorry, pal, we're cleaning the grease fryer. We don't have any French fries today. Okay, the just give me a smaller order of fries please. Love cheese. Maybe you didn't hear me. I said, we don't have any fries today. I don't have that something else. Okay, then just give me an order of fries. Listen up, pal. Who put the straw and straw, Barry? Then you did that, right? Nature did. Who put the apenate per cost? Nature did that is right, nature did. Now listen carefully. Who put the freak in French fries? Uh, there ain't no freak in French fries. That's what I've been trying to tell you but breath right. No freak in French fries. Now get out of my sight before I shut your teeth so far down. You're f***ing f***ing throw. You'll have to sit on a Jack burger to eat it. Oh, have a nice day. Two eggs, God, the coach. The Jimmy Johnson show would change in the hammer. Two eggs, five. All season long. Here on Sports Radio 560, QAN. We want to hear from some of those simple women that came out about Diana because it was mostly the women you recall who just went eight shot over Diana. And I have an upset with anyone who gets to wear a T-R. Was that it princesses or mis America or anything like that or bride? Roach T-R-R. What is these earrings? Is that the way you go with it? I mean, let's get serious already. Will you? They silly women who carry on to get all the emotional and wild over and much to do about nothing. When what's your name dies from B. Witch? You lose a bit of a thumb drummer. Who might love? She was great and she was also an activist. She was involved in all kinds of good things. Charity, great person. I mean, it's a miracle if you even heard about it. And I just picked her out of the ear. I mean, you don't even have to think hard to find all kinds of women and other other people who have been very popular celebrities. People who have done good charity work. People who have been really admire. But in this particular instance, man, just to convince us and we'll get in however, hysterical and excited you want us to get, we'll go right ahead and do it. I can bang away on this from Natalie and the time. And you want to know why? Because it's a, all of a sudden somebody said, you know what? You're full of crap. And hey, you know what? You're probably right. But that movie network, let me tell you, and I hate to keep dwelling on that. No, I don't hate to dwell on it. Because Patty Tri-Ski was the genius of our time. And when he died, nobody even knew who the hell he was. Much less had a big parade and a celebration and a big funeral ceremony. And even Elton John didn't make any songs about it. Good bye Patty Tri-Ski. I wouldn't have, you know, wouldn't have sounded too good. But he was right. It's a three ring circus man. And the TV people have taken over the brains of the entire goddamn world. They tell you what's important and they either build it up. And they just keep banging and banging and banging away. Oh, my God, it's like, oh, this is really important crap. There was nothing important about it. There was another car accident. People far more valuable than the human race than Diana, die every day in car wrecks and whatever else. People more important than Michael Kennedy and the or Sonny Bono, get killed every day in all kinds of unfortunate accidents. And nobody even ever hears about it. People with a thousand times more to contribute to the goddamn human race than any of those three above that I just mentioned. I always think in day, but because they're not celebrities because the media doesn't decide that they should inundate you with all this crap. And I'm telling you again, it started the change in our lives. I'm talking about the entire electronic media controlled world was OJ. That's it. I mean, once court TV was there of course, which now immediately came on everybody's cable system because they don't want to see OJ. Once they were there to cover it live, once that idiot Lansito let the court, the cameras in the courtroom and once the whole world was just immisbarized with OJ. OJ every day, that was the beginning. I mean, we had, you know, we had bits of that before, but nothing like this. And then once OJ was finally over and then of course we had the civil trial. But once all of that was finally over, we had to have something to replace it. There has always got to be something now. Whether it's John Bene, whether it's Andrew Kuhnenen, no matter what it is, whether it's the goddamn babysitter up there, the old pair, which nobody ever even knew what an old pair was. Whatever it is, they decide for you, this is the most important goddamn thing going on. And that's why nobody cares about the fact that Susan Smith drowned or two kids in the back of her car. Nobody cares about that one. Nobody ever heard one more word about the kids that killed a baby in the dumpster up there in New Jersey where in the motel. So they take that, yeah, that doesn't happen every day. Nobody cares, but Diana. Woo! And those poor kids without a mother. Even that sub-tublets story, man, they can't talk it away on, seriously, many of the time I'd be at home watching that I happen to be in town when that crap was going on. And I found myself screaming at the TV because no matter which channel you tune on, there was another story about the goddamn set of tupplets. And as this was some wonderful thing with these fertility drugs, let's start reproducing like rabbits. And we were donating everything to them, getting all this free nature and gifts certificates. Right. What they should have done was they should have started the cast rate. They should have cast rate and him right off the bat just to make sure they're ain't no more. Since they already had at least one before that. For utility drugs, the wonder of having seven babies all the gun. On less than. There wasn't the drugs that was gone. Oh, that's right, sir. How's the mother Mary doing by the way? She's still hanging out over there. A rose a low peasant. She over the bank in Tampa. Oh, she's under way off. Window at the bank building and crazy people from all over are coming to see the mother Mary up there in that little town in Georgia. Where would it have always where she hangs out? Why don't you go to New York? Why doesn't mother Mary show up in Times Square for Christ? Where somebody might see her and put her on TV instead of on the side of some of obscure bank building over there in Clearwater over the holidays. Or she's lost. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. It's funny that you're saying about how they control the media and how they decide what is news about some of to go in the front setting on like page eight. The front of mine showed me that we never went into nuclear war in the beginning of 1995 because we had set up a tried and like little. About kind of like it's just a sample of a war by us. Right. But a little bit too close to solving it, you know. So the so-called it's actually two stops away from from starting nuclear war. Oh, I could of course, two years later it ends upon page five of the newspaper. Yeah. You know, and well, I want to use celebrities involved. So I'm pretty excited to pass the news on the front page. I mean, it's ridiculous. The one thing that I wanted to see saw was the fact that Greg came into fight and knocked it out of a cruise ship. No flags in Brent. No, no. This is sports radio 560 Q a M.