Sports Radio 560 WGQAM Miami Force Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show, the coach who is a show called 566-056-P.T.O. Free for David Rarrer, or pound 560 on your cell phone, the opinions of Neil his guest, co-workers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WGQAM, easily re-nespositions or the measly broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560 QAAM, I like the weewee. We have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a great fun, and we both have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a great full of fun, and really good, and we have an awesome fun, and we also have a lot of fun and we also have have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we have a lot of fun, and we are really, really, for pictures of those kids, and we are really very much ada. You thought that you were, you just beat my son. The guy's up to three times. You know how that's been looked up. You thought that they'd be with those days, you got it. Oh, right. 10.03.05.60. You're WCM happy Wednesday too. Wow, what a great day for the Irish man. I love it. You sure why. John McCain is the Irish? No, I love it. Hell yeah. Look at that Georgie Dumbledore boy. Sure, God problems. Doesn't make sure he just couldn't win a fixed election. Except with those young who's in South Carolina. Spend it about $30 million whatever they spent. But at any rate, we'll talk about that a little bit later on. We're really heavily politically these days aren't we? No, no. Anyway, speaking of our pool. This is great. I hope that beefo is still in the building with the monitor. The real loud. You think he's listening? Oh, he fell. He's got his headway up John Henry's ass. We asked on our poll questions on our website, Neil Rogers.com yesterday. Would you approve of spending tax dollars for a new baseball stadium in South Florida? Yes or no? 41 people said, 344 people said, No. 385 votes, that's pretty heavy duty. In about 22 hours, that's not too bad. 89.3% said, No. And only 10.6% said, I must be crazy. I must be not. How do you like that? You have a got a Chinaman's chance in purgatory John Henry. Let me take it right now. No matter how much beefo sucks your ass, I notice this morning and the show is sucking red coat days ass. The must be. The third one must be ass sucking up for beefo. You think? Oh, must be. He should get in his looks. I'll tell you that. Even sister Jean ain't getting this many. I don't think. 344 to 41. So the obvious question is, is it even worth wasting the tax dollars to print just for the ink to print it on the ballot to put that on there assuming that they would get the signatures that they needed this November? Which I don't see anything going on about that either, do you? Have we seen any petition drive going on? Or anybody talking about putting that on the ballot? I don't know what the deadline might be, but I should not see anything going on about it. Oh, no. So don't even waste your time John Henry because you have two chances of getting the public to go along with tax dollars to build you a new baseball stadium. None and much, much less than none. Zero. There is absolutely no interest in them, are there? Anyway, and secondly, the public finally is caught on. I think that this past July, July and 99, I think we finally saw the public starting to wake up and stiff the depotals. When they give a big resounding vote to Mayor Pinga Picania and his petty sales tax for his metro fail and all the other pseudo transportation crap, they said, stick it up your ass. Alex. And I think he did is what I'm hearing. And I think that was the beginning of a long series of negative votes every time they try to pull the wool over ours again and pedal to public a bunch more tax crap. And by the way, I just put it out in passing that they still owe $40 million on the old Miami arena, the white elephant that's sitting there for blocks away from the new Mickey Harrison arena. And when I read George the thing from the Harold editorial this morning, I'm going to read the second ear. Immediately popped up with a right answer, and that is that Mickey Harrison owns the Harold blocks dock in Burrell. And that is absolutely correct. Correct. That's why the Harold is so anti-gambling. That's why the Harold is so good at the two shoes. That's why the Harold was so in favor of that American Airlines arena, and every other goddamn thing. That Mickey Harrison wants. They have no problem at all with the man who's safe and is the money out of this community. He's like a dream, like a non-stop dream, sucking the blood, like a vampire on the day county, sucking the life blood out of his town. Contributing absolutely nothing, nothing, zero, zippity, do-da. And it's really interesting how they keep putting these articles very right recently about, wow, I need to understand this. Some crews to three, and this one and that one, all these other gambling ships are evil. But whatever Mickey does, that's okay. Are these people kidding anybody with a brain? No. No. And of course we all remember when they were in bed with Mickey Harrison and they are pinker, a pecania putting this thing over on the public. And again, another one of these bogus elections, if you were against it, if you're for it, vote no. They twisted the verbiage on it. The whole thing didn't smell right anyway. It was kind of like screwing, something didn't smell right. And put the wall over the eyes of the public again with the help of, but what was the one saying they're Tony Ritter? Who is that interesting that he also has flown the coupe now. They all run off to the silicone value over there. They're herald people. They scrub this town and they do their little, drop things all over us and then they kind of vanish. But I thought that David J. Neals common, yesterday about Mike Verdon and the hero, were the worst that I could ever possibly read, but the hero never lets you down. They never disappoint. After we do the break, I'm going to read just very briefly. Take about 30 seconds from their lead editorial this morning. This is the worst swill. And this should tell you everything you need to know about where the hero is coming from. You are fooling absolutely nobody. You grave robbing bastard you. And by the way, to see what tremendous cloud you've got. And they also endorsed by the way, remember they endorsed Mayor Pingo Peking's penny sales tax and a public said, oh, pick it up your ass. And then they wrote that editorial, chastising the public. Oh yeah, well you didn't go along with it. So you're going to write up a screw sitting there in a highway and but it'd be better but above and a public said, ah, to you. Okay, that's what they said. Ah, you could hear it to the hairless. Because that's one thing that most of us haven't come in a matter of what else we came from, what religion, what ethnic, what anything. Schlepper's millionaires, anybody with a brain hates the hairless. Oh, because they suck. And at radio stations, they were promoting on their front page with very jackass. Yeah, how they doing? They're shopping the ratings yet. Oh, six months later. No, not one diary. Here we are. It's the late February of the year 2000. They put that format on August 1st. Very jackass at a 500 part series promoting that radio station to try to knock us down. Put it on the front guy that paves the hairless. Not one diary, any demographic, any day part, any, anything. They don't exist. See your time is up, you assholes over there. They're holding your full an opening. But this set of twirls that they frame it. Save it. Save it. Save it. Look at that. That too. It's 10 after 10 at 5 60 WQM. No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQM. No, we read acquisition court. How much be crazy? I must be not. Georgie Bush said that his nose is clean and never put up in it. Has he running for the widehouse so he just cares his manner? So drunken that's not all even down a few three balls. How can he drug with you? He didn't drug some Mexico. Why will George just come out and simply say he did it? He precise the press with shut them out. So if some year got them to do. He did more than watch his thing. But he watched it down the scene. And he preferred okay to have. That's the question that he does. And he made your point much clearer. Like a razor on a mirror. But he wants the two beys. That he didn't do anything. Georgie Bush said that his nose is clean and never put up in it. Because he's running for the widehouse. He just asked him to do it. Georgie's pretty Georgie's pretty Georgie's pretty. 1015 at 5.50 WQM. Come on one more time. Anyway, he's got real problems. Georgie in fact, the Republican party that kind of like self-destructing before our eyes. Because this whole deal yesterday, which there are the ones that set up the rules. And then some of them like John Angler there in Michigan. Well, maybe I made a mistake. But I made a terrible, and well, that's the way it goes. When you set up a Republican primary in 51% of the people who come out and vote are independent and Democrats. And a lot of them hate John Angler like Poison, the governor of Michigan. And also a lot of them are coming out to screw up a whole thing in the first place. Then you got no big of blame. But yourself. Interesting point by the way before I get to that brilliant hero editorial. 22 states have primaries between now the end of March. 12 have the same open rules as Michigan, but unlike Michigan, all of those states hold simultaneous democratic primaries. And McCain will not only have to face Bush, but also Bradley and Gore said have been so on for that. Democrats independent and he's got no chance with them. That's in other words, it's a whole different ball of wax. And in addition to which California and New York, did they have the same rules? No, so most of the delegates are going to go to Bush, barring someone for a same miracle. Another Republican to get real anti because they realize that McCain is a far better candidate than Bush against Gore in November. But McCain's probably not going to win the nomination. So they're between a rock and a hard place because they got George E. W. And they're fighting out that everybody hates George E. W. Like Poison said Pat Robertson, and that's another reason why more and more people hate George E. W. is because of Pat Robertson and those phone calls and because Pat Robertson's, well, you know what he is. He's an asshole. Although that's point out again, the Gary Bower endorsed John McCain. I just mentioned that in passing for those who really believe that John McCain is reformed and this and that and moderate end of the reformer, etc. So I'm right. But not nevertheless. I like John McCain only because he's the one that's standing in George E. W. And helping end also pushing George E. W. farther and farther and farther and farther to the extreme right. And people are saying, oh, oh, I don't know. I don't know who we want Pat Robertson to be vice president. Anyway, so here on the hero today a questionable bet, you know, these people, you should only rot in hell at the hero. There probably is some nice people who worked there, my good friend Howard Kleinberg writes a column there, but not too often. Thank God for that. I hope Howard doesn't have to go into building the right it. Proposed Florida sports authorities, what they said at Turtles about, I almost didn't read it. But I'm so glad that I did. I just pick a couple of parts here to let you know what this is all about. It says this breathtakingly ambitious but seriously flawed bill is the workers that representative Luis Rojas and Senator Roberto Casas, even asshole. Republicans from Hailea. If it is to become law at all during the upcoming legislative session, to do so in a much-humbler form. And here we go. I want you to listen very, very carefully. It says there are flaws in the measure, the biggest of which may be to put Florida into the permutual business as owner of the story. But dying, Hailea race course. The financial base of the Florida sports authority seems to be perimusual bidding profits that in proposers dreams alone would pay for stadiums and other things. And here comes the greatest sentence in the history of journalism. And I use that term loosely journalism. It's bad enough that the state sanctions gambling in any form. But horse racing is a foundering business with Hailea in particular showing dismal handles in recent years. The likelihood of it producing profits for taxpayer owners is a long-shot no-gambler would take. And at the end it says promoting sports is a worthy venture. But let's not allow state government to plunge into the racing business. And what I'm going to read from it. First of all, the state already is in the racing business. I hate to break the news to because their partners with all the permutuals, they take their share. They take their percent, which is the only reason they allow the permutuals to exist in the first place. And it's been that way for about 6,000 years. But don't confuse the hero with that. They're already in a racing business. But this line to go back to that paragraph, that line, just write it down. Get you a crayon right now and write it on your rectum on your arm on your sleeve somewhere and don't ever forget it. If by some miracle, casino gambling should ever come up as an issue on a ballot again, here which I've done. But if it ever should, and these people start pontificating and lecturing again. Just remember that sentence in today's Mommy Harold February 23, 19, 2,500, whatever it is. It's bad enough that the state sanctions gambling in any form. Are you ready for that? I'm not, now they must. They certainly couldn't be talking about like bingo, like for church bingo. Oh, that's okay. Church bingo. As long as the Pope's got his finger in it, the gambling for God. As long as he's got his finger in it and the gambling to. Correct. Yeah. It's bad enough that the state sanctions gambling in any form. Early day of my life, practically, I pick up my two local papers in our readcraft and it just, it makes me just wonder, what kind of people are in this town? Then I come in here on the ear and do the show. And then, of course, I reinforce as my memory comes back. And I realize what kind of people are in this town. It's bad enough that the state sanctions gambling in any form. And so you wonder, these crazy, goody two shoes people? Who, by the way, can't take enough ads for all those cruise ships that they're always ripping in, because they're not Mickey's. Can't take enough money to promote that crap. And they're lying always as well. You know, we separate the editorial pages from the guy, them news pages. In other words, we're a bunch of prostitutes. We're a bunch of horrors. See, on this show, I'm the one that will tell you, we're a bunch of horrors in the broadcasting business and we're proud of it. That's what we are. I'll understand, we go a little bit too far, we're embarrassed by it, but never less, we're a bunch of horrors. But these people, they're in the newspaper business, no, they're in the advertising business and the brainwashing business. Those are the two businesses that they're in. They're in a self-serving business. You heard of places where it self-serve? Well, that's how it is that they're all everything they do with self-serving. Everything is designed to further their own nest. Whether it's their sucking up to the Hispanic community without any success, by the way, hispanics hate them like poison. Whatever it is, it's always for their own benefit. Just like that business sucking up with Tony Ritter and Mickey Harrison and the Mayor Pingu Piccania, because, oh, yeah, we got to renovate town because one hero of pleasure just happens to be down there in a very dangerous and dilapidated part of town. So whatever is good for the hero, that's what's good for us is what they would have to believe. Does anybody believe that? Oh, no. Just like this, pull on John Henry. 385 votes. 344, no 41, yes. The public is screaming from the rooftops. No, cut the crap, that's what they're screaming. The gambling, oh my god, can you imagine a more rotesque horrendous outrageous dangerous place than Las Vegas, for example? A more decadent, a more tenth world. Oh, that's right. We're the ones that are decadent and tenth world and really a dangerous and blown everybody away all the time. Without all those other forms of gambling. See, I just can't relate to that. I cannot relate living in the community that is run by a bunch of knee-and-a-tools living in the Stone Age, and you got Bobby Butterworth and Ken Jenny. There's no hope for this state. It's hopeless. So lost cause. That's why if you want to have a good time, get on a plane on a boat or something and go somewhere. Just go somewhere where you're allowed to have a good time. We're the not working 28 hours a day to try to make denture that you don't have a good time. It's bad enough that the state sanctions gambling in any form. What a sentence. Then they just open up casinos in Detroit last time I checked and then Mrs. Sipping and then every other guy in Balexia over there. In all of America and most of the places not all of them, but most of them they're breaking money hand over at Limp Rist. But we can't have that here because the Harold says it's evil. Evil. Here's a moment. Oh look at that. I pressed up mobile in Miami and all of a sudden I didn't like it. I thought we weren't going to have to do that. Oh, I thought that's why I didn't. Oh, it's been sitting on there. Look at that. We got more phone problems again today. How do you like that? And of course I was told that that computer wasn't part of our phone problem. Is that what they told me? Because they're too cheap to buy a guy there. And by the way, didn't I say when I left here yesterday the number 11 was going through my mind? Yeah. And guess what? I look on our website and then of course I look at my computer checking and market the numbers yesterday. And there was a stock I can't mention which one that looked like it was at 117 and 78. How do you like that? So whoever was on here you'll have to call us back again. Okay, because our phone is screwed up again today. And we have to reset it and repost gear around with it because that computer in there is a piece of crap, which we shouldn't have to go through all of this. 560560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Okay. First of all, you pulled 341 because remember you said Epo any last 481? Yeah, but before probably voted 20 times. Listen, what do you think about the cancer's chances again? Washington and I. Well, what kind of a question is that, sir? What does that mean? What I'll think about that. The difference is that they're playing pretty bad. But what kind of a question is that? What do I think about their chances? Well, what does that mean? Well, you're honest and opinionally they're playing. I don't have no idea on a given day. That's why they play the games. If we already knew ahead of time, they wouldn't waste the time because somebody might get hurt. That's true. Like Donald Bush here, somebody might get injured. Alrighty. Okay. That's it. That's the middle of the response here this morning in the first half hours. What do I think of their chances? Okay. I just got through saying. I'll have to do is repeat what I just got through saying. I'll have to do is repeat what I just got through saying. Just keep playing it on the endless loop over and over again. It's hopeless. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Strawberry in trouble again. Oh, how do you like that? I think that's an interesting thing. We ought to ponder all of I'm sure we won't get any response about that. How many chances does this one get? How many chances of a professional athlete get? And then of course there's the Joe roasting in Josie Lambie's column again for the 85th time. You know, Josie you've only had this in there like 400 times. About the little dog and Cecil and little dogs had this and this one said that. And come on. Come up with something new and fresh and disgusting and really medium. Okay. Like, you know, my trademan and his boyfriend eat the Josie other night. Then we'll read your column Josie. Come up with something new and exciting. Not about the little dogs said this and little dogs said that. Yankee outfielder, Daryl Strawberry test of it tested positive for cocaine on January 19th. And might once again be suspended from baseball. A high ranking baseball official speaking on the conditioning not be identified to Tuesday. The commissioner's office is investigating and decision whether to take this winter action likely would be made by tomorrow at the latest. Strawberry is tested two or three times a week as part of his no contest. He made 26 19 99 charges of cocaine possession and soliciting a prostitute. He was sentenced to 18 months of probation and 100 hours of community service. He already has served two drug related suspension. The first for 60 days in 1995 after testified positive for cocaine. The second from all April 24th to August 4th last season came after he was arrested in Tampa last April 4th for possessing cocaine. And here we go again. How many chances did they get? Two 300 times a year. Okay. I'm just checking. 2 a.m. Drops the green flag with motorsports Saturday Saturday morning. 6 things with Chocustello right here on Sports Radio 5. 60. 2 a.m. Neil Rogers. Ah. Let me take you down to your Christian West. Strawberry Hill. While making drugs, you. And nothing feels so triumphant. Strawberry rehab forever. Living is easy for sports, proud. Who put the fanies in the fields? A superstar can kiss me, comforting and still catch up. If he can hit 293. And he won't come down because he loved him. When strawberry feels. He's making drugs deal. As long as he can hit him out. Strawberry never ever. Now when he's swinging a strike three. How thin he must be high on blow. And all the little kids will think that it's all right. To get real high and grab a bat. Let me take you down to your Christian West. Strawberry Hill. While making drugs deal. The net's not done next to you now. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Feel properly real forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. Strawberry rehab forever. A lot of people enjoy getting home in daily sphs are easy- bangles to climb up stairs. I can understand, no fiction, no rock, spell, france. The real thing, you really can't argue. New York Times and also carnival or all the wrong deletes by carnival. This was brought to the attention again by the New York Times because the heroin I guess they're too far from the sea port or too far from the from the uncles to To make it a story They got their head too far from making his ass to make it a story. That's the problem. Got to be oh Well, I'm out of material. Okay, I've a great day, man. Bye bye 567 see and I don't understand why this is nobody seems to care. It's of me I'm the only one that's pissed off over the fact and then the people under yesterday They're only stuck it up to John Henry. Oh, well, you know Wayne and Mickey and everybody likes Mickey Who would it? likes Mickey? What does Mickey Eris and do for this community? You know his father ran off rest in pieces. Ruff father ran off for the nine billion dollars to Israel So it could all be tax free and then he croaked just a head of time. He didn't wait long enough So that they couldn't avoid the estate taxes Anything that they can do to avoid paying taxes to this town and to this country That's what they the notoriously good famous for And being an accrueship business like I've told you where every guy damn ship that they've got his but ships registry Some other guy damn foreign countries so they pay no US taxes And they stick those people on the buses and they slut them from the airport over there in the port of Miami And they stick them under both and we don't get one single solitary dime from any of those people How does that benefit this community? A siphon and a hero day love him. They're in bed with him. They're fondling him. They're obsessed with him And why because they're in bed together Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello Yes, Neil. I was wondering if perhaps you could answer a question for me How come everybody shouldn't be in bed together? And why can't we be in that with Ali on? Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello Hello Hello, yes Hello, Neil. Yes. Hi first time call the long-time listener. Yes, sir A transletten next time from Lola Island. I have to cover a sports illustrated when down was Requisition, yeah, they're straw that stirs the net And I'm going to back that video right the cover the straw that's up his nose, yeah They're straw. I don't think this is going to be the last draw either by the way You know I don't get another chance and another chance and another chance anybody cares Sports will illustrate it, yeah, yeah the straw that serves the left great Okay, okay, thank you. I'm holding my breath through sending the straw And let's get George E. W. In here in the in the straw man and Have a rift's a good time. What do you say? 21 before 11 at 5. 50 WQM What's this obsession with hokey? Tonight on VH1 story tellers. It's a very special evening with Christina Aguimera Like I got the idea, you know from for this song one day when the manager told me I Had to say get the story behind the music from the woman lady Addiles and who conquered the pop music world with her own unique style I got like the idea for this song from Britain fair, you know, then I like to my record company and They had a guy right at home Christina Aguimera on VH1 story tellers I think like a big turning point for me musically, you know, it was like when I finally realized Why did When they write the pop music history books they'll file Christina Aguimera under a well Christina Aguimera tonight on VH1 story tellers to show where people who have nothing to say say This stuff that's fucking bitch. Yeah, it's a 1044. I got your Grammys by the way And I said the George is more and looks like Carlos Santana's gonna walk away the whole bunch of him and he said what? He said Oh, they come over what he said. Yeah, yeah I just don't understand a can anybody understand a can anybody explain that to me? Carlos Santana would have become back in this crap music that he's pumping out I don't know there must be pain somebody wrong five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wildest line Here's the call from New York hello Yes, uh, Neil I'm Brian from New York and I get your show over the internet actually Yes, sir and I want to say I love you showing great job and I think you're a comment about Darryl Sure, we're right on you know they're gonna keep on giving me chances as long as he can come out and he hits the ball and he gets people in the seats and You know, it's it's it's it's a sad it's it's a sad time But I really called to get your comments about The dolphins in the in the free agency five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wildest line the out of town line 877 785 63 45 877 785 63 45 here's a muppelin jubiter hello How are you? Yes, listen First of all, I just want to you know I've been listening to you for many years You always have a really you know a student you on politics your year You know, I don't always agree with you, but you always get a good opinion usually call a spade a spit Yeah, I don't want questions but yeah, when you got two candidates in the Democratic Party you got both Bradley Who's a pretty honorable guy yeah Who's a guy that pass a message? It's out there. Well, what's the message? Well, I mean, you know number one health care. I mean the things that go badly you know talking about yeah And then you got this fish kiss Hypocretical wire Oh, God he's this and hypocritical huh? So the essence of this conversation is you want me to agree with what you were saying is that what you Purpose of it because I don't think he's vicious and I don't think he's any more of a liar than the other politician Well, you don't think Shane you're done with the internet. What do you think that's what? What I think that's about all that I mean that's just so that's just being stupid that just a you know a stupid comment is all a wise He was he was a proponent of the internet and the uh all of that stuff I remember the speeches he made about it It was just a stupid comment. Well, then does that make him a liar and is that relevant? What about what about what about the back of company? What about it? What about when he was Not sure what you want he was repeating all the things that Bradley said and like every other commentator said This election isn't about what happened in 88 or 68 or 70 it's about what's happened in the last eight years and what these candidates stand for now That's what it's about You know the thing I'm wondering is what what do you have against go Bradley? I don't like Bill Bradley he offers me nothing he's lackluster. He says nothing and now He's just like and like I just got through saying he's launching into a whole series of attacks based on what Gordon did and voted 10 years ago and 20 years ago It isn't relevant. It doesn't mean anything Okay I mean if you know on the one side on a Republican side basically you've got a religious pissing contest The anti-capitalics against the anti-border again Christian and that's what they're talking about and who's being the most mean spirited and who's during the most dirty campaigning and And there's very little discussion of any issues And on on this side you've got Bradley now in an active desperation who's becoming really mean you talk about mean spirited Who's doing a lot of personal attacks. He's not doing any good for the party. He's got he's got no chance. He's not gonna win Yeah, but don't you think On the Republican side don't you think McCain has a lot to say to no And absolutely do not campaign finance reform is all hipocracy on his part He's been taken as much money from special interest. Is anybody else has been he's a hypocrite and I've only he's 100% Tony. Let me say it again because of the fact that he's different And he's a war hero and he's in a nigma because nobody knows very much about him because most of the American people are Bozos and they don't add a lot of politics all of a sudden. Oh, hey, he's the great white hope in the meantime his voting record is is Conservative or more conservative than a strong thermon okay 10 years of a record to stand on and we're not talking about 10 and 20 years ago We're talking about this past year. We're talking about right up to this moment Well, you know today there's Al Gore he's gonna be there at century motion dear feel Yeah, well, you know like Al Gore, but I mean you're entitled not to like Al Gore if you want to vote for Bill Bradley and a Florida primary Be my guest I'll vote I will be voting for round gore I just I just have a problem with this integrity. I don't I don't Okay, okay 560 pound five 60 on the 18 T. We're the slime If I'm looking for integrity in a politician. I'm gonna be looking a long long time okay They're all a bunch of great robbers. It's a matter of survival. That's the way the game is played unfortunately You're looking for some honest lump to come along without to take in millions and millions of dollars from these Chinese and everybody else in their brother not gonna happen Not gonna happen And it's interesting by the way, and now all of a sudden George Bush George W.s for campaign finance reform. Yeah, acting new Hampshire all of a sudden he discovered it Oh yeah me too yeah even though the Republicans of course buried and even though Pat Robertsons on they're talking about how it's invasion of their freedom of speech Because he wants all the gom to be able to pump as much money in there as they possibly can oh Yeah, we gotta have the board again Christians running America, right? Oh no They just refuse to get the message they don't get it the overwhelming majority of the public doesn't hate them like poison Hate them despises them like poison And if I have to choose between the Catholic church with all their crap and all their scandals with it Yeah, they just got a little bit of a fact problem there But if I have to choose between them and the board again Christian I'll take the Catholics any day the week. Thank you any day Here's a mobile in West Miami. Hello good morning Neil. Yes, sir When I saw the little Georgie squirming and trying to put a positive spin on his lost yesterday I absolutely got my rock sauce. Yeah, I mean I loved it I love him. I mean all of this way watching him squirming. I love it With all the millions that he's poured into that to have him come up lose your life that yeah, and then blame it all on the Democrats And the later they ended up the rules in the first place exactly and the latest thing on the On the Gileon saga is now he's just He's the same rise rising from the ocean. Yeah, unbelievable anyway That's okay, okay, get it in thanks for the good news. Bye 567 maybe watch your name will come back to the mermaid 567 0560 pump 560 on the AT&T wireless line no more time hangs movies Please can we have a year without time hangs on please We're never great to see him go in limbo. Just think all the people in Hollywood you'd like to see go with just for a year Give us a rest. He's definitely one of them Just they hold me in his box of chocolates leaving all the rest of us alone here's hialia hello Hialia Hey you allow you this morning case sir You know it was actually looking forward to watching the Grammy tonight until I saw that rosiel Donald's gonna be hosting the dances Yeah, I know that's how I thought you got naked pictures of that bitch that disgusting cow No, I know anyway the slorning they had on that congregor Lady the one that married the millionaire on yeah, good morning American I know that it was on once that you'll never see again right Diane Soyer and you know It's been a for worse nightmare according to her and she never slept with the guy and of course not they were the restant separate rooms Yeah, the whole thing was a sham this guy is a you know former Two-bit movie star and the stand-up comedian who's the publicity seeking phony balloony Who doesn't have two nickels to rub together much of the most millions of dollars? Yes, she's supposed to be on 2020 and she's supposed to hasn't taken any money Although she's had huge wealth of it isn't it interesting She's gonna be on 2020. Yeah, what is this all about why can't they just say it was a fraud? Yeah, it was a bad idea was it a disgusting We've all the idea they're not gonna do it anymore and now we go on with something that makes any sense. Who cares about that bitch? Well, ABC wants to make CBS look pretty bad. I guess no, it was Fox. Oh, okay, whatever Fox yeah, and another thing on the back of the living arts section that they at lists all the symptoms of computer addiction You know psychological physical we need to start a class that actually stood against Bill Gates Like they did against the tobacco industry. Yeah, right, you know makes the money a lot of people are addicted right think about it. Okay. Have a great day Okay, a lot of computer nerds out there morning noon and night But great seeing all the response we're getting on our website though. That's good And if anybody would say a beef or anybody else would say well, they're just voting against that tax money for the stadium because you're against it Then how come our presidential poll came out to totally different and McCain did so well and Bush got a bunch of votes It even that sparks your Allen keys got the 4.4 percent How is that possible if everybody's just going along with me like they got before he doesn't like glory He's even titled, but I mean to call it if you wanted to discuss it's fine But if you want to have an argument with me I'll be glad to argue with you sir, but there's no point to it. You're not gonna convince me I have absolutely no problem with the algorithm based on the presence field of who we have to choose from Is he would he be my number one choice to be the president? Of course not no And let me see it again and I say it with no Problem at all I like bubble a lot. I love bubble for me the last eight years have been fine I'm not just talking about personally, but as far as the country's considered making a lot of progress slowly I mean very slowly, but then again, so I think the obstacle these been up against they've been too busy They wasted a year and a half worrying about the blow jobs and all of the sudden This stuff as opposed to really getting down to things that they could have been taking care of like campaign finance reform that's supposedly They're so concerned about Education and other important things and Gun control oh my god, you can't say that Yeah, I love them change answer by the way When I talked about you know if you have to register your car how come you what's the big deal of having to register your gun Well the Constitution doesn't give us any rights to own a car Of course they didn't have any cars when they wrote the Constitution. Oh I see yeah, they didn't have automobiles when they wrote the Constitution Center McCain Maybe that's why I'm saying thing about your right to own a car or drive a car Have a drive resolids and it's set them and so on and it also by the way doesn't say I got they moored about having a right to own a gun That's not what it says, but that was his response Air-be-single issue from abortion you name it gun control Fags every one of them the right wing agenda, which is why Gary Bowen dorses in very enthusiasm Eastically that's John McCain, but if you see looking in it say hey, is a great war hero We never stole a freight train. He's a reformer be my guest to pre-country. Both were whatever you like It's not bush 567.0550.0550.0560 on the AT&T line here's a man who thought that all a all he had to do is just show up Just show up just be as dumb just like gun that Luther Campbell song as stupid as he wanted to be And America would just laugh it up and all of a sudden and maybe not such a good idea and you mark my word that moved to the far right in South Carolina And this happened into bed with Pat Robertson and Bob Jones University and all these other pharbiscina glam that's gonna cost him big time Because if he does win the nomination, which is still a very much in doubt at this point all the way I think he will because of the rules of the primaries But if he does win it, I don't think he's got a Chinaman chance against Gore or Bradley in the fall towards EW Fort Lauderdale, hello Absolutely correct sir. Yes, I am you're Neil God. Yes. Yeah, yeah It was funny last night I was watching George W working the crowd as I call it He looks like he just going through the motions like he really can't stand on what he's done And then this morning in the slumset and all there's an article about how good he is at work in the crowd is compared to Bubba Yeah, it seems like every replace Clinton goes people just really Like him I mean he's a nice guy and he just has that charisma bottom. Yeah, but George W. He's like a slime ball or something Just disgusting. I mean who'd you rather go to a party with Bubba or George W? You know if you're a WWE probably go off in a corner, you know in store some and the meanwhile Probably be doing something exciting Yeah, but you're right on the money about McCain and all that it's scary a lot of people don't realize what he's what he's thinking I'll act because he doesn't really give his whole thoughts all the time But I will say this at least if nothing else I'll say this for McCain and at least he's he's for the moment He's working against that right wing faction the Republican party they hit him like poison although the fact that Jerry Bowen Dorses him still terrifies me and makes me realize what we're really dealing with yeah Yeah, definitely it's scary thing, but also I wanted to put in my vote for Santa Ana Oh, you don't like it. No, but you can play the future Thank you. There's having time and one more pew for Rosie O'Donnell face okay Okay, it's a 1056 567 05 60 pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line That's one thing most of us can re-appound can't wait Rosie O'Donnell she's a pig in disgusting and not funny and just nauseating just to puke from the women of America I rest my case like I said yesterday their taste is in their rectum push Between her and all the other creptes on it don't blame the men of America with Jerry Springer They're not the ones who are home during a day watching that crap. It's the women of America You're not gonna be watching Oprah's new channel There's another one for you that bitch She's got him all mesmerized eating out of the palm of her gland Can anybody explain to me what that's all about that? Oh, no, you go girl. Yeah, you go girl far away soon 1057 at 560 QM Oh There hi we did you want to be a millionaire sure reach let's go I am done at one dating a problem We just still been Oh, did I win godless first version? Oh god, I feel so jam Running out of time feel that'll be life life Long reaches coming with my own super busy. I'll try to be the beat That we just to know what do I do if I am a choice to show me the dark if they get hotter I won't go no farther I'm stuck on a quant should I call that someone did my mom on the phone in a hurry Come on a zoom just ask her eat your final answer. I'm reges getting pissed what did she say? All right Be final answer. I will ask you look at me. No capy Lee Losser's damn show the other slow Read is fading we got waiting It's 1103 at 560 WQ. I am here's a call in paran. Hello You'll be ill yes sir. What's up? I'm much all right good morning last night do some kennel surfing I was there with my wife watching keeping we're watching fox Use channel, which is probably the first mistake. It was a female on there Supporting the republican party of course and my wife looked at me she goes you know how any woman in the right mind Can you even be associated with the republican party is beyond me How can they look at themselves in the mirror and that be part of that party is well look at that Mary Magdalene bitch They got on crossfire every night of the one of some already James Carville with the bald head Oh, I'd talk about a fascist pig a piece of crap Can't believe why not sure she's a woman to be honest with me. That's true. That's a real book to me very Very another thing my both for the Grammy's today. Yes, sir. Which week we're okay at least she's got the meter fish on her body. Okay, bye deal too Yeah, but isn't she underage? No, no, no, no, they more she's old enough Speaking of the Kathy Lee this is very distressing in Josie lambi it's column right next to all this crap about Joe Rose and Cecil Collins in the same stuff These written the same thing about 20 times now Josie. Maybe his Alzheimer's is kicking in To the TV talk her Kathy Lee and hubby Frank I for at the water for waterfront seafood joins Napa's restaurant My marker 94.5 and key logo after joining in large group of friends gathered at an outdoor table under a chic gothatch Chicky-fetch Kathy Lee was mob by fans Is that nonziering or what Kathy Lee was mob by fan? She kissed baby side doesn't have autographs and post for as many pictures Frank it's like it wasn't even there well I can understand that but Kathy Lee mob by dozens of fans Was it for singing oh for her acting for her great sense of humor for that great Slay blabber she's doing out in Atlanta, America. She keeps lying about oh I don't get it. I just don't understand, but America is thinking about like this bitch this is the guy mentioned before with Darva Conger She's gonna be on 2020 now because she got the was on a stupid who wants to marry a nurse show and the guy turned out to be a pizza delivery guy I guess Well look at this phone today man. I'm gonna tell you. I think we're out of business. I think I think it's all over its history Yesterday we had a record breaking day on our website. We have what 72 trillion hits on a website but on the phone forget it 560 560 560 560 on the AT&T wireless line Here's our only call pop at OB. Chilo Hey, asshole if you're in the bathroom. Okay, that's it. That's our our medley of our call. Hey, asshole Okay And people say to me oh gee, I sure hope you're not gonna be tired too soon. I sure hope you're not gonna go away because what are we gonna do? I don't know what am I gonna do? What am I gonna do for for a response on this show? I guarantee I'm not going back. I you know, maybe it was very entertaining and why I talked about doing it for a long time Talking for four hours a day. It's just it just take tears your kishki's out. Nobody can do that Whoever heard of somebody having to do a talk show talk to themselves for four hours every day When we got 50 billion people allegedly listening on there and none of them ever have anything to say Except hey asshole up your answer whatever this guy said Everywhere you go in this time like yeah, it's like the same like at the hockey games Come on a little excited. Here's something free. All right like that bitch. Yeah, but hey. Oh, you know, she's two in the guy out Then she says how about some tickets? I'll take some tickets. I got a ticket for you honey. Let's wait and stick it the ticket bitch Here's my need be, Chilo Yes, sir Your opinions the premier presidential candidate I just got through Tonya and the one I like of the bunch is Al Gore Okay Well, what do you sound so bummed out about what do you why do you say premier why I don't think any of my worth of crap But then they're okay. They're only four of them that are worth talking about right now He's the one that I prefer. Okay, but what do you sound so bummed out of them? Well, thank you happy or if I said some other name. No, I just wanted to share opinion. Yeah, well, how about your opinion He seems like to be the most intelligent out of mom. He's he or you a religious nut? No, no I'll be with them. Why would you mention his name? Because he seems to be him. Oh, are you black? Are you black? No, no He seems to be the most intelligent out of all but he's a religious nut Well, well, you say it's a shame for that That's what his whole thing is about his morality and being a But Oregon fanatic that's his whole campaign is based on he doesn't stand for anything else And then why would you give me that name sir, please do me a favor and November stay home Do not vote please I beg you I beg you What are they seriously what are they concerned about the broad that was stiff by the guy who wants to marry a millionaire And Kathy Lee is having dinner with some Chophouse down there and key largo with Frank and let's go get a raw to grant and then after that we'll run up and see if O. J isn't found for it on the golf tournament I'm sorry folks. I know I can't change the human race, but it's getting so much worse by the minute I can't I can't wait I can't wait to say bye bye Oh, yeah, what you need now screw you Neil screw you Yeah, but then what are you gonna do with your life for hours every day? Huh? I mean you can only rub it so a law before it gets raw and then after the first hour what do you do then the rest of your life? I mean Jesus you can't complain about the political knowledge of the software to population here because generally speaking There's almost none it doesn't exist Yeah, he's really intelligent that Allen keys when he's the first of all he's a radio talk show guy So he's good he can speak okay. He's got a radio talk show Allen keys. That's why he does for a living So the fact that he's articulate and can speak he'd be speaking pretty good Hitler was a pretty dynamic speaker two last time I remember. Oh, yeah Only get a better mustache now in keys Nine minutes after eleven it's fine to better hairdo nine minutes after eleven at five 60 W to Q AM Here's a guy keep sucks. Okay Ladies and gentlemen. Okay. This is mumbles number five da lot Mother And here, that's our take. Just talk to us. Please, talk to us. We'll be back here. We'll be back here. We'll be back here. We'll be back here. It's our talk. And she calls. We're all good. What do you talk about? Please, thank me. Talk to us. And there's our talk. We'll be back here. And there's our talk. We'll be back here. We'll be back here. We'll be back here. We'll be back here. We'll be back here. We'll be back here. We'll be back here. We'll be back here. We'll be back here. It's 115. It's 115 at 560 WQ. I've got to tell you something. Seriously, if you have any stock, if you have all your money cut up in stocks like 95% of America does not have five bucks or five million. And here he goes again. Here he goes again. We have two now of Humphrey Hawkins with that on green span. I thought it was all over. I thought we should have five. They would make a little bit of a comeback and guess what? Here we are back again today. Papa, papa, papa, mama just like that thing we just heard there. Mama is 4 and 5 and the Dow is down 139 and dropping like a rock. As he speaks and every word comes out of his fat disgusting mouth that you can watch your money just piss away right into front of your face. Just vanish. Something for the sake of argument. Oh god, just drag his ass out of there okay, get him out of our lives. I think the way to do it is just having color testify every day. And then about two weeks are you know, we'll all be broke. Well, it will all be on an even playing field. We'll all be totally broke. The breaking of America by Alan Green span. Down 136 and dropping like a goddamn bomb. Bob Bomba. Okay excited about just relax this two-shell pass okay okay. Five six seven didn't Alan keys and met the internet. Yeah, that's what I heard. He invented the internet for Dark Folks. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello? Yes sir. Neil how you doing okay. Hey this is a Kubanito from Miami. You know that I've got a wish you thank you and do everything for you. I lost 30,000 in the acting. All right. I do. Right. Right. Yeah. And what's your step into him? Huh? Hello? Hello? Oh, no wait. Hold on a second. Did you see what just happened? Line 8 came on. Line 8 came on. Line 8 came on. That guy disappeared and line 8 came back on. So if there's anybody in this building including our steam program director general manager engineer anybody else who thinks that our phone problem has been solved. I mean it has been a lot better. But here this guy vanishes and line 8 pops on by itself again. Which happened once yesterday and you didn't believe me. You thought I might hand the bump through over here. I was nowhere near that thing and the phone either. The agony continues when you finally get some people on the phone here. You can't have a conversation because this thing's got a mind of its own. And let me tell you again that that computer in there is screwed up. It's a piece of crap. The one that they absolutely refused to replace and give us one that works because they're a bunch of cheap tricks. I warn you people in this building. I said don't do it. Don't buy that. The **** we can't talk about. Okay I warned you that the George Miami did he get it tonight? No. Robert Greeper? No. Or the only ones. Because I know these people like a book. Everything they touch turns the instant process. Schmidt. Just give us a phone that works. That's all. Give us a phone that works. Wind it up. Walk away. Leave us alone. That's all we ask. Pay people on payday when they're supposed to. That's all. And that's it. Very difficult, right? No. No. And they still can't do that. Here it is. February 23rd, 2000. And they still can't get it right. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, Neil? Yes, sir. Yes, I was calling just to tell you why I was voting for Bradley. It's not that I'm obsessed with it. I think I just think he'd make a high quality president. And I mean, they don't just like Bill Braille. I mean, he's okay. I would have no problem with him. But I like yellow or better. No, no. I see that too. And I just thought he might work on some real issues. And not get sidetracked with all this minor stuff. And all the crap that goes on. And you read about and hear about. Yeah. So I don't mind. But you got to remember. Don't get too carried away. Because they all talk great during the election campaign. They've all got the best of intentions. They've got, you know, a lot of great ideas. Really some of them do. And then once they get in there, they've got to understand nothing gets done without Congress. They can't act unilaterally and do whatever they want. True. Well, I appreciate you listening to what the input and have a good day. Okay, back to you. Yeah, I have no pride. I don't just like Bill Braille. I think it was good that he got in there. He gave Gore shot any. Correct. Oh, yes. Got him off his dead ass. Welcome up a little bit. And it's still out of Dundie. I mean, Gore doesn't completely have a wrapped up. Although, it would take some boring, some bizarre event. It looks pretty likely that he'll be the Democratic candidate. You like Bill Braille? I'm not going to have a snippet about that. If you like John McCain, you're entitled to do that. I just would urge you to take a look at what his voting record is. And what he has positioned have been last 17 years. He didn't all of a sudden wake up one day and to come to great reform, or all of a sudden changes colors. I mean, it sounds great in a campaign. But let's see what he's really all about. Oh, my God. Look at this. Oh, Troy. How are you, Neil? Roy. It's Mitch Lewis. And you know, you're the best. Thrimes with Lewis. Yes, Ben, but Ben's best. And I'm sitting here working for the worst bunch of bushelig broadcasters in the history of the human race. Where are you? And you know, that's the problem with it is that it's the business that you're in. And it's interesting about it is it's the city of the business that you're in. Right. Did you call to get me depressed? No, but I call to, you know, I know self-lark is not going to like what I have to say. Where are you? Where are you? Where are you? I'm in Burbank. I'm not here for about 11 months. Uh-huh. We'd tell you story about my agent. One of the biggest voice over agents in Los Angeles. Yes, sitting at dinner with him. And he says, oh, self-lark, you ever heard of a guy named Neil Rogers? Yeah. And I went, oh, oh. Oh, oh. He, uh, you know, he said, man, you sound just like the guy. Yeah. I said, but you're nuts. I am the guy. He got up out of his chair. Back then, over. He kissed me on the top of my bald head. Yeah. He went to college down there. He's got a whole group of friends out here that love you. Really? If you went to a different city, like you say, a real living, breathing town. Yeah. You would see how happy you got even in that crap-hole business you call radio. That's right. Because I wouldn't have to sit and beg for calls every day. Do you have any idea that I'm doing the same thing now? I was doing 20 years ago. Begging for phone calls every day for four hours. Talk to an asshole and begging for phone calls every day of my life. You know, people don't appreciate you. You're too, we're doing it. You've got too much to say. You're too on the ball. I've been listening to you for many years. Yeah. Yeah. And what happens is they get spoiled down there. And then you go to any other city and you try to listen to real controversy. Fortunately, we've got fill out here. Yeah. But you try to listen to something. Somebody's got an opinion. Are you sure? I'm absolutely positive. Yeah. And the bottom line is that people could be consuming you in this country. Yeah. I love you. I should have yelled at me. Come on. I was on nation one. I'd be 50 times bigger than that. I've had as Matthew Rushlinball. I'll tell you that right now. But I don't know how you would feel about doing the show where you're happy to come in every day. It would be a culture shock. I'll tell you. Actually, when I come in, you can ask George. I'm pretty happy most days until the show starts. And then I go through my monologue and I talk. And then I can't get a response and I start getting pissed off. And I go home leaving here like shaking my head. Like, what am I doing here? Everybody improves to you every single day while you hate that job. I don't hate this town. I'll tell you that. So that many of the time I had just despised it here. This is the end of the world. You saw it. It's like a place for dead people. There's no living and breeding people. They're a 90% dead people. You know, I'm sorry. I've got family and friends that live in South Florida. And that's why, you know, that's not my problem. I feel like if I never go back to Florida. Yeah. I'm too soon. Right. That's how I feel. I just came back from Amsterdam. I go five times a year to Europe. And every time the plane comes back in land here, I want to blow my brains out. It's depressing. You fly in. It's like a concrete parking lot. Right. There's no personality geographically to start with. And if you don't consume the ocean, if you're not out of the boat, if you're not fishing, if you're not doing something that involves the ocean, let me tie it. There's a lot of ocean in this world with a lot better places to attach to it. And uh... Yeah, fly across it five times a year. You land in some cities in the mountains and there's things and there's... And it's like, oh my god, it's like a postcard. You come in the Florida and it's planned real estate. It's like crazy. Hell. It damn their children. Yeah. I feel actually, I've got to be in the office. I've got family down there. Like if I go there, it's a nightmare that all of a sudden I'm going to close the doors and say, okay, now I'm not letting anyone else out. So in other words, it's not just me. It's not because I'm a sour person, a bad ass and a hard ass. It's not that I want to win a complaint. It's just what it is. You know, our own home at a whole year. Yeah. It has sick, no town dead place to live. Yeah. You get into a coma in self-law. That's right. And you get involved in the humidity and the heat. Yeah. You get involved in the angst it is the energy of the city. Yeah. Unfortunately, the compulsion of the city is crap. Yeah. The nasty hole. You know, LA isn't the best city in the world, but you've got mountains and ocean and people that are happy here. I hate it. I don't like it. And LA is to be great. LA used to be sensational. Well, I'm here because of the business. Yeah. You know, and it's the best move I've ever made in my life. You know what happened to the man who got everything you ever wanted. I don't speak Korean, so I don't know anything about LA. Well, you know what it was? The 818 area code was very preferable because it's a money or luck and the Asian cultures. Yeah. And they were very upset when they switched and had a split area code. So in other words, I assume that you're doing pretty good. You know, I'm doing better than I've ever done in my whole life. Right. I've always been a happy person. We have family and kids and friends. But professionally, radio kept crap out of me. I never had a great year in my life in that business. I had fun. It was a great job for a kid. Yeah. Coming out of college or whatever you're doing. But as a man gets older in that business, it's like on the Howard Stern crap where, you know, WNBC, having a guy who's half my age, telling me how to do what I've been doing for twice as long as he's been in the business, I was ready to throw up. I saw enough future in it. And it was fun and there was a lot of things that happened that were great. But there was a lot of crap. Yeah, but you got to meet Mike Reniri. Every morning. Yeah. And Henry Burrell. Oh, you know, if you were to go to a town. Well, where am I going to go? Oh, you know, you're not going to go. Do it from Italy. Do it from your house in Italy. Oh, so in other words, you're saying I should do the house in the show from someplace else. Well, coincidentally, we're working on that because I can't deliver here forever. I mean, this place is the end of the world. Right. It drags you down to their level. There's happy people all over the place. And I don't think that's right. And most of them aren't here. You know what it is? There's what 3 million people in South Florida. Four million. Okay. And I would say fairly enough that there's about two and a half to three million assholes. Right. That's right. About eight million people here in the LA, six to eight million. And there's about the same amount of hassle. So the density is a lot lower. Right. The asshole per square inch is a lot lower up there. So you run into fewer on the road in South Florida. They'll cut you off and then shoot you the bird about it. Are you sure? Cut you off. And they don't even know you exist. Yeah. Which is so much prep or more. I'd rather I'd rather everybody do that. You're happy. I feel a lot better now. I have to talk to you for five minutes. I feel like going out to a gun shop on 441. And then I'll bring up but I'll survive. Troy. Take care of yourself, Mitch. Love you, Neil. See ya. The right Mitch Lewis who said, oh, and then he said, back home and then, Roy and a few of the others. Good guy. Paul. But a good guy. And you got that a lot of here. See people look you're out of here. They're like, oh, Ellie. And here I am every day trying desperately not to like, Robby, to public just get a little bit of response here. Just pick up the phone, give me a call. Just something. That's all. Agree argue disagree. Puk whatever you want. I don't care. Just something. Just some sign that there's somebody alive out there. That's why it's so exciting. We're doing these polls on our website now. See a hundred, two hundred all of a sudden there's three hundred votes. We are almost 600 votes on the presidential poll for this crowd. What? That's pretty exciting. That's all you want. Just a little response like you go to the game. Some reaction. Okay. Besides just waiting for the guy then, cracked to get slung up on his stands. Is it going to happen? Oh, but it sounds good. Thanks for getting me depressed, Mitch. No topics from day one day. No privacy. No necessary. Wait. Wait. With the Sunday Morning Sports page. The Sunday Morning 7-9 with Jim Mendechen Josh Dero. Oh. On Sports Radio 5. 60 QA. Correct them. Hell. It damn their kill them. We're saying it was very hot here. We're saying it's very hot here. We're saying it's a big slap out here. We're saying it's a big slap out here. We're saying it's a big slap out here. You've heard. We're saying it's a big slap out here. I'm 30 too. A little Mitch Lewis. Here. Mitch Lewis. I know what we need is a lot longer rejoins. I think that we can make the form in a break. We do about five and a half or six minutes to make sure that we're able to hang on the phone. Nice going there, Duff. You jackass. I mean, what do we need to sound effect in there? I mean, is this like the three stools? Is that what it is? Come on. Give me a break already. What the hell was that? And then those long ponders, hurricane rejoins with a little promos in it. See, this is what happens when you make all these promises. We're going to give you billboards. We're going to give you rejoins. We're going to get out of these promos. And as a result, we wind up with like 90% of the programming on this radio station. It's commercial content. There is no goddamn programming. It's nothing but commercials. It's just a promos and commercials and commercials and promos. One dead Marlon Game coming by the way. 560, 50560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a call on Tallahassee. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I grew up at that last guy. I have the mental capacity to understand what you're saying to him. So, in other words, you tell me I've wasted 24 years of my life? Yeah, probably. How old was that? Yeah. I used to have years for a second. I don't know if anyone brought it up. Did you hear about Lewis, Faricoon, Jr.,? No. It was arrested and charged with lacking his eight and half month pregnant wife over the head with a metal serving tray. Oh, right. Wow. Gentlemen, for the NHL. Yeah, they had to stitch her up so much I guess for the million-man margin, treating your women better. Uh-huh. Well, I could stuff, but no. I think they missed on this. I think he said, beating your women better is what he said. Oh, right. I guess. Uh-huh. This John McCain thing. I hear a lot of people talking about, uh, he's a great guy, a stand-up guy. He's a great drama. He's a great former. Right. But I don't. Wasn't there a thing on 60 minutes about him? Uh, why he was in captivity? His wife, uh, all those years he was in captivity, stuck with him. She campaigned to get him out of captivity. How did he find him? Yeah, all those years that he was there. And when he got out and came back, what did he do? He divorced her and married the daughter of some rich oil-type-room. Nice move. Yeah. A time like somebody who keywords to me. Yeah, more often. More will stand-up guy. There's your more stand-up guy. God for you. But that's the public is frustrated because they think that Gora's Turkey establishment, they figure Bradley's even more boring than Gora's. And, uh, and they hate towards W. Like, Poisonate, pretty much all agree on that. So they look at him as the alternate because they don't know much about him. So he's like, uh, the new face in the crowd. And all year, here's somebody else. And he was a war hero. So we can't be all bad. And therefore, let's jump on his bang-back. And even though they don't always all about. Yeah, well, even though Gora's working way, you know. Well, uh, he's wiped out and feel like that. I guess stand-by. I'm all that time. And, uh, jump ship, uh, which will take you into the daughter. But, uh, that's the guy for you. And for me, I'll pass. All right, Neil. Have a great day, sir. God bless you and all the people in Tallahassee, let's hear us wrap us you in the game. And either her clothes are about to hurt you. No, no. Don't think it personally, but we don't want to hear it for them. We're nauseated by them. Out of town line, 877-785-6345, that Mitch Lewis called. Boy, that was, I don't know what to do after that. I want to crawl into the table and kind of play my navel. I mean, I understand everything you're saying. Wait, there's nothing new and revolutionary about that. And he sounds great. He's having a good time. And his life is improved dramatically, which I'm sure mine would be too. If I ever get there a lot here. But I'm stuck now. I'm stuck. I'd back by self into this horse and buggy town. And I'm just stuck. And, you know, and it would take so very little, just a little bit of effort on their part. Just a phone system that worked. Just to want to be easily, be a little bit more professional and be a little bit more aggressive. What about this TV campaign that we slapped all that makeup on? Remember how many weeks ago that was? What is that going to start? That John Jeroes was running around here like a big shot. By the way, but I don't know what we're going to do this in Gregory was running around like the rest of it. Is anything going on? No, no, I haven't seen anything about that. And probably because they don't have the money because that thing that we can't talk about because we're still in the quiet period. We still can't talk about that. It's turning out to be a big, gigantic flop. A big, smelly, gigantic flop. I'm not turning on that CNBC anymore. I mean, the Mitch Lewis call was the pressing. I've delighted to hear from you as a good guy. But turn on CNBC and watch an Allen Greenspan part of my money. I can't handle that. Nauseeating, disgusting. Every word that comes out of his mouth. And it's like, you can feel, you can feel your wallet moving around in your pocket in the money line. And the wallet keeps getting lighter and lighter and lighter. Yeah, he's lightning that low. It's the Allen Greenspan diet. He'll make your wallet so light you feel like a feather. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Feel back back with you. Sorry about that. Sorry about that. Be out of their phone screwed up. Oh, sorry. Line A just knocked you right off. Oh, God. Hey, I just want to let you know because I was talking about the Akhen. Right. And at the same time that you know that I've uh, this is just what it. But one of the main concerns that I had is because it got me real pissed off was the other day at a home shopping network. One of those network deals. Yeah. Suzanne Summers was selling one of her diet deals. And now she's come up with a Suzanne Summers size. And she says that now low cards is the best and she's a come out with a book and with the three. Oh, yeah. Oh, everybody in their brother now is doing a little car. He got me so pissed off looking at this and I was like, this is, you know, the guy that originated with that because you know for a bunch of years. And now she's trying to sell herself with it. Well, what about the hellers? They're doing the same thing. And then the ones that have that information on TV, those boring guys with the pastel background there. I can't think of what their name is, but the protein power. There you go. Dr. Eid, yeah, another one with their, well, of course, if they discovered that something worse than becomes popular, they all want to jump on the band. Why can just like all the queshoes back on TV now? Every network's got 85 queshoes 20 times a week. I thought I wanted to let you know, just piss me off to hear that, but just want to let you know that I'm a true believer back and to true believer view. Okay. Well, you keep it up. You take care of yourself. Thanks. Yeah. Maybe I'll go back on that. Can't see what you say. But you know, something didn't I say a few days ago. And I really mean it. I'm losing weight now in 10 pound increments. I'm looking at dieting and holding away work on the 10 pound. Which I did lose, by the way. And now I'm just kind of, I haven't been eating some crap. But amazingly, really, you know, gain upon here. And the three pounds I gained and answered in on my vacation. I lost them. So I'm pretty much back. Maybe a couple of pounds beyond the lowest point I had in the last month. So now it's time to work on the next 10 pounds. And if the literature we got here today about those two studies that an Akin's finally got all of a sudden, hey, here's some proof. There right there in these studies because, you know, the medical preparation unless they've got double and triple and quadruple blind studies. They don't believe in anything. And here are the studies and the cholesterol levels came down and the attractressorides came down and the people lost weight and they're healthy and there's still a lot. So what are we getting for lunch? Well, no, now we can get in that kind of lunch. We can get Tony's in here with some stuff. But I do think I'm allergic to cheese though. I think I have lactose intolerance. I think milk makes me a little. I just do too. I too much cheese. So much guy damn cheese and I love cheese. Oh man, do I love cheese? Wow. You know anybody who doesn't like cheese? No. No. Is there anybody in the audience who doesn't like, oh, no, everybody loves cheese. Don't forget the cheese. We're going to get Tony's usual stuff. Sure. Yeah, let's get Tony's bread. Probably upset with me because I said something about the salad and they are going to be in the meat in there. We love your bread. You're okay. Just quit. Well, now we want to meet back. Today I'm doing that. Can tomorrow I'll do a sousan somers. The next day I'll do a Nick Lachy. What ever is name is? And then the day after that I'll do them again. Hey, listen, speak to that. If we get a little ball spot on the top of your head or maybe a big, big fat one and a ball spot too. The sports leader sports radio. You know, I'm 60. You. Hey, have got to keep your shots in straight here. Look, on Masterpiece Theatre, the direct syndrome player, resent Shakespeare's Romeo and Juliet. What light, three-on window break. It is the East. And Juliet is the slot you pay. Yo. The brilliant syndrome player. Presentation of Romeo and Juliet. On tonight. Off. Here you go. Okay, what's been did Romeo and Juliet to take place in, by the way? What's been in Italy? Romeo and Juliet, where was the setting for the story? Oh, favorite, Ronan. For Ronan, a very good. And you're one of the reason I know that? Because it was a question on the squeal of fortune last night. What's the out of town, number? I'm glad you asked. 877, 785, 62, 45. So one of our fatsurts sends me the Saint Joe hospital medical center diet here, which a lot of, oh man. But it says it works on a chemical breakdown. It's proven. You can lose 10 pounds in three days. You will lose 10 pounds in three days. You go off and eat normal for four days. Go back on to it. You can lose up to 40 pounds in a month if you stick to this diet. 40 pounds in a month. But there are a couple of things on here like beats and hard-boiled eggs. Would I eat a hard-boiled egg? No. No. Huh? Okay. In stuff. What's stuff? Well, for lunch on the third day, you're going to hard-boiled egg and slice it toast. I would not eat a hard-boiled egg. And I certainly will not eat beats. Will I eat beats? No. No way. There was the time-of-and-chant-and-l. I was as much chant-and-might in a couple of beats as the red eating head cheese. Oh, I'm sorry. I think I'm getting sick. Okay. Here's a mobile-in-my-Mee. Hello. Yeah. Hi Neal. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I want to talk about the Tom Green Show. Yeah. I don't know if you noticed the past couple of skits that they've done. I haven't seen it in a month. Yeah. I think they're trying to censor for some reason. I don't know. Yeah. I think they're trying to like, I don't know. He's not being on the edge. I don't know. I sure was much better when he was on the comedy. The original comedy network. It was a thousand times better. And since like you say, he's been on MTV. It's losing the edge, which is why I don't even watch it anymore. They showed the rerun so many times that you just forget about it. Well, I think, yeah, that's another thing. I think they've like watered them down basically with all the reruns. But I think it was on public access. Right. And his skits were like so original. He was great. He is great. You know, if you don't let a guy do his thing, what's he going to do? Yeah, well, in one of the skits he goes to a restaurant and he has like this cubicle around him and he called the smoking cubicle. Yeah. And he says, he has the guy, what can I smoke here? And he says, no, no smoke in no smoke in he goes, yeah. But I have my, I think he called, it called the space, the personals smoking. I don't know cubicle thing. I don't know. And he says, I can smoke in here because I'm not letting smoke out. And the guy gets all mad and he's like, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. You know, they don't call a cop. You know, like real scared. I don't know. I don't like his event TV like pulling the chain on him a little bit. I don't know. Yeah. I don't think they're letting him run wild. Well, you know, everything MTV touches a certain aircraft. All right, now. Have a great day. I love you. Tom Green is God. We love Tom Green. We just don't like MTV because there's a lot of proof. Music television. They show any music. Oh, maybe like four videos a day. There's the same ones. Air, every stinkin' day. Everyone, every, it same video is daily. And I'm not talking about Carson. 560, 560, Pound 560 on the AT&T line out of town on 877785, 6345. I could actually read this on the air this night. But then of course, they'd have to write it down and they won't. Anyway, it's early. It's simple. I mean, there's not like a whole lot you get to eat. Or you couldn't lose 40 pounds in a month. But it's supposed to be like a chemical, you know what I mean? The balance of the food that you're eating causes it lose the way. Like for example, the first day for breakfast, they have black coffee or decaf or tear water plus a half a grapefruit slice of toast and two tablespoons of peanut butter. Which I'm assuming you can put on your toast. For lunch, half a cup of tuna slices of toast and coffee or tea. And for dinner, two slices of any kind of a meat about three ounces, a cup of string beans, a cup of beef. Oh! A small apple and a cup of vanilla ice cream. Oh! And then I got news for it. If I was on this diet, I would love vanilla ice cream. I'd love any flavor. I don't know if you could think of you going to do it for three days at a time and lose ten down. Now, I guess I could eat the beat. I could eat it like, you know, I just make that ugly. Look on your face. And just the grin and bear it, you know? Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. For a lot of Dale. Yes? You know, if you go back about halfly through a Mitch's phone call, you roll the tape back. You can catch when he's talking about Miami and what kind of a crappy place it is. Yeah. You catch the golden tones of Mitch Lewis saying, it's a nasty hole. The beautiful thing. OK. And I wanted to call you and find out if you... What was that? That was him. Oh. Five six seven. Oh, yeah. Very funny. Five six seven. Oh, five six. The pound five six. Yeah, he's crying to get anyway. Whatever that was. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami? Hi. Yes, sir. How you doing now? OK. Listen, I wanted to talk about Alan Greenspan. Yeah. You have mentioned that earlier on. I know you also think that a lot of people in the Miami don't have any political knowledge. I agree with you. But I wanted to actually wanted to disagree and dispute your fact that he was bankrupting America. Yeah. You know, my, I don't know. I didn't say bankrupting America. I said he's bankrupting me. Well, no, I understand what you're saying. You know what? Every time he comes on here, the market all of a sudden overreacting the Dow starts dropping and dropping and dropping and dropping. All of the NASDAQs up 49 points for anybody's got tech stock out there. Rhymes would direct. But anyway, no, you're up. You don't want to get to tell you. I actually think he's one of the most honest politicians. You're not even political figures. Yeah. You know, that's out there because, you know, if I tried to ask anybody out there, I mean, the economy of my opinion is the way it is because of him, Robert Rubin. Right. That's the problem. Robert Rubin has gone to that's a problem. I think once Robert Rubin left, and he brought this fact going in there. What does his name? I don't know what his name is. I know you're talking about the deaf people. He's the deaf people. Yeah, the fat, whatever is there. This guy got everybody panicky. And what does this guy need to be on there every week? Why can't he like prepare a written report for them? Why do we have to put it on television? Why does everybody have to get all the benefit of the shape and panicky about it? Why does he have to drop? I don't know. Yeah, but what does he have to threaten all the scare the crap out of all the investors? What's the point? You know, I agree with you. What does it do? It's a drama. It's political drama. If my nose were that big, maybe I would smell inflation all over the place, even if it didn't exist too. You know what I'm saying? I know. I think that's his problem. He's an ace Melsey. No, I know how to explain. Listen, you know, another thing is, uh... What is that? What's that sound? That's a little help me get, you know. It's just a stressful job, stressful people. Okay. Anyhow, nobody's listening. I also think that, you know, I mean, always guys that are running in these primarys, boarish and gain and paralysis. You know, Amy, the screw that man. You know what I'm saying? It's just like, I mean, grease pan. I mean, that's where the money counts. And yeah, I mean, he plays with it. He's playing with us. That's the problem. I don't feel good. Okay. I have a great day, Pat. You too, Pat. Okay. So there's a guy that likes yelling greens pan. Oh, I don't like him. I don't like him. Dangerous, devious, with my money. 567.0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. 877-785-6345. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. I know. Yes, sir. I go saying, uh, don't eat that cheese and don't eat the meat. But I'm glad to hear you're colon-directified. Um, when I mentioned, uh, everything's fine. Right. That's it. When I mentioned the, uh, FCC, uh, kind of long ago, same line to the green panware. This representation, but it's a pointed by that president. And, uh, now there's something else where they're trying to make, uh, uh, cellular phones. So you don't have to pay for incoming calls. And, uh, most of your views are just already. Right. Right. It's, uh, just here in the U.S. Uh, as far as I'm concerned, the only two things the FCC should do is allocate frequencies and uh, keep acquisition groups from buying up all the local stations. Right. And that's the only thing we ought to be doing that to the, the beginning. That's all they were authorized to do. Nobody ever authorized them to be the word police. This is something they made up as they went along. Uh, at the behest of people like Jesse Holmes, another right wing fanatics like that. That's what this is all about. The word police. Yeah. Oh, that's about all I have. Okay. And have a great day. And school the FCC. That's our comment here. Yeah. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Capri, I'm a commander, I think a preter. Well, he's using the one that's called us from out there. McFly was absolutely correct. And my biggest problem is that instead of just being able to sit back and understand, I mean, after 24 years, you think anybody with a half a brain would understand where he is, should I understand? Uh-huh. Yeah. But I don't know. I just can't accept it. I can't understand. And I can't understand. Well, I can't understand. I can't understand how I can get this out for the for well over two years now. Perhaps I have almost three years with a contact with the one of the beeslies in Greg Fraud or whatever his name is. They're not going to change. They're not going to get any better. So why do I do lude myself? Why do I frustrate myself? I'm over the fact that you can't make gold out of chicken crap. You can't do it. It is what it is. I find myself saying that almost every day now on his show. It is what it is. I mean there's a word that I'm looking for I think maybe the word is crap that might be it Here's Fort Lauderdale hello Hey Yes, sir. Oh, yes, I am Hello, speak to me. Oh, no Hey, don't this is data. I'm on a four-lot of data. Yes, sir. I want to come with me. You show for the first time I want to know some comments from me for me about things that you said about black people I want to know what the comments are about Martin Luther Coobs Day and why you said that You're listening to the show for the first time Yeah, and you had comments take it out of context past out of you and you want to know what they meant I'm not making any sense to you, sir Well, I'm trying to figure out what to show the buck because I'm here some pictures today Today, and I want to know if I want to keep this into your show and that well See if I can do it Hey, the way that I would listen to the show is if I enjoyed the show I would listen not because somebody else said that I said something or took it out of context No, I'm not saying for somebody else say I'm I'm talking I'm getting a straight from the horse's mouth That's a little bit I That's the way I am I like to get things straight from the horse's mouth. What kind of you like to know? I just want to know what's the what's the comment about Martin Luther King one Luther cool day and who yeah Who being black and who is being referred to about black people say it's like that cool and cool and dark black What's all our cool? What color are cool? What color are cool? Red cool's red cool's are great gray. Yeah, what shade? What shade are you? What shade what shade are you? What shade am I that's not the point the point is the point is the point you're talking about the shade of cool I want to know what shade you are Like you're like mocha there you go all right. Well you're okay, then we've set you into our program And oh now I'm except because I look like mocha if I look like a dark top Maybe then I wouldn't be a shot well we can have to as you have a much longer conversation Well we can have a conversation. I got a number of times. Well, I don't I have commercial break but have a great day And I see I should have pursued that what is immediate got nothing but time is this guy working or something what's that? See there's another ugly or serious type like these dark folks are got nothing but time on her hands and plenty of time Because they're not working. Maybe he works like a late ship. You think no 560 5050 5060 on the out of time whatever it is 18 T wireless line I'm all tongue tied after here about that Martin Luther Cumbiel this is 560 2AF But Neil Roger show sports radio 560 You This is Bob doll the face for ED erectile dysfunction speaking to you front of a classroom of children Heartland of America You know one out of every 10 American males has some sort of ED I've got five different kinds matter of fact my plumbing is so messed up Bob doll peas that is belly button Yes, small person You know that that feel and you get around your pelvis when you see a green barbo Whoa How about Josie from Josie in the pussycats Well, how about that genie in a bottle girl oh, yeah, I know that feeling there you go Bob doll doesn't have it because of ED no matter how much I rub the genie stays in the bottle Right now I'm 10 chapters into a hard-liquen romance and nothing Not even a stirring I have a satellite dish put in so I could receive 600 channels of hard core porn still nothing Well, that's what you bad watches when your mom's upstairs reading Every notice your dad changes the channel real quick when you walk in and slide to fell over his lap He's probably trying to find a way to work through ED either that or he's just a perv That I'm the whole sending the message to Americans you look here kid nothing that is a door now 122560 W to come do we believe that? Oh, sure do hey, there's another one going for a lady dole whatever happened Remember that remember those two or three days when she was a candidate. Oh, leave me dole Oh my god one of these people thinking about Everybody's gonna be the president and the people that stepped forward the people that stepped up to the place 99% of them are like morons miss this trogulvites 567560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line you got a town line for the entire universe is sitting there waiting on it Our pull question today by the way is are you a hockey fan? I think you're gonna be amazed when you see the result on this You think it was lots of said it on the John Henry in the baseball stadium Well, seriously, I think that this could cure me of my delusions are you a hockey fan yes, you know Very simple keep a simple Eric. That's all are you a hockey fan yes or no? And we can give you a final telly on that stadium thing as soon as they're okay I'll send it over to us Yeah, we'll do a different pull every day to get people over on neo-rogress.com Let's you put your little boat on there get a little bit of response See that Mitch Lewis might not be a hundred percent correct even though we know what our hearts that he is Here's a call in Miami. Hello Miami Miami Okay, have a nice life here's a mobile and highly a hello Good day Neil this sir good day Good day Neil um on the subject of things that are never gonna change for the better like the bees leaf I think bad I mean Sam Donaldson was a bad example to use as a I'm a rug subject Because that guy's gonna look like a meal with a rug on no matter what company Definitely yeah, most and the most part had one of all has to be that school board Guides framed yeah, he's got a nice piece man and I think he bought that as a pet shop Yeah, something like that and my wife has some categorized as the most regrettable man in south Florida Your what my wife has in categorized as the most regrettable man in south Florida Henry fraud Yes, okay, she was quick to point out that chupaculamoff that he asked to by the way. Okay You know, so all right, yeah, okay go go over to rental and call us later 567. 560 pound by 60 on the 18 T wireless line Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello Watch yourself cut the crap now Heal you know what I called uh having grinset yeah, I press Because every time you six man who all seen crumbles now Let me take a while guess I was the Yeah, the stuff you look the money on I Can't tell I can't almost bet that I got the right stock Well, what are you saying what are you doing? No, the you lost a lot of money I didn't lose a lot of money anything on paper. I lost a lot of money. I didn't lose a lot of money Well paper on the stock market. Yeah, I bet you I know whether it's fuck this talk was you You're gonna tell me I want to give you a guess. I want to tell you a stock okay, okay, listen Loosen to knowledge. No, no, no Never had one sentence. I already said on the air what it was it was the right at the Netherlands echo fund Oh, that's it. Oh, yeah, that we bought a $10.12 cents and as of yesterday was like 9.57 I'm making a little comeback and hopefully it gets near $10.00. I'll dump it. Got a lot of money on paper. What is it? You got a lot of money in it. Yeah How many how much money I have in it? I don't know I get like 40 seconds all this so you lost and that's Only when he lost half you said yeah I was wrong Okay, do you have any idea what that what he was talking to buddy was obviously one of your people I'd 567.05 that was my stock broker. Is that if yeah, probably you know your stock broker or your maybe it was your Oh, count No, he's one of your people. You notice I know he is not one of my people. Oh, I have nothing Did you know yes, I can I have I this devile any relationship in any way shape or form with the your accountant David His land is to fill in his rock and he's hockey and he he is a crazy person Certifiable belongs in a rubber room in a straight jacket somewhere with all the else has he them And I'll say it again that peace on 60 minutes on Sunday that I'm sure that a lot of people is already in salt But I'm sure that also that to use her to embarrass to talk about it And what they're doing to those kids and they're rocking back and forth and they're hockey and then reading all that crap And they're growing their pace and he's kissing them and zzz on the outside of the door before it goes in the building oh Jesus God talk about stone age the caveman our embarrassed bias Here's Pompano hello Pompano yeah, sir. Did you happen to watch the machine out if you follow me on the right No, I did not it is he build rattling and a core panoring to the black community like that to me That's the killer if I didn't see it how would I have well I mean you see you to see any extra certain I think a couple of clips yeah, but the clips they show basically where they're you know Screaming at each other calling each other names and do what do you think it's worth the pain or to the Christian right or to the Christian left like that like the We'll I'm in like a Democrats or what what is the Christian left? Well, then refer now sharp and I've spotted left as a gift Yeah, and Who does he represent? He wants the one person. Yes, but he he represents a good proportion of the black community feeling Oh, he doesn't no he doesn't oh I think you're wrong now I mean, that He's considered a very I mean let me ask you to get the ass is the black you want to have a conversation just want to scream Okay, it's there This is the black community trying to tell us it changed the laws and tell us how to live Yeah, they want change that they don't want to deal with the fun of action Sure, there's things that they want to do. No, I'm not talking about are there things that they want to do But are they trying to impose their religious views on the rest of us? Is the second fairs you make it to the Christian right there, right? Yes, because you know you're the one that made the comparison not made you're the one who said they're worse And I'm asking you are they trying to impose it? The body that he's called the Revenant and he's very heavy politics sir. What difference does it make how about the Reference Jesse Jackson? Everybody in the brother-in-law's are they obviously you don't like Al Sharpton and guess what need to do to why and have a great day Good jolly Miss Molly Whoo thank god we got so many political Ostupe people here in South Florida See I guess this guy doesn't bother him that you know George Bush spoke at Bob Jones University or that Gary Bower is endorsing John McCain Or that Pat Robertson made those phone calls and Michigan know that seems to bother this guy Al Sharpton has got nothing to do with my life. Okay, sir nothing Nine minutes after 12 o'clock in five 60 W to Q Oh In theaters now from the director of the talented Mr Ripley it's the talented Mr Bill hey Look everybody it's my new to wow and it's really hungry That's the face The talented Mr Bill and coming soon the talented Mr Peabody my name is Peabody I suppose you know yours How 14 at five 60 W Q I am don't forget our poll question on the annual larger.com on our website Are you a hockey fan yes, you know very simple very easy could be very revealing Could have a dramatic effect in altering the future shows that we do five six seven over five 60 pump five 60 on the 18 T line Out of town line is available for a 877 75 6345 Here's a mobile in bokeh hello Mobile is bokeh, yes, sir hey, you know how to go in the point It'd be quite as politically as a student that last guy talked about sharpness So I'm gonna change the subject talk a little hockey here I don't know if you've had a chance to listen to anybody else over the last couple of days talking about the mixorally deal But in between your breaks that flip over that other station of sand and they got two guys Over there that probably wouldn't know hockey possible a baseball talking a lot of mixedorally should be Props executed in the in the court and I'll be still called I guess floor a fan's calling in to give their two cents worth and It's just ridiculous just goes to prove that you know everybody down here the claims to be a fan Just They're ready I They are because I hadn't seen because the game didn't end like one in the morning. It was in Vancouver and I Watch a little bit early part of the game and it was like a blowout. It was for nothing man Covers, so there was no point in watching it so I hadn't seen it and yesterday I got a call about it And guys is oh, I thought what I thought you would have started your show with that so I turned on ESPN I saw the hit which was grow tested on the said but all right and he ought to be suspended the rest of the year and hopefully They'll make him retire and get his ass out of the game already But but you know when you try to talk about what's going on here or in our arena or with our team If forget it you can't buy a call. I mean, it's a frustration that's unbelievable and yet because See again, it was an active violence right away everybody's into what they've shown it on TV at least 50,000 times It's a happy day to go and it's and it's and it's it was how many new talk you fans and you know it's a great sport And there's definitely no place for what he did absolutely like all these people calling in now You should be three out throw them a jail and he really I'm sure they'll get their remaining 23 games at boss Yeah, right, but that's ridiculous and one other thing I know you got the dish so you get the NHL package, but you ever watch ESPN and watch Gary throwing a bill for them That be the games. Yes, I don't know what you're you know, I like those guys I ain't a lot of things are very good. I think a dairy foreign calls every game like it's the seventh team with all right It's no they do a real good job and I know your friends with the rim or anyway, so could you pass on and hit to him and pop it and have them You know have them flip them on everyone's want to take a hint I remember stop speak and pop in you know He's told me what happened in the game five minutes ago after he talked about his island today. Okay Say hi to Dave Kelly. See yeah and bill he was 567560 and then a galvan 560 on the AT&T wireless lunch. You that ties right it with our question on the website Are you a hockey fan? I think well, I'm not gonna say what I think Could be real revealing 56705 I mean what is there to say about the Barnabey? Sorley and Donald Bush here in sitting what is there to say it's unacceptable? It's gross test. It was subhuman and Get it's that out of there. That's all Not a lot to say about it. It was it was nauseating puke inducing And Donald Bush here by the way out of point out he used to be strictly a Google when he was Montreal He's come along ways and he's like a skilled player now. In fact, just the other night against Ottawa Scored and unbelievable a highlight real goal for a revank Hoover So he's not only a fighter, but he's like a real player now with some real skills which ought to be something to think about here for these so-called Panther fans For our soul obsessed with somebody that wears the same uniform number 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line Boy, you talk about chronic Man can this be the same Ted David we spoke to two days ago. Wow Neil Ted What's going on? I heard you make some disparaging remarks about not watching CMBC anymore because it was the green spad I said I'm not watching anymore today Okay, until you get his big nose off your screen. I see. Okay. I was concerned. You went into a panic Yeah, I'm down here now, but you know, I mean when I get back to you down here I thought I saw you yesterday No, no, I'm right. It's a moment in fact. I'm driving on Glades Road heading for 95 really Well, if you get out of the if you get out of the mall and uh had to turn down all these people who keep recognizing it It's very annoying and they're all looking for stock tips to know that that's the only thing I missed your David we know you're holding back. Can't miss that big good give us something good Actually what I get is this should you must be rolling in it All right, you must be you'll get all the good stuff. Yeah, there then there's the ones that are rolling in it And it's not money either Look at this the Dow's only down 71 in the next up 63 so what is it all bad? But what do you guys keep putting him on there? Why do you keep doing that? You know Because I know it's right and I realize you don't make the decision But you know it's one of those idol that every time his face shows up on a screen now and even if he's farce and it's not the right flavor You know the way the street the market is now everybody's running in there on the phone and they're on the internet Just do we just don't need to see him anymore Let me tell you though you know what the ratings every time he's on the ratings go up Yeah, and then they're in our portfolio goes down Well, that's another issue and yeah I'm not supposed to have any opinions if I had opinions Of course, I'd be wondering why he has to keep repeating the same thing over and over again, but I'm not allowed to have that opinion Well, why is he on here again today? I mean, this is the hump for your Hawkins You know Senator Paul Hawkins and then you would forget together and decided on this twice a year Congressional mandated Parents thank you Everyone's they're both dead I know but the legislation lives up and they're I see I mean once they both did us Gonna be gotten rid of this. I mean and right now he can't identify why can't he present a written report? You know Well actually some of the questions he does answer in in written form, but the fact is this is the the equivalent of the Fed chairman's equivalent of the state of the union Dress it's a state of the economy address twice once each house of the Congress and that's the way it works. Yeah With all the and by the way, I noticed that GE which is your parent company I don't want to get you nervous around because you're well aware of it But GE is really just you open up his mouth taken a big dive Oh, a GE because of the it has the financial armage G capitals considered a financial stock by some yeah, and on days when there's concern about tightening You see the banks dock the financials go down and they sent the GE is a Financial stock to some had some times it go down. Yeah You know why these when a market is doing well and not financial stock that makes those and refrigerators It's a great buying opportunity. Yeah, and what did I tell you about that which I can't mention because we're still in the quad period But about the company that owns this radio station. What did I tell you about that? That's going public in it. Well that's already has it's already in the Super like I predicted it's already open to 15 and a half it's 11 and 7-8 was today the IPO date now a period or we can have late You don't have any occasion don't ask this Ted David any questions you folks I said it him all he doesn't know from squat I don't vacation. I don't pay attention when I want vacation. Well, it's a good thing you're not paying any attention that one believe me What's the ticker symbol on it You don't want to know Come on. I don't have no idea what the ticker symbol is on your company I don't know the ticker's it no I'm in fact when I go on the internet to check it out just to make sure I have to look up a B E A S L E Y Am I I have to take off your jacket? Okay, measly measly I can't talk about it on the air because we're in the quiet period. I was in the quiet period. Yeah, yeah Well, I'm a good one of my quiet period, but again always a pleasure to hear you on the air Neil and I just wanted to be sure you weren't counseling people the tune out of CNBC on a permanent basis We love CNBC, but as I have it on there right now you got all the there's a cyclicals and here's Walmart and home depot in the Down and as that can the S and P in the 30 year bond, but in the upper right hand corner you got your friend up there again Why can't you just if you got to have a monitor make it like a real small tiny picture? So when you know the real good I so I can see I have suggested demandagement actually that we use the sap channel You know special out of your program Squeeze them up into a box and if you want to hear him you push the sap channel and you can hear him In other ways we go on at market watch your power You just said squeeze him into a box if you had any idea how appealing that sounds to me I'm gonna go Neil okay, we'd have to do here in South Florida. I see it. Bye bye Ted David says squeeze him into a box Does that what he just said? That's what I heard him say oh my Alan Greenspan Oh there we are sick of seeing how he got me to turn it back on again. That's why he called oh man Let's get back to much music get something good on there okay maybe we'll get 98 degrees or something worthwhile We're even at Jessica bitch that that's a practicing abstinence 560 560 560 how do you practice abstinence? How do you practice it? Maybe you should look at it right one of these days? Yeah, maybe Maybe they should change the name of the group from 98 to like 69 degrees because they certainly must be doing something You're on sand and her too Here's a call in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir Yes, yes, I am Yes, I just call to Everybody telling you leave Miami and things like that, but I already don't want to see you go. Yeah I want to hear you're listening. There's a we love you, don't you? I know we can't we will stand the same Love of your man. I'm I'm this this town is what life is all about I don't know you might not like it, but I love it here. Gotta do something for you Got great weather. We got friendly people. We got a lot of fun a lot of entertainment a lot of excitement all kinds of gambling because seeing those Big name entertainment what more can you want? We got you we got man of teas. We got caterpillars. We got all kind of we got cuckoo cones What more do you want? Yeah, I don't think I'm gonna go. I'm not going anywhere. We got the keys. I have a great day I'll start talking about those cones again that brother will call back in again with his uh Wider shade of pale or whatever he was talking about now we like him. He was a light complex a guy Not that we're racist done and show, but if you're a little bit too dark We're just not that we don't like you. We're just scared to hit the hell of you. It's the way works out Well here's some lunch. That's beautiful. That's nice. Have a little fork with that. I'll be on set Just fork it over oh Wait a minute. What's this? I said the same stuff that we always get. I didn't say this necessarily this all the way. We'll pick through this but you know Thanks Brad. Thanks to our friends at Tony's. I don't want to start pitching because believe me. Never look or give towards any Right home now Great premium. I mean boy we can hop up the free food here like you wouldn't believe that's what it's all about getting the free meal Get in the big fat paycheck Which George has got one of those two down to a science 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line out of town line 877 785 60 T 45 and just to show you how boring this town is like Mitch Lewis said you know I'm saying that's all right Ted David comes down here twice in three days. He's calling on their show Because his whole experience here in South Florida comes here to listen to this show To drive around in here this show. This is the only thing so you people out there that give me a son at a dance in a hard time If I left here this guy they would officially pronounce this down dead The O.A. in a box like Alan Greenspan Isn't that what Ted said? Here's a mobile on the alley hello Hello, yes sir. Hi, Neil how are you great great good afternoon I'm an old-time friend I've been on a few times I'm from the Pinger Lake South where you from I have a little stock tip I don't know if you've ever gotten into the wreck's all The new line that they have been in my song I had a prescription feel there once about 10 years ago Well now they're all on the internet and if you would go on a wreck's all dot com Backslash b-sister You can get a newsletter And If you get one of their our websites you can buy their stock for half price and it's not gonna deal right now Who is it? Hey, who what stock I rep saw You know the drugs they want to use to have a point to know I'm from you these brings up But why should you be able to buy their stock and have price what is the rationale being? Well, what happens is if you go to that rxl dot com backslash b-sister You can get a newsletter Yeah, they let's they let the people sell their item now worldwide Yes, and if you do get into that Well then you can I'm gonna deal on their stock and And instead of how is that possible how can anybody buy a stock at half price? I don't understand that well if you get into the letter Into that website yeah, what you do is you can you can get your own website and sell their item off the internet Which is basically a word by mouse and they get out of it. It's like a pyramid scheme. It's like am way Well, not really I'm the internet. Yeah Okay, thanks a lot See in Geneva 560.0560 pump 560 on the ATT. Do you have any idea what you're talking about? No, no, no, no, no, stop quiet. It's the fact I'm sick of snow They know the daddy Watching the kids David's Rodsey Which is the end We couldn't turn free He reached the club He lived up Workwork You'd never Have guessed it You are far That it was bad He's a fanciola And then I'll go home We take David's Rodsey Couldn't find Tommy Lee He's a scantooner And it went away again Muayu is going to be accident He's a scantooner All right 1232 at 560 QI was just a Miguel was just in here for a couple months. I said hey Miguel I've ever considered being a sperm donor He ran out of here like you wouldn't believe Don't forget Miguel will be what is with George and Bulkabri and yours truly a terminal in the casino in Hollywood This Saturday noon to two will have the apprised wheel there or we're giving away a bunch of stuff Probably not anything we need to grape or we'll be there and they'll be gambling going on whether they hurt like they're not how do you like that I Cache missed the beginning of the show turned to page 14 b In today's Miami-Herald and read that first editorial a questionable bet and it says it's bad enough that the state sanctioned gambling in any form One of the I line that will live in infamy one of the worst lines written in the history of Uranalism and I use that term really Scored skirt loosely 560 750 5060 pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Let's take a call in sunrise. Hello sunrise Neil yes sir the game the other day and they have to know that you know the Monday. Yes The glass broke right yes What I here is that the only had two pieces of glass and one was too small and the other one was the right size Yeah, now it's a pro's there Another glass cut knocked out well. I didn't so have a great day Suppose the roof fell into your house in about two minutes. Okay pal suppose chicken little came fly into the roof And cracked all over your head Another one of those uplifting calls from the real happy people in South Florida God It took 20 minutes which I would say is about the average time it takes the fix every year I've seen that happen a few times does napkin very often and it took 20 minutes and life went on and that was it and had no bearing on anything else But here's a guy who's got such a richful life that he's sitting there worried about supposed another pain in glass Little broken and they wouldn't have the right size 16,000 open lines here all of a sudden now 560 I think I'll just get much Lewis to call back in again And he and I will just go on and on and on and on do a monologue for hours and days and weeks about this deadly as place Here's a lady in Miami, hello Lady in Miami Hello, yes, man Can you be nice enough to tell me where I could get that diet that you mentioned on the radio? I heard that diet 20 years ago Yeah, and it used to be called the airline stewardest diet Yeah, and I have been searching high and low That's why it and it was a miracle that I heard you mentioned it on well, what did you hear about it? Well, that it worked it's shed or wait more accurately really Yeah, I can imagine why because first of all you're not eating very much and even if there isn't anything that the chemical breakdown that they say You're reading so little that I can imagine you'd be losing some weight for 10 pounds in three days Sounds pretty exciting to me. It sure does Yeah, and And you don't go hungry So where can I go work and I find work and I send the way for it? I don't know because somebody facts it to me Would you like us to maybe you a senior or copy of it? Oh, I've been eternally grateful Okay, hang on. Thank you. Wasn't that nice? Oh? I am today. I'm in a good mood. Hang on, sweeter. Okay, line five listen at lady wants to copy of this can we do that can we make a copy this is editor How about we put it on the site? Well, she's on five ask her if she has a computer which I doubt I mean she started like somewhat of a Middle-aged lady she didn't sound like somebody has a computer all she might we can do that too Then we won't have a minute people calling in the same when you send me a copy because the answer will be no, no, we won What Oh Well, be sure bring it back because I'm gonna have to read it on the air because in querying minds. I don't know and then a lot of people on the audience will get real sick Maybe die from it and then I'll say see it because of that fat fat got a radio We are went on that diet. I'm not recommending it somebody just passed it to me Find out if she's got a Computer or somebody in a family's got a computer and it'll be on our website Then we won't have to do it but I'll be more than happy to have Joe's making a copy right now We'll set her a copy of it. They could very happy make her day so I'm not such a prick after all the day, right? No, well Here's sunrise. Hello Yes, sir a couple things first of all bomb If you go out of town you'll listen to your to the station on the internet, right? Yes, and a couple more things for somebody like me I just want to get in shape. I don't need to lose any weight Do you know any of any specific diets and also a shameless request if you just play the algore To a macaroni all right, thank you Man Woo, he was good He was good and he was fast. I'm telling that. I mean in no time at all court score. He was done Now, what do you want to hear the algore macaroni? You know I don't know any specific types of Now, algore I have never heard or seen a fool Four years ago you gave me your nominated to be by the front This is some ground I've been watching you during that Monterey and on television And if I could have your silence I would like to demonstrate for you one Algore Dirtw Mountains Material Lake Ambassador to An Fighter Association When you are a alarm goes off to the morning. Lock the rain. And one of your children reaches for cereal and fruit. Lock the rain. Lock the rain. Lock the rain. Lock the rain. Lock the rain. Lock the rain. Lock the rain. Oh, God. Well, today is the day. But if you've got to know that when I told you, you wouldn't be losing as much as you're going to do that. I can't tell you what we're talking about with your castelow on the air. But, uh, don't be so stupid. Yeah. That'll give you a clue. Why wouldn't you listen to me? I mean, do I have some vested interest one way or the other? I mean, try to give you a good piece of advice. I told you in the first place don't buy it. But you won't listen to me. Maybe what it's doubt about five would be a good time to sell it. That would be good. Maybe he reckoned your decision was personal and nature. No, it's based on personal knowledge and experience. That's what makes it that much more dechize that much more binding as in the bright. That's okay. Hey, listen, when it gets down to five, sixteen, you'll be in great shape. Just like that Boston chicken nourishment. 21 before what? Oh, and I speak of it today, but all the experts on CNBC that was like two years ago. Oh, yeah, Boston market. This is going to, it's very under price. It's only 15. But, oh, I'll be a broker. All the hot shot houses were recommended. Yeah. What is it now? One, one, five hundred and thirty seconds. Something like that? Uh-huh. Yeah. It's not Boston chicken. It's just chicken shmit now is what it is. I'm a fat Jew. It's always the same old story. I want to have sex with women, but I hate dating. I certainly don't want to get married again. Excuse me, have you tried a hooker? A hooker? What's that? Yes, there are only ages that mail on our species. That's read line on women of casual moral stock, who proudly exchange sexual favors and return for a small one-time monetary demand. I got me a hooker to do that thing. My wife usually only does on my birthday. I've done it right. Look at you. So I don't have to keep chasing after you're best, you know, more. Hey, that rock girl. Incidentally, early settlers from Frecklare to Circuit Court Judges who are brain-finding men overseas, working girls of served a valuable role in our communities, providing that needed release, fat households, or just too busy in today's modern best-face for all-door comedy. Wow, Bob. I can't wait to emmold enough to get near smelly disease-midden cesspool of a broad? Ah, some days, son. Some days to learn more about the fascinating world of hookers can so-to-local public one. Very well. Boy, here's the thing called radiodigest.com. Another local radio-yenta that's right in the box. People like Mindy Lane. Have you ever heard of this? Oh, boy, you don't want to hear about it. He's got a big piece. Let me give you a clue while she writes about it in here. Yeah. Veteran Broadcasters among us. We ensoum Florida, our fortune of, and that's several major market radio pros, either retired or still on the year. I've very much alive in the world in the area. Wasn't that long ago that we saw Johnny? Remember we went over and got the guy to tour the box building over there a couple of years ago? Did he look alive to you? No. I just spoke to him. He's alive. How can you tell? But anyway, it goes on and on about the Johnny dark. And the end of it, it's kind of interesting, as it says. Well, okay, 14 to one at 5.60. What is this? What is this with these phones this week? This week is the craft, man. I just don't get it. We went to the break. We had to have at least six or seven calls. Didn't we go into the break? Yeah. Now there's one. They now really don't care enough to send their very best. But they're in a hurry these days. They're real, real busy. They're getting ready for the Grammys tonight. They're going out and by 20 or 30 Cakes a beer. Getting all ready for the grab and going out. But just snacks, you know. Here's a mobile and high, Alia. Hello. Good morning. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Who are these people? What the least thing that George W. Bush is saying? Well, I've never heard of you before. There aren't too many of them. Because he's losing his ass. But he's got some. Uh-huh. And he's got six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the eighteen, two wireless lines out of town on eight, seven, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, sixty, three, forty, five, retard, oh. That will be retarder. That was the one call we had left at the board two, by the way. That was the one that hung on. That'll retarder. Did it get on the air? No. No. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. How are you? Okay. You know, you are so funny. I can flirt to call and say that not all of us are more on. We love to listen to you. You're funny. You get us home. Yeah. Fabulous. And where's the response? Where are the people? Where are the calls? Where's something? Where's the, you know, where's the beef? Well, they're probably a little bit. Shoot them. Intimidated. But um, can I have a real quick shameless recall? They're intimidated by what? Well, because I think they're afraid that if they sound like a more on you're going to bust them. Well, well, well, well, well, listen, if they're listening to the show, I mean, they have a lot of companies. So what difference is it make talking about morons? This is, because you play Joyce and Elders with the toast. You're that crack. You're young, isn't it? Okay. Thank you. You've got it. Like, hi. This is Jocelyn Elders and I'm man. Man, it those right wing firms and bitches that force Bill Clinton fire me. Just hold on to hell. They think they are. All I was trying to do was deal with the reality of sex and teenagers. Maybe a Jesse Holmes had busted a check on new gang rich had butted the corner little more. It wouldn't be so uptight. Slug and a dog never hurt anybody. And if people did a little more that we might save from live, Helen Clinton just stayed home and spent the monkey. He'd even be in the outside water. Teaching kids about masturbation would be no big deal. We could even take some standard teaching tools and just twist them around a little bit like seeded. We did it. When you see that, you get to the doctor because you picked up a bank and a crowd skricking. Folks, we got to get real about the realities of the world we live in. There are too many kids out there taking a baloney ride and parking their yacht and hair harbor. Now, we just teach them to stay home and paddle the pickle, pump the python, walk the dole, wax the carrot or tickle the taco. We don't all be better off. That's all I have to say. Now, I'm going home now and see if Mr. Elders wants to pop it in the toast and hail oyster and burn the grill. Alright, let me be for one at 560W to come. We got Hank and Chulus today at 2 o'clock. Booshabi at the 6 to 630 briefly. And then we got Panthers 3 game at 630 big big drug addictine tonight. Panthers at the Washington Crapitals 7 o'clock tonight. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. The toll free line is 87778560345. How come nobody is called and knows about this Saint Joe hospital medical center diet. That was fact to me and I've very nice. I won't call she wanted, which we're glad to send her a copy of it. But there are much more likely to call when they want as opposed to give it some information that might be useful to everybody else. Here's a number of pines. Hello. Hey, how are you doing now? Okay, sir. I think I got before you be wanting to know. If you want to know what we're talking about. Yeah, we do want to get a life. Yeah, but yeah, I just want to tell you that you know, I've got many times yesterday on the website. Did you get the followers over back here? What do you mean you've voted many times? On the on your poll. Did you get the results back here? Yeah. Did you think you get the results? How many times did you vote? Twice. Oh. I wanted to, but I didn't want to ski with too much. You know, that would be. But what was the result yesterday? 299, no and 41 yes. I think those people that said 48 yes. I think they should go out and be lynched. But I think you have people voted 10 times. And I wouldn't be surprised. I think John Henry voted the other 38 times. Could be. But I know you don't like taking more questions much, but I got one shameless one. You played the we went out of a trip and we heard the anesthesia guy could you play him? Anesthesia guy. You remember him? The guy he was off your nugget CD. Anesthesia guy? Yeah, the guy about the Elvis Dam. Oh, yeah. Okay. 560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T. Why was lying? Is there anything you need to do? We have to believe. Okay. I think the anesthesia guy is perfect for today for this audience. We have 600 open lines written in the moment. No waiting. 560, 0560, 0560 on the AT&T line. Here's a moment in my amy. Hello. How are you doing, Nail? It's Pete. Okay. Can you do me a favor? I'm a young guy. I'm 22. I voted once. I don't really know who to vote for. I didn't listen to you seem pretty knowledgeable. Can you just tell me a little bit about the top candidates. So maybe I can figure out who I should vote for? No. 560, 0560 on the read a newspaper. Watch the debate. To do some homework. Come on, Pete. Get with it. Stop acting like some kind of a quizzling. You sound like a decent guy to me. Do a little bit of homework. Work on it. And the information too. And what's the good place that we can go? You know, we're a good restaurant. And when we go to that Chinese place, how do you really attack that buffet? How what kind of a game plan? You had that old Tom Landry game plan that he left it as bedside just before he hit the big bullet. Perfect dirt nap. What did that big plane feel in the sky? You got that? Oh. Come on, Pete. Start watching those guy then debate. Start doing some reading and start getting with it. Get up. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, no. Yes, I am. How are you doing? Okay. I have a couple of quick questions for you about George W Bush. All the money that he's raised, the $80 million plus. Yeah, most of the, all but 14 million, which has been spent by the one. Yeah. Where did it go? The 70,000 goes to all the advertising and all the campaign workers, but mostly, for advertising, TV and radio. But doesn't it get to keep any of that stuff after the campaign? Well, I mean, you know, what's a few million out of the table? I don't know. That's a very serious. Don't tell you. And for that also, and Jake McDonald's. Yeah. On the hockey plan. I'm not sure if you're talking about him or not, but he's a nice guy. I think he's very good. And what he does for Randy Mueller during the broadcast is amazing because Randy used to sound like with whiffers, then, the Chris Moran. Yeah. He used to sound like a Moran. And you'd always be cut off and he was always hanging around and, and you would be stepping on him and, it would sound very, very, very, bushily. But for, yeah, yeah, it was like bushily. Now he sounds, he's very credible. He's right on top of things and the impact that he offers in the during the course of the game. Well, Randy's a good guy. If he drops a stop trying to be Mike Lang Jr and stopped trying to be an amateur comedian, if Randy would just to play a straight so to speak, and stop trying to be a buffoon, he'd be a hell of a lot better. He's a good guy. Just like, Jim, he's a good guy, but yeah, that's the way it is. Well, I tell you, I think they toppled my personal finial listen to the games and, from beginning to end with those two, but I think they compliment one another very well. And they give you a picture of what they're trying to do. And he hallway, they compliment each other, he's a good guy. And so about Randy's new hairdo. So, have a right day, pal. I'm not that close again. I think closing very quickly. The thing you said about the bitch yesterday, and the other bitch from the American F and Way bitch, don't many bitches in so little time. You've got your head right on the money. And in closing is shameless request. Yes. Bandolant. Do you remember the, for my good, our good, our articulate black friend, Sandolant? Remember that one about the deer, because you guys call 911. You got kicked out of a crack kick, I don't know, by a deer? No. Okay, have a great day. Do we have the interpreter here today? Oh, we have a lot better show. If I understood what tell these people we're talking about, or maybe not, maybe doesn't really make any difference. 5605050, Pond 560 on the AT&T line. 877-785-6345 on the World Famous line. Here's a lady in poor waterdale. Hello. Hi, me, yes, man. Hey, I just could have told you how great you are and started the world much more. I listened to you every day. And I don't have any of it here either, but I found it. You know, don't give up. You sound good. I listened to the other time. Right about the, the age of the night is that not a troker. What? About the one? All those, as a bait, seven, 12 TV. Instead of talking about things that the American people want here, they're putting each other down. Yeah. Who's the most, the biggest, who hates the Catholics the most, the way to the board again. And I do fear what? It's something 20 years ago. Yeah. Well, let's say what do you expect? Yeah. Yeah. So, well, I think it's sound great. Okay. I have a great day, sweetheart. Okay. Bye-bye. She said I sound great, right? Oh, so she said I sound great, God, damn it. 567-0560, Pond 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. World Famous Line. Can we add a call from four mires today? No. Naples? No. Or Charlotte? No. No. The needin? No. 125650 QAN. Headcap with nose discours. Learning a dance of a last key in. We've nice only on sports radio 560, QAN. No. No. No. Tell me if you're a year old. If I had to go to the lottery day. Hey. But heads. It's a one to two hour. Do you feel? Uh, I have, I wanted to discuss something a little more serious this Sunday. Well, I doubt it. Well, anyway, about five years ago, why was it invited by the late Bill Corder to come to the station? And I spent about 45 minutes on the air with him. Right. I had just written a book on the history of the industry. And he was very interested in me. Got a lot of interesting calls. But why I'm calling now is that there's been all this talk about an Elvis Presley stamp. And whether people should vote, whether they say young Elvis or an old Elvis and someone. Yeah. Now, one of the biggest things that has ever happened in history and mankind. You know, it would be the perfect Elvis record for the stamp? I don't know. Stuck on you would be pretty interesting. Wouldn't that be a good idea? That could be the music behind the stamp. You, if you go that will be an absolute free. But anyway. Okay. Now, what I'm getting at is one of the greatest things that ever happened in the history and mankind. It's twice the crap in the movie. Yeah. I've written 60 years ago two years from now in 1844. And that was the discovery of anesthesia. And that anesthesia? I remember that by Pat Bull and I'm dot records by 1957. Well, it's not. I really serious. I don't want to be serious. There's a real point of it. What is it? The audience is falling off like they're on anesthesia. No. Because that is a real point of it. Yeah. The point is that what is the campaigning to try and get a postage. Sam to the discover of anesthesia. Yeah. And the post office committee, the handles, it says it. It's not a great enough significance. But apparently, Elvis is more important than a man who's getting... Damn right. Okay. How many hits did they have? I think he's got the success. No. What? There's no gift. There was ever given the mankind. That's more significant. Because with anesthesia, you can do every type of surgery that's done today. Yeah. Now, well, maybe we could have one with a scalpel on it. Then we could have some stamps like with little body parts on it. Oh, I think the thing is... And what was like a thing of ether on one stamp and like a gas mask on the other one? Well, it's the discovery. Just a stamp, sir. Why don't you lighten up a little bit? Who gives a crap what's on a stamp? The next time that you need to have anesthesia, if you need to go to a hospital. No, I got news for you. If I need to have anesthesia, what do they have? A stamp or not, I'm still going to get it. Of course. I don't think it's significant enough. I mean, I pre-get my mother, too, but are facing an an a stamp. You're really... It's really very difficult talking to you. Well, of course it is. The idea. Well, I'm sorry. The lamin... Huh? I'm sorry, though, colder is that I could talk to him. But it's too cold. Well, what does that mean? No, I mean, it's so cold. I mean, it's so cold. I was one of my best friends. What is any of your sorry he's dead? Because you could talk to him. What if he didn't talk to him? And you have a different opinion? Then it would be okay, right? Point is I'm trying to get you. I'm trying to get you. I'm trying to generate some interest. Well, nobody cares. Don't you understand? Don't you understand? Don't call her to give a crap about anesthesia? Well, he's gradually having me speak on his radio. Yeah, and he told me that it was the sorry his thing he ever did to the day he died and regretted it. But his death bet he told me I only wished that I wouldn't have done that one show. I can imagine that. I've been on the today show. Oh, God, one of those numbers are dropping like a rock. I was thinking about it, please. Okay, I'll get off the object off the object off the object off your line. I won't bother getting more. Well, listen, have a great life. Thank you. Don't be so uptight about it. Man, he needs some serious anesthesia right now. Okay, it's a 104 at 5.50 W to 2. Have any Wednesday, Tia? We're in a coma here today. In case you didn't look around. Not the anesthesia. We're just in a coma. It's the atmosphere to the environments. 5.6705.60. Pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line. So nobody's going to call us about to sink your hospital medical diet. I'm going to stick it over here in the back with a whole bunch of other stuff. It's sitting back there waiting for some day that we're going to write more to talk about it. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Great. Is it okay if I'm talking about some hacking? Anything you want here. This is America, man. This is your moment in the sunshine. Let's do it. Okay. I'll act that we see those poll results today. This could be the last day we mentioned the AT word on the air because I have a feeling it's going to be devastating. But anyway. What you think in today's paper about what happened to McSorty there? I mean, what's wrong with it, guys? What's wrong with him is that he's nuts and he was irresponsible. I'm so sick and tired of them showing him under a apologizing and it's just not his way. He didn't mean it. But you know, something he did it. You know, it was Ted Bundy could say the same thing. I didn't mean to do it. You know, he should start about that before he did it. Right. You've got to go, man. He has to go. Bye, bye, Marty. You old hack you. Bye, bye. I'm from Buffalo, so of course I'm a safer fan. Yeah. What do you think with this hands? I mean, do you think they might? I mean, they get some scoring. I think that they're going to be dangerous. I hate to say it, but they look to me like they're going to be dangerous. That game they play against Jersey the other night. And even though they just barely squeaked by three, two, four, for really bad officiating, they would have buried their ass in that game. They played a hell of a game. And now that he's back, even though beer on play great in at five shutouts, and that kid's going to be a great goalie, but the hashick they play tougher for him. You know how that is? When he's in there, they play a lot harder for him. And they're going to be tough. Even though I was out of scoring, I'm going to tell you the most underrated player in the National Hockey League right now. Okay. I'm going to tell you the most underrated player is Mirro Shotan. Yeah, he is. God is he good. He's good. I mean, he doesn't go to camp and he's still at the place like he does. And that kid is a player, man. I'll tell you that right now. At the same as don't want to pay him. I mean, every year it seems like he's the last day because they don't want to pay him. Yeah. I don't know what's wrong with him. You got to understand though they're losing their ass there in Buffalo. What's a small market? I mean, you know, how can they compete at the Miracle? They went all the way to the finals last year. And it looks like they're going to be tough again this year. They do it with Mirro's, I guess, but they just can't afford to pay roll. Plus they're playing Hashtag, an arm and leg. So, you know, there's not a lot left over there. And I can only say so much for the Panthers with fury. Now, I mean, that guy's from the label. He's a big. Have a great day, pal. Thank you. And go leave school. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T, where I was lying. The other town line is that line nine working hour. What's the story with that line? Sounds like it's working to me. What a bunch of deadheads we got in this town. And I think mixed Lewis at a point. Oh, yeah, me. I think he had a pointer two or three. Let's do the goddamn show from Beverly Hills. Let's do it in the middle of China town out there. Let's do it somewhere. Let's do it in Disney World. Disneyland somewhere. 560, 70560, pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Out of town line is waitin' eight seven seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five. On a desperate win today. I mean, desperate. Here's a lady mobile and Del Ray Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, man. I just want to thank you very much for talking about Panthers. I got into hockey about a year ago. Yeah. And I learned a lot from you. And I'm a female and every day in the way to work, I'm going to work now. You make me laugh. I just want to thank you. Okay. Thank you, sweetheart. Bye bye, dear. Bye bye. Bye bye, everybody. Bye bye. I see both of Ryan's in a building now. Maybe we got some interesting crap. We're going to play. I just let's play his crap. Okay. Get out of here today. These people there are killing me. They're brutal. Even at Ted David a day, you hear what he said about Alan Green's ban in a box. Something like that. Not that I would paraphrase. What I something about to put in that old big nose to whatever was he said. Eight minutes after one is five sixty WQMs. The sports leader. We have no reason. Sports radio five sixty. QAF. And beat that gator me. Five dead. And asshole. Very. And big mouth. And causing trouble. And see your sight. Move in two and five. And see your sight. Those dead are starving. Back in the kitchen for day below. And you know why I went to the after what that must be. You're so crazy too. If that crazy you can bring to me. After all of my hit records. All of that my dad ever said was so big. Thanks to find a job. When you get back from feeling love. Yes, I get. You've been at home. Oh, big mouth. You've been at home. Yes, he's all right. You've been in his mind. You've been to the floor. Those dead are starving. Drugs. And the kitchen for day below. At the high. A lot of them. They are today. They know it's never lost. But in all seriousness. I always said it. We'd have to focus on my kids. And I'm not sure if you're a fucking little re-tod. But my funny. As you'll never walk along. Goodbye. Please. Hey, are you dead? Please, Ted. Kate, tell. Great men. Number seven, 120. I'm like, wait, this song's up low. Especially if I'm a lady in your life. I'm jelly, I'm a lady. When I hit you, I'm crazy. Nobody's a song for your baby. All the chippered in my love. My sir himself. A miserable, super star entertainer. Cherry, look at this. I think it's your favorite city of song. I'm a lady, lady. Lady, lady, lady. I should brought by big red dead. It's amazing. Come at me. I'm up 748, love songs for your lady. Oh, this is really remastered in all performed by the masterful superstar Cherry Lovers. I'm a cherry, but he's a joy to you. I can't tell right now. I think they are very special. Music of tribute to the lady. You're got this arrow's fifth climbing. That is the next R unwitter. You thought this is actually the first T mode of bass bagedrum. It's like a lady and two points a line. Insert it. At least your mouth co correlated with a parrotose. So, when would each hit never sounded better? Yeah, They know. They know that showwaves and meet your Yeshal. Then let's measure is basically Gets their Carnation of the Super Hit from a Tung-pop. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I'm a little bit nervous. I can't make any of you, sensitive to gim and Here's a mobile and tamarack, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah, yeah, now I just wanted to tell you, I happen to be one of a few Christians probably. Now, listen to your show that absolutely applaud your attack on the church. Yeah, I really appreciate it. Good for me. I cannot find every in your observation. There's nothing worse than entitlement assholes in totem it up, noxious assholes. You want to dictate everybody else how they should live. I love late. And I really appreciate if you keep the going because it's just fucking over me and putting great stuff. Okay, thanks. And I guess the God just did if he just got on his phone line. He works in mysterious ways. God got on his cell phone line and like that to him. How do you like that, sir? I'll see you down below. Okay, pal. I have a burning desire to see you soon. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Don't forget our very important poll today. Maybe Eric will fix this over and let us know how that poll is going so far. Are you a hockey fan? Yes or no, very simple. Very easy. And the idea that there are people in this town talking about Martin McSurley and Donald Brishiro on the year is so laughable to me. When these people don't even know who got them. Ray Whitney is. They wouldn't know only Kavasha from Ola Cassini. And all of a sudden, their experts on Martin McSurhead. Yeah, right. Likely story. Well, we saw it on ESPN who was disgusting. Yeah, okay. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Mobile in Bokeh. Hey Neil, are you a play you hockey many years ago? Five, about 18, 20 years ago. Yeah. And I went up to Port Hope on Perio for Roger Mealson's hockey school. And I thought you'd get a laugh out of this. One of the guest players, the teacher of kids, was Colin Campbell, Cole Campbell. He got in a fight on the ice with one of the other players. Yeah. It was a guest somebody from I think was Minnesota North Star at that time. Yeah. And now, Colin Campbell's enforcing the, I believe what the penalties in the end of the day. What is that mean? Because he once got in about five in a hockey game. What does that mean? Well, not in the hockey school. What a hockey school got in about five. Yeah. I agree. You got into a fight with great Batman and the elevator in New York. Really? That's what I heard. That's what I just said. That's new. The nasty guy. I remember he just broke out. Well, then he should be in expert on that's good. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound, five, sixty on the AT&T line. I think this is the last edition of the New Roger show for a couple of months. I think I'm taking some time off. Wait until this audience decides they want to make it come back. This is, it's getting to be two pandrists for me, man. Two pandrists. Vegging and squeezing and pushing and pleading. Founded just a mixed Lewis was right on target man. Bro, he had his thumb on it. Here's a mobile and homestead. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, first time call. I think you do a great job in. I wanted to talk you about that three day diet. Yeah. I broke my spine in 1978. They took me on that diet in the hospital. And I lost quite a bit of weight. But I just put myself back on it now because I've been doing maintenance on my weight. And I really lost a few pounds. I don't know. Just not to say, my guess it only helps if you're in hospital. When you're in the hospital, you'll lose weight like crazy with or without any special diet. With a food that they give you, you'll lose weight like you're on a caring carpet or diet. Yeah, I was in traction for almost 12 months. Yeah, that'll do it. And I lost a little over 70 pounds. You know, but I came to that all back in 10 years. Yeah, there you go. Okay, I'll do it. Anybody know what he just said? No, he said, don't go to the hospital because it'll make you sick. 560, 50560 on the AT&T wireless line. 8 to 10 here's a call from four miles. I can't believe it. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? By the way, the vote is 34. Yes, 17. No. For the hockey question. 34 hockey fans in 17 are not. That's, that's a prize is me. I thought it would be like 100. No, and two. Yes. Well, the 32 don't know what they're talking about. I'm not, we're not asking are they knowledgeable hockey fans? Because if that were the case, it would be pretty weak. Pretty weak. Yeah, I was just wondering, like I heard, it was maybe a little over a week ago. I was listening to Bob and Tom. Yeah. And they were talking about a story about that football guy, the high school football player in Texas. Did you hear anything about that? No. The school board in Texas, the guy was like a decent student. What they did is after he, they went back a semester after he graduated. And we did away with the letter grade D. So he could get a scholarship to a school. Yeah. So I read this thing. That's amazing. That you do. They went back. But if it is in Texas, yeah, well, though, to understand this is football, you're talking about man's more important than anything else in Texas. Just ask your disability. He'll tell you. Yeah. I just thought that was amazing. I don't know if you heard about it or not, though. Sure. Give me hope for the future, man. Exactly. I was arrested in the world. Have a great day, pal. I'll read it. 567, 85, 056, the pound five 60 on the AT&T Wallace line. One hard-bworld egg, one slice of toast and a half of banana for breakfast. See, I'm with me a half of banana. Just doesn't cut it, you know? You know what I'm saying, Miguel? Here's a mobile-in-port lottery. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Good morning. I'm being with us tonight. Good morning. You know, I think that's when what do you think about the little injection or the new technology profigion for this? I think it's great. I say, when it doubts stick it to him, baby. Just line him up. Line him up. Try the rest. Give him the juice. The fact that we don't say that. Let's give him the juice. I'm a second, my shameless request. You're five-driven, I'm 95. Can you play the I'm 95, I'm 44? You know, something that's been a coincidence I've played that thing, you know? Yeah, I've got an hour to say. Okay. You've got it, Mon. We have a play this before Jesus was a fetus, you know? You think Jesus was ever fetus? No. You think he was born whole? Don't talk about it. Don't talk about it. I was born whole, so I'm a child man. And I can't. If born with any grandmonds, I'm going to really keep this up. Because they suck. You don't say enough. Well, I was driving down on 95 the other night. Somebody nearly took your right off the road. I'm going to sign it. What's going to do any good to get man? I wrote a song about him. It's been. It goes like this. Where's he gone? Oh, I'm an asshole. Yeah, I'm sure he did. He worked it in the cheerful night. Oh. Either way, it worked out fine. You're an asshole tonight. If you're an A, That's that thing, so well-heat. And don't you try to explain it to me. You need to hold a credit. You're an asshole tonight. And we're an asshole. You can't drink. You're an asshole tonight. You're an asshole tonight. Everything I've got to feel. Being an asshole, the rest of your life. You're an asshole. Oh, I was talking to your mother. Just here tonight. You're an asshole tonight. Oh, I was talking to your mother. Just here tonight. I'm going to be like... Shoulder I call you an asshole. Stid you. I think you're right. Yeah. And all your friends are apple. But you know that you're whole life. It's not about exozy. You've got an apple for life. Are you sure? Where you fall on an asshole? Oh, where did you work? It ain't the shareholders. It ain't the way it worked out by. It's here and I. Well, congratulations. Get a life. Hold the night. Oh, right. Excellent. I'm going to tell you what's going on. I'm going to tell you what's going on. I'm going to tell you what's going on. I'm going to tell you what's going on. I'm going to tell you what's going on. I'm going to tell you what's going on. I'm going to tell you what's going on. I'm going to tell you what's going on. I'm going to tell you what's going on. I'm going to tell you what's going on. I'm going to tell you what's going on. I'm going to tell you what's going on. I'm going to tell you what's going on. I'm going to tell you what's going on. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. There's 43 votes that's 10.5%. No. No. 365 votes that's 89.4%. No. Absolutely positively. No. Way Jose. How do you like that? Talk about overwhelming. Talk about. I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Exactly. 1 26 is 560 WQA and the other town line is 0.8775. 860 340. Wake up with the first team. Joe Rogan, Jeff the Boris of Fego team. We're in Horingson 6. Only on 4th radio 560 QAM. I don't have my nose up, Neil's ass. Good morning. 660. No. Like the start of the fall and the start of the fall. Good morning. Great night. I'm no longer alive. For the time being, I think the other turn has never gone. Go ahead and shoot me. This song's a piece of duty. I'm not too close. My other hip-width only from the prime of the team's role. I've been my one-show. If you can't even gotta zoom in the bottom, I'll write it on the beat. You're a big good morning. Great night. It's the sweetest day. My eyes are open wide, but I can't even shine. Good morning. Great night. Great day of release. That I no longer have to be. This very important thing is song. It's a piece of duty. It's a piece of duty. It's a piece of duty. Here's Miami. Here's Miami. Here's Miami. There's one in the radio station. There's all the media. WGBS. WGBS. What does that mean? It's a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. I find it tomorrow. Poor Sunny from the market. What a great area that used to be. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. Only one sub-floor to radio station has the house. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. It was a piece of duty. I feel like I could touch the sky. No more dark circles underneath the beautiful ice. People compliment me on my brand moon nose. I put my hair in pretty pink ribbons and bones. Yes, because I'm a six-year woman since my new surgery. They have the juggerovar for dinner and tea. It will be great, and then we'll burn those silly taste. But I feel great. I want to see 85 or 60 WC companies pull and get to that well. somebody else's PC hop on it because we got to the votes are poor and we got 117 votes already. Can you believe that? Are you a hockey fan? 67ES 40 knows and I'll close it up. You see now it's starting to like a little bit tight and the vote result too. 62 and a half percent say yes and 37.3 percent say oh who the hell is that Martin McSorehead? Anyway we don't care. 5 6 7 0 5 60. How come I'm giving that numbers out again by habit? You see once you get started with you just can't stop because desperate. Here's a mobile in western hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. How you doing? Great. I remember you remember Tyler's restaurant, Gallagher's restaurant and remember the Oliver's. Little river. That's still there. Morningside. No. Okay well that is the same area as women said. You used to be great. Yeah. You used to be a fancy fancy classy part of town with great restaurants and people with some money. Well I used to sell a Miami news on the corner of Biscayne Boulevard 70 nice. Oh my god. When it was a dime. Right. Yeah but I didn't call you about that. I called you about this Bush McAen race. Yeah. They're painting this McAen as a moderate and he's no moderate. No. He's an ultra conservative. Let me let me say it again. His voting record is everybody's conservative.