Oh my baby tonight we could do something not it and you can rest your body wrap it on my baby blue it'll be a delight and I don't care how much you wait you can relax and stay all day because I'm a jolly love you just like a driver of the ocean so jazz is part of the way all but back and enjoy the true emotion just imagine to yourself that my children are not you just do not face just do not face just feel not face to face just feel not face to face wrap your legs are real tight like you're riding in the road you so I can't see it the radio and I'll show my gratitude we can do it all night then maybe turn around and you could work your way on down and zip my fly way down to whatever you choose just like a driver of the ocean so sometimes I find it hard to get some air but it's back and enjoy the true emotion just imagine to yourself that my children are not you just do not face just do not face to face just do not face to face just do not face to face just do not face to face as Ellie and so on and mother the past four months is real about my paramedics after the class and getting six during national television interviews this morning at coral gable hospital marilated father that he may be all over the country last immediate coverage there I might have been a lot of it and we did by the family spokesperson which I had a very simple he just said that the the school department that all the doing it's right on the weekend and protect you know the good for so much that his daughter you know is it again he says Mary's life has been under so much stress that it has exacerbated something even on the cellplopper and it had overactive that just the 21 year old is locked 14 pounds in the past few weeks and the smarty talk about the difficulty of I already said he men started again and he said earlier he knows and that's his eat yet. But we're working on it. Eat. Let's take a look and see just how bad it is. Okay, the NASDAQ is down 313 points and that was down 70 now it's coming back again. You think it's gonna make you come back? Who the hell know? Oh, wow, it all reached us apart level. I went through a crucial support level. I'll 44. These guys get on there and talk more pure on a double way to the craft. They haven't got any idea what they're talking about. They talk mumbo jumbo double talk. And they don't know what they're talking about. And I think that article in Business Week was absolutely correct. This is dangerous. This is like driving a American public crazy. With his 24 hour hysteria. Yeah, that's what we need. Let's have 24 hour trading. They're getting close to it now. Round to clock, we can have people blowing air, and spraying stuff and getting broker and broker. Oh my god, Marist Laci is puts on a phenomenal overracking routine. Even on cutting light, they'd be impressed with that one. Maybe the fine Marist Laci is hiding in there with Danny and what's your name? What's your name? Michelle. Here's the lady in Pepper Pine, Tilo. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. This is a common that I have in reference to a lot of conversations we see. The only native American for the Indians. So everybody took a look back to the native land. And they're before King Ligida. Yeah. So we're doing the same thing that you guys see 200 years ago. What is that? Taking one of his status? That was the one like status. Sounds like he was speaking was to me. I do. So what are you talking about? That's what I'm saying. Okay. I think that they're doing it. I'll come out come those people at a minute or 40 years are it's big and English. Because they came old. Because why? They came old. They came old. Well, if they're 75 and 80 now, 75, they were 75 and old. They were 75 and old. If they were 80, would they get me? And I didn't hear. See, you can't talk to these people. I'm just having a friend of a conversation with you. And as soon as I say something that you can't respond to. If there's 75 now and a came or 40 years ago, they were 35 when it came here. Is that old? Oh, no. It is not. You just want to make excuses, man. You're obnoxious. You're disgusting. You nauseate me. And stop what he's old. Bubble mice. He's about the Indians this and the bill bill for Morocco. It's a clock. Not rockets or clock. Well, look at that. The next next down under 300 now. I feel so much better. Only going to lose 50 grand today. Don't we feel better now? Yeah. See, this is the right goes. When you only lose 10, 20, 30 grand, you're supposed to be in one day. You feel a lot better than, oh, my god, it could have been 100 grand. Of course, it's early yet. We got four hours to go. Four hours of smithing our pants. So we're sitting back with baited breath. What is a lot of bad breath out there? Baited breath, waiting for this thing to fly with a market, waiting for that plane to fly with that daddy on it. And maybe with that entourage, he's kind of with an outtaliant thing. If he comes with an entourage, he better not have that record amount of coin with him on there. From the Cuban National Foundation, is that what he's from? Whatever the hell he's from. Want to cast or his henchmen? No, I mean, it's so obvious why they want to send him to keep an eye out. There are a lot of eyes out these days. I'll tell you that make sure that the daddy don't all of the sudden get no ideas about the shop and it came out and get in the like of here. And all of a sudden getting the car with dust and hopmen, lining up shopping for underwear and Cincinnati, which is too far away for their comfort. Okay, Mark sucks. Yeah, that's right. Shut up. Here's the here's the hundredth of online. Next thing you're going to say the phone sucks. Okay, I know where you're going. You're not full of me. Oh, look at that. Look at two eighty two. We're making a big comeback there. And now they got all these headlines in there. And this one says this and that one says, uh, and the best comment was, yeah, from something that just jumped. Somebody in New York just jumped from the world trades and that's what they said on the way down. I can't take it anymore. Here's a call from Tallahassee, hello. I had a needle. Yes, sir. I've been listening to you for years. And I've always said you've had the best show in the worst with me. Yeah, that's correct. I cannot take you. We're calling people calling in. Let me tell you, I'm made of American and I think the kids should go back. Yeah. Uh, payout in Native Americans. Right. Uh, I've got a request for you. Wow. How a happy. Can you play? Uh, monster hash for all those gator fans who've been over like sheep from Michigan State. I'm no god. I know have it. Uh, you don't have any more? No. Can you play some more on those lines for them? Okay. They used their fame. Okay. Thank you, New York. And have we been giving some prep H? Uh. Okay, see you. You had a gator today. Have a chance. Oh, that wasn't the only work I've a sweat about something like that game. Spartans were head by 20 with about 4.5. They were like, you notice when I got about 2.5 to... They weren't even following in last two minutes. They cut him to about 14, 15, whatever was. And they're not even following. Like, okay, what would you have up, you know? Which at least got it overcrapedly. They didn't want to extend the pain, I guess. Nice going. Air Spartans, baby. Ah! Reenan white. They're still digging out the bottom of the red sheet. They were brought to that line in 15 inches, 15 feet of rubber, 15 yards. Oh, nice come back. That was the only 36. There's Bob Pursati on air saying butter beat, but it looked... But he looks good on air. He looks like he even was his craft. No portion of his broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission. WQAM, beefly reads as position court. Help Spartans. Baby, how got this being? No, keep it safe. I can't hold on. There was no farmer who's a dog here. I said in the middle just shaking his head. That some boys who were down by the prison. There be in the water. There is on their marbles and playthings and had had pay for. There came a young lady. She looked like a pretty hungry. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and laces and white fluffy duck. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children. So they would not spin. All the boys in a barnyard were shoveling and you send the ear from yesterday's hunt. While the girl in a man who was rubbing her eye, let them fell down by the duck. In the black of man with a side of a hole in the country with a big fence out front. If he had to from like least he showed him her nitsopet doll who was subject to fit. And maybe she led him grab hold of her small tinder and with a new good so quick. And then she bent over and sucked out his candy so tasty. You made a butter scum and then he spread with cream all over her coaties that she had left out on her shelf. If it exists there, he should go to yourself. This Sunday, Argus of Prattos. So like a f***ing dinner for hey, lo m***. Stuff my f***. It's just this. Here comes the pros and. No, take the lits. Over the tits. Sort of f***ing though. You know, mother f***ing. You gotta real f***ing out of two problems. But you take me in a f***ing minute. The words become blowing out your eyes. Holy sure. I'm getting a job. There's two things I've got at. It's a full advance. It's a spot in good p*** jobs. About a few of them. Well that's my other ass. You know that. You're going to the f***ing. I'm a babbling idiot. Can you just shut the f***ing up without it? She's gonna be on the ass. Yeah, we're talking f*** off. Can't you stop under the vaporizer? You stupid motherf***ing other? You f***ing piece of shit. Oh, I have, please. Don't start with that name. That's what the f***ing is. You're problem. Oh, the f***ing audience with the p***. I bet you are very good to your mother. F***ing the f***ing ass. Why? You f***ing idiot. You f***ing only some f***ing data. It's nothing but a rag. It's a joke. Yes, guys. How you doing? F***ing no need. Get your money, guys. I can't. Dad, it's got cholesterol. Can I just get some macaroni and gravy? F***ing you. F***ing you. F***ing you. F***ing me. I don't like that kind of talk. Could anybody else want to melt off? F*** this. I'm going to boker. This is the best piece of mail I've ever received in my life. Let me give you a clue. How do you look for the new girly? Yeah, here's from, who's this from from Jack. Thank you, Jack. It's a card. You know like a baseball card, a collectible card. But it's the doll, how the doll houses of America. And this one is from pure platinum in Orlando. And here's a very volubious and very naked young lady, whose name happens to be. There's Denise Potman. Wow. She's got bigger boobs than Rimmer. And that's saying a lot. Then Jigs and Jugs. Look at that. And it's going to see she's even got a number on there. Call me at 100 boobs or whatever it is. Home town, Watertown, New York. Man, all man. So we get to see Denise naked, which is kind of a... I show a real, real, real, real, real, real, real, real. Go test Scott. Thank you very much, Jack. That's a beautiful way to let enough our day. Now they're watching our money slip away down the toilet. Yeah, but if I'm better, I mean, but I mean, but I'm off. And the fracus on the famous edition, that in the school, we only need to have 5% and you're only down 2 million. But if you're going to be... Yeah. I got a broker, what do you do with stand-up comedy, Act on Sunday, and then we're Rimmer, Fong, Miss Guy. Probably you don't stand-up comedy up there with what's his name from, Guitar Man's friend. What a bulk of Brian's friend. What's his name? A Shekki Green. That loser. You wonder why you wonder why bulk of Brian looks sort of pressed all the time. Look at the guys he hangs out with. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. He's gone. Okay, Miami's gone on 7. I'm thinking now, George, that these aren't cutting off, you know, when they hang up, I would hate to think that that's the case. Because that would mean that we've been on. I'm sure that it's nothing wrong with the phone. Okay. Here's a mobile and pop-up odby, chill out. All right, how are you? Okay. Yeah, I was wondering, maybe straighten something out from me. Confanged. First off, Helion, when he was rescued, I went, I'm under the impression, and I made it wrong. Thank you. That... Welcome. You're not entitled to anybody, till somebody loves you. That's exactly right. But you're not entitled to any type of affection in the United States unless you make it here on your own. He didn't know, and that's unless you make it to shore. You sure, but he was probably the one who just fucked off, he didn't make it to shore. Yes, he did. But he still got to shore to make it in. It's how he got here. Then that's how the law says. Once you put the toll on, see it's the dry toll rectal laws, what that is. As soon as you get a toll on land, then you're in. So that that's true. You're going to be a make-to-kill. The second thing is, last night on hardball, the scatman did rescuing. Really showed showed his colors. I don't know if you saw that. And he was talking about the incident itself. When they discovered this, they get out there, floating on the tube. He said he was out there fishing with a lot of land because in a rubber uncle's someone, his canyon, they were fishing, and he was doing his lawn in the water. They noticed this tube. So they went over and took a look at it, and they got to discuss it. And it all getting amongst one another. One of them thought it was his friend thought it was a doll. And this guy said, well, I think it's a dead body. So they continued to fish. He said, he continued to fish, made another pass. They fished a little while and bought it. Yeah. And they was still arguing about. So a whole time, the point is, this guy's got to be a piece of trash. He just left some dead body, flew it out there, while he's enjoying the fishing. Maybe he was using a bait. And then he went on to a... We did one other thing. They went back, knew they ran out of worms, maybe this time. Yeah, that's right. Well, I thought I'd go to one of them back, with them, so... Okay, great. Okay. Oh, man. I had a dime for every redneck out there. I, in this state, got it. Nice next down to 70,000, that was down 25. Making a little bit of improvement there, but, you know, that's what happens every day. It takes a big dive. Then it starts coming back a little bit. And then, wow, big dump. A big gigantic smelly pile. How is it that that guy sounded moderately reasonable until he got to the very end there? He sounded moderately honest, a little bit. And then he just came in. Here's a pebble park, hello. Oh, Mr. Rutgers, I guess. I'll just... I'll just... Good sir. Do you read the article about the Fort Waterdale wanting to close the bars at midnight and then give them special license to fill in? Yeah. Did you read what... I just closed the whole city. I've been also on the problem. Yeah, did you read what the owner of the Rocks he said? No. He said that the problems at my club are caused by nothing more than the Afro-Americans from South Waterdale. And I don't want them in my club. The white customers don't call us the problems. And he said this and it was quoted right in the sun Sentinel. And you're not saying he's not like Titania a little bit, doesn't it? Yeah, and you don't see it, but you haven't heard or seen any protests or anything against us. Yeah. You know, I just... I think it's very ludicrous for him to say something like that. But maybe he's got a point. Well, maybe he does, but you know, that's his opinion, which I respect him the hand. But you still haven't heard of it. Maybe he also... Maybe he also changed the name instead of the Rossi, the Cotton Club, because last time I checked Cotton is white. I have a great day, Pat. Wait, I got one with me. Yes, sir. Don't you think that by aliens mother bringing him over that wasn't child endangerment? Yes, absolutely. And nobody... nobody knows anything about that. But, technically, you're responsible in sane lunacy that is correct. All right, have a good day, Mr. Rogers. I know you see that high. Okay, bye bye. What? No, seriously, I mean, what kind of crap is that? Okay, there are people living in poverty. They want to have a better life. Y'all got it. But to put a kid on an intertube like that. And to come over with the entourage on an intertube, I'm sorry, I'm not buying it. If they want to do it, if they choose to do it, it was adults. You know, they got the car before who would just wouldn't talk at all when have a conversation with me in the speech that Millerton Jack-Anx talking about the thousand of kids that had drowned at sea. Isn't that pathetic? Because you know something, there are places in the world. There's make them as a great shock to some of you people out there. There are places in the world where living conditions are far worse than they are in Cuba. I mean, incredibly worse than they'll ever be in Cuba. And somehow parents have children and they love their children. They struggle along through life and they live their major existence. And they may actually have smile and laugh and be happy at times without their God and steal wealth and radios and their pop-up poster and their big 50-to-winch your big screen TV. Which I like to have, but that's where it goes. See, Americans, everything that people have been here for a period of time has gotten to do with the two-year-lism and of course, people were talking about the eggs of it's gotten to do with the dead-lists for everything revolves about the dead. Every single thing in the world. But the excuse being, oh, he has a so much better life here. Well, one thing, if he goes back there, he goes to school. He goes to the shot in school. I do know that. He will not get shot in school there. Is there a good chance? There's some not a good chance, but is there some chance to get shot in school here? Oh, yeah, there's some chance. You're technically one kid shot on the streets there in Cuba because I have a feeling and most of the citizenry is not walking around with guns. I fairly safe and say that, you know what I'm saying? Here's a call in Fort Myers, hello. Hello, I'm Neil. Yes, sir. Don't listen to you now for about three years and really enjoy your show. All right. I am from Porto and I was raised around football. Didn't know damn thing about hockey and I've listened to you speak about hockey in the past three years. We now have a minor league team called the other blades. Yeah, man, I'm a big time fan of hockey now. I came over and watched the Panthers play last Friday, my friend and I. You should be at him as I flew out standing and that's a hell of a hockey team. Your fans aren't very good fans. No. You got to down to a science. You got to write down a pattern. I was always looking at you talk about hockey. I've learned quite a bit from you and that helped me. That's how me learned the game. So talk a little more about hockey if you would. No, I can't do it. Randmohawky fans. Okay. What do you do? But I don't live over there. Now, about this early, early, early on. I think just the Florida boy is singing here. I am out in here. I think the bitch kidnapped her son and took him to the UF. Yeah. Who are these people saying that his father shouldn't have a son back? And I hope when he does finally get to America, I mean, meet them. His and the laws are where they are that's trying to focus on. I don't think he's going to meet the in-laws. The better way. I don't think so. Well, and now the latest thing, they did just walked in while the attorneys to court again today. And the federal justice building, they're finding a motion to demand or to request that three side chitris be brought into the term which is better for the child. And they already know the government is going to say, no, no. Well, I heard your man, you get the he's getting a lot of putter time over here. And he's in deservedly so. He, I don't even got banned penis wrinkle. And so is everybody else. It's over there, you know, keeping this kid wake on this father. Okay, and over great thing. Okay, watch out for those penis wrinkles that'll get you every time. Yeah. Yeah, but they're slowed right out. Well, not if you have four skin. That thing ripples right up again. When you got to admit that the un-circum-sized masses from all over the world when they came here, put a new wrinkle in a American society. You know what I'm saying? I bet you do. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, yeah, yeah. Yes, sir. You know, I've been listening to this so far about a week now. And I'm just amazed at the level of insults that people have to this dot on the Cuban community here. What does that mean? What does that mean? I mean, calling Cubans for variants, more, um, also to this point. No, we're not calling all Cubans any of any names, sir. I'm there. You may not be, but most of your callers. So I would say that a lot of the antiposed use to describe these green-taste lunatics down there are very accurate. That is correct. Well, but they're insulting the entire Cuban community. Period. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Not on this show, they're not. Well, you cut them off pretty good. Yeah, better for that. Oh, and there's so there are a lot of people that don't like Cubans. There's a lot of people that don't like black people. They don't like white people. They're like gays. That's the real world. So I mean, I can't control that. Oh, I don't. The only thing I can do is try to put it in perspective, which is why I'm taking that poor today, and it's already bearing out that the majority of Cubans, at least the ones who listen to this show, don't believe that they don't agree with these exile. Right, but that you don't hear them calling Cubans more on some barbarians. I mean, you know, the crime has the punishment has to fit the crime. And I don't agree with the protests neither. But these remarks and first of all, the protests. Sir, it is the one. I thought the one. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. In a minute, you can. Well, I finished responding to what you said. Okay. It's not just one protest or one incident. It's 40 years of ongoing terrorist threats. If we don't get out of way, we're going to do this. We're going to do that with it. If they had, I see them. It's like great peace last time, whether it's artists performing their art, if they're from Cuba. Whether it's musicians singing their songs, if they're from Cuba. No matter what it is, we would also land and ram you because of it. We keep losing out of the junior Olympics because of where the laughing stock of the free world. Right? Because this small handful of lumatics continue and burying the value of it. I agree with some of the stuff that's happening, like you say. But I mean, let's keep this protest in its proper context. I mean, with all the violent protests that have happened in this country to single out these protests as being violent. I mean, you look at what happened in Seattle. You look at what's happening. I'm not very accurate. That's like a pushing contest. Like they were worse than these people aren't you right? I don't know. I'm the same. We haven't seen what's going to happen yet. But we keep doing that. We're here for what is. And I don't want anything happening other than people protesting the street. I don't think any cars being broken into. No, yeah. Not yet. And I hope you're right. Any of 40 years have you ever seen anything about? How about the how about all the bombings that I just referred to? How about those? Hey, I'm asking Emilio Emilio on Stanley about whether he was signing. Yeah, are you? Is there a question mark after the word bombings that you just said? And there's like bombings happened like 20 or 30 years ago. No, there were bombings in the 90s, too. Sir, and in the 80s and in the 70s. And another thing, I mean, a lot of people are said about the Cuban for the keep hearing it on TV and all that. They're not even having a lot of media. They're not responding to what I just said. Okay, ask me the question again then. No, I won't ask you the question again because you have blinders in the earplugs on, like a horse. And as like, I told it, down 309. And the Dow down 32. It's going to be a disaster today. Thanks Bill Gates. Thanks Jan. Thank you, Jan. Thanks everybody involved. Thanks all you panic people out there. The first thing we say is six to ten or three to five six feet. You hate ever. I'm a fatigued. It's six. In my every child. I'm five six. Who will you take? I'm not a good man. I'm not a good doctor. I'm a good surgeon. I'm a good surgeon. I just want to know what advice you have for young people coming up into the field. Like a lot of for perfect professors are telling us how far is to get into the field. I prefer to just like know that you're in the field. If you have any advice on that. Tristan experiences that important. Sure. Is that probably the most important? I'm not as well up there. It's way up there. Hey, do you anything else? Hey, do you get to go? First you're on the fire. Is it done? This is for... I don't want to be as first surgery. Okay. Right, I'm so proud of you. You're here. Please do things that I've come up with. I'm gonna get into the M.D. Okay. I'm talking about gyros on field. I'm lost, what do you mean? The gyros on the student gyros on that college. And I'll just bring the most important aspects of getting into gyros. Not the medical field. I think you're a doctor. You're a doctor. I am exhausted from 39. No, no, no person. Even those of us who are superhuman. Those of us who are with her Q.E. and appetite for her. The night's for her to traverse into the dark. Even those of us who are shown an appetite to fight the good fighters. They have a good long battle. Even those of us who get tired. We're worse tired after 38 seconds of night. I'm gonna do that now, because I'm a threat. That's what force does. Not a threat, actually. Look at that. Look at that. That's what we do with drugs. We never really don't come back. We're looking for the farmhouse, the little two dozen. And we're practicing. We're really excited that maybe the checking comes through this month. And we're going to have this hell of a good one anyway. If you're here with guys, that's 16th Holy Ghost. What do you do? What is that? You're a little bit weird now. I'm really about to ask. I don't know where they're going to call it. What are you about, maybe? Correct me, I will. Yeah. Okay. This is cool. Life is a brief. For some reasons, you know, I have to intend that now. And get forward with the hurricane that is going to be pressed out of that. We got to speak to class a long. We're going to pass the iron out to the newsroom. The natural newsroom. Higher top to the level of the downtown. The downtown. The newsroom. The next newsroom. The natural newsroom. We've got to stop the big end of the news. Yeah. Absolutely. Get beaten. Are you? F Pharaoh. Higher top to the Himm chopsticks. Doctor Cain. More perfect. Better speed. They're wandering the streets of your largest local metropolitan area. For traveling abroad, there's only one product guaranteed to keep those annoying street people from bothering you. No more being hurseful for change. No more having to cross the streets to avoid the crazy men screaming at his imaginary pet reptile. Indeed, no more hassle at all with the all-new stink. Just slap some on and watch the magic. Change! Change for the fog! Can anyone help feed the fog? Change! Change! Mr. Here you go! Take this. You need it more than me. Stink works in any language. I don't know if you're going to be a fool or a fool. I don't know if you're going to be a fool or a fool. I can't remember! Senior and Leandle and Leandle and Leandle and Leandle and Leandle and Leandle. Stink will stand up running from here to the Himalayas. Just the dashes all the tanks and all it takes is for you to dash out and pick up some today. Stink, it's awful. The sky's falling, the market is dropping and the plane is maybe in the sky not away and Leandle goes on. Leandle goes on. Too bad people couldn't expend their energies and something important. Something worthwhile. Something worth getting all moved up about. This is a child custody case. Absolutely. Nothing more. That's all. And it's on the fleed story on every news camp. It's on a front page of newspapers all over the world. And... Yadi-yadi-yadi. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. How are you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. Listen, Neil. I am a video. I came here from Cuba when I was very small. Five and six years old. I started my business without any money. I worked so hard for it. Don't these people know that they're embarrassing the crap out of us. They don't care. They don't care. They don't care. They don't care the media. And the media doesn't care. No, they don't. I mean, I don't have to bow about every time I see an angle American or something. I have to look like I'm some kind of like ignorant. They must think we're all stupid. And we are like, you know, like this, like, all these 1,000 and 2,000 other people. And then you get these other sorts, but still what's so frustrating. You get these other, that they've been here there about the same age I am 40 and 35 years old. And it's thinking the same way. And I try to tell the celebrities all green teeth like you call them people. And it's just what I understand. It's just, it's to me, it's mind-boggling. You know, we look so stupid. You know, I mean, everything that the cubal people that the king here work are done in this place is it's all going to hell. Because all these stuff that these guys are doing. Okay, realizes. They don't care. They're selfish and they're ignorant and they're obnoxious. They don't care. I just wish to remember. You can remember most of them are the market. How long, sorry? Just remember one other thing too, most of them are very old. Just keep that in mind. I told lady they'd call the year. She'd have seen in Salah, she was old. She saw like she was in a 30s. Yeah. Modernism wears this matter and wears a few, but most of them are very old. So that's the one thing you keep in mind, okay? There's some hope. I just wish you were in a broader market because I'm trying to pray, you know, the Neil gospel and, you know, and some places is very difficult for the station. Let's you and an internet or somebody to hear you. But I mean, it's, you know, you, you know, I've been listening to you for about 10 years and I, you know, you really put, put the light in everything in your perspective. I put my, I'm on it, you, but have a great day, pal. You too, pal. I mean, yeah, he wishes, you know, we run a, you know, a broader recovery, you know what we're saying? Oh, yeah. So do we. So do we. How about we get that computer hooked up? What do you say, huh? And we get some broader coverage. Shut up. Oh, I'm sorry. So I want to get Bob by the move up setting in. God Almighty. He's an answer. Oh, I'm sorry. Wow. Mama's still waiting. I'm watching. I'm watching CNN, CNN, we see a little bit there, which has given me very depressed. I'm watching your local channels here at a course channel. 7 once you got channels, 7 on your safe because of Ali on farts, if anybody in the family, if a mirror's lazy ass has another guy down the tack. Oh, that was something this morning. You know, that was unbelievable. I say 20 years for her for a while, reacting immediately to her. That's what I say. God. He got the oxygen mac, mask, on to you type of ventilating and she's cry about it. And you want to know why? Because they know that they lost. See, I know that the come is a great surprise to some of these. Hard ass hard, those people. You can't always get things the way you want to like. One of the reasons that we've had this tremendous resistance on the fall and the computer, it's very basic simple things that we want, is because the people who run this to it are used to having anybody make any demands like, hey, we need this. There you just like when you were born Sheridan Street in that toilet. There's used to having people come who would just pick up a paycheck and submit in them and subject to themselves any kind of crappy environment, any kind of crappy conditions and equipment that they're willing to tell us so, wow, like we do a new a favor by hiring you. That's the matter to you here. And so now we come along here and of course where the outside is where the best out of those there's no question about that. And I don't give a crap. I'm not here for a popular decadence. I'm here to do a job, which I'm doing quite well. Thank you. And make it in a Schmidt-Loda money. But the goal of these people to actually to want a phone system that works and one that like works the way they wanted to. And this thicker computer will attach you our board. You got some thick and nerve there, Mr. It's the same thing. You can't always get your way, Greg. Sometimes you have to compromise. You're ing in yank. You want me here, you want the money coming in, you want those waiting. Then give us a little something to return, little respect. Oh, of course now that the stock is now there. Yeah, I'm not only knows what it is now. Sure, Eric will be. You'll notify me shortly, the latest thing. But wait, don't forget our poll question, theillodgers.com. For Cubans to vote only day. Not other latinos, not Anglo's please. For Cubans only, should I, Ellie, I'm going back with this father. Should he stay here? Quite a while ago, like before 11 o'clock we had. The 60's have votes won't be beginning up there. I'm sure from Eric. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Hey Neil, I'm worried. All right. If you do that, you remember the movie network? Sure. That's the perfect time to stick our head out of the window. Say I'm mad, I'm not taking it anymore. Yeah. I mean, God, Ellie, I'm this. And I'm that pretty soon as I'm going to, if you need to have a smile. Oh, right. What happens when he comes out of the house and he's easy to all shadow. Something significant to that. Exactly. In fact, he's going to be a replacing roundhouse. Put that bastard out of a general month of this crap. Yeah. That's right. If he sees this shadow, we can not have six months of alienitis. Oh, God almighty. Everybody's talking about this political list. But they keep forgetting there was them. There was this exhaust who put his picture on a poster and passed it all over the place. I made it a political issue in the first place. Right. And of course it is. That's all that is to them. They don't care about this kid. He's the baby Jesus. Oh, and then I know it's. Thank God they're not super stitches down there by the way. Oh, no. Thank God they're not rubbing their rosary beads and took a look and for pictures of the Virgin Mary. Did you read the article on a new time on a time in cheeky Bob, what should happen to Helion? No. I was a thing that when they were, they did a human community, basically. They had to have them dirty and grown back. So one, we make some money on it. I'm put it on a per-pay view and charge money for it and drop a container on Helion. I have a girl, you're stuff on common, single, windy, windy, windy, windy. And I have to put that kind of knife on. Next we have to, I'm going to make a gun on Gloria now. She's up to this up to her armpits, which by the way she better start shaving pretty soon. And then we'll make a fake Helion and we all will remember him as a beautiful kid that he was. Everybody be happy. Just like the Christchurch. Oh, yes. Little resurrection never heard anybody. I don't think they pale. Thank you. Of course we thought it was a resurrection. You have to have a crucifixion. Okay. Boy. I just got a great idea. When the federal marshals come in, if that's what's required, if that's what their game plan is, what all those old two-first people she do is hold up a crucifix. Which I'm sure they all got one, you know? Absolutely. Yeah. And just like, drag it off. Hey, like that. Yeah, the start rolling your tongue. Work for a professor of on-house, for a while. Fun-heelsink. A lot of great movie, Dracula. What a spectacular. What a great actor. Bella LaGrosse. He was crazy too, you know, by the way. I just thought I'd mention that. He would've been good down there. What does Capeon? You're listening to the best of Neil Rogers on 5.6th June, 8-A. I'm just going to get an action. Neil got out. Will you QA? Where's the bad kid? He said I love his catapoo. Yeah, what we're doing is wrong. But I don't care what they say. What does follow up is so strong. He tells us we should be ashamed. Well, that goes for that way. But I cherish each moment with you. I've found so thin. It's Bella. You're not like a man. I'm glad we share a person's health. When light goes out. It's thing. You're not like a man. I'm glad we share a person's health. When light goes out. It's thing. I can't tell the poor of your own. Now that will appear as soon as she arrives. As long as I am so inhuman. I don't mind doing time. Call to our five prisoners in the city. And I have to regret. I got you for a second. It's all a matter of fact. Don't think of a rest. At first you'll be a good man. You're not like a man. You're not like a man. You're not like a man. For rest at first you will be more difficult. Now'll you all die a favor. I'll do that I will get you in the end. And of the rest from this today, you will die that you will send the ostrac... Here's a bitch. Breathe, breathe, breathe... I'm not breathing dead, your breathing bitch, and your heart's at me. I'm only half of the request, how the sound is happening. I'm tired of it, and I'm tired of my duty. I'm still so sleepy, I'm not breathing dead, and I'm not breathing dead. You're not breathing, you're not breathing. I'm really happy, not breathing dead, but I'm not breathing. I'm tired of it, I'm tired of it, but I'm not breathing. I'm tired of it, I'm not breathing. I'm not breathing, you're not breathing. I'm tired of it, but I can't hear anything. I'm just breathing, I'm just breathing. I'm tired of it, I'm not breathing. I'm not breathing bitch, my prison bitch, I'll never take a bite. You're not like a real lover, too bad, they had two times. I'm just a kid, I'm tired of it, but you're not breathing. You're breathing, you're not breathing. I'm just breathing, I'm just breathing. I'm just breathing, I'm just breathing. Listen to me, this is Stan's Vine Sneep, a sofa king, you understand? Where everything is out to the high, sofa king's standard. The selection isn't just huge, it's so fucking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And sofa king's price is not just low, they're so fucking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me, when I say so fucking as a beautiful school, I mean so fucking beautiful. I can't stop it, I mean so fucking helpful. Listen to me, get the novice so fucking, and enjoy a selection that's so fucking huge. I stack that sofa king's courteous, and price is that a sofa king will, you'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me, take it from satisfied customer, Frank, and Stein. So fucking good. You set a fracking sofa king good. You're not a real lover, isna? You're a real hikper. Who is kipa ba, you're a hikper. Kipa ba, kipa ba, kipa ba, kipa ba, kipa ba, kipa ba, kipa ba, kipa ba, kipa ba. Sometimes the markets are taken a enormous, gigantic, and Titanic are outrageous with today. Now is almost 200 points, just under 200, and then as the next time, just almost 400. Watch your money just fly away, wow, I'm ya. Easy, come, easy, go. Here's our poll today for Cuban Zones, should Ali uncle back with his father. We have 142 votes. 114 said yes, he should go back with that. 80.2 percent stay here 28, 19.7 percent. And by the way, the last trade on Vize stock, and one eighth. How do you like that? But is it the eye? And one eighth on the BBGI. And of course, the excuse for that as well is having a bad day because the ass deck is in the middle of the day. There's a lady in plantation, hello. Oh hello, Neil, how are you? Okay. You know, I really think and I'd like to know, you think, don't you feel that everyone carrying for Ali on should be acting excited that his father is coming to see him finally. Forget Castro, forget communism, and all the other stuff. I mean, they should be like, oh, your father's coming. Let's get a new haircut. Let's go buy him a marlin. We'll be short. No, no, they're not. Well, they're doing this, try to isolate him from their terrified of what was the biggest hair on the lawn. They're scared to death. I mean, you know what? They know what's going to happen. Just like they knew what happened when he saw that pain going over. He said, take me back to Cuba. They knew what that was. If anybody believes this marriage is lazy, I saw these stories that she's making up about the kid is saying this, the kid is saying this. Then I got a lot of money. They used to make his own ways in the bucket. Yeah. He wouldn't even notice they'd say those things. They have him so scared to see his father. I mean, this is really to me what's very sad and that all these horrible, I mean, listen, he's six years old. Your dad's coming to see you. What an exciting time to should be for him. His father's coming to see him. Not he's coming, drag him. Yeah, but he's got a way or a habit. He's coming to the house. He's going to visit with you. Maybe you'll take you on a, you know, he's not coming to the house. Don't you understand? Yeah, he's coming to the house. Yeah, he's coming to the house. You know, well, they're going to be moving. And then he's going to, you know, the Washington River, the father comes to, which I was a summer would be Washington. Then they're going to put the father in the middle of that mob of Loon and Ticks down there. Right. That's true. Can you imagine, can you imagine the scene? No. The father is right. Against this father, except that he lives in Cuba and yet they, But don't you understand, they've already, the last few days has become more desperate. Now he's an unfit father. Yeah. And now he's going to do psychological harm and also he's an agent of Castro. So for all of us together and how good can he be? Right. Right. They, whoo listen, the bottom line is they don't want to give him up. It's like they found a puppy. Well, you know, want to give that to the owner. Yes, what? Too bad. That's it. And have a great day. Exactly right. And on the, yes. I have to tell you on a later side when I saw Elian with the new bunny rabbit. They got him. The first thing that popped into my head was your song about the, the, the, the rabbit. And I just, I don't know. I just, just, maybe you're a fuddle pick him up. Have a great talk. Okay. Like we would call the world on the laround figuring the song, is the daddy right here? He has. Oh, got. That. Plant Program. Over washing up is work dulled. Well, that's fine. But what about that? Is the. That, plan? Oh, is the market making come back on, it is in the toilet, baby. And panics isn't even when I would like to see. And somebody has got his whole life savings. Top. Man, that's a lot of energy was on. You know what I'm talking about? Instead of having all these hysterical people and there's Maria Varderova on the front. I need that, I need that, I need that, I need that, I need that. Hyperventilating and screaming in that true voice like what's your name? That things would make Jessica sense it's true. See, they should not allow women to report on the stock market because they're true. They get people as terrible. Banner, how a G, does that look? You know, can't happen. hysteria. Mass panic has set in. At any rate, life goes on, we'll do the best we can with about 50 bucks left and by the way. Here's my any, hello. Yes, sir. These 4,000 pro-coctures who are embarrassing about the whole Cuban community. Yeah. You know, you know what I say. Keep on mentioning that their pro-coctures are peaceful. They block in the street, it's not a peaceful protest. It is worse to block a street that's been sent to Bernardo, because there's thousands of people who are headed for a place. And also, in some of the communities and also, how about when they were, just before they had the extension there, a couple of months ago, how about when they were on the verge of tying up the airport? Exactly. An often I'm seeing an end last week, they showed a man, pro-ele and punching a woman who was, who was against a Buddhist, not now. Now, that's peaceful. These people are a bunch of their progress. They're not for a studio about six cars ago. They have to answer one Gonzalez called, same that he did, that he didn't approve of the process. But then he goes on the Cuban radio and Xomal and says, oh, I'm worthy of you. We'll keep both testing. Okay. That type of person gives the Cuban people a banning. And I work with Cuban people who are very successful and they're all embarrassed. And one Gonzalez and all your types, shame on you. Hey, man. Pack up with Solami Samu, what are you saying? Come on. Pack up with still, uh, media note shake and put them on a goddamn boat with all of banana people, put them on there. Come on. Come on, Larry. How about a little pastramy? Here's a mobile in Kendall. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, I'm a Cuban American. I'm 35 years old and I came over when I was four years old. I'm very much like George. And what, um, what a collar of the four you said that they have to, um, one child for the ignorance, one form of ignorance that you have to watch out for is, um, uh, other community, you know, the Jewish and the Black and the Anglos not being able to discern from the theoretical. Well, how do you like to that's why I'm taking that poll that I take a look at that 80% 80% of the Cuban people listening to this program think that alien should be with the father. Sir, and have a great day. I guess you do the phone crap. That we just, uh, was overwhelmed by that. Well, what is important to keep that in mind? I hate to keep doing these disclaimers. See, I hate to break the news to you for those of you who are very naive or just, uh, that are called out from under a rock somewhere. There are a lot of people out there who don't like, uh, fill in the blank. Cubans, blacks, Jews, gays, Catholics. Uh, you, you fill in the blanks and sometimes all of you both. And you, Jeff, see, well, I'd go along with that. You ever been in Rome? No, you haven't. So what do you know about Jeff Lee? Jeff Lee? Jeff Lee is here. Too many of them. Are you talking about the beesies again? Jesus, man, what are they hates you? Yeah. Oh, wow. Every time you say bees like that. Yeah. Oh, oh, hey, pop, you see that. They even touched this thing. Yeah. Pop so bottomatically. And the number two. Here's Fort Myers, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, sir? Okay. Listen, you said earlier that this was purely a custody battle about the alien in his father. That's what it should be. Yes. Well, agreed. And if they keep saying that this should be held in the state courts, well, I can tell you as a father that's been through a divorce. No, it should not be in the state courts because it has to do with immigration. Well, I agree with that. I want to present, but if they, but the, the people that have the child at the moment, keep saying, we want to settle down the state courts. Well, up there going to do that, they're going to lose big time because there's no reason that that father should not be reunited with us. Yeah. Well, first, the deal is they keep day and night attorneys keep changing and shaping like a bunch of clay of a party, a silly party. They keep trying to rewrite and remake the law to suit you on convenience. You can't do that. No. Absolutely correct. And that's why when a federal judge ruled in a favor of the father, that that's still wasn't good enough for them. Why does the federal government continue to back off? That's because I have no idea. So, you know, it's how shaky Janet is all the time. I think that's to answer your question. Then for that thing, I'll have a great day. Yeah, they could have solved this a long time ago. Long ago, and should have done it. You come in here. You get the kid. You make it off if they can't refuse. You'll put them on a plane. You're a scorer. You take these people from national council from church for whatever they are coming. And you put them on a plane. And then said it back. That's off. Here you go. And life goes on. And we deal with the important things that have to do with everybody else's life. This boy has nothing to do with anybody's life here. Accept his family. And you people in the media can't explore it. Explore it. Explore it. I'm busy watching all my goddamn money disappeared for them. It's doing a vanishing act. Even who didn't you could have been embarrassed. The Dow is the only thing. But what a clock yet. The Dow is down 246. And as that is down 380. And it's all started with a kid then. Justice Department ruling with the judge ruling on Microsoft yesterday. And it's not even over yet. They're doing the appeals. They might actually win in a long run this sand. But in the meantime, everybody's got to take a big hit. Rimeswood Schmidt. It's okay. I'm not going to panic. Not me. Not me. Here's a lady in crossprings. Hello. First of all, I never listened to you until I went in my husband's car. Your own station all the time. You make me laugh. All right. But I want to say that when the Republicans, when there was the impeachment, Clinton couldn't be above the law. But Aliyan can be above the law. This is our country. They're holding us. Right. They're holding the attack community. That's correct. And in New Jersey, they have a big human community. And they're holding the traffic up. I don't understand how today's say this is okay to be above the law. It's not. Oh, well. Thanks, Neil. Okay. Bye. And have a great day. Yes, you get enough of you blow jobs. That's bad. But tying up the airport and going out there in the tying up traffic. And maybe interfering with ambulances and police and other law enforcement and emergency vehicles. That's okay. Because we're pissed off. And we'll do whatever it'll be. Is it okay? No. No. Unacceptable. Unacceptable. Back with a Coast Guard thing. It was unacceptable. Back when this thing first came down. And it will be unacceptable when they started again with some of the wheel. Some. A handful of losers. Oh, this. This market thing is getting really exciting now. Ryan's being that day in October of 98. Remember that day? Oh, boy. And not for any particular reason. Other than that I can see, you said that stupid micro-sauce thing yesterday. The judge is ruling. Total state of panic. That was just hit 300 points in the regulatory. And the nice deck is bridging on 400. Just bubbling under 400 down. But just they come. Don't panic. That's what my broker says. Everything is okay. You'll be all right. You're only down 80%. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Nail. Yes, ma'am. I'd like to tend to topic for a second. Yeah. Yeah. The lady yesterday who called. Say how worthless that loose. My girl concert was. Yeah. She is full crap. Yeah. I was at the concert. I didn't think anything for 1 hour and 30 minutes. He only said that. I think the fact, that I don't think was somebody you called. I read a rose of facts. Oh, well, whatever. Whatever. He said down for just a couple of the ballots. And it was the best concert I was ever at. He was great. I love Louis McGill. Probably somebody who don't like Mexicans. You know, how many cards? George Senate. She's a f-n-bick. Okay. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, wow. How do we know that it was a shield? Oh, well, I think it was a shield. Yeah. with that facts. Yeah, we don't think some guy would go to see Lewis with all day. I already back to that again. I've been to several recently ill concerts. There were plenty of guys. Oh, the guy in the last time is including many of your people when I saw him here in Miami. Like I said, many Kubanos, and of course we know about them. Well, yeah, they're just friendly people sometimes. You're listening to the best of Neil Rodger on 5, 6, the W2AF. very vision only. Your ging onions What my business? Because if I get to make the whole business, they're kind of the entry. But you know, if you can't believe it, I'm hearing any of this, but hearing it at all. The bossy wants to teach you so you can touch it. But that's why the writers, he lives in the tower. But this is my friend, like him. But that's what you do. That's what they made it. What if, can you hear me? Because you're not a good business. That's what's so so you're just a part of the aim. Because if we bring you up, and if you want to make it, I don't give a sign. What if you come to my office, not to stay on board, and what if you come to my office, not to stay on board, and be sure. You ain't seen nothing yet. I mean, you're just being true. You ain't seen nothing yet. Hell gore. And what if you're not overjoyed, with men up singer, Larry King? You ain't seen nothing yet. What if you come to my office, not to stay on board, I say to you tonight, and hear me well. You ain't seen nothing yet. You think Larry can kiss all our answers, now go and be team at the same time? It's unhappy that a market boy, I don't want to talk about it. Do you want to hear about it? No, no, let's pretend it's funny money. We're not going to be money. Because that's the way they're trading it today. Down, down, down. Let's just worry about the one Miguel and Luis Miguel. And Miguel over there, and I saw Miguel the hockey game last night delivering some stuff before he was on his way to some morals. Right outside and front of the elevator at the air escalator. There was Miguel. And I went up to him and we shook hands. Here's a lady in candle. Hello. Hello, Nia. Yes, ma'am. Well, I am a Cuban, and I believe that keeps you to descend back. It's you to be in day at already for a long time. For at least three months, any. Yes. And also, I would like to ask you, I have a chance to come back. And also, I would like to ask you, I haven't heard anything about basulto. Where is he? He must be in hiding somewhere. He just disappeared at least a mile. Maybe he's with the fishes. I don't know. Ramon is taking a Ramon in. He's in the book. Oh, anyway. Yeah. And he lies and he says he wants fish, but then he keeps everybody to make him a wagon. Yeah, he's a piece of art. Oh, he is really a do-do-do-do-do-do-do. He's a walking do-do. That's right. You know what, too? This girl, every time something gets very tough. She cannot handle and then she, I don't know, it's keep pretending. When the going gets tough, Maris Livia scores the wrong for lunch rest. And she, well, I don't know. I heard that he is waiting for all these two cool-offs. And then she's going to marry. And then she also wants to adopt the kids. When she gets married, she's got a daughter. Okay. Okay. We just got the ruling on that nature. Okay. Okay. We're going to add that down to the 461. And that is that 451. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. We're going to add that. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now down, 416. And that is that 451. It kind of like converging now. I think we're going to go from 500 on both today. That would be nice even number. I will not be looking in my portfolio on to my computer today. I can assure you that I will not take a look at that would be an ugly, ugly thing. I don't want to see it. Do I want to see it? No. No. I just wanted those things. It's like a little to, you know. No, what they always say? 30,000 here, 40,000 there. 80,000 over. This is the food books in the rope, a little bump along the way. That's what my broker says. broker says. Here's a mobile in Davie, hello. Hey, no. Yes sir. I believe it's a Michigan state, so, you know, I mean, I know you're not a basketball fan, but you know, go Spartans, right? I've already mentioned that's 1400 times. I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, we could really rub it in, but it was no contest. I mean, it was never any chance that we're going to lose that game. Yeah, that's the way we would lose. There were pros control the entire game. And the gator is new that, so that even the last three minutes when they were cut, they were from 20 to about 14, 15. They weren't following anybody. You know, like ordinary, like in a real game where the last two minutes last half an hour, because they just do in the towel, they knew what was going to happen. It was nice to see some guys who really loved their school too, you know. There you go. And then they got good reasons. And maybe one or two went to class. I doubt it, but maybe, you know, maybe walk by a classroom sometimes. It's no different in Michigan. Right. But it's far as the day. They got Tommy Brady, maybe released they did have. But anyway. It's far as the early, I'm thinking, well, people complain that when some cube is complaint that it's not right, sort of lump them all together, really, the people they should be complaining to, that they're leadership, because the cube and leaders, the people who claim to represent. Well, but there are something I think. This is true with the airway group of people, like the black, gets stuck with Ferracana and Al-Shoptan and Jesse Jackson. And the cubes get stuck with the solstice when Lincoln D.A. is ball-fart and Iliana Rosanna Dana and all these losers in this Armando Guilillarres who's a spokesperson for every youngsters person you ever met in your life. Every airway group, how about leadership for the white people? Who are what leaders do we have? No group in this country has got any leaders. They're all leadership. Exactly. The idea is that if they're going to complain that the cube and American are being portrayed and unfortunately, in the media, then they should complain about the people that they've been talking about. They should complain about that. They should also get rid of people like Mayor Pingu Pakey, they should also get by the him. If I tians are so mad that they're portrayed like Mafio, so maybe they shouldn't respect people that are in the Mafio as much as they often talk about. The night that's a church thing though, you know. Yeah. That's a church thing. Yeah. In fact, I'm going to be Godfather of Pani's baby as well on here. Most of them have a great day, Pat. They live with a more dangerous people. I'm going to be Godfather of Iliana. Yeah. You know what I think they've gotten. What? I'm winningly. I think they've actually created a co-castro constituency in this country. Let's not hear it here anyway. Well, people, I mean, if you say, when you compare with what's the alternative of this, the capital, I'm off. I'm off. I'm off. I'm off. I'm off. I'm off. I'm off. You don't have to be a little mad. Like muslimia. Have a great day. I feel better. See this is the kind of smarty Godfather, because you can eat while the market comes with a little man. I have a lot of you don't drink. You're not going to see it. Go through it. Don't do it. All right. You can start checking it everybody. I better move to a auction the door. Oh, my God. It says, Trumpy, dumpy little poker Brian. The talented, but frappy, dumpy, and depressing, poker-freakin Brian will hangs out with the worst losers. His car is caught on fire. See what I mean? He just walked into the already bad news. His car caught on fire. And checking green had bad diarrhea. And what else? And that was out, 453. Let's have a few last climb. As that, 475. What is wrong? My name is John. We're broke. We're broke. What's going on? There's some change Mr. C'mon. There's some change, eh? Have a nice day, Mr. I'm going up on Young Street with a tin cup. I'll say it there right now. I'm going to the tin hortons for a cup of coffee and take that cup and fill on up with loony's and silneys. Oh. Cut the crap. On second with Channel 7 briefly now. That's the days of our life. I'm just so happy. He's a man. I know. Oh, it's Doc. He's only been on this show for six hundred years. And I'm talking about what else her name. Doc. What is her name? He even you know her. The actress that plays whatever her name is on that show. And whatever her name is in real. I don't know what her name is. She's been on there for six thousand years. Yeah. Who would, yeah? Did we haul? Very good. Who got that? Booker Brian? No. I knew that. Oh, you wanted to. Dude, right? And of course with all that makeup, you know, look at day over 50. 60. And that of course is what's his name that had a face job that came back. I look at a whole lot different. John. Not you. Yeah. Where is the couple that we saw in the water that time, by the way. Remember doing a thing in the water? At the, that was a worthless ending of the show. I'll never forget that as long as I live. Especially him of course, but nevertheless. Wow. Where are they? Make it again. Then I forget about these goddamn stocks. You know, anyway, all you got is your stupid soap pop line. What about seven? Come on. Seven, come 11. The rockford files. Oh, you want to see that? No. No. I'd rather watch the market go down another 200 points and see the rockford files. Nothing personal against you and garnered. But God, is he old and boring? Is he old and boring? Yeah. You're listening to the best of real Roger on 5.6. Q.A.A. 1.2. 1.2. 3.0. 4.0. 5.0.6. 2.0. 5.0. 3.0. 8.0. 2.0. 5.0. 5.0. 5.0. Not a good idea blocking those roads kids. Let me just tell you that right now. Okay. Stay off the road. Place for cars, not for lunatics. Well, got something on here that I think we got to play right now. Can't wait. Because the timing is magnificent. I'm dropping down. 2.0. 2.0. 2.0. 5.0. 5.0. Yeah. How was that number again? Yeah. Here's a mobile and four-loader nail, huh? Yeah. I don't know. Yes, sir. Yeah. I wanted to touch bass on something you mentioned earlier about the media and the beyond situation. Yes. Basically, if the media hadn't picked this up because I'd nothing better to talk about about the media, I'd just want to talk about the media. That's right. That's right. It would have been just another Cuban or Haitian. Well, that's when I said back in the Grand Canyon. Back when it first started, in fact, you remember the days when they had the cameras down there at the INS building and there was nobody there. And then they continued doing this. They didn't have the cameras in front of the house. But there was nobody there, said, other reporters, and they keep whipping it and flagulating it. And they got to take as much of the blame for what's going on here as anybody else. And I'm just panicked American. And if you look at it from the point of view of what's best for the kid, there's no doubt that living in the United States would probably afford a more or better ability to succeed in life. But nonetheless, the father has it right to have the kid. But that doesn't take away from the fact that the media has probably caused the majority of this. And again, the Cuban exiles here may or may not have their own agenda. But it's ridiculous. It's getting to the point where the Cuban Americans are facing a bad name for themselves at this point. And that is correct. And in the political leaders down to Miami, you mentioned that earlier, have also done some things that are asked. And I mean, that can you go against a federal government? Well, Alex Pica Piccadio, what he's done is he's endured himself about three or four thousand people. And at the expected, he's alienated 777 other, a thousand other Cuban people in his town. And he's all the other non- Cuban people off to. And I just go and Alex. Yeah, exactly. I mean, he's really trying to, the actual angles are the American citizens, basically against most of the Cuban Americans. And like, he's touched on earlier as well. So the majority, most Cuban Americans couldn't give a red flag, but that's what happened. Exactly. And then back he goes back to the father and the door. They have a life, right? Oh, look at that. Okay, I'm also on. How do they date, pal? I'm going to stick a fork in Mayor Pinga Piccadio, like I said, he is well done. Anybody out there like to get well done? Oh, done well? Here's a member of Pines, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I wanted to talk about the aliens. Okay. I believe that, I mean, the Cuban people down here are overacting a little bit over the case. But, I mean, the last time I checked, you know. Yeah. Is that a toilet I'm hearing at the back? What is that? No, actually, I just got off the camp. But that's how I checked. People may notice, I mean, you know, they are all out of the camp. You know, they are all out of the camp. You got it? You got it? You got it? You got it? I'm hearing water in the back. I mean, are you, are you, uh, no, nothing? Okay. Um, I mean, they are, they are making a big deal about it for no reason. Yeah. Um, but I just, I just wanted to know, where did we better just send everybody back? You know, just send everybody back? Yeah, I lit this embargo and let everybody go back to their country. You know, um, well, looking the embargo is in magnificent idea. But then, then if you think there's a stereo now, you have can see nothing yet. Like how Gorset, right? And have a great day. If you guys saw like he's in the gas station, taking a right next to the pump. You better use pump on it. Wow. 485 on the Dow in the Negatory and the Nasdaq 563. Well, broke. Did you see how much Bill Gates lost yesterday, by the way? Let's take up a collection. 12 billion dollars. That was yesterday. Don't you, don't you feel sorry for Bill Gates? No, no, I don't. And he's going to lose billions more today. You feel sorry? No. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. See you right. This phone does not disconnect when the people hang up. That's about to happen. I didn't say that. I'm saying it. This piece of crap don't disconnect when the people hang up. Like a real phone should. Like even a getner did that. Like even a goddamn Alexander Graham those first probably did that. Does this one do it? No, no. I's going there, Mr. Colos. Mr. Stavros, whatever hell your name is. How stop are you still by the way and by seeing you lately? No. Here's a mobile in plantation. Hello. Hey Neil, how you doing? Okay. Listen about the stock market. Let's talk to stock markets. Sure, go ahead. Okay. Get all the money. Okay. Right now, all the day trade is getting washed out. All the margin calls for people who can't afford the market to get in washed out. Yeah. This is the time to buy. This is a great, a great buying opportunity that you must be a broker. It's not a matter of, it's phenomenal opportunity. Then for all the jerks who shouldn't be in the market are getting killed now. Yeah. And all the good stuff I can't afford to do. So I'm all the rest of us. Now, number two. Well, I still want to say, so all the rest of us getting killed. No, no, but now you put fresh money and go buy stocks now. Oh. You'll, my, my work tomorrow. You'll say that guy has on the phone. I should have bought more. Okay. Now, on this alien thing. Yeah. Can you imagine when all the TV cameras disappear from that little outhouse? These people are going to have to go out and get a job. And they're just fighting for just, just to keep not having to work. I think you dream I'm sure that the agents will be there immediately. And that the boys go on, I'm sure, and that'll be the mini series and the soap opera and the full, a major motion picture and a book and that's set up. Probably a cartoon. Neil, it's overdone. It's overdone. These people are just holding on to some note. Iron. Now, the way is it overdone. We're drowning in a sea of it. If you pardon that expression, we're drowning in a sea of it. Remember 15 minutes the same, the same is up. Yeah. Do you take care. Okay. That mirrors laziest. Why does can't deal with it? One more tier. She starts squirting anymore. Good score. Jesus. God Almighty. I say, put a ring just like they did with common. I'm guiding light. They put it in a booby hatch there and locked you in. You're in a nice car in there, Rick. Or what did that? Who did that? Or they appreased it that? The priest put her in a locked ring and booby hatch. Common. She's on the inside and can't get out. That's what we ought to do with Maris Lazy. I haven't told this thing is over. And when she comes out live, oh well, what happened? Kate Passell. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Why are you talking so nonsense over there and you're proud of it? You're as a stupid. Yeah. Yeah. You don't have a nightmare in killing. Have you gone to kill them? No. So see how the people live there? No. Why? Because I have them because I can't. Oh, no, without a door. So you see how the kids are without children without them so without anything. Uh-huh. You do, you must go there. Have you ever been to Bangalore there? I've heard of you. Hey, Nick. Have you ever been to Uganda? I've been to Florida for years. Have you ever been to Bangalore there? Bangalore there? I've been to Yugoslavia. That's kids here. You might be a nonchalant. Funny, they might not even. Have you ever seen that? Yeah, that sorts of things usually is their own. How about you got to pull this Ow, the government hasn't received it. So your back wall goes back right now. Aw. Oh, Ben. Don't survive. A lot of the economy has just learned about the actions created from it. with no shoes and with no food and with no clothing and with no nothing. But it's only a Cuba Cuba she's as bad as any shaper. It was Cuban Cuban. You're Cuban emitia for lady. You're crazy person. I risk my case. Probably you're in this you have any teeth? No, probably not. I do understand though that after the marshals come in on the way out to try to pacify the crowd they're going to be hanging out discount dental cards. Is the room around here in the middle of the van? Couldn't hurt. Here's a candle. Hello. Okay. Did the new game show going out tonight? And Alec Penel is going to be the first contest. Yeah. And name in the show where it's cool to be the first asshole. Oh, a feeble attempted comedy. Is he the first asshole? No, the biggest asshole. Even asshole. There you go. Nice try, pal. Week. Thanks to that old the Cuban lady. At least we got our off-luck Cuban insum for a couple minutes. That's good. And radio Mambi and all that other 24-up propaganda. If he dealt with he'd go to hell crap. You see there's more to life than I just don't understand how anybody anybody has been here more than five minutes could live their entire life in such a goddamn vacuum. With all this stuff I mean, our realises the boring town. But even even compared to anything else that she's experienced, there's eight million times more things that she could be doing and ticket about and reading about and yelling about than the same old crap. You're all like a stuck record. You'd see four thousand banana pickers down. You're crazy people. And you want to inflict that on low rest of us. And because we're out as hysterical as you are, that makes us bad people. And because the government's not going to set a bunch of guy got a young guy's over there to kill us, to get killed just to make you happy. Then we're even worse people. We're all communist to come and this to come and this to this is oil and steel. And the meaty here should have been screaming bloody murder 20 years ago about this crap beside just me. Thank God, I see men's boy. I just was to show you when you gave up on an old fart who just celebrated his 100th birthday like I see men's. He finally got it up one last time. It must have popped a fire grenade ass or you don't just before that newscast last night where you think. Uh-huh. Probably you can almost hear it. Rise in one last time. Got some balls got some co-hones on here and told it like it was. And all these other people terrified to speak out because you know, just like which you've balanced. La Bomba. Look what the fuck did to him and the big bopper and the buddy Holly. La Bomba. I don't think that playing going out with the license now that I think about it. It was probably La Bomba. Here's lady and mommy's spring, so hello. Hi Neil. Yes, man. Hi Neil. Okay. Um, Neil, I was going to you don't and I would say say I came over here 15 years ago. See? Um, these clethings are terrible there and it's given us all horrible reputations. However, I think that is that if you would have made the law because we are in this country. Um, non-the best although I don't know what the father really feels. Yeah. Um, I think that we should be able to tell everybody to tell a whole world where he wants his son to be. Yeah. Did I only kind of profession? Right. And anybody? Being excited from anybody from the people here that people here. Um, being there and being raised there, I know that there's a tremendous amount of pressure on him right now. And he probably is really not telling the world what he wants for his son. Well, that's all of the reason that he shouldn't have an answer right here when he comes here. He should be here alone. Exactly. And there should be some kind of neutral ground that really neutral what he can need with the child and his family over here, a new meeting should only be with family, not for a future from either side, you know. Next question from anybody. And once the season is made there by the family, if he wants to take his son back, he should be able to take him back and he's ready to be quiet. How he said that? Yeah. I'm going to tell you a personal experience that I have, because I know that a lot of people here don't know that being raised in he's very soon about and please by no means, I'm not a religious person and I'm the last person that should be talking about that. But I remember very well being six years old and being in the classroom and having a teacher, calming and say to all of us, she has been de-elevating that and you know how little clip far everybody writes this their hand, I do I do. So, you know, if he covers, okay, now close your eyes and extend your hand out and ask God for peace of candy. So everybody did tell your hand was empty. So, she goes, okay, you really, you're still believing God? Now do these, close your eyes. Yeah. And ask the God for peace of candy. I think, you know, she had the town hall to everybody and then the end of the story was, you see God doesn't expect to tell us. Yeah. That is the kind of abuse of this child is going to be subjected to. I don't, I don't call that abuse. I mean, what difference is this different kind of brainwashing? He's already being brainwashing in the catholic school here? You know, I don't think that school is going to be a scalpel. Yes, it is. It's a catholic school. Sure. But I don't think that the government should have the right to tell the kids who they have to believe in. Well, I agree with that, but I mean, that's a whole separate issue. That's not going to change. But he's happening right now and you know, you see people here in this country are concerned about their children being properly set their vise in their school and bloodline, they don't want to raise your higher than city kids for teachers. Yeah. You know, you're 11 and 12 yourselves and you've got they send you to labor camps away from your parents. I got news for he's not going any labor camp. I guarantee that. I'm not going to just bother. Trust me, but I said and I got to run. Have a great thing. Is he going to labor camp? No. I hear, I hear he's replacing Fidel in a couple of weeks. That's what I'm hearing. That's a rumor I just started. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. I'm not going to do that. Just in love of day. Just in love of day. I wish. What am I? You walk into work and your thoughts and the brush. The work is ours. There's the happy and refuse to work. You don't get your rain. Get off the work and the streets. There's no crowd. The traffic that has been bridges still out. You know, the record that you're crossing the nuns are bleeding from areas. All just in love of day. Just in love of day. Just in love of day. I wish. What am I? You get off the work and the house. The judges are all screaming and the job of this move. You make thinking of the new the smell of men's clothes. That's the only job yours. So you don't think in I don't think you can't all your problems. Doing your plastic, going up in the bowl while the men's room doing 360 around you. You're going to think of the house. Just in love of day. Just in love of day. Just in love of day. Now it is your end. So you're lost in confusion. You're missing down the room now. You're wondering why you were born in such a thinking hell. Well, what you call life. So you look. What you're done. And your house is still loaded and you aim at your head and you're slowly throw the trigger in. I was very excited here at supper. Well, great done. Fine, now I should see you. All right. That's with the four bullets and moving up fast. Here's our 191 votes on our poll question for students only. The images dot com, 191 votes should alien go back with this father, 149, 78%. Of course, the 80% but a little bubbling under stay here, 42, 21.9%. So it's 78 to 22. By the way, the last trade on B's, the 60 m was on BBGI. Even beyond. Not eight, not ten, not beyond. Yes. Wow. See, I'm watching days of our lives down. 7. Maybe something will happen. You think something's going to happen with a father before 2? Oh, at least it's an excuse. Maybe those that couple will be under naked again, but I doubt it. But there's bowl. Okay. There's old bowl who just earned 72, by the way. And we're amazing thing. Nobody corrected me on this because nobody in this, if they watched the days of our lives, they wouldn't be listening to this show. Alice Horton is still alive. How do you like that? You know, Alice Horton? McDonald Kerry was timehorting on there to one it says, like, sand through the hourglass. What a bad show this is ridiculous. In fact, I think Stefano probably killed him. But at any rate, and Alice Horton, the, the, the Yamama, she's still alive on here. I saw it like last week. One of those is the several days I walked out. There was Alice Horton. I think she's kind of timhorting. This thing isn't, I'm sorry. I'm starting up again. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I love you, you're one of the only people who are in Miami that alert the community is what the hell's going on in this banana republic. I'm so incorrect. Yes. Now, got them, the doctor pushed this call up in National Guard because these people are like, he said, they're not like he said, but they are closed. Don't forget, these are the same people that was on the other days. I came and watched my day and teenage, but I thought that's, you got their war grip, war games flying on American fire. Yeah, shooting themselves in the country. So, you keep it up. You should go. You should have been that. Okay. Thank you. You said, quickly. 560, 560. Well, he said no, Schmidt. Okay. He was right. He was the right, FNA. Got out of time. I'd open. I need this in case there's any interest out there. They said to be to interest in us anywhere else. Oh, they're lucky. You're all lucky. If you're listening out of town, if you're on the internet, if you're in the area, if you're in the area, if you're in the area, if you're having a Ontario, where about you are? By the way, 2 by about that greasy goal off forward, this and word, skate last night, or we could add that point for least. But that's okay. Buffalo in the end of the points. I didn't see fat boy up here just going rubbing it in because you knew what's better for them. That's all we gave me the 2 points back boy. That's why we had those shots in the second period. What's he talking about? What is his mental? I'm talking about the Toronto Maple Leaf stuff. It's a much more important than Alien. I'll tell you that right now. It did a week. Just ask me, I'll tell you. And by the way, tomorrow night, the Bruins game, the last homesteader game of the regular season for the Panthers, no TV. I mentioned that right now was originally supposed to be the SPN or douche game or something like that and they changed in mind. And so Fox, are we going to do it? No, now we don't want to overwork Rimmer. And especially in these Pac van after that nude photo got out of her. Oh, did you see that on the wall back here? Yeah, it's a picture card. It's a strip from the Orlando. And her name is Denise Pac van, POTV. I end. Just another boog. See, reading this day, I'm telling what to get to this time of the day and try to straighten these lines up. You can get vertical. Where is Alfred Hitchcock when we need him? Here's Kendall. Hello. New good afternoon. Yes, sir. Imagine the guy to have to sleep with that crazy Cuban lady. Oh, I was warm. My brains out. Yeah. Listen, in my hands, I have limited edition Benningeries, peppermint ice cream with talking white, fudge chunks. Wow. It is great. You get that. Pupics. What do you mean limited edition? Yeah, only they went away. They come out with a batch of ice cream. Something real good. And like Wendy's this famous for doing that. Something that you really love and then they discontinued. They take it away. Oh, be damned. We gotta try it. It's great. I'll be as you do that too. That's why I start going there. But this is really good. Okay. You'll come back for more. Thanks for the good news. I really want to. So I can't. How do I know that last guy was Jewish? Was he Jewish? I don't know. I just tell you know, can't you tell certain people on a phone you can tell their Jewish? If they say, oh, he didn't say boy. You know, he didn't speak. You didn't say boy. You could do that. Yeah. What do you know? Or we're grounded with joy. That's what you know. Goi. Goi. Like the bird used to say, boy, you're going. Is he saying that anymore? No, no, he's dead. Why? Oh, and you know, I forgot to tell you this. It's embarrassing. You know who asked me with a serious look on his face? Is that really true? You guys just making that up at the hockey game last week? Your good post friend. Paul Harvey Jr. I should have said, is that the kind of thing we would joke about that we would make up that somebody died? And he looked at me and went, moving, moving like that. He must think you're Alex, but I've done it. Oh, my god. Well, the driveway is Steve Kanger's good. I'm sorry. Oh, just his number. He knows. His number is well, every die because he doesn't have any. It's just like WFAN. Waffin. Are their numbers going to die? No, they don't have any. Not one diary. Not one single, measly. Or does it mean? Yeah. They thought I said, measly. Oh, it's automatic. I have to be a spy. First it off automatically. I've got to touch it. It's like voice activated now. You're listening to the effects of real Roger on 5.6. You're a-out. For 30, I've got to meet you. Someone you can't make up. I have a good heart day. A long, long time ago. He was 1900, and Jesse Homes was just a lad of nine. And no one knew what was in store. Just ended the Spanish American War. So they parted like it was 1899. The world then said, made you shiver. But there were times we did deliver. A promise that was kept. With that thing, there's one small step. I can't remember each event. Or everything that man did invent. A century we were present. This is how it went. My, my, how the time it did fly. It started some deported man. It's easy to cry. For the century it's done that we figured by it. All happened to blink of a night. I'll help with these half-gun fires. It all started when two guys were right. When they pulled in their blame, they'd do flight. And they saw the Brady Yosel. Signified had his mother's thanks. And one to theory and next flight. And the Titanic. That story we all know. Well world war won it soon began with shooting arch to Princess Bird and Nand. Really inside from the blue. And flat thinking was where to. And then bloodshot had each revolution. And a mark in next before the the oceans. And not for these we both see again. The world's bridges gone by. And we were singing in mind. I have the time it did fly. It started some deported man. It's easy to cry. For the century it's done that we figured by it. All happened to blink of a night. A hundred years have gone by. And that is the galaxy. And that pictures the new model see. And then Bird landed near the ring. And some old different gifts and a silhouette wall street. And the great deflection. And women would vote like you and me. And Germany's Chancellor was sworn in. And World War II would soon begin. Me, your return land. The project minutes and the evolution trials in Tennessee. We caught a first one. Got TV. And the day that they've been informed me. On with you. It's gone by. And we were singing in mind. I have the time it did fly. It's just started some deported man. It's easy to cry. For the century it's done that we figured by it. All happened to blink of a night. What the kids have gone by. When they went, and they were still bewarein' and starting with the TV station. But at what in a hauling car. In Russia no one did the frost. And Germany they find the luck. Discover the horrors of the Holocaust. That man little boy and only gave. Change your whole world on that everyday. We know that just begun. And China moved by the place of the first player in baseball. That was black. Is reality our whole man back. Maps to choose if the like they jacked. We were singing in mind. I have the time it did fly. It's just started some deported man. It's easy to cry. For the century it's done that we figured by it. All happened in the blink of a night. Our hundred years have gone by. That's really pretty. We'll make such a fight. We're closer to tired when on the bus. Only your cure with the vaccines. And Russia's get us big time with spot nicks. Our troops into Korea quick. Discovered the doubles. He like he he he he he. Oh, J.F.K. Let's not wait to soon. But promise you get us all to the moon. You're the first to stay. Yeah, the do we did it with. And the friendship that declined to do tonight. You business so gave us quite a fright. Now these injuries on new fight. A hundred years gone by. Who we were singing in mind. I have used it to fly. And since I thought it's not the party. Many years we've declined. But a century it's done that we figured by it. All happened in the blink of a night. Our hundred years have gone by. New science step with the big news. Rovers way gave women right to choose. Nicks and resigns about what again. Got the troops that have beat them. I'd have to just take in by I ran. And a virus made us too scared to go day. Has to baby tell them off. Some guy named Phil started Microsoft. Turned over all the explosion. The Berlin Wall gets broken. They you as it's all set goodbye. Some students in China, they detry. Seven died in the Florida sky. Our hundred years gone by. And they were singing. My habit time is that it's decided. Some deported many years we declined. But the century it's done that we figured by it. All happened in the blink of a night. Our hundred years have gone by. We were singing in mind. My habit time is that it's decided. Some deported many years we declined. But the century it's done that we figured by. Cause a hundred years have gone by. New life. WU. WU. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. I'm a man. Six years. I took her calls away and signed for it. This is a huge issue. My belly may end. May I see you. Cause I've been cat and sleeping. And if I could not be going. You can't make hours away. Now at ten, two others. but the inheritance say it's that okay change my name to shoot food I remember one hour that was stolen and I sat down my cell after I shot the face They will catch loads of boating in time. Photoboundic tip I've now been jade now. Patterns. Got to go and tell those back-to-chain. Track-to-chain. Track-to-chain. Track-to-chain. Track-to-chain. Track-to-chain. Track-to-chain. Track-to-chain. Track-to-chain. Track-to-chain. Track-to-chain. Track-to-chain. Loving on a ball in your song. Bbana makes me sound so bad. Got nothing to do with literacy. Now I got to make my own money. Lay the food down good to me. I got plenty of nothing. Bbana couldn't get me anywhere. Maybe I'll muggle all my dead. Did, steal the sets, and fuller Hell. Then I'm gonna take the money. Buy a furiel. In the fridge a day Hurry and boil an hour. Y Paige is sick. Alright then. Time to fill the deal down. [( Historian Government speaking about English speaking English sagte thats honest, that was not correct for a talk, so these were the puns I had in the novels!" now, she would know. She'll be me at first. OK I will be goin bankrupt! Crescent. tren'er green. I disable the HoustonTech device, so you're gonna be waiting for me... is great article by Phil Muskin. But I say Muskin, Muskin, Muskin in the TV guide. That's somebody who just passed to me about the very timely. By the way, thank you so much, sir, whoever you are. Anyway, Phil Muskin writes this in this week's TV guide. On to the sports view column. He says to end a very bad copy, so I'll bear with me. Okay, it's going to be hard to read. But Fitzwited with his last professional Negro. Two months after John Rocker revealed himself to be a young fool with a bigoted bent. He remains a national symbol of hatred and intolerance. This is called Piling On. And more and more he's liable to become a martyr to the flip side of freedom of speech. For now, Rocker is an excellent example of selected persecution. After all, there is no group in this country that's hate-free or holds an exclusive right on pain. Consider that Reggie White NFL star in the devoted servant of God said much the same as Rocker. He said that homosexuals exist as undesirable citizens only white Senator of pulpit. Last month, white men against appearance on CBS's touched by an angel. You think any such appearances outside of portraying Satan are now available to Rocker? No. The NAACP demanded that Rocker's bigotry should spell the end of his baseball career that the brave's immediately firing him. Yet the NAACP has provided white-spigotry with a convenient lookaway pass. It's interesting that Rocker's infamous remarks appeared in sports illustrated. Six months earlier, SI had published anti-Semitic remarks uttered by Richard Williams' father of tennis stars Venus and Serena. Yet the NAACP wasn't moved to condemn Williams and in fact, the author of the piece of excuse Williams' bigotry is evidence of his plakiness. Rocker, who might be everybody's plaky, was issued no such pardon. Graves legend and board member Henry Aaron has expressed how deeply offended he is by Rocker's across the board ethosantricity, but where is Aaron bin all these years while American Indians lobbied the braves to cease their insensitive stereotypical portrayal of Native Americans, especially Tomahawk Chopdemonstrations. Major league baseball is revised by Iraqis, and he's looking at the copy. Revolced by Rocker's comments, Rocker was ordered to undergo a psychiatric evaluation with them to spend until the second month of the season, but where was Major league baseball after anyone of RAVES ONER Ted Turner's infamous bigoted statements, or where these just evidence of Turner's plakiness? Well, I don't know if I've already was Rocker, if Crowley is the gu-a-quality is the goal, either everyone gets punished or nobody gets punished. I've gone here by Phil Mustick in this week's TV Guide, under Sports View, and that's exactly correct, and there are a lot of people, just like this call or before, you see it's okay if black people want to be bigoted, that's alright. It's okay to be a black racer, and talk about honkeys, and make all kinds of grotesca comments about every other minority, that's okay about Jews, and fags, and this one on that one, then it's okay. Some asshole like Redneck like John Rocker comes out and makes these comments, then we have to have a big song in a dance, and he's got to get suspended, and the NAACP and Jesse Jackson, they're all in their piling on, but you're a bullcraft, you want to have it both ways. And let me say it again, no more, no more affirmative action, no more bullcraft, okay? No more trying to force people to pay back for things that we've done, 300 years ago, 50 years ago, 100 years ago, no way, get an education, get a brain, and stop whining and complaining to everybody else that everybody's picking on you, like a little kid in the school yard. And this business about Cecil Collins, let me say it again, if he was as white as the fallen snow, what difference would it make? But there's some niggraful, but immediately there that keeps fretting these stories, just because it happens to be going on. You wouldn't be talking about it if he was white. Just like Ray Corrup and the Ray Lewis, the fact that they're black, it's not because of the crimes that they're accused of, that's not what people are talking about, just like OJ Simpson, it wasn't because he was accused, and we knew them well that he murdered two young people in cold blood, that was because he was black. What a pile of crap that is, here's one of the most revered, admired semi-literate people in the history of American culture, OJ Simpson, but it just all happened that because it became like a daily soap opera for a month after month and a month, and America became in just embroiled in it, that's why it was on everybody's tongue, that's why people hate him like poison, because they always have cold blood in the murder work, not because he's black, and I'll say it again, this bears repeat, every time I get a call like that, did any white group defend Ted Bundy and say that he was picked upon because he was white, John Wayne Gacy, David Berkowitz, Richard Speck, Charles Manson, Jeffrey Domer, were gay rights groups defending John Wayne Gacy and Jeffrey Domer, I don't think so, my dark, complicated friend, but how anybody could inject race into the Cecil Collins thing, man, you need some serious help, you need to find a life, get a hobby, he's got one, well, spit in watermelon seeds, I bet he can spit in my pretty figure piece, for peace, that's what the Cecil was looking for. I guess that thing with Irina, I guess maybe a Salvador has got a point, it's only me. I hear the people in opportunity, I thought we'd get a lot of calls from that with people with their comments, good, better, and different, nobody cares about that, in fact you a whole hockey people with that crowd, not only can't they talk about the games, they can't even talk about what's going on there, that has nothing to do with the game. Here's Miami, hello. Miami? Neil, yes sir. Neil got how you doing? Okay, long, this is the first time called, it's going to be easy, I'll take it easy, I'm going to say, that was an up-time year, wasn't it? I bet at least. Great question, I'm Johnny Gro. Neil, I'm a white, a white American, I'm Gringo, okay, I was born and raised here in Miami, I was going to school up state in New York, and I just came back and I was talking dinner with some of my Cuban friends and we were talking about that kitty Dion. Jesus, God. Okay, and they gave me a point of view and I liked to pass it to you and get your thoughts on it. And what they were saying is that this kitty may be baby Moses. Yeah? You think that's a possibility? And you think that we ought to be discussing that, so you think that that's a kind of idea to be discussing, but there's the baby Moses, you're right, sir, you're a week, get out here. His columny asking you, like seriously, is he the baby? Yes, he is the baby Moses. In fact, this friend's column of Macey, back in Cuba, the column Macey for short, and I believe maybe George is the operative word, because that's what the Abuela said, really short, and they grown an inch. Ain't grown a silly millimeter, what they said, and they squeezed it a couple times and it started growing and they said, but it cut that out. Yeah, they made it grow. You know, really sorry, all my grandparents died before I was born. Yeah, what I missed out on Jamie missed out. You could have looked at him through your evil eye. Here's the Jackie's Fox, okay? Okay. Hello, I'm a black female American, and I'm calling due to the fact that I'm listening to 16 AM currently, and I do not appreciate the kind of that I've been made referring to black Americans. It is ridiculous that the way they are talking about people are welfare because they're a more white people are welfare. American, then black, there's more white trash out there. They're not trying to get exactly just going to lay around and have babies from black people. And I would appreciate if you would stop making those horrendous comments because I'm sticking to it up and I will call my warrior. She will call her lawyer, by the way. First of all, good morning to my good friend, Salvatore J. Farulo, who's the general manager of Boston and Cessan's group. And I don't care if you people out there know how to answer a bunch of pussy because I'm always the guy that's got to come forward with a big balls and tell it like it is. The food of the arena sucks. It's overpriced. The portions are small. The choices horrendous and it's unacceptable, Salvatore. That's the answer to it that you're looking for. Okay sweetheart, with or without your gut and tour. With or without your brain washing and propaganda. Your food sucks. Here's a pig report on the alley. Hello. Gone? Okay, I guess you just thought it. Well, we just thought it out. But I expect I guess he's been left to, you know, just drop everything and, you know, drop the spot and our pants and just put them on right away. Sorry they got him. Maybe they got him out there on the alley. Yeah. Yeah, I thought what is that smell? Five or that's right Josh Friedman's in the building. Or maybe it's Bruce Vsling. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Well, you know when you're sleeping at dumpster all night, you don't wake up smell too good in the morning. You don't talk about how to get you to Bruce. Here's candle. Hello. Candle. This is going to be too in a row. Yes. Yes sir. Yes, the little leaf. And according from candle. You're calling from candle, but a funny voice like this. No, no. How long you've been working on this voice, Mike? No, sir. Yes sir. No, sir. I'm not, I'm not Indian numberic hunters. You're an Indian American, but a voice like this. Yes, sir. Yes. Yes. That's a bad fake Indian American voice. I don't, I don't, I don't. You're doing very well. Okay. Good. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Okay. We're on a run now, baby. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes sir. Good morning. Good morning. Hi. Do we have a story about the Mac Arena actually. I was there about about a month ago. That was the last time I ate actually. Is this a difficult question that I'm asking this morning? Well, you know, you get a lot of brain dead people out in Miami, especially that one gentleman who called a couple calls ago. Maybe we could get John Rocker to beat the living crap out of that guy. Anyways, I was at the Mac Arena. Are you a Negro folks, sir? No, sir. Okay. I'm just checking. Okay. I was at the Mac Arena a couple, not three weeks, two months ago. And I have to agree with a lot of the people down here, including yourself, that the food is very overpriced for very poor food. I actually did have food poisoning for about, I would say, about 24 hours. Yeah. Yeah. That was at that was, I was literally smitten and puking at the same time. And I like it picture was, What do you go? What is the gentleman who served it to me was laughing. That's all I could think about. Absolutely terrible. I will never eat there again. And I still support my panthers. Right. Also, supporting the team has got nothing to do with eating the crap that they're, I keep trying to point that out to the public. And a lot of these people don't get that. They don't understand that. Well, $6 a burger and I mean, $4 for a coke. Well, she can't even need you ever again, because you got to tell people every other second a shut up and sit down, because it is nothing but a social event. Still got to go there, got to support the team. Okay. Have a great day. Thank you. Good bus you. I don't want to get all this other stuff about what it's a social event and people are smoothing. It got nothing to do with the hockey game, with the what's going on there. It has to do with the fact that here is it plays where they charge you. They soak you in armoured leg to go there for whatever the event is. And then they expect you to go and subsidize their concession and they suck. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I mean, how difficult. It's just like the with airplane food. Why is it such a difficult science? I don't understand that. Even the cavemen were, you know, somehow they managed to eat something. They put together a pretty good meal. Or maybe not so good. Maybe even better in the can. And it sure is how cost a lot less than what we're paying to the macarooner. No question about that. Tell me just about it. But it's not like we're talking rocket science here. We're talking about, uh, all look at all the good restaurants we've got in town. How come you can't go into a sporting event where they're soaking you in armoured? I mean, like the restaurant other than a tytoni of course. But they are restaurants. They don't charge you like a, uh, some kind of an entrance fee to get in for the honor of ordering their food. You follow what I'm saying? So you're already paying to the most civil winner to see a sporting event or a concert, whatever. You think of the very least the people that are in charge of the restaurant part of it. They want to put something good in there. It's like you said you're a captive audience. Right. I have no option. Exactly to make it a pleasurable experience. And the fact is it's not. You thought that was pasta salad, but it's not. Here's a mobile in a Western, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, no. Yeah, I hadn't come about that brother that was on the phone. Look before the break. Yeah, that's the nigga to grow. Yes. Can you believe it? All he has to do is go home watch the E.T. And after noon, it's the all the nigga is on the phone. Right. And as we think of this man, I'm listening to you. It's a bit of a beta. Right. And we believe it's a lot of a mouth that it thinks that way. I'm a black American, by the way. So have a good day. And back to you. See, there's a black American for you right there. There's a darkiest smokey egg, a good guy. Yeah. A cocoon. Yeah, some of you people need to get out of your cocoon and see the real world now. And then just be sure you're going to write neighborhood. 560, 750, 550, Pomp 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Don't forget to cue a manl to be at the California Pizza Kitchen. 23 or one more federal highway from 1230 to 130 free passes to the new times in an National Beer Fest and Friday, February 25 and then Reno golf passes to from the nephew. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Yes sir. What's up? Hey, hey, new. Yeah, listen. What's up, what's up? What's up, what's up, what's up? I'm Moly. I'm buying a little bit of a car. There's a system out of the truck in the car. I'm going to get right there. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Boca. Neil. I would read laws contact with the audience all of a sudden. I mean, what's going on here this morning? Yes sir. Hello. How are you? Okay. I got to tell you I can care. I think the food at the macarine sucks. Especially the hot dogs. I mean, you'd think that that's the biggest selling food they have in there that they would have a decent hot dog. I mean, how hard is it? I mean, why couldn't they get like Nathan's to come in there and set up other plenty of places where you see Nathan and Nathan's make food hot dogs. They go into shun malls, you know, like right in fact there's a Nathan's right over there in the in the saw grass. Yep. I couldn't get why couldn't they get Nathan's to come in and set up a hot dog thing there. Or somebody that knows how to make food is opposed to these Boston concessions people who all they do is present you with crap there. I mean garbage. How do you being down the American Airlines arena? No sir. Well the hot dogs there aren't bad. But they do have a lot of yellow seats empty yellow seats disguised as people. Yeah. That's all I got. Okay. Thanks. Okay. He likes the weenies better there at the Mickey's place. He likes what Mickey's with some of the weenies. 567.0560. 560 on the 18. And I see this is generally the attitude. Most people are complacent. They don't give a crap. They grumble about it. They don't care. Here's a guy that came to me and gave me his business card. And obviously, some of concern over the comet did he heard on his show. And as a result of his coming over and giving me his business card. He inspired me to come on and go ballistic this morning which I am. So as usual, I have to do the guy named Legwork and the month work for the bunch of suckers out there that are willing to, you know, cough up their heart and bust for any kind of crap they will need. Any kind of slot they will need. I don't understand it. Why doesn't have to be slot? Why can't it be quality? Why can't it go? We're not expecting shut up. We're not expecting, you know, some fantic, mantees go gourmet meal. Unless of course you want to those multi-millionaires that's sitting up there in the section that the rest of us can't get to. So you want to give me a guided tour of all that high high for looting stuff up there. The rest of us can't get to it. And I don't want no free pass to go up there in to be able to get to it. I'm not interested in that. I want to be right down there with the real rush leperes where I belong. Especially after all those great stock tips for my guy over there right when. Oh, I understand it. But I mean, I don't know. But I'm out by. Yeah, right. Okay. Whatever you say. You said almost smell the pile growing under his desk yesterday. Here's a mobile and Oakland park. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. Yes. Here's the interesting thing about Boston concessions. You know all those people that bring you the food and ring it all up. Yeah. They're not paid. What do you mean by that? Let me explain it to you. My son does this. If you have a nonprofit youth sports organization, and you have kids that are over 16 years old. Right. And they go there and they work and they get 11% of what they sell goes to the organization. In other words, it's 100% right off for Boston concessions. As opposed to the paid people, it's only a percentage right off. Those people aren't paid. Well, well, but there's a lot of adults there. Those aren't the old kids. You're going to get the. Right. Right. The coaches and the parents. There's two in each concession. There are two paid people. I've heard this. I've heard this. I've heard that. I've heard that. I've heard that. My son was the last night was a six night doing it for a nonprofit Harka organization. Yeah. True story. None of those kids are paid. And none of the parents accept one manager because they have to inventory everything at a beginning. And inventory everything at the end down to the individual cuts and piece. So this is like rubbing salt in your room because that makes it even worse that they're out of the house. They're not even paying anybody a salary to work behind the counter. You got it. Nice. Same thing with the appropriate park by the way, because I was on a football board there. And they wanted to do the same thing. But the problem is you had to have a minimum of 18 parents. You're trying to 18 parents down into Miami for 16 Sundays, including the Super Bowl. It comes where you had a small contract. No. Plus, in pro player, you had to buy the uniforms from them. You had to buy the belt for $18. You had to buy the belt. It started to sound like an am way scam. You know, like a real good deal. Sure it is. Thanks for the good news sir. All the money goes to Wayne. Okay. Have a good day. Then don't forget just say, oh, the Boston concessions. I don't think all of my does go to Wayne. I don't know how that works. Maybe somebody really does know how the deal isn't. You mean how much of a ghost. They were the like, how they stay. They slice up. They're like that pizza that they said. That crap that they pretend is pizza. They slice up the pie. How hard would it be? And then with all due respect to ponytail and all of our other good friends in a pizza business. But I mean, because he, you know, he, that's probably not what the hinge grass to do that. But why couldn't they have like pizza hut come in there? You know what I'm talking about? Less profit. Better food. Less profit. Well, you know what? To your profit. That's why I don't eat your food in the macaroni and I won't. And then this one will prove it put something good in there. That maybe I could eat. That maybe it was edible at a reasonable price. Sure. So that's really cheap. They examined that a couple of ways to give me a break. My dog's both of them who eat anything. I mean, there is nothing in the world that they won't eat. In fact, yeah. But I'm going to tell you, they would have turned their nose up at the day. They would have laughed. They would have started wagging their tail and looking at me with that smile. Like, are you shot in me? Are you think I'm going to eat this mitt? No way Jose. Filly cheese steak sandwich. And this Salvador for rural brings me his car with a straight face. I mean, yeah, I seem like a nice enough guy. I just happen to believe that if he's a general manager of a business business, he's a general manager of this Boston concessions. And he's one responsible for their stuff that they're putting out there. Those prices that maybe he's a nice guy who happens to be inept. You know what I'm saying? You follow what I'm talking about? And I sky who just don't get it? Or maybe he just does 70 tasteless. Maybe his taste buds were scraped off as young man. Maybe he had to understand the severity of the swirl that they're pumping out of those concessions. You have a thing to the best of real Roger on 560 QA-A. Okay. Hey there, rodent lovers. March is all you can eat. Weasel month and red hamster. And 10 to 45 minutes. With three tasty new rodent platters. There's deep fried field mice. Feelin' eat muskgratt. And of course our world famous hamster mouth. And we'll see you in the next video. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And we'll see you in the next video. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. And of course our world famous hamster mouth. And again, making double cheese weasel freeze into all the hair. And our platters are always fresh. Not like those other rodent platters. Because we keep them in another wheel. Why the food fill they hit the span? Try our tasty roadside pizza. Fresh from the highway to your table in minutes. If you're good and don't forget dessert. I'm trying to get my cookie. Yeah. I'm not a hot-up or pie. I'm a mole. I'm an ass. I'm a good hamster for the golden lovers. When you lose. Red hamster. On Main Street, a gone from dribble game. Can beat that data meat. Are you happy with your current job? Get the training you need today for the jobs of tomorrow. At HIT. Hookers in training will teach you what you need to know to succeed in business today. Well at HIT, I learned what kind of heels to wear. With the span, they taught me all kinds of tricks. Like how to give a comma and wear to put my gun while doing it. Now I'm more confident to turn and trick. Thanks to HIT. Get the training you need at HIT to give jobs tomorrow. Hookers in training. Couldn't be right for you. Call HIT at 1-800-How much. Yeah. We'd be working at HIT only in this case. They left off the first letter. Take a look at that phone. You know what I'm saying? I am so sick and tired. You hockey people. Good bye. This is official. Good bye. I'm only counting the game. The game. The sport. Anything that's going on there. They're intelligent. They can't discuss even the food. They have no opinion on it. So good bye. And don't waste my time. Don't come by. I'm losing in the game. Because you won't play the game. You got no opinion. You got nothing to say. Don't kind. I don't do a show on on there. I go to see the game. They give me the tickets for free. I go there to be left alone to watch the game. I don't want to be doing a show with anybody there. With a bunch of people that refuse to call a show and have anything to say. You can sit there and vision belly to the people around you. That isn't going to get back to Salvador J. For rule over the people of Boston, and when high-penga in the organization. Here's an opportunity to come on the air and say something. Will they do it? No. So my frustration level with that whole crowd. I mean, just go away. Go to get out of my life. I just write you people off. Like those people last year, the beginning of the season when they came in the first games. Come out of me. Oh, gee. Our seats are too small. You got to do something. You got a bitch in complaint. I've always had to be the spokesman. They got one spokesman in the organization. Okay. I can't be the spokesman. They only got one. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello? Yes, sir. We listen in the 80s and you love you and go to the country. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hey, how you doing? Okay. I got a couple last week at the Mac Arena. Yeah. I went in there and I took a couple of cheeseburgers because I couldn't afford the food. Uh-huh. I got kicked out. You can't take food in there. It's just like P.P. Park. They will first you. They will give you a body search, a cavity search. You can't take food in there. Yeah. The guy that took me out was laughing in my face eating the food. Yeah. Thanks. When he put me out. Exactly. Well, at least they had some good food in there anyway. Yeah, right. Thanks a lot. Okay. That's a good idea. You guys that really don't care much about seeing the games. Just bring some good food. Yeah. Well, split it up. We'll do it up. Yeah. We'll have a special counter. The only a few of us will know about where it is. Seriously. This town is the most dead head. God damn freaking place on the face of the earth. And you know something. The reason that they give you the crap that they do at the prices that they do is because they can because you're stupid enough to keep coming back for more. If I open up a steak restaurant and I give you a horse meat. That tastes like horse meat. And I charge you an extraordinary price for what I call a steak. And you keep coming back for more and more and all of your friends keep coming in. And just say, it is ain't too bad. You know what? I'm going to continue doing it. Well, give you all the Schmidt that you. That's 50. There's no what they say. They hear all the Schmidt that's fit to print something like that. Rimes with fit. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey. Hey. How you doing? Welcome back first of all. And my girlfriend works over the macarena for Boston concessions. So they got to know what he's talking about. I know. She's she's looking for another job as it is. But yeah. So I made a boat while I've heard that before too that they have. Yeah, about about about about a third of the people in there are volunteers. They've heard like church groups and stuff like that. And they get paid, you know, whatever, you know, volunteering, whatever they're volunteering. They're time for gets paid. Whatever they're doing. What kind of a scam is that? I have no clue. I mean, if you open up a commercial restaurant. And you had a bunch of people working in their waiters and waiters and so on. I mean, and nobody was getting paid or even getting their tips. And they're just the percentage was going to some charity. I don't know that would never fly. I would never happen. Nobody would work like that. That's exactly why all the arena workers for them. Oh, my amy arena were all up and arms because the new arena. 100% of the concessions are run by the volunteers. Now, you mean to Miami? In Miami. But you know, the up and up the macarena. It's about a third of them. Uh-huh. You know, for the concessions. Why do you have to be so bad and so overpriced? I have no clue. So, both of these, it's a lot better in clubs. And they're only doing that to the regular people. But, you know, they still shouldn't be doing that. You know, they can be making a full deal of it. The regular people, let me say it again. My tickets are $60 this seat. Does that sound like a slipper regular people to you? $60, ticket? That's why that's why I don't go to the games because I can't afford them. But I mean, but people who can afford to go to the games. And even if we are willing to pay the absorbent prices. Why is it that for six or eight bucks? The adhesion sandwich, unless they have it to be up there with the abluno's is in the club level. I don't want to sit in the club level. Yeah. I couldn't answer for that. Okay. Thanks, pal. The good luck to your girlfriend. You'll need it. So there you go. The pop keeps getting thicker and thicker. I'm back to that. My good friend, Salvatore, for you. I was really happy to be at the business card last night. You listen. Sal, let me tell you. I just tell you like it is. If I had good experiences, if I had good things about your food, if I thought the prices were fair, I'd come on here and sing your prices and say, hey, this is really great. I've done it many times before. But in your case, it blows. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Mobile and four-laterdale. Hello, sir. Yes, sir. Okay. You said that you fly a lot of flying. You do any flying at a lot of air in an actual airport? We're not in a long time. Okay. I'm a pilot and I fly out of there. Next time if you have, as you're leaving there, look on the north side of field. You can see how things are a little many air force. I think most of your money that's going over there is particular. Those airplanes are very good to fly over there. So, you know, next time texting out, just, you know, they're low enough air. I mean, this is serious iron out there. Okay. I'll give you a big wave. I'll give you a second salute. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Fly, fly, facer. Okay. Israel, Oceo's agreement between the Vatican and the Palestinians is once again the Pope. Here's a man in the dress, pissing off the beanie babies. Yeah. Yeah, they signed their bigger accord with the appeal, oh yes, today. They signed it. He said he thought that yes, it was a snappy dresser. Of course, it's all relative. You do understand that. Yeah. And he said, you know, maybe you want to wash that dress like maybe once a month would be good. But maybe they'd be bad like once a year before we have these big meetings. Before we hold our meat. He said, we always insist that the altar boys take a bath before. We. Yeah. Here's a man in the dress. Pitches off the beanie babies over there in Israel because he's consorting with a p. And never met a terrorist he didn't like. Not to mention Fidel, by the way, which very conveniently all the Catholics down here. All the Hispanic Catholics just kind of overlooked. And we're still waiting for the baby Jesus and all this other great stuff. All the good stuff to come in from the Vatican is a comment. No, is he going to like save Cuba from the devil? No, devil. No. But it was good PR. And of course, the Vatican likes PR. And then again, those three letters that come right after PR. Once again, we're having a beat the audience to a bloody pulp to try to elicit some kind of a comment from them, which is one piss poor sad commentary about this town. And the people who just destroy it. The people who crawl around in it. You're listening to the best of meal Rogers on 560 QAF. You're listening to real sports radio. It's a Friday. Sports radio. 560 QAF. Today's broadcast is brought to you by new school conclead. The all-purpose cleaner. See this shirt? It's fucking clean. How nasty is this carpet stain? Well, just drop down to your knees. Use a little bit of elbow grease and conclead. Yes, you can clean anything. Clean your dog. And clean your silverware. I can clean your car. I can clean everything you own. Get conclead today. Come visit one of our eight conclead stores or look us up on the web at conclead.com and conclead up. Okay, here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hey, what's up, man? Yes, sir. Let me tell you where the food sucks and all these stadiums and arenas. Huh? The reason is because you have these big concessioners, the, um, they put bits in. Right. Like Boston concession group. Exactly. They put bits in and they're competing against each other. And in order for them to make money in the end, they have to sell you shit. Okay, great. I wonder how much that is. Yeah, he said, in order to make money, they have to sell you schmet. And then of course, you can have a cold. You can have hot schmet, which is my favorite. I mean, this is just unbelievable. This to this to me is astonishing that nobody gives a crap. And you know, something, if you don't give a crap, because nobody's going to force me to. But I'm sorry, even brought it up in the first place. I apologize. So, just astonishing that there can be so many lending so many sheep out there. They're more concerned about, you know, watching that millionaire show on Fox. It's on a front page of the newspaper by Tom Jika, who wants to marry a millionaire. We can't give a million dollars away on Fox because they're doing that ABC. And everybody's watching that and then they'll get tired of that. It'll have to be who wants to be a billionaire instead to make it exciting with those stupid questions. Like what's your name? That's what the busy was. Crap. And just the thing when you come right down to it, what's the most eaten that place in his country? Where are more people, uh, such, uh, just soaking up the crap McDonald's? What's the most popular ice cream flavor vanilla? So, I guess, you know, most of the people have crappy taste in the first place. So, who am I to tell them to tell them, you know, the bad news? They're enjoying it. They're having a good time. They're savoring it. They're loving it. Let me just do that. And they don't have it. That doesn't bother them either. Yeah, give me four bucks for about 15 cents worth of soda, which is about 80% water anyway. Which, like I said, is about 98% water anyway. And a bunch of chemicals. Give me, uh, yeah, you could, you could bring in your own two-liter bottle. They're on sale in my publics the other day for 79 cents for two liters. Stop and think about that. Any flavor you like? With sugar, with, uh, whatever you want. 79 cents, ordinarily like maybe 99 cents for a big 2-liter bottle. But for the honor and privilege of having a paid an arm and leg and going into a goddamn sporting event, the same morons, the same dumb people. I'll let a pay three and four bucks for like, uh, this much, uh, watery crap. There you go, stir it up, tub again. The award happy with it. Okay, great. I'm sorry. I thought maybe I would like do, you know, like do a pubic service every day. And speak out on behalf of the masses out there. But, uh, how do you know what about my hand? Like two or three and a one guy, he's happy with his $8 record, but you sandwich. He said, what's your beef? Here's a mobile and cool spring. So, uh, yeah, sir. I just want to, what do you think about the panther's, uh, lower in some of the ticket prices? The baby's full of that place up. It's not going to happen. It's going to doesn't make financial sense if you're only going to, you know, bring in 15,000 people into an arena. But possibly, what are the prices somewhat? The shoulder place? No, I think it's going to be using as an excuse to dump the team. All right. Or that's fine in any talent in the future. What do you mean not signing any talent in the future? The team is in first place. Did just one last night, three and a half. I know, I know. Five games in home all season, long. What are you talking to? He's great team, what, don't you think it's going to use as an excuse? I'm not saying you know, you don't have to. Mr. I, from your mouth to God's ears, I would only be the first one to tell you that if he would sell the team tomorrow, I'd be the happiest man in the face of the earth. You and I, close. Okay. You and I both. But why the hell is he going to be in a hurry to sell it? He's making a fortune there. He doesn't have to sell all 19,000 seats. And I want the playoffs come of course. Maybe not in the first round, but if they make it into the second round, they've heard a good chance that they will. That place will be packed to be standing remodeling in their every guy, damn playoff game. And they'll be filling the same high over price concessions and the same park in fees and all the other crap. Like this guy is losing money in there. And that's the mention all the concerts that he's got the big chunk of an airtool. Everything that goes on in there. He's got a piece. Yeah, that too. He's got a piece. Here's David. Hello. Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. Good morning. I like to go ahead and put my two cents in on the whole mac arenas food thing. Yes. I would see, once it went to my ex-girlfriend, we got the food. Didn't really get dinner. So I got one of those chicken wrapped. It's in the green leaf or whatever. Yeah, and I had that. It wasn't that bad. I mean, it could have been better. All the food there could be better. I mean, it wasn't that bad. I mean, I might be on an island here by myself. I'm sure I am. No, I don't know. I think I am because you're, you know, I'm the only one. She's never problem with that. So I mean, would I great food? But I mean, it's, well, I mean, it could be better. I mean, anything. How much was the chicken wrap? Oh, God. It was like, It's long and just did. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. I don't know. Like I said, my girlfriend took me out. She paid for everything. I'm sure she took out like $100. The parking and the ticket. And we got it down by you. And I mean, there's nothing that some 22 year old punk that doesn't have. Seed and ticket is not going to be able to have a voice and say, Hey, I like to go in, change the food. Yeah. But, you know, I mean, you guys, for you guys have all the tickets down there and all the money you're spending. I'd be really pissed about your career. I'm not spending a dime because the station gives me those tickets. You think seriously, I make you a lot of money. Okay, but there is no Chinaman's chance and hell that I would spend the kind of money that they're soaking for season tickets. I'd buy in all certain selected games you're in there. But I wouldn't buy season tickets to those prices. Understandable. Have to be nuts. Well, I guess I'm going to be one of the five people there in the arena. Because I'm only a student so I go to school and hopefully I'll be there and make it to the arena. Well, the standard and hold the door, I'll be the one racing in. Turn me on the guy follows too. Okay. Thank you, there. Thanks. Yeah, we love guy fathers. Are they a sponsor? No, but we love them anyway. So if it's something that's good, I'm more than delighted to share with a public. This guy, he's, you know, 22 year old guy. He says it wasn't that bad. But why doesn't have to be not that bad? Why can't it be good? America doesn't demand quality. That's what's wrong with you, guy. They demand people out there. You settle for any crop that they hand you. So what's it chicken rat? A chicken rat. Oh. It's wrapped in like a green. The food is green and then about 20 minutes after you, then you start turning the same shade of green. And in fact, that's what John had. That was a Demontrial game where we can have to go to. We've just before he had a pentacidus dream in the morning and it erased the hospital and it took his appendix out. I'm sure we're just a coincidence. You think so? Oh, yeah. I'm sure that all those stories they heard about food poisoning. I'm going to say, I'm trying to explain to you folks that if you want to pay a reasonable amount of money, you should expect to get some quality back and you don't. You don't. Leave it to America where the public has to get a goddamn course. Maybe there should be some kind of a high school or college course and instruction on demanding quality for your money. Instead of just sitting back and accepting the Schmidt all the time. Whatever Schmidt that they're willing to head out to you, whatever Swill. I guess of course they brainwashing this when you go to school. If you lunch at school and they put that swap on a plate, I mean crap. Just the worst, none nutritious foul tasting Schmidt in the history of mankind. And then you go off the college and of course everything they got is got 50 gallons of salt, Peter loaded in it from the milk to the soda to the steak, everything else that you'd stake to the meatloaf. That's why they give it a salt Peter because they want to assure that they can help you make your meatloaf. Come down a couple of notches. So you're conditioning slopp. And I'm not saying like I said before I want gourmet, I want something that's edible. And I want some choices in there. And I don't give a damn if I'm in it with 17,000 other people. And I'm the only damn person that feels this way. I don't give a crap. I'm not one of those people about to go along with a crowd that's willing to settle for 10th best. So Mr. Ferrillo, evidently you've made the public very happy there with that Swill. I'll show you your passion out. At ridiculous prices. They love it. We did a little experiment here today and as usual, I'm wrong. And the public is right. I'm out of step. Because I expect maybe something that might be edible like you get in the real restaurant. Or what a concept. Here's coconut grow. Hello. Coconut grow. Long gone. Mobile in forlaterdale. Hello. Yes sir. How are you now? Great. I used to have four students in tickets to the Macarena. Yeah. And for the exact same reason you're talking about. I now probably watch it on my own coach. I don't need that, sir. I don't mind paying for food if it's edible. But the stuff they have up there is just horrible. Okay. Thanks. Here's Jupiter. Hello. Jupiter. I knew how he'd do in the buddy. Okay. Yeah. I made a mistake of going to a hockey game on the way to. And I had a Philly Cheese steak and let me go. Oh god. That Philly Cheese steak makes head cheese taste like filetman. Yeah. It was disgusting. And I'll never eat there again. Okay. Thanks for the good news. See, there's another vote. It's totally, but surely we're getting a couple of people out of the world who had the same horrendous go test unacceptable experiences. How come how come you go to call her racetrack? I mean, I haven't been there in a long time, but I'm sure it's probably just as good because whoever the concession people are, they make sure that the food is quality. That it's good. You get a hot dog. It's a great hot dog. It's delicious. Not some green. We need that looks like Bob Prince are trying to get 30 years ago. I mean, making a good hot dog is this rocket science, making a cheeseburger that's edible. And then, of course, it's a peepy park you go there and you get a burger and they've got them in those foil rats. You know, that they cook up like 55 hours before 55 days before the game. You know what I'm talking about? Like a rubber. Yeah, they're like rubber. They're like the good year of company just brought them in. And they keep them under the heat lamps, you know. And so everything's like congealed in there. So you can only imagine once it gets inside your body. If you think it was congealed before you put it in pop it in your purse. Wow, you can just imagine talk about IBS, especially the Esport. IBS and all day long from Eaton that crap. Here's Delray Beach, Chillow. Delray Beach. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Then the hockey games three times, eight the food, the first two times. We didn't eat the food the third time for obvious reasons. Yeah. It was terrible. But my reason for calling is just got back from Vegas. First time went from my 25th anniversary at a great time. Left the large deposit. Yeah. And I've been listening to you for a number of years. And you've always talked well of Vegas. And we had the wife had these pre conceived ideas. Which she's going to see out there. And she's going to go by that. Well, you know, the city side. Oh, what's he decide? You mean that background name? There is. The bum on the, in the dead because I had on the Harold's 20 years ago. On the front page. Yes, true, true. And she loved the shots. She didn't realize that each large conceding. Oh yeah. Had shots. You bet. Did you get into the Paris? Well, we did. And she loved the Paris. And I liked the MGM. And she was going to spend more at the Paris at the shops. And we loved at the tables before I could yank her out there. You know, fast fast fast. Yeah, when in doubt you ain't your right. Oh, geez. In myself too. Okay. The last time I called you, you had to tell me I called you from Cleveland, Georgia. Well, because you were looked at the other stations. And you had to tell me the baseball score of the Atlanta break. And so I guess in about another seven to 10 years, I'll call you at the third time. Okay. Okay. I'll write down on my calendar. Thanks a lot. George will be here then. Or some ex-Jockel be here then. By the way, I hate to say this. My good buddy Charles Alfieri who's a big Panther fence. And comes to all the home games. He was there last night. Root and floor. Great. Shame on you, Charlie. And it's lovely why for saying to him, she was never given the raspberries. Nice going sweetheart. You're listening to the best of Neil Rogers on 5.60 WPAM, my Emmy board luttered it. You did a lot of business. I'm the CEO of Rogers on Sports Old Radio. WPAM. WPAM. Well I've never known a father. Because no God had had a big dream. No round dreams in the day. And the grassy share of these weak notes. The way of work of work, John and David. Now with the TV, the sharding in the Christmas go. With the dyes of the mask, I got the candle. The quick cherry yoke. The star, baby. The golden cherry cherry. The tree, the tree. It all dance on the moon. Geraldants, condol & without the trees. The bushes with Inhale, then they drown. We didn't seen that we could dance that way. The way that we saw something is there to dig, you threw them into the grave." The scene described that, our bow-jarosen aligned your record. There it has a lot of matter. So, All the babies, all the North Islanders and carriers, and the babies, and the South, and the babies, and the babies, and the babies, and the babies, and the children. The babies also bothering the kids we visited today. 100ed families will continue to help. I've got a win for now, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, Huh? Cover's up all those tell-tale erromas. Yeah, you can always tell a lot about the character of the person that's driving car by the kind of crap by the adornments. See, I don't have any adornments. I have no bumper stickers. I have nothing hanging from the rear view mirror. I don't have like a plastic Jesus or a little rainbow flag at a back. I don't have any crap. What about that virgin Mary statue that you got about that? It's not a statue, it's an air fresher. After all these years, you know, let's get a little stale inside, virgin Mary. It's a renewed, exactly. If you don't use it, you don't renew it. Look at this phone, baby. This is just, I just knocked me over with a feather duster. These people got nothing to say about anything today. Here's our last call, mobile and for a lot of day, hello. You know how you doing today? I'm doing okay, audiences again in the coma. Well, I've got a podcast on it, it's say number one, the foot of the arena. And you know what, if not for the prices being high, which you could live with because it's high everywhere you go. Yeah. The hot dog is cold. It's never cooked. The burgers, the fries are soggy. The pieces, not the foot though. I mean, you could just really go on and on the what's the sense. The only, no, no, no, no. But let me tell you what the sense is. And the list guy obviously was rattled over the fact that I ripped them an ass over there in a year. And he comes making way to point it coming to me and gives me his card to sell the tour for Rulo. And he wants to know, I mean, whether they're going to change your night. I don't know, but I think he's, everybody else. I think he deserved, well, he hears the opportunity today. He deserves to get an air full. That's my point. If it's a king, it doesn't come on the air. I'd love to tell him what I think. You know, if you just take a hold of you, you can, you can, you can say it's bottom dollar that he's listing right now. You can bet your life on three. Three hours for a bottle of water. I mean, it's 75 sets of the vending machine. They got to get three dollars, but thank, last night the game was phenomenal. It was great. Thank you, Neil. And God bless you. And I didn't spend one dime and spend a penny. Oh, on any concessions last night, and still had a great time. See, they just they break you down. They break down your resistance. They squeeze every drop of blood they can out of you. And then they, you know, like a bunch of jellyfish. Okay, okay, whatever you say here you go here. Here's just a bag of money. When you come into these, enjoy what you just had them over. Here's a bag of money. Take whatever you need. Let me just enough for gas money to get home. Here's a mobile in the gables. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What else, fast? Wow. Hey, listen, I want to dedicate this phone call to a coup de quinceau called your earlier. About his up for fast up professional. I'm professional. Negro, yes. Yeah. Listen, you answered him. You fear no man or certain man in this world. Well, let me let him know something if he's listening right now. If I'm an AT or a mature cock in the morning and a fambal walks up behind me. When you answered, you fear certain man. I fear no man because the nine more meter I have registered to my name. I love me and justifies me if that porch monkey wants to fix something in my face. I try to hold me up. If you saw you answered no, I would have answered no either. Are you thinking about that, huh? Okay. You got it. All right, bye. I'll see you in the porch. What? Now where did that term ever come from? Do dark people like to monkey around on the porch? Is that what that is? I mean, I know where a spear trucker came from. That's obvious. See that guy before that guy all been on the shape. I'm surprised we haven't had many calls about it. I'm glad this guy did all this. Obviously got a little bit of a Negro fold problem, but nevertheless. You know, I wish Alan Greenspan would just shut his mouth. And so yeah, get out of here. God. Well, how come this guy? They have to have, you know, their meetings all the time. Okay, they got to have their meetings to fit. But every time you turn around as they say in China, every month they can punish them. They got to have another hearing in before Congress. They had the PPI numbers came out this morning. Whatever the last stand for. What does that stand for? The producer price index for January. They expected they go up to 10 to the point. It went up zero big nine. These numbers zero. And the market started off. It was up 120 points. The NASDAQ was blind. And now the dollar down 64 and NASDAQs up still 50. But I'm not what it was before because this guy is. Bop. Bop. Oh, and it's like he smells inflation. And is that. Here we were. You look. He smells it. Whether it's there or not. I say they should put him in a on the guy damn porch and mucky around with his ass for while just keep a lot of these hearings. This guy damn green or green steam. Whatever his name is. Isn't that a bridge the green span? What am I getting worked up about? Don't you understand what this town is all about? Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. Was that not a great game last night? Yes sir. Wow man. People were there and it was like, I hope it's the same way on Saturday. Yeah. It was wonderful. For sensation. Funny story though. In my way I've burned in there's an unsung hero. Nice going there. My key for an old guy's 110 years old. He's playing great. Mike Vernon kept us in that game. Yes you did. Funny game. Funny thing about last night when I took my parents to the game went to the event. It went to get a hand burger for my mom. Yeah. And she walked up to the catcher. I don't think a hand burger medium rats. Oh. She got the hand burger. She learned that. She took the sandwich apart. And she went to the hand burger. And the pork that the pork with. I can't eat this. And she from back at the counter. And then we walked away. Alright. Excellent. Good mood. Anyway, don't forget. Don't forget hold the lettuce and the pickle because special orders do upset us. So whatever they say at there. Have a great day pal. You too. No you don't. Medium rear. Like they're going to like they're going to cook it there for you. No. What a sense of humor she's got. No, it's in a little foil thing and it's been you know sitting there under a lamp for 25 hours or whatever I mean that fully takes a cheese steak that that thing. I'm still a gagging over that I think thank God that I had all those tests and all those column and a colonial things I had a drink and you know, spew it out get out of my system Because if there was ever anything I ingested that I had a blow out that was it that fully cheese steak The steak parts standing is in mystic I know there's no point in rehashing it. What's the political and all the hash understand is damn good What is this testified wage increases must continue to rise the as labor market Pop up up up up shut him up already up there okay Somebody coming drag his ass away and put him in a cage until the next good meeting and then keep him in a cage piece of crap You're listening to the best of real rotters on five six feet Q a M Well, up to our long distance dedication and this one is about kids and pets and a situation that we can all understand Whether we have kids or pets or neither it's from a man in Cincinnati, Ohio and here's what he likes They're Casey this may seem to be a strange dedication request But I'm quite sincere and it'll need a lot if you play it We suddenly there was a death in our family. He was a little dog named Snuckles, but he was most certainly a part of us got started again I'm coming out of the record later record. Okay, please See when you come out of those up-tempo damn numbers man is impossible to make those transitions And then you got to go into somebody dying You know they do this to me all the time. I don't know what they how they do it for but damn it if we can't come out of a slow record I don't understand it is down on the phone Okay, I wanted Dan concerned it effort to come out of a record that isn't a peanut tempo record every time I do a damn death dedication Now make it and I also want to know what happened to the pictures I was supposed to see this week to say God last damn time I want somebody uses can brain to not come out of a damn record That is that's up-tempo and I gotta talk about a control guy Oh, this is the ponders man ponders and ponders liberating ou There will Desumbing The boys are both in a smoke, just think that girl They're like foil fish Try to make it crazy Try to resist to hurt me bad Just take your chance Try to say to crazy That's a pile of people, but you know you can't try to change me You're wasting your time They try to form an illusion That challenge you Use all the bad imagination Just see a problem on you You're looking, you're looking, you're looking They say to crazy That's a pile of people, but you know you can't change me I'm looking out, you're swimming, although You're looking, you're looking, you're looking, you're looking They just say to crazy That challenge you Unless you want to be an old bad guy Try to change me You're wasting your time Yes, you can try to change me But you're wasting your time We have an emergency update By the way, we'll be doing the Friday night WQA and Happy Hour Cafe Guana Starting this Friday It's all confirmed 560 border fries and drinks special The TV day is confirmed for free, 50% bad And badlice and get to know wedgers.com 272, the 263, we're not going to tell you who's winning Drives a Jackie's box, so there you go It's a green in the face It's radically heated night He was fencing his body He picked up all the hotels He contexts and a cell From a fire rain And took many in the dark He had some toughowa He evens dogs and eats The most racist of the extreme right rights Richard Cohen and Washington Post, he says normally in presidential primaries moderate candidates wind up getting pushed to the fringe by the positions taken by the opponents. George W. Bush though has done it all on his own, without John McCain taunting him to take harder positions, the Texas governor has moved so far right in South Carolina, he would think his core constituents are dead members of the Confederate Army. I'm not referring to the one Confederate flag issue on this one Bush and McCain are even. They both have no position and unless everything else has ever said about racial harmony is a lie, both are just ducking the issue. The flag is the bloody shirt of Jim Crowe and of the boys with too much beer. It's no longer the proud emblem of the lost cause. But Bush and McCain already even when it comes to Bob Jones University, this South Carolina school once restricted the whites on the basis of some cock-eyed religious belief continues to forbid interracial dating because among other things that's how God feels about the matter. It's where Bush chose to speak and on the issue of bigotry said that's absolutely nothing. It's not that McCain was about to speak. Their in Bush had to be to the punch. It's not that McCain had already mapped out a value-free position on racial bigotry. McCain had never been invited to the school, but if he had gone there, he said on to the in the South Carolina debate, he would have started by saying, look what you're doing in this ban on interracial dating is stupidity, idiotic, and it's incredibly cruel to many people. Bush felt otherwise. Bob Jones as he is so patiently explained is where the votes are. Never minded by appearing at the school he was offering the fact of a support of its policies and never minded either that the school still considers Catholicism and Mormonism to be cults. I like because I wanted to get out my message of compassionate conservatism he said on me to press. Only off campus did Bush say he disagreed with the school's policy. He said that his brother Florida Governor Jeb Bush had married a girl from Mexico, but the point he was making again is that he has no principles. He will not come in on the Confederate flag. He will speak to any group racial or religious bickets included and never confront them over their practices. He has no opinion absolutely none about whether a kid and Kansas would grow up in an unevolution. Bush's unique politician, most politicians stand for very little, he stands for nothing. But he doesn't stand alone, Bush has run the firehouse, velling GOP, nudied them, and look who's come down the pool. We get racial and ball frothing about McCain being adored by liberal Democrats and the Reverend Robert Pat Robertson taking time off from his studies of macroeconomics to wage holy war against the Arizona senator. My hats off to Bush, without really being pushed, he's moved himself to the extreme right all by himself. He's embraced the Kuku vote, the bitter enders who don't know that the civil war is over, and the South already has risen, not as a cause, a last but as a vath suburb. His recited is anti-abortion divorces and been adopted by racist and conspiracy theorists, the worst elements in the GOP. Here we come to the number of the matter, Bush like all the other candidates, Prattles on a good bit about leadership. Allen Keys had gifted on Tuesday to Bush's shown precious little of it at Bob Jones University. On the other hand, without much prodding, Bush raised to the extreme right all by himself, out there on that flank with Robertson and the guys from Bob Jones you. Maybe Bush thinks that's a form of leadership, he's wrong, he's merely keeping up with the Joneses. What a great column by Richard Cohen. He'll be here all the day from the Washington Post. Oh, so to the way. Okay. We'll put it on site. And let me say a wrote out of the top as a reminder, Gary Bauer yesterday endorsed John McCain. And like I told you, John McCain is every bit as in crack, as we're voting reckoned to Senate far more conservative than George Bush ever dreams of being far more right wing. So that's what you got offered up there by the Republican Party as usual right wing extremism, not one, not two but three of them this time. Even a dark and plucking one for those of you folks who are professional, Negro fobes are having at the same goes. Negro fobes? On Negro files. Here's a mobile and competent. I've actually had your Hoover head a few of those some Negro files. Probably on Martin Luther. Here's a mobile and competent. Hello. Gone? Okay. Nice talking to you. We've had lots of that today. Haven't we? Here's a mobile and four miles. Hello. Mobile and four miles. Hello. Yes. Are there something with this phone? I haven't picked up one call yet today. Well, I do it just like I do every other day and it takes like 15 different times. But anyway, how are you doing sir? I'm doing great. Neil, I call it comment. I call the comment on the I guess he called this up a Negro earlier. Here's one of the things that can help him solve some of his emotional problems. Okay. One, I have a black man, do not accept the responsibility of what other black people do. Okay. What we should be is a poll at some of the activities and actions that go inside our race or say a culture. Okay. It is not accepted to be a rapist or a song or a C. That is unacceptable. Not because you're black, but because you are a person. You do know harm just as you say and then you don't have to worry about the stereotype that come off. One of the things you see is a lot of negative activities that go on. Whether they're overemphasized or not, they're still our reality and there is nothing that is wrong with somebody stating the obvious, which is what you do Neil and I's wholly agree with that activity. Okay. That guy is a, he seems to be extremely intelligent, but he's a moron. How can I? How can I? Okay. He's an underage intelligent because he can speak, but he's a moron because he ain't learning up. There you go. Okay. You have a great day Neil and keep up the good work, Amy. If a state just say that's what it is. We call it a rebocal on a spade of spray. Have a great day. Okay. My dark and plated print. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? All right. We actually the first, first time that time. How are you? Hey, uh, gotta say, uh, how come they couldn't give Mike Verde in the number one star, you said? I thought that was terrible. They gave it to. They gave it to Ray Shepherd. Well, that's where Ray had a great game, but I mean, yeah, but there's been a bit of content. Not that, not that I care a lot about those things, but there's no question Ray, I'm Mike Verde and kept their pants in the game. Yeah, burning got the third star. They gave the second to Warl. Oh, my God, it's like a sickness again. It's like a disease. I just think of what was that. He played a better game than Mike Verde. Now, who's the day? Where has this come from? I think I think it's a writer of some sort. I don't know if it's a son sent to know the hell. I have no idea, but it's something a writer. That's why I don't pay too much attention to those because whoever picks in these mental help. Yeah, but I'm afraid it was the star of the game period. No question about it. I will say one thing, the food is absolutely horrible there. Yeah. Last night there was something more horrible than the food and that was the officiating. I thought that was where that was some of the worst I've ever seen in my life. And the age, oh, should be ashamed because that game was on ESPN 2 by nationally televised and these fans all over the country are watching a game being rift by two more on. To end Dave Jackson, one of the all-time worst one of his worst performances ever absolutely unacceptable and believable. I know. All right. You have a great day. And if I see you say I know, buy a Ph. E. Cheese. Okay, no thanks. All right. Here's a mobile and west pond beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yes. I've been my mention this yet. I hope not that I'll agree done, but didn't wits you the same guy. I've been ready to rent a whole column about that. Why did I just try to sit in the bottom of the house building the near in the TV guide? Okay. I'm sorry. I didn't know I'd rent a whole column about that. I never had one response to what of course, but yeah, exactly correct. I mean, but they blew that out of the way within two weeks later that was all gone and done and we paid to these last off and the guy was an idiot. I don't know why they can't force any of my film motion tickets in the TV guide page 56 and it says exactly what the you're saying. John Rocker, where do you like get the free pass? But John Rocker, maybe because he's white the NAACP is also a kind of about. There you go. I'll be able to look at it. Thanks, standard. Okay. Thank you. Double standard. Black people can be preded to preded to, but white people if they say something right away, let's get inspired. They're bad people or evil. They got horns, etc. and so on. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's four Latterdale. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Come, buddy. Hello. Yeah, I'm listening. Why do you where the Republicans make out that make me came out to be a liberal, but you're saying that he's a staunch conservative. Who said the Republicans said he's a liberal whoever said that? I think the liberal, but they're saying he's not a real conservative. Well, because he's not their man. I don't know. Pat Robertson figures that it came manipulate him as much as they can manipulate Bush. I have no idea. But his voting record in the Senate is 100%. I mean, right wing is far as he can go. He's going to get a member. He's from Arizona. What is a lot of right wingers are you got to play to the Republican constituency. So in other words, that's an excuse. That's what you're saying. I think he's that's politics Neil. You come up. Is this on other words like New Gingrich was from Georgia, so that made it okay or Bob Boris from Georgia. I made it okay, but that's who loaded them in. You're certain, sir. What you're saying. We're not having a conversation. What you're trying to do is rationalize the fact you like McCain. If you like McCain, more power to you. I'm just telling you, he's a right wing extremist. That's what I'm afraid of the Gore. That's up. That's your opinion. Gore is a pussy. Okay. You ought to know. I love the way these people try to manipulate me. Oh, well, yes, to do that because that's in a state and that's why he voted against half of Martin Luther Cune Day until it became politically unacceptable. And that's why he's against the wounds right to choose. And every other guy aired the whole agenda right on the list. He's right there. And he's got a voting record in the Senate to bear right out of as opposed to George W. Who's just to Governor of a Southern state with a lot of people on death row. One, two, three, I made it through college in average this week. I have a lot of money, but not much of a brain. Like most of you voters, who were just as late, but I could say one thing that you've taken. Not that he is the next president. I got money. Power. It's up to the news. I can do everything that you. A little bit of cash is all I need is out of time and ego and my grade when it's related to Martin Luther Cune. It's all I use. I got an vote for more obviously. I do. That's good. They put in the last. This is the first thing I let them have. This is the member to vote for George Bush and those of you who don't, you can kiss my choice. You see what matters to me about the presidency. Is that a make for that conversation stage? I'm the king of denial too. I have no problem. Life is a huge. So why is it so important for you to know whether or not I did blow a little bit of cocaine of my nose, a little bit of juice, a little blow. When I'm elected I'll put a little off of that. When I put up the college in straight time. George was thanks to the best of Neil Roger on 5.62 AM. That's a badly-reserved hilarious new board game that will have you alive until you're full. The last movie. The game. That's no goal. It's all for the game until the game is full. The last movie. Roll the dice and move ahead. Grace, they said, you did creamed car. No. But what's wrong? When? Oh, you should have like a lot from me bad. Ha ha ha ha ha. The last movie. Matthew, you're calling her. It'll send your home with her she's called. Call me. Oh, I'm listening. Who's it, Bradley? Alright. I really appreciate hearing from that young punk team. A king guy. That's at least the third time he's called already. Last few weeks with the same. If you like John McCain, more power to you. Maybe somebody can fill out that damn motorway just raising thing for you. And you get rid of his next move. Oh, I doubt it. See, that's always a good political dialogue. When you come back, we're well, and going's a pussy. That's good. I haven't checked this anatomy lately, but nevertheless, it doesn't hold too much your political water with me. God. So Miguel is not out there at the curie in pain. I just mentioned that. Now, he, I guess Miguel won't be going on those van things during the show anymore. Other day, parts he might go. But during this show, he won't go out there because every time I mention Miguel is out there in a van with an effu, then all those fangs who listen to his show go out. You know, all those guys lighten the loafers and try to hit on four Miguel who is not interested. Just because he's killed with his that mean he's interested. Oh, no. Well, not this week. He's taken a week off. That's not why it doesn't want to go out there during the show. Because he wants to take close to you. Sounds good to me. Hey, listen, it's lunchtime. I can always cancel with mom. And for that, I would. Here's a wait a minute. My other wrong line to bed. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. What is that? Some jackass. Here's four Myers. Hello. Four Myers. Yeah. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Pleasure to meet you. Yes, it is. Crazy day. Hey, listen, um, I grew up with a very prejudice mom. Very non prejudice father. Basically stereotyped. There's a lot of realism. And these black people need to understand that. Black people. These are he's yeah. He's whatever. They got to understand that he'll neighbor that I grew up on the the west side of Buffalo and then moved out to Hamburg. Oh, all right. Buffalo raceway, baby. How are you talking? And you can't even go back to my neighborhood. Right. I mean, they run it sports. They're moving in. They're running it. It's an obvious thing. What do you mean they're moving in? Well, I mean 80% of some sports. Not in the NBA. But it means they're moving in. They've taken over the NBA and dark folks. Yeah. And I have to see the NFL. Yeah. So, you know, but as far as me really face pop, closing, suppose when you go to a nice restaurant, yeah, um, they give you nice food. Basically these people go home and open up a can of spaghetti. They'll eat that hot dog crap. Hey, I think news for I'd rather have a nice can of Franco Murphy who get a. Oh, seriously. I'd rather take Franco American spaghetti. Take a nice slices with cheese. Put some wax paper over it covered. He ended up in a microwave for like 95 seconds and make me a nice cheese spaghetti. It's not that that's great. But I'm telling you I'd rather have that than this slot that they're feeding the public at a ridiculous price at the macaroni and these other venues. Right. And you're right. They accepted. So they're going to give it to it and the profits are there. But I mean, I've never seen such a bunch of of weak, yellow belly, the weak need assholes in my life is these people. And then, you know, at the, well, do you call so much to go that part of the reason to call so much to go there is because the food is so over price and the top of all office and edit insult. It's a bunch of swell. Right. Do you think that too a lot has to do with it as far as the food down here? I mean, and you know, up in New York Chicago, all these places get pretty good food, you know, maybe they're just used to, you know, there's plenty of me. There's plenty of good restaurants here. The people that are thinking that this is good food must be people who have McDonald's. Yeah. And Neil, we used to go to Toronto all the time back in the 70s. What have you come from from Buffalo. Beautiful city. Yes, it is. A beautiful Canada. We go over to it. Remember shirts and beach? No. Beautiful. Anyway, Neil, you're the best. And there is a guy because I just got done talking to him. Okay. God bless you, sir. Oh God. I'll say a brahaforia. Let's say a brahaf or buffalo race. Wow. The late Max Robinson. Anybody remember Max Robinson? No. Here's coconut creek, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil God. All right. You get a Neil God. Listen, I was just, I listened to you every day and I tried to cool up whenever I have some sort of comment to make. Okay. Um, the terminal seven years just ran something about the sins of the father. Oh, yeah. Did you get a test? Look at that? No. Okay. A style of florida. Of course, a father that's a dad and a florida. My emiria accused of doing some rubbing his beads. You know what I'm saying? Oh, you mean that kind of a father like from the, with a dress on? Yes, sir. Oh my God. Just, uh, you get a chance and the guy who says, yeah. No, take them to church. I want him to take a look at it. He's a good day. Yeah. And to that guy who says no take the church. That's you. Okay. I think that's where he went to school. Okay. You never think I'll be the land if you. I think that's where the town. Just another isolated incident guarantee of that. Just not a woman's family. Just they're excited. Maybe you got to send them up there to Albany. You can join Denise for a little sex change and the patty bulger. 567.0560 Pot and then of course, maybe we could just send over some of those men's. They would have pepper and patty over at the queer channel. Here's four lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, I'm only going to say it once. Seven minutes and 16 seconds. And they're there. They're on there. And I said, here's four lauderdale. Yeah, hello. Oh, and hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm here. I just got blanked out on the, I remember say there's a lot of blanking out going on. Well, power line is a lot of lines here. I'm on power line. Anyway, yeah, I listen to you show all the time and I never call them, but I see it when we call them because I have something that I think would be good for you to interject into your show. I don't know if you've ever been at a supermarket and you know, you're walking into a supermarket and there's somebody running for office there and he's handing you a handful of money. No, I should know if you're in. Well, they do that a lot up in New York. But you know, if you really want to let we know live in New York and live in the neighborhood. They do it in Florida too. He has seen it done. Never heard of them all because they didn't fall low to the other stand outside and they hand out out of white clothes for them. Anyway, make a long story short. Being a white little class male of European. I just said to the gentleman on the floor, you know, I didn't, I need to guys send them that way. I just said to me, you know, not anything I know what you're going to do for everybody else. What are you going to do for me as a white middle class male in this country? You know, he didn't, he was like, stunned. He didn't know what to answer me. I said, you know, I've heard about all the other people that are going to be helped in America and I didn't listen to it for 52 years. I'm 52 years old. I've been paying my taxes. I've never been on a social program and you know, I'd like to know when, when we get anything from when are we getting some affirmative action? Yes. No, no, just anything. What are you going to do for me? I gave. So, you used to have a, on my dorm, my house, when I was in the cities, but I gave, you know, when they, when you give to charities and stuff. Well, I gave it for 52 years. When, when is this kind of stop? You know, everybody bitches about white attacks. Well, what, what do you want? What is you want them to do for you? Well, everybody bitches in this country about white attacks. It's so high. Yeah. Anybody stop the real life that most of the politicians are buying your vote right now with, with your money. You know, what they do is promise all the times they can hire these that come here that they're going to give them everything. But they don't tell you who's going to pay for you know, who's paying for it. The episodes that go to work like I do every day. Yeah. And the way to want to pay in the freight and if we add to anything, oh, we're, well, what do you want? What are you asking for sir? What do you like him to do? Some of my, some of my rights, some of my rights back, you know, like what? You know, well, if my kid goes for school, I'd think he has the right to sing the Christmas Carol on school, you know. Of course he knows. He does not. No, he does not. He does never want to be a Christmas. You're all of course not. In a public school? No. No. In other words, we just keep a road and roll out right to away. Sir, he never, he never had the right to sing a religious song in a public school. And go back to New York, okay? This town is dying from people like you. You can smell it a million miles away. Boy, his kids write the singer Christmas Carol. Let's your kids sing a Christmas Carol at home, okay? On the goddamn public bus, where have it really wants to say? Not in God damn public school. Keep your religious nonsense out of everybody else's schools, okay? Sir, stop eroding that man's rights. Okay. What a shmuck. Tip with that New York sign. Is that just, oh, God, makes me think a jury sign filled and a manny. You're listening to the best of real Roger on 560 QAF. Crystal Sack in the Kirk. In the 50s Robert Young, they teach the last and father knows best. Now, this great series is back, starring a few Catholic priests who like it young, in the return of father knows best. Steffin to the confession of relief. I don't know, Father. This makes the 47th time I've been in there. This way. Oh, Billy, you want to be a good Catholic don't you? Yeah, but does everybody get a spanking? Father knows best. It's the Vatican's best kept secret and you've got a private seat for all the fun just enter the rectory from the rear. Hi, Billy, boy. Each time for your flute lesson. But Father, your flute has only one role and it doesn't make any noise. Oh, it's way, Billy. He's there! Father knows best. What's you seeing this new sitcom? You'll wonder why you've never heard about it. Isn't this Redo Shetheshan? He's here. Father knows best. Going to church, but not seeing very entertaining. But they're really it's something funny going on here. So here's a thanks from Robert. And I'm no confused about this because it says movie sporting events, concerts, air shows at all. Usually event is no longer than three hours. What is the person I think within that time frame? People go to work at 80, and go to lunch 11.30 to one and 10, really doing it down the job. No more today, it says. So Robert's also giving instructions on what I should be talking about. I'm not going to pay attention to Robert's oil now, but nevertheless. So what you don't understand, like I'm trying to explain is that on week nights when people go to sporting events, the people who work for living, which is not a win-to-man, but sometimes the woman sometimes is a motorboat for the above. And they go away from work because these events start at 7.30 in evening, most of them. And as a result, people go to, you know, depending on what time they get out of work and go through rush hour traffic and communicating and doing all the crap that most people do, they don't have time to sit around to go to the table and start to find what they're going to begin. On a weekend different story. Usually. And so when you're going to be in a place from say 7 or clock in evening, 10.30, night at 3.5 hours, and you have an eight and since maybe one time, I think there are a lot of people in addition to which when you go to a baseball game, for example, that's part of the tradition of getting the great hot dog at a bar park. I go on a red wing stadium and I'll celebrate stadium and watchers to get in those great guy there, my people, hot. Any kind of event like that? Right. When you're used to win a high school football games and can't even do it with New York, right next to my house, one of the great things that have time over before the game or both was going to get in those great hot dogs in the White Hots to with the five onions. There were great. Now Kenya, but they're great, they're delicious. That's part of the fun of attending this kind of an event. What's wrong with that? Robert, are you some kind of a sports sports? Yeah, some kind of a white blanket? Some kind of a wall flower? Come on, Robert, you're with it. On time, I'm talking about the same way today. I want to post Robert off. You should have the option, okay? There should be the option when we're 10 in the event. Just like we're going to remove these. What's going to remove these for quite an hour? Robert, I'm getting some candy to roll with your guts out. Like some non-prolals, boy, I do love non-prolals. They never take all the little ones with the, or they're the way for ones. I don't know. You don't know what non-prolals are? I don't think of that. The little chocolates with the right little things are those little snil cats. There's no cats non-prolals, everyone know. Or how about neck or lafers? Those are good. Those are just right your teeth out while the movie is on. I like wooden buddies. Good and funny is not bad. And judo bees for all these. And boar! Yeah, judo bees. Look thugs. No dogs are great, just tear all I love milk dogs. That that's part of enjoying the 80 that I was going to say. Good movie. Even a bad movie. What's wrong with that? If the American F and White Robert and quite frankly, I'd rather buy something in a box than why eating a food at the McAureen and it out and up in a box. And at least when you buy a box in milk, you know it's going to be good, you know exactly what you're going to get in those quarters, still. Here's like with, hello. Like with, yes sir. Yeah, I had seasoned tickets for the ranges in the mid 80s and the food and Madison Square Garden. A was expensive. Two was a bunch of shrimp. Yeah. So a lot of these aren't as nails, not just down here. Why is there? Why doesn't have to be that way? It shouldn't be that way, but they have them to you ahead. And what I used to do at Madison Square Garden was I'd bring a sandwich in. I would tell him I'm a diabetic. You're a good, well I'm a diabetic, is that going to work for me? Um, I think that if you're a diabetic, I think you have a good opportunity to get by with that. Yeah. You know, because, you know, you said, I have a special, uh, food I have to eat and they can't, uh, I don't know, I think you can't, they can't keep me from bringing it in. I think you might have a right to bring it in at that point. Either that or just follow a massive lawsuit. I'm dying on the air. Yeah. And you know, can I call somebody a douche predict? Sure. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 8, he's got a nice year. What a few kosher. Oh, yeah. How come we don't have like nice kosher or a weanies there? They wrote this guy's name again. Oh, that's right. This guy's a, uh, greaser. No sister, this guy's like, what? This, uh, a Salvador for Rulo. And somebody wrote a team. Oh, about kosher. The blue and hot does it. Yeah. I think there's a guy named Salvador and their pass-in-off Boston concessions is passing off as pizza that direct that they're peddling up there. You know something even chef boy R. D is washing and he's been dead for like 20 years. He's washing sale for much your pass-in-off as pizza. Man, all man alive. Even our good or your good old buddy would have like a slight of pizza. How's he doing by the way? Really? I mean, not like this. Like this is rocket science. This is controversial. That when you spend your money, you should expect to get a good product and return. But because you happen to be spending it in a certain place, therefore you're expecting to get crap. What was the logic in that? It's talked about being conditioned and brainwashed and manipulated like a bunch of pusses that we are. There's no backbone in America, baby. God forbid that we ever wind up in a war again because there's no backbone in this country today. Let me turn it that right now. Here's a mobile and pop-in-o. Hello. I must just maybe like the fuck with islands like the British do. Mobile and pop-in-o. Hello. Hey, how you doing Neil? Okay, sir. Well, I don't eat it through the arena. I go with one of the restaurants at the Sorgra. As a dog rashes, great at the oasis. Well, there's another restaurant and then the mall there that if you show me your ticket, the ticket is the finish off your meal. Really? And then you give your free ride to the arena and back, you got the pay the $10. Well, restaurant is in. Really? Yeah. That's a good joint. Yeah, I see you good food. You get a free ride there and back. You got the pay the parking. Well, there's somebody ought to be no longer glad you told us about that. Well, I shouldn't tell you because now it's going to be a big long line. I'm sad. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. It's holis. Thanks for what good news. Thanks. See, there you go. There's more ways to slice the Hall of Ob and just one way. You got to leave you a little bit creative like this guy. And I'm glad that he did tell us that because now maybe more people will be going over to Ruby Tuesdays. And by the way, the, uh, I never realized that before the John pointed out the last night, the gravity of the game that right the Oasis there is like right over the Ascent, you can drive right, uh, you know, on a sand right later, they could throw a rock from there to the arena. And maybe you'll hit y'all in the process. Here's Miami. Hello. Or maybe my girlfriend Randy Moller and tell me there's only one Mike Lang. Here's Miami. Hello. Whoa. Yes, sir. Neil, good afternoon. Thank you for taking my call. Thank you for making your movement. I'm calling about a comment that you made on Monday. Uh, I'm just a first time. I'm just a good one. One Monday. I don't think I made any on this probably an old tape because Monday we played the best stuff because they were doing the wallpaper and the place was 110 degrees. Oh, I'm talking. We couldn't have a live show when I was still on vacation. But anyway, okay. You were a comment on Monday. I'm hoping that I got it right. You were talking about how religion, uh, breached and uh, promote. And so I'll make a run. Yes. Okay. So I guess I got a correct. And I, I, I started me and I thought I wanted for a while. And, uh, you know, my pasture, the sun to be full, just known, I mentioned something very similar to what you said. So when I heard you make that comment and then you really think and I think, you know, it's really unfortunate that the roaches people in the church convey that kind of message to society. Um, and reality, you know, the message that God wanted to get people, well, that he did live on the ditch. Yeah. That's why every time you got pissed off, he was bringing them and the destroying them and telling to kill each other. I mean, how can you believe that nonsense about a loving God? Well, I believe it's loving God that drowned all the people in all the animals. I mean, well, what kind of ridiculous stories are these? You're talking about God is a loving God? That why he on the kept on leashing all these plagues and on people? Well, Leo, you know, I look at my kids and every time I look into my kids, I think God for them. And, you know, that that's a manner of speech. It doesn't mean anything. Well, I understand the reason why you finally made that comment on Monday is based on your experiences that you've had with people that have legislatively, who are not saying, he hadn't got any idea to do it experiences. It has to do with having a brain in using it. They're being just not brilliant, but just intelligent enough to see through all the polony and to appreciate nature and understand what life is really all about. Not some some ridiculous old man with a white hat sitting up on a throne somewhere. That's some fairy tale. That's where people are still living in a mental childhood. Well, I mean, you have to grow up someday, so you have to realize that nature is what it is and come to grips with the cold hard world. There's no God up there. That's the way you answer anybody's prayers. Well, I mean, I respect your opinion. And it's not an opinion to it's a fact. It's not an opinion. It's a fact. There was no such thing. It's a man created in it. It's an invention of man of delusionary, apparentoid people. You know, like I said, I respect your opinion. It's not an opinion. It's a fact. If you want, if you want to be an emotional cripple till the day they put you in a bucket, you know, seriously, you're entitled to do that. I don't think we'll do that right. But I think you feel much better about life if you could be a realist and you know bring your brain into the real world and stop talking about this imaginary God that doesn't exist. There's no such thing. Well, I want to get like I said, yeah, I appreciate you doing it and become on the air and comment about what you said on Monday. Okay, I'll pray for you. Thank you very much, God bless you. Okay. Okay. Well, what's you? Whether it was not sneezing. If it's just not complicated, I mean, I get to the point it exhaust me even ahead these discussions, because it's so painfully obvious that this is all man invented crap over and over and over and over again. I read a really interesting article. It was the only one by the way. There was a line of papers on the plane coming back to vacation in the Atlanta Constitution. When I saw the headline, I thought, ah, here we go with the one that's religious nuts. But the woman had a very good point. And she says instead of all these idiots trying to inject taking religion in the school, let's take comparative religion in school. I'm all for that. The only problem is the reason that doesn't usually happen is because the the fundamentalist or whatever religion it is. They know what their kids are supposed to be any other thought. The idea that there might be something else besides the stuff that they brainwashed them with. And by the way, isn't it interesting that all the people that are screaming about alienating brainwashed what he goes back to Cuba if that should happen? That he's in a Christian school right now being indoctrinated with all his hoax, porcus, and bullcraft Catholic school. Exactly. The worst. And of course being taught that anybody who doesn't believe the crap that he's being taught is going to burn in hell. That's not propaganda. Is it? Oh no, no, thank God for that. I hate having to be brainwashed over here. I mean, you know, this guy wants to, I'm delighted for this. Here I'm ahead and it was your bright guy. Nice talking to you. You seem like a real nice guy. But you just, you don't want to come to grips with the real world. That's okay. People who need a crutch, Linus needed a security blanket till the day they put Charles Shorts in the box and they probably put Linus's blanket in there with him too. Some people need that. I don't need it. I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. I don't want it. Why do you believe you said that? Why do you believe you? Why do you believe you? Why do you just look at it? It's yours. We have a little reason why we've been guys that kept you, because I'm a crazy kid. Why do you believe me? Why do you believe me? My religion has a strong religion. My religion has a strong religion. My religion has a strong religion. You're far from us. We can go to the Slatterfaited.com. My religion is better than yours. My religion has a strong religion. My religion has a strong religion. My religion has a strong religion. My religion has a strong religion. My religion has a strong religion. My religion has a strong religion. My religion has a strong religion. My religion has a strong religion. My religion has a strong religion. My religion has a strong religion. My religion has a strong religion. My religion has a strong religion. Why do you believe me? Why do you believe me? You're far from me. You're far from me. Is gay, not gay, is gay ... dancing. We openly think gay to po ... Thank you, Dad, before I can't have a fun holiday, time to run and nothing awaits us at the fence. That fence, I will. Come on, Daddy, Dad, don't say, because I'm gonna do this. Oops, I'd like to have a song about me. About the way our American Heart's feet laid down, bottom of our chest. But that special feeling we get in that hot spot. We'll go over to that. Maybe in the subcontinent area, maybe in the leather, maybe in the shoes, maybe even in the clothing. We don't look. The eye of the student right here will show with the regular job. I'm your average wife, Shiver of the night. I like the call for knowing what's about for. I got an average house. Where the nice heart would floor, my wife and my job. My kids and my car. I'll feed on my table. And I'll chew the food to go. But sometimes I'm just getting enough to keep a man like me. I don't know what I'm going to do. I don't know what I'm going to do. I don't know what I'm going to do. But it's so good. It's good. Well, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I try really, really. And the old stuff has played. While people just say, I think we are going in a fair. And I'm gonna do it. You're going to be a boy, you're going to be a boy. Come on up. You're going to be a boy, you're going to be a boy. You're going to be a boy. You're going to be a boy. You're going to be a boy. You're going to be a boy. You're going to be a boy. You're going to be a boy. You're going to be a boy. You're going to be a boy. You're going to be a boy. You're going to be a boy. You're going to be a boy. You're going to be a boy. You're going to be a boy. You're going to be a boy. You're going to be a boy. You're going to be a boy. You're going to be a boy. You're going to be a boy. You're going to be a boy. You're going to be a boy. You're going to be a boy. You're going to be a boy.