The Neal Roger show on 5.6.QAF to talk to Neil. All 5.6. Have it all 5.6. Glory and David Rower. All 5.6. The Honor Show. The opinions of Neil has guest and colors. You've not necessarily represented those of the Beesley, but that's great. Now advertisers are waiting to know. Now, here's Neil Roger on 5.6. Q-A-M. There's new cheese or light behind the car. Go down the block, the house, the dark glass. We are reaching. We were pushed in on. Because the sun is not the threat to engines. For a night, we're night life. When it says to be committed and night. All we give to light is on a door of daylight. You could sit down to all the bottom. Our Honor, the day is really such a borough. Ah, come and door of all you. All we give to light is on a door of daylight. A bench you could sit down to all the bottom. Our Honor, the day is really such a borough. Ah, come and door of all you. Hey! It's so hard for us to go shopping. We don't know where to hang the car happening. What is that date? Are we too late? You can normal tease and go. I said that! Now the Honor, what are we supposed to do? But you think it's easy to get guests when we only pay hold down? Oh, we get too light. It's on a door of an adventure. Because it's in the tall room. Our Honor, the day is really such a borough. Ah, come and door of all you. We get too light. It's on a door of daylight. A bench you could sit down to all the bottom. Our Honor, the day is really such a borough. Ah, it's on a door of all you. I know two or five, six, you'd be the QMS today. And I apologize for wasting the entire last half hour of the show. But see you then. There's usually a blue thing to have any idea what they were talking about. Oh, Florida Supreme Court announcement coming in any moment. And then finally, like a minute after two o'clock, they had some talking head broad on there. Well, they may be telling us about the briefs that were filed this morning. Does anybody care about what briefs they were? Oh, who gives a clap? As opposed to like somebody thought there was an announcement coming. And was there an announcement coming? Oh, no. Now, the Florida Supreme Court hearing is going to be going on starting any second. So I'm getting stuck into this again. Again this morning. But it is, I mean, supposed to be happening. And as usual, they're a dittler around. They're dickening around. And we will carry it this hour. It's supposed to only take an hour. And as a result, because especially since our sales department ain't telling you. I mean, why should the sales department be selling anything? It's only Christmas, Nānaka. It's only the holidays. Dursing our lamenting every year that we've been here. We talk about this is the only radio station in America that when it comes to the height of the shot holiday shopping season, the program log is empty. So that's a bonus for you people out there that get tired of hearing. Somebody got them commercials. Oh, yeah. It's good. The holidays are great. Not only you get to eat all that crap, but you don't have to have your all those commercials on the radio. So we've been able to jug a vlog a little bit. Yeah. And when we look back, I got a great article at somebody's facts. And I thank you for a few years from today's New York Times by Bob Herbert. It's titled, In America, Keep them Out. About the state of Florida. And about this choice point organization that came up with this list of 173 names incorrectly. Just thousands of them incorrect. But don't confuse them with the facts. The names that were purged from the hodowels because the essence of the whole deal is keep those shparks from voting anywhere you can. And if Florida, they're real good job of that. Not that you can prove it now, but it's a great article I will read it. Also, I'll spend probably an hour in the rip in the Panther organization. Let me just say this. We got Mike Rooster in a Sun Sentinel. We got David J. Neal in the Harold. Between the two of them or here come the judges. Between the two of them is hopeless. Because obviously they've been sufficiently intimidated by the organization that they just really won't tell it like it is. That performance last night at the Mac Arena, they should have been refunds after the game. And why they could expect anyone to spend that kind of money to go see that performance. They gotta be out of their minds and guess what the people are rising up. They're not showing up. Good morning and welcome once again to the Florida Spring course. Thank you. Thank you for the room where we all have our arguments this morning. In the case of Gore versus Harris. What a great talk. And as an introduction, as we did when we had our argument in this court, approximately 10 days ago. This is the last way. He's no violation of the mirror. We welcome the visitor here because of the limitations on time is absolutely necessary that we maintain order in the court at all. Right. And we ask further that at the end of the argument that Council will be allowed to go to the court. We allow to leave the building together with their parties prior to the time that any of the visitors leave the building and then hold all interviews outside the building. Once again, Council, we are in the big question. One of the time, it'll get light to the issues at hand. And so, believe what numbers MSNBC there it is. We're going to proceed first. I'm going to go down. He and then, not me. Please, the court, my name is David Boyz. And I represent the Vice President and Senator Lieberman. Mr. Boyz, let me start right off. You know, when the case was here previously in the protest, part of the proceeding, no Council for any party in briefs or in argument to raise with this court, the US Supreme Court case of the first inverses blanker. The same meaning, because Council did not believe that it was important for our consideration. However, that case was, fortunately, argued to the US Supreme Court, and the US Supreme Court has now called that case to this court's attention in the opinion that came out this Monday. And now, once again, no Council has argued that pace to this court, but I want to know from each council, it's important to hear. My reading of that case is that the US Supreme Court has said that the state legislature has plenary power, full power, in respect to appointment of presidential electors. And that power cannot be eroded even by the state constitution. Now, accepting that is controlling law. Why does that not mean that the courts of this state can only be involved in resolving controversies and contests where the legislature explicit. Give this court that power or a court that power, which it has not done in respect to presidential electors in 102.168. And secondly, even if 102.168 is read to implicitly apply to presidential electors. Why is it not judicial review given to the circuit court? And not this, since the only means by which there is a right to appell it review in Florida is through the state constitution. Would you please address that? And I would like the other council to address that. Yes, Your Honor. First, with respect to whether the appropriate forum is the District Court of Appeal or is this court. The District Court of Appeal has of course certified this issue as a matter of great public importance and a issue that needs immediate attention. I understand that your sticks of my question is, the pellet reviews, without is not expressly given in 168. We would say, Your Honor, the under 168. This court has the power to review both directly because it has been certified up. And under this court's manned aim of power, which we've also alternatively put forward in our brief. Where is it, where do we get our right to review the pellet review from the rules and from the constitution? And does that create a federal question? I don't think so, Your Honor, because what you're doing is you're reviewing and reviewing an ordinary judicial interpretation way, the statutes of this state. That is, I don't think the constitution of the United States in any way means that the legislature has to sit both as a legislative body and a judicial body just because an election of presidential electors is involved. But why isn't this like so-or-demunity where the courts only have such power to resolve disputes and claims that is expressly given to it by a legislature? Where if the legislature in this state says, Gorge or not decide claims in excess of $100,000, that was a matter of their take into the legislature and claims bill. Well, hasn't this enough of this to that? Because what I would respectfully suggest, Your Honor, is that the legislature has provided this court with the authority to interpret these laws. Whenever the legislature passes a law, what the legislature is doing is passing a law that is known to be going to be interpreted by the courts. That is, in terms of section 168, this is a law that the legislature did not say, we are only going to apply this law to non-presidential elections. Prior to this case, I don't think anyone would have contemplated that this law did not apply to presidential elections, and certainly no one, not this court and not either party, so contemplated the last time we were here before the court. This is a situation in which you have a statute that the legislature has passed that provides very specific remedies. And we think that those remedies are the remedies this court has the jurisdiction to enforce both in terms of a pellet review and under its original manned aim of the authority. This is not a situation in which the Constitution of the United States has said a state legislature has to sit as a judicial body in enforcing the laws or the spectral elections. It is merely said that the legislature can specify the manner of appointment of the electors. Incidentally, the manner of appointment, not the time of appointment, the time of appointment, is something that is reserved for Congress. And we would suggest that Congress has set that time and that time is no time for sub. So you agree that when the United States Supreme Court is said that there is plenary power in the appointment of electors in the state legislature. That that means that they've got full power. Well, you're on our high think they have the plenary power to determine the manner of the selection. I don't think they've got the plenary power to determine the time choosing because that under the United States Constitution is reserved for Congress of the United States. And the Congress of the United States is selected the time of choosing which was November 7th. So I think there is a distinction between the time that the electors have to be chosen in the manner that they've been chosen. The legislature of this state, of course, selected the manner in which electors were to be chosen. And that manner was by direct election by the people. And pursuant to that decision by the state legislature and the decision by the Congress of the United States that the time of that selection must be November 7th. There was an election on November 7th. And we think that is the issue that is before the court now, which is a contest of that election, where we have identified separately five groups of ballots that we believe either should have been received and were not or in one case where we see you can should not have been under specific Florida state law. If we accept this your jurisdictional position, we get across the jurisdictional issue. The concept of rejection of legal votes is somewhat concerning. And we can look to other states, New Jersey as a similar although not identical. And the application becomes pretty clear when individuals are prohibited from tending a ballot. However, becomes less certain when there is something with regard to how that ballot is read. Here you are challenging it seems a category of under votes. And that is not the same as one person coming to the creasing seeking to vote. If a category exists it seems as though it must exist they wide. If we have under votes in one location and those are considered then you have demonstrated that there is legal votes that have not been counted. Why would that not exist in other counties and why would this not require if any judicial relief that be applied in a statewide under vote? I think there are two questions there let me try to address them separately. The first question is whether a rejection of legal votes applies to the under vote category or whether it only applies when somebody comes to vote and is turned away. I think going back to 1917 in Darby again state this court has looked at the rejection of legal votes category as meaning where somebody has come submitted a ballot. But for some reason that ballot has not been counted. In the early days it was often that the catch was on the wrong side of the paper or underneath it. Which has this court held that that was a rejection of a legal vote where the intent of the voter could be made clear. Jumping from the early days to the most recent case, which is the best from case, in that case, the court looked at ballots that these were optical ballots, not punch card ballots, but they were optical ballots that had been effectively marked. That is, they had not been used in number two pencil digs and circled or filled in a name. But in some way, they had been effectively marked so they could not be machine read. And this court held that those ballots could not be rejected. So I think that in terms of what constitutes a rejection of legal votes under one signature. Mr. President, I'm just starting. But why does that not have state-wide application? There are, I think, that it does have state-wide application if anybody contests ballots, other than in the particular categories that we have contested. Judge Sols, in his order, referred to the opinion of the Attorney General that indicated that if this type of result happened, that there would be serious or potential federal and state constitutional questions, and that the vote would be injected. I think that there are two points to that. First, if merely having a manual recount in some areas and not in others would make the election effective, then this election would already be effective. Because there were manual recounts in a number of counties that were included in the certified results of the Secretary of State. Second, with respect to the Attorney General's opinion, I think that opinion was pointed to the point that if a manual recount was requested and received in one place and requested and not received pursuant to state law in another case, that would involve a disparity. I don't think that opinion addresses the situation where you have a request in certain counties, but no request in other counties. There's never been a suggestion under the state law that you should have a recount where it was not requested. Mr. Boyz, the 168 in its present form has only been there since 1999. Now, this court said in 1981 that there's no common law to contest votes, that judicial restraint should be exercised because of the fact that elections are political questions. We said in board right before that we would get involved. Courts would get involved if there were allegations of fraud. Now, we'd lower that threshold somewhat in bextra by saying that we would get involved. Courts would get involved if there was substantial non-compliance with election laws. But that's what you're asking, this court to do is to have the courts this state get involved in any instance in which someone comes in and merely alleges that there needs to be a count because there were legal votes left out. Now, I've gone through the noticing boards, but legal votes left out. And then that would have to do an election. Someone would say they left, they lost 130,000 votes in date county. And we'd have to pay the court count those votes. You know, I don't think that's what we're arguing. This is not a situation in which somebody has simply come in and said, we've lost, we'd like to have a recount under the contest that you'd have to do that. This is a situation in which we have identified specific votes. Many of which were agreed by the district court were votes in which you could clearly discern the voters in temp. You had 215 ballots that are non-included in certified results in Palm Beach County, where the circuit court found on undisputed evidence that there was a clear voter intent expressed on those ballots and they were not counted. You got 168 ballots in date county that were counted before that county prematurely stopped his count. We had a circuit court found that these were ballots that expressed the voters in temp. The advocacy board had properly identified those ballots. So these are ballots where we know that if you look at the under votes, you find ballots that can clearly have a discernible intent of the voter found from them. And yet they're not counted. This is a situation in which the evidence is clear and undisputed that there are voter errors and machine errors that create this under vote in punch card equipment. In fact, the court found district court, the trial court found at age 10 of the opinion that this was and had been known to county officials for many years. So this is not a situation in which you simply have somebody coming in and saying there's a we lost and want to have another chance at it. What do you contend in as the standard that you have that we have to apply to this in order to get a recount. There are two issues here. One is whether or not you demonstrate that you were entitled to a recount of those 9,000 votes. The other issue is whether or not you would actually win the concert, which I think are two different issues. So what is the standard to apply to the first one? That is, are you entitled to a recount? And what did you demonstrate to the trial court that you contend to us demonstrate that entitlement? We demonstrated first that there were a large number of ballots that were not counted by the punch card machines. We demonstrated second that when you have a very close election, you have to have a manual review of those ballots in order to have an accurate ballot. That was not just our expert. Mr. Aiman, who testified that you had to have a manual recount in a close election. So why wouldn't that apply to all the other counties, at least the punch card counties, where there are under votes and those votes also haven't been counted. If we're looking for accuracy, which is what has been the statement from day one and why haven't, why isn't the request made? And why wouldn't it be proper for any court if there are an order, any relief, to count the under votes in all of the counties, where a very least punch card systems were operating. In other words, there's something different about dayd, froward, and pombiech, and they're used to the punch cards in the 17 other counties that also use punch cards. I think the first difference is that that's where ballots were contested. That's where first a manual recount was requested, and that's where ballots were contested. And throughout the interpretation, not only is the court version of 168, but prior versions of the contest statute, this and other courts have looked not at the entire type of ballot that may have been involved, but only those ballots were actually contested by a person. I've never had a statewide contest happening in this state. Well, I'm actually back in 1916, and the Google editorial race through was an attempt to bring a contest by my Davis to this court. But in the modern year, I think the court is right, you have not had a statewide contest, but the so are you saying? Make a distinction. It's very connection then between the protests, these are the, you can test that these ballots through the original protest. So do you have to have done that in order to bring a contest? A party could not bring a contest without having gone under section 166 previously? No, I think your honor, a party could have brought a contest without having gone the 166 route. But not of the ballot. No, I think you could contest the ballot. Even if you had not protested the ballots, I think 168 and 166 are alternative remedies, and I think this court sold held the last time we were before. That those were alternative remedies, and I don't think 166 protests would be a condition. However, we did both. Where there has been a protest. Isn't one, 168 and 166 aren't in an extrictively linked? I mean, what we've got. Can we have to do a commercial break? You're listening to oral arguments and further Florida Supreme Court and the girls appeal. They want to count today on votes, damn it. 23 after 10 at 5.60 QAM. This is 5.60 QAM. No force has a program made to receive it. It has the Express written commission. WTAM, B.C. and Godfax Group Incorporated. It's at first with a standard 168, which has four places in doubt. And is inconsistent with the way of trial goals, which is that you look at the evidence before you reach that. You hear in your bell time, but just as harding as one question. I'm going to come to a minute looking at the ballots. I know they were introduced into evidence before the trial judge. And I probably asked this question as, and I was going to say, oh, but it's a former trial judge. Did anyone have a pickup? One of the ballots. And hold it up and show it to the judge and say, this is an example of a ballot, which was rejected, but which is reflected. I'm not a particular ballot, Your Honor. We offered the groupings of ballots that we had segregated. All of those, of course, in order to prevent contamination were not given to the lawyers. They were kept under the control of the clerk of the court. And nobody has the court of a commission to do that, or showed in one of those. Not an individual one, although we did tender them. And evidence, and we did ask him, repeatedly, to look at the ballot as far as the off the board. You're deeply in your rubuttle term as a witness. I'm sorry. Is that all? Yes. You're out of my commission. You're out of my commission. You're out of my commission. Oh, these people. Thank you. Thank you. You're out of my commission. Let's get rid of this. Let's get rid of this. Yes, please, the court. Here we go. Very rich here. I've got to have a lawyer. Choice, I'll be bush and Richard Channing. Mr. Bupvis, here at Rich, let me start with my question. I asked Mr. Boys when this case was here before. Council for Miss. I just back now. Present. Any argument on a person versus blacker. I yet when it got to the Supreme Court. Council for Mr. Bush. Of course we argue. The person versus blacker. Now I know. I know that it's not. It's not. Are you the again here? Is it. Position of Mr. Bush. That case does not have any bearing on this matter. Well, you're on. I think that the case has substantial bearing on the matter. I think that what the person the blacker tells us is exactly as your honor suggested it, which is that this court does not have the ability to this particular case involving presidential electors to disregard the statutory scheme and fashion a remedy based upon extraordinary, equitable powers of the court said for us in the Constitution. Who we have the right to review the action of the circuit court? Indeed, you do your honor, but we come here in a significantly different posture than we did before. What we come here with now is be lied by the nature of the litigants of the public interest. In fact, this is nothing more than a garden variety of appeal from a final judgment by a lower court that reviewed after an entire full evidentiary hearing. But the legislature having plenary power said that the circuit court will make that determination. Well, I agree with your honor, and I would not suggest that this court that the circuit court is not subject to any appeal. I believe that the circuit court is subject to appeal, but in a very limited fashion. And I also think that one reason that we have not placed emphasis upon the person versus blacker is because in fact this court said the same thing in an earlier McPherson case, which just as well referred to McPherson versus Flint, in which this court said, since there is no common law rights to contest elections, any statutory grant must necessarily be destroyed to court grant only such rights as are explicitly set out by the legislature. The legislature in section 168 has given us five and only five grounds for an election contest. And one of them is not that there is a close election in which automatic machines are used. At bottom of the bottom, we're in a fine understanding that the will of your answer to the chief justice's question is that this court does have a a general election jurisdiction over the trial court rule. Yes, yes, do I understand that to be your answer? I think that this court has limited a prology restriction over the McPherson case, the federal McPherson case, not this court's McPherson case, does not affect that a prology restriction? No, no, sir. I believe that I certainly believe that this court has the ability to review what a circuit court did to determine what the circuit court violated the traditional rules much in the way we would be reviewing it if it was another county commissioner or an election for some other office. A member of Congress in a contest we brought. Precisely or on our the court is the great level or in the sense that it doesn't make any difference whether we're talking about school teachers and laborers or presidents and kings the rules of the same and the rules in this case are very clear. There are two questions that this court must answer was their substantial competent evidence and the record below to support the judges findings and did the judge properly, fly, long established law referring to the substantial confident evidence issue. Isn't it highly unusual for a trial court to admit into evidence certain documents that the one party claims will be controlling what's referenced to the claim they bring to the court in yet never examine those documents before making their decision. And didn't have an ear with the trial court admitting the disputed ballots into evidence, but yet never looking at those documents. Well, I think the trial court admitted theoretically admitted the ballots for the state theoretically or did that it then we the trial court either did or did not. The ballots in the evidence did the trial court admit those in the. My recollection is that the trial court did there was thousands of ballots which were which were embargoed and my recollection is the trial court. It did it was not a substantial dispute over whether or not the court could technically admit them into evidence. Did the trial court examine those documents? No, you're honored because I think there was no basis and law for the trial court to do though to do that until after the plaintiff had carried its burden of proving that there was some necessity to do so. And this leads to the core of the. And then what what is subsection eight means the subsection that was specifically added in 1999 and even follows we've got a follow the statute. That the section that says that the circuit court is to do whatever is necessary to ensure. Which is rather unusual language to use a such to ensure that each allegation in the complaint is investigated exam and or check. If it isn't to name that the circuit court is so look at the very ballots that have been brought to the court for investigation what does that. What does that section mean in the context of this litigation. You're on a disc brings us back to McPherson versus black or either the circuit court has no greater power than this court to disregard the scheme that the legislature has provided us with the next scheme is crystal clear. In fact, this court recognized that 10 days ago on the Harris case when it said. The decision was to conduct a manual recount he is vested in the sound discretion of the board and cited hogan the hogan case was indeed precisely the same as this case. It was a case in which the canvassing board elected not to conduct the manual recount and this court. The reference that case in which they said that the application of section 168 does not change the necessity to show an abusive discretion when it arrives at the court. We had an absolute. The failure on the part of the plaintiffs here this court gave the plaintiffs the opportunity to have a trial to prove their case and it was an absolute failure in the record of this case to establish an abusive discretion by any of the challenged canvassing boards. You can never have a contest unless what is occurred has already been through the process under 166. What would council do to circumstances that come to life later for example the precincts of one ball of the ball of one precinct just simply did not get included in the certification that would not be part of the protest. The situation where it comes to life that violence is used to keep people away from the polls that would not come to life during a protest are you suggesting that those kinds of circumstances then cannot be addressed under a contest. We don't find ourselves in that posture. We find ourselves in a posture in which canvassing boards to which the legislature has delegated the authority have made decisions and this is no different than any of the hundreds of cases that come to our district courts of the field and ultimately sometimes to this court in which an administrative agency given discretion has exercised the discretion and the rule for time immemorial has been that the standard of review is whether or not that agency as abusive. It is a discussion one of the highest standards known to the law that we have a ruling here do we not from a district court with the old but on an application for amendments that has said that the date county canvas and board had a mandatory duty to continue the county of the ballots once they decided to have a recount and that only because it could not meet a filing date. We have a review of the very specific canvassing board that made a decision here and we have a legal ruling by a district court of the field as you say that is held that they aired in that that they did have a mandatory obligation to continue the county. How can we overturn that ruin? District court of the field determined not to continue the count for two reasons. First reason was that there was a district court of the field or sorry they had a canvassing board determined not to continue the count for two reasons. The first reason was that after they had done the initial one percent three precinct count they found six votes difference in favor of vice president's court. The magazine board made a determination that based upon that six votes there was no reason to believe that there would be a change in the result of the election. One of the critical elements of subsection 168 and that issue was tried before judge souls and he resolved to put in evidence in favor of the fact. Where is the re-finding by judge souls that the reason that the recount was discontinued in day counting was because the canvassing board had initially decided that there would be no merit to having a recount. The second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the second reason was that the this case that we have where it shows a contrary finding or holding with that holding of the third district court in the field well let you know where what I was that this record let me address all of your questions and so let me begin with the one that you asked the the care vissing board it is beyond the school made the decision not to continue because they determined that once this court had said a deadline of November 26th they could not possibly meet that deadline now I was here to note that in retrospect they apparently made the right decision because Palm Beach County which is a smaller county was well into their couch as of that time and was unable to meet that deadline and the law of this state from time immemorial says no no governmental agency and no person is required by war to engage in a few lack that alone is sufficient to uphold the decision if the magazine board because they clearly one cannot say that reasonable men could not differ as you told that whole that thought for a moment because in our earlier decision interpreting the statutes with reference to the filing date we in essence said that the secretary of state could refuse a filing okay by a particular county only if one it would interfere with the federal obligation to have the electors determined by a fixed date or two that it would interfere with a contest now has been any showing in this case that either of those issues would apply to the decision by the canvassing board to stop their county. Those serve at this court also said you must have your votes in from the bill by November 26th and the canvassing board have been made the decision was impossible had two choices one was to not submit the secretary not to continue the count and the second was to send up a partial count which according to the evidence before the board would have cut off a substantial number not only of precincts that might have been significantly different than the result but also that would have disenfranchised a particular minority within day county one cannot say that reasonable men and women would not be able to differ as to the decision of that canvassing board but the other point that I would like to make is that subsequent to the decision of the third district court of the bill there was a trial and in that trial judge souls resolved conflicting evidence as to the question of whether in fact there would have been a change in the election regarding day county and determined that there would not have been there was substantial time. Just like if you keep on using the language there should be a reasonable probability of a change and you said that again we've got a stick to the statute my reading the statute says that it says sufficient to change or placing doubt the results of the election. Place them doubt is a different standard and a reasonable probability of a different result. Do you agree with that? I'm not sure justice per any but I don't think we need to address that issue at this time because it was virtually no evidence in the record upon which one could conclude there was no evidence of any single voting machine that had misoperated. There was no evidence of any voter whose vote was was not properly recorded. Your position is that in the contest that errors or under voting as we've been referring to it is that is the failure of the machine to read a vote that might otherwise be properly cast for a candidate that it is not the role of the judiciary and a contest to evaluate under votes is that your position today. Well my position is twofold the first one. That's one position that is that this election contest statute does not best within the judiciary the authority to review votes that were properly cast but never counted. Well number one it is not the role of the judiciary to do so when a canvas in board has already done so and has made a reasonable decision and that happened in Palm Beach County and I can conceive of no standard that this or any other court would impose upon the Palm Beach County canvas in board. But it's referred as it was stay with day County where it is. You did that 9,000 votes that have been the subject of request and November 9 have never been counted. Well I think it is disputed just as per any. All we know in the end day county is that the voting apparatus which nobody proved was defective determined that 9,000 votes were not properly recorded by the voter. We know that in the first 20% that 434 or something more or less were legal votes were recovered. We've already said that we shouldn't challenge Palm Beach County. We know that somewhere between whether it's 174, 215 votes were recovered and fabric counties whose certification has been included has several hundred votes all with the same type of machine. Are you really saying that the votes the 9,000 votes in state county which are the exact same votes that will look that in Palm Beach County in Broward County should not be looked at in a contrast action? Not at this point you're on it for two reasons. The first is that the canvas board made the judgment that the deadline that this court said for everybody they could not conceivably complete their count and I would suggest to this court that based upon what the Florida legislature has told us that they did not have the authority to submit a partial count only a full count and had they done so they probably would have violated the federal voting rights act and the United States Constitution. That's the first reason and this court has no basis in this record to determine that the canvas is important. It's described that we can make an opportunity. Let me get an understanding of what your position is that we're talking about when we say under vote or these votes have these ballots been sent through the machine. Have you run or? I got from reading somewhere that will a very good job of the tele-heciting talk to artists here was just like that it is it or ballots which have not been manually counted is that's correct you're on the record indicates that every one of these votes was sent through the machine they were rejected by the machine because of the parameters that had been said the machine determined that the votes had not been properly marked on the ballots. Well that goes to the go to the rejection issue you would agree with that is that you're saying that they've gone through the equipment so therefore they were not rejected is that the fair reading of your argument yes or are it's the angle of the one next statement unless it's the thing you want to further if if that is not accepted or is it's contrary to four to one that those are considered to be rejected do you agree with the standards that have been applied in other states with regard to very similar statutory language as to what you do to determine if there could be a change in the election or doubt as to the result in the election I looked to see as to first just whether there's enough votes that were not counted not as to who they would be for you agree with that standard I don't agree that it applies under these circumstances you're on the standard is where I'm looking to do disagree with that standard or what standard would you have applied if you assume that they were rejected how does one prove that there would have been a change in result or doubt as to the result well as if we are in a if we are in a circumstance in which it is appropriate to look at ballots then it is the job of the canvassing board to do precisely what the Palm Beach canvassing board did and that is to use the standard that the Palm Beach canvassing board you is now I far as here to point out that it's our belief that the Palm Beach standards canvassing board violated federal law because they changed the rule in this stream and in fact should not have counted any dimples but having said that assuming that you are going to make a decision you use the standard that the polling case used and the discord by reference to polling adopted as the appropriate standard the record suggests that that's exactly what the Palm Beach canvassing board did but we never reached that stage there are 64 counties in the state of Florida that did no manual recount and what Mr. Boys of suggesting is that every one of those counties simply because they had a punch card system must automatically do a manual recount and thus speaking of the standard of evaluating the ballot I'm speaking of the standard with regard to how does one demonstrate that there would be sufficient to change your place and doubt for example users seems to suggest that interpreting a very similar statute that you were looked at just see if there's enough votes there and assume that they would be for the challenging candidate and that is enough to place that could change the results are you suggesting a different standard than that now I think the standards of the same standard of burden that every plaintiff carries in every case which is to come into court and to prove that there is something wrong with some ballot or some machines where and that there are enough of those that we can say that whatever we call it it would place the election and doubt this plaintiff did not do so will it do accept that first prone that Justice Lewis has asked you to have agreed with and at least I'm not sure whether it seems that you have said that you do agree with and that is another court said that first you have to show that there are a sufficient number of contested or challenged or questionable that would make a difference now if you do accept that standard that has been set out in some other state of court decisions wouldn't you agree that at least that in for that preliminary step that the the plaintiff here have met that that is they have submitted that there are like 9000 or whatever the number is challenge ballots and that there's a difference in the outcome of the election that is presently the only in hundreds of ballots so at least that preliminary step of saying that the number of challenge ballots would put a place in question the outcome of the election that they've at least met that preliminary step so I am fathically disagree with that all right indeed disagree on the basis of applying that standard or does there disagree on the basis that they haven't met that standard they have not met their burden of proof and the reason is the only thing they did was put two witnesses understand to say that they were speculating that automatic machines are inherently unreliable and so in essence what Mr. Boyz is saying to this court is anytime that's a automatic machine in a close election and somebody says count all the ballots you must do so this court in a flood del case several days ago said that voter confusion and voter mistake is not sufficient to throw out a ballot as Tasha has a question yes I think I think that just fans there's question similarly on judge souls set a pressure and said that in effect that the plaintiffs could not obey or even know evidence was put on until they met this pressure and ultimately he decided that he did not have to look at the ballots because that threshold is not in that is that a correct statement on what did you see the pressure will be well it's been the same as every plaintiff carries in every case and that is to bring in sufficient evidence to meet the elements of the case in this instance to show that there was any reason to believe that any voter was denied the right to vote because of something other than the voter's own fault there was not a single shred of evidence in this case on a single voter to show that there was nothing here but the speculation of two witnesses that votermatic machines do not always show the voters intent that's all there is that standard that you have to show that the mistake was made no fault of the voter it seems to me that we've gotten off of what the standard is for showing the rejection of votes and it seems to me that the statute of section three says that rejection of votes which may put and doubt result of the election and so that is not that you have to demonstrate that the election really that I'm going to win but it is in doubt that I did not win so it's not that a different standard I really have a problem with the reasonable probability of a different result standard the judge's solves talks about versus the rejection of votes that would put the election end down because there's a lot of the difference in the truth I don't think it's necessary for us to distinguish given the razor thin record we have in this case the only way that one can conclude that either of those standards was not met in this case based upon this record is to conclude that in every case in which a vote ofmatic machine is used and the race is close that we must manually recount in every county that uses those machines because that's what the evidence was using this case we'd better give Mr. Glokkitche if I may or honor this is just one other issue too that I think we cannot lose side I want to warn council we're going to observe our time limits here so you and Mr. Lach could see I would this will take one second you're on that is that you also have to establish the second element which is that whenever standard you use it would have changed the result of the election if you look at the evidence here and you look at the lower court judges determination no matter which standard you use it was insufficient evidence to indicate that and this court cannot reverse the lower court judge unless there is a complete lack of substantial competent evidence in the record to support his decision regardless of the standard thank you okay a very Richard borderline out of control 10 54 at 560 W to Q a m this is 560 u a l for 3 u a 560 W a m my m e what letter d l a measly broadcast group station and the W to Q a m dot com for the world long then you run a foul section five and the safe harbor and you're going to say this only that that the interpretation or construction of a sentence is a change of law are you because probably this is the first time if if a dispute arises somebody must say if the legislature is written a sentence two sides of the degree it seems as though a court must try to do its best to see what that legislature wanted done but justice law especially as so much baggage the word interpretation can carry on its back before it becomes more of a change in his interpretation and that's the situation we have here and not unfairly is the court again the court was dealing with the situation in front of it but interpretation going from seven days to nineteen days that's a lot of baggage for the word to carry in that regard i think that the Harris decision was bottomed on a number of principles common law principles equitable principles constitutional principles but forget all that if you want to if you want to try to go back to just statutory construction you have a problem because the interpretation is sufficiently broad that i think fairly view the constitutes a change in the law under section five of title three of the minister today just looking at one sixty eight that's what i'm looking at is the one sentence seems to be the really dispute here and that is whether legal votes were rejected and it would have made or or changed the result or placed in doubt the result now is an impossible for this court to apply that to the fact that we have without it being a change in the law yes you're on because the problem is is that you have to create a pile of law to do it you have to do a number of things you have to first find that in a presidential race where you are electing twenty seven electors that you can do it on a county by county basis then you have to figure out a way of having the contest statute used to establish a standard when the only standard that applies anywhere for manual recap which as we argue before the court previously was limited to the situations in one sixty six which were brought about because of mechanical problems but put that aside the only basis and as they who are the common law obviously to have a manual recap is in section one sixty six and that so for finding the voters in ten but it also adds three specific people that are in a uniform basis throughout the state the combination of whatever the voters in ten is plus the three people is what is done there we go from there to a circuit judge in León County who then I suppose has to come up with a standard that is not articulated in the law and as your honor pointed out each time you ask the question you talked about legislation in other states that's where it has to come from there is no indication that the Florida legislature intended by acknowledging and respecting the power of the state judiciary to interpret laws that the judiciary would be in a position of having to create the standards that would be applied in this kind of situation that is a lot of the time as a thank you very much my name is the choice I will give you one extra minute since Mr. blocks answer that question thank you honor to you let me begin by emphasizing what I think all three council have spoken today agree on first is that this court has jurisdiction over this case second that 168 applies to presidential elections third point that I think there is a agreement on and that is that this court should not change the law and may have to interpret the law that exists it should not change the law let me ask you by another that the part of that the U.S. Supreme Court and you know Monday that Mr. clock just referred to and that is that the U.S. Supreme Court did say that a legislative wish to take advantage of the safe harbor would counsel against any construction election code that Congress might be deemed to be a change in the law however doesn't that also mean that if we're going to have a take advantage of section five that all of these contest have to be concluded as you told me before when we were here before by the December the 12th and we don't have a remedy here that can do that by December the 12th you're on I think you do have a remedy they can do that by December 12th I think first almost all of the issues in terms of number of issues although not in terms of number of the balance are now legal issues before the court the 215 balance in net that votes for vice president court have already been identified as legal votes by the Palm Beach Community Board and are not disputed by the defendant. On that there was in Governor Bush's brief a reference to an audited return that showed 174 and since numbers seem to be pretty critical here when there's a little difference you agree that it was that later number from Palm Beach County we don't agree to it but even even there are proof which was submitted after the trial was over and which is where that number comes from I think only related to the numbers submitted as of 5 p.m. the 215 number is a number that goes through 90 minutes afterwards when they completed their count and that information's in this record that's in the record it gets in the Palm Beach answer to paragraph 60 of the complaint and it was in Mr. Judge Burton's test of testimony at page 278 of the trial transfer. The only reason that was rejected was because of the deadline that this court had said of November 25th certification. Yes and as this court said in Harris the certification is one process but the contest is another process if those votes existed and had never been certified or never been counted but we knew those votes were there under the contest procedure they would have to be included. Well you ask you another question realizing time you're short that they're going back to a couple of the questions you've just a slowest ask about the purpose of this particular provision in the contest statute as far as legal votes not being counted or illegal votes of being counted. Why do you think it would be that the legislature would set out they totally different scheme for recounts that to be decided by local canvassing boards in one section and therefore have a procedure in place for recounts under votes and that kind of thing and yet the still reserve in a contest statute allowing a circuit court to do it all over again or to do it in any case. Is that really makes sense in an overall scheme here? I want you to address that question and in my second question too he lives. Why wouldn't we conclude here that it most all that you have demonstrated in the trial court is a possibility that there may be a difference in the outcome because as you have considered no one has looked at the 9,000 votes that you're talking about. Could you answer those two questions? With respect to the reason for 166 and 168 we believe that 168 was intended by the legislature to promote the certification process to get that process done and that's the responsibility of the Camelty boards. As this court held in Harris once that certification is done the responsibility shifts from the Camelty boards to the court. There aren't very many contests. Usually people accept the result of the Camelty boards. You have a contest only when some party believes that they got them and that goes to the second question that you asked and that was why do we believe we've shown what we've shown and we've shown the 215 and the 168 and that gets you up to 301. You still have to get to the day county votes, do you not know what you're doing? But at that point you're down to a 100 vote runner. Well when you get to the day county votes you're down to a 100 votes and remember day county was finding about one out of every four under votes to be a vote. But that's under the percentage of votes that I want. We're looking at this through the protest statute. Then it's certain that the only recount manual recount that there could be done under the statute would be to recount all the ballots. That's specifically what statute says, isn't it? All right, you're sure. All recount manually recount all the ballots. But the day county board had done just to say before they stopped on November 22nd. They had decided what they were going to do was count all the under votes. We think that was a good and accept that was definitely be a change in the law because the statute says they can only if they decided to put in manual review manually recount all the ballots. But I think that's right, Toronto. I think that you couldn't interpret the law that way. I think you had also interpreted the law in the sense of saying all the ballots that were requested to be manually recounted. If news are partied requested the others to be manually recounted and if the machine was recording votes, I don't think you would necessarily under that statute after interpreted that you would have to do that. In any of them, the court below rule that the day county board had discretion to make the decisions that it made. One of the decisions that it made that the district court below the trial court below said it had the discretion to make was the decision to simply manually recount the under votes. And they stopped only because they didn't have time. And if that is that of disputed on this record, or give you a degree with Mr. Richard and Paul like here, that is that he says that that is not the only reason that there was not a recount in date count. I don't think there's any other reason on the record, Toronto. First by any day question, whether to do a manual recount, they then decided to do a manual recount. They were undertaking a manual recount. On the morning of December 22, they said they were going to manually recount all of the under votes. They then stopped 12 hours later. Is that transcript of the all three of those decisions by the county? I think we're in the record. It is your honor. Speaking of time, and going back to what Justin Swelves was asking, in terms of the remedy, and now we're specifically asked to the Miami-Dade folks that you are testing. What is the here today, December 7? What is the time parameter for being able to complete a count of those under votes? The record shows that the C-Cammets headquarters were doing about 300 an hour, 250 to 300 an hour. That was three people looking at every ballot. That was obviously slower than it would be if we were being done by one judicial officer. We believe these ballots can be accounted in the time available. Obviously time is getting very short. We have been trying to get these ballots counted, and this court knows for many weeks now. With the chief's indulgence, one last question, and it really ties in also, and you actually, the two, and brought before the court in the first oral argument that we had here. That is, of this problem, that it continues to re-accurate in the case of not having recounts in other counties where the same voting mechanism were used and the revs, the remaining had been under votes, but that the proportion of votes, for instance, may have favored your opponent. We are now here on December 7, with December 12, you know, faster approaching. At the last proceeding, nine or nine are signed to a cost of a sub on what it was an offer or not, at least it was a concern of the court in terms of the feelings of fairness or equity. But to quite help can we resolve an issue like that at this late day two-point trial. First, there's never been a rule that says you have to recount all the ballot and election contest. In fact, every case that we cited has been a case including the best from case where only the contested ballots were reviewed to make a different rule would be a change in the law. The second point is that every party has a white-to-contest, but no party is required to contest. What the sense seems to be is that somehow Governor Bush's campaign should be protected from Governor Bush's lawyers. They didn't ask for a recount and therefore there should be a recount anyway, even if they didn't ask for it. Thank you, Mr. Boyce. I think your time is up. We very much appreciate all council's assistance in the court to resolution of this matter. Now, for the instructions at the beginning, if there one will remain seated until council and the parties have actually been building and then we ask that you be received in an orderly way. Okay. Bye, bye. God. It's 11 after 11 at 5.50W. 15. There you go. The forest of pink court. Good job, Neil. Thank you. We did a pretty damn good job. Thanks to our sales department for not having too much on the long today. Especially with our youth holiday time of the year. Thank you, Mr. Deloadada. Couldn't have done it. What are you guys down there? Because you'd be the best. They are fantastic. Just waiting for you to leave a lot of extra time. Plenty of open spaces there. Anyway, it goes to show you that we're really learning fast. Voter errors repeated in the lecture in Fort Loderdale. You see this? This is just yesterday. Our two days ago. In the tiny low turnout race Tuesday for a city commission seat, 86 voters made the effort to go to the polls of Oda absentee only to have their votes count for nobody at all. The balance would have squallified because voters either punched for more than one candidate, for no candidate, or even after all the public discussion of the presidential election, they managed to only to dimple a Chad. This was two days ago. This is on Tuesday in Fort Loderdale. Carlton Moore won the race to represent the Northwest and Southwest communities in Fort Loderdale, but he nearly avoided to run off with Deborah Brown Frederick. The 86 votes had been for one of his three opponents. What if Rodden on his outwight picked me and forced to run off? What it really shows is it's been very appropriate for the retirement of the supervisor of elections. Moore said, we're referring to the supervisor Jane Carol, where we turns to the end of the year. The two-day special election was the last of Carol's ballot count of career. Thank God. We've had an adequate assisted in place too long and it's time for the voters to ballot counting and the state to further modernization and devoting process said, Moore, to which I say, hey man, nice going there. Call it Moore, or Clayton Moore, whoever the head of the loan ranger. Isn't that pathetic two days ago? And there's still punch in more than one name and there's still dimpling and pimpling. Because number one, you got a lot of stupid people and number two because we have an antiquated ridiculous, we're holding all elections in this state and most places in this country. And they can stand up there and they can argue all they want from roughly at a time. There's not no equitable way in the spurs that would have clock running along the way. They could have counted the votes, not only in the aid county and Palm Beach County, but in every county in the state, they could have counted them 10 times with all these screwing around. It's been going on. So obviously they're run out of clock strategy. The Bush people has been very, very effective. And then of course the Florida legislature, now they're lurking in the background around around the foreground now. Do you see that last night? That time, Fini. Boy, he just Tom don't call me delay Fini. He is one step away from Tom Delay. He is, and does anybody believe him or John the K anybody believe them about, oh no, because the courts could, they could recad the votes in Gorkerwood by 20,000 votes like they wrote said he did. And you think that they're going to certify a slate of electors for Gork under any circumstances? No. No. And then they could agri is that once they certify their slate of electors, you know who signs that before they said in the Washington. Jeff, don't call me young brother Bush. I think I like that. All sounds pretty kosher to me. 820 votes on our poll yesterday after this close election to more he wish you had voted. Don't blame me, I did vote. 662 80.7% of our very area-night audience. Yes, I didn't vote, but I wish I had 97.12% how does that make you feel now? You 12% because there's 97. And if you say this is like one out of every, I don't know, 150 people that we have listening who get on these polls. That would be 97. That would be about 12,000 votes. And since about 70, 80% of the audience supported Gorker, that would be see right there. There's the votes. There you go, Judge. You're going to take it? No. Oh, sorry. And no, I still wouldn't vote even after all those 60 people said screw it, 7.3%. Here's one one we call, more than four lot of them. Hello. Yeah, how you doing Neil? Okay, sir. You know, I worked for Jankau for numerous years and I just had to say the dinosaurs is dead and it's thank God it will be dead after the selection because when she went in that office, she ran it by the whim of a lock that this never happened before like for the extent that it's been now. Yeah, I mean it is incredible to think that this does not, you know, this continuity hasn't existed before to be agreed that it exists now. And another one, she got under robust mentality right there before Thanksgiving. And once you got out of town, everything moved along very well. They got all the votes counted and brought it back to up and that was the end of them. Oh, no doubt. This lady, she was the school teacher 32 years ago and she still has that type of mentality with regard to just like a tarway, education wise and she runs her office the way she pleases. She's autonomous. She can do what she wants. She doesn't have to answer to anybody. She said she was stressed and asked for the problem of the staff and she sent her in four years ago. But I don't see her returning to 100,000 plus salaries. She got over the last four years and I don't see her returning a 32 year pension to brow a county because she's stressed out. Why is that, Neil? I mean why do we have to work for these people in elected offices that are attached dinosaurs? And it's just like, you know, you're working for your radio station. Where everything is backwards. Yeah. Why is that brow a county? I'll just keep taking a money. Well, just just to be glad she's on a way out. Bye bye bye. Bye bye, Jane. See. And of course, if they county would wise up, they would do the same with a David lady boy. Oh boy. He's an answer. He is. Of course, if they say about a himmy probably faint again. Here's this great article in New York Times today by Bob Hubbard in America. Keep them out. The tactics have changed, but the goal remains the pressingly the same. Keep the colors, the blacks, the African Americans, whatever they're called in the particular instance, keep them out of the voting booths. Do not let them vote. If you can find a way to stop them, so here we go again. This time in Florida. It turns out that the state of Florida is using a private company with close ties to the Republican Party to up cleanse the state's voter registration rules. Would it surprise anyone anywhere to learn that the cleansing process? Somehow managed to improperly prevent large numbers of African American voters from voting in the presidential election. Would it surprise anyone? Oh, Gregory Polash, they reported with the online magazine Salon, is that a number of articles on this. He noted that the company choice point and its subsidiary database technologies ink came up with a scrub list of 173,000 names. These were the names of people registered to vote in Florida who according to choice point could be knocked off the rules for one reason or another. There was good reason for Florida, but he concerned about the integrity of its voter registration rules. In 1997, the mayor of Miami was removed from office because widespread fraud had occurred in the election. The following year, law was passed requiring counties in Florida to purge the rules of duplicate registrations, the names of the cease-person's and felons. So far so good. The problem is developed when the state turned to choice point, which compiles themselves vast amounts of frequently shaky information about individuals. Choice point, which acquired DBT last May, was fired by the state of Pennsylvania for breaching the confidentiality of driving records. With this private outfit in the picture, it soon became clear that top Republican officials were trying to repay partisan political advantage from a law designed to correct any grieges wrong. And that partisan advantage would be realized in large part by trampling on the hoating rights of minorities. Over the spring and summer choice point was forced to acknowledge that 8,000 voters that had listed voters that had listed the felons, in fact had been guilty only of misdemeanors, which would not have affected their right to vote. What is maddening is that when such and around the list of names gets in the hands of county election officials, as this one did, it is very difficult, often impossible to find out what's correct and what's not correct. That's nickering you hear us from Republican operatives who know that these kinds of foul ups because they're based on criminal records, will disproportionately affect minority voters. Choice point eventually came up with a corrected list of 173,000 names of people that targeted as ineligible because they were deceased or were registered more than once or had been convicted of felony. But it was a lousy list riddled in mistakes. And in an interview with me yesterday, Marty Fagan, a choice point vice president, said there had never been any expectation that the list would be particularly accurate. Remember now we're talking about a list that would be used to strip Americans of the precious right to vote. Mr. Fagan said the list focused on people who might have been deceased or might have been listed twice or possible felons. He said it was important to know that the information needed to be verified by county election officials. That was interesting because choice point came up with 58,000 people. People registered to vote who would fall into the category called possible felons. How on the world were county election officials supposed to check out each and every one and find out if they were felons or not. They couldn't and they didn't. The horrors stories about perfectly innocent black voters being turned away from the polls because they've been targeted as convicted felons started coming in early on a morning of November 7, election day and they're still coming in. Black turned out to vote in record numbers in Florida this year but huge numbers were systematically turned away for one species reason or another. The tactics have changed but the girl remains the same. And a article, great article by Bob Herbert in the New York Times today. So I'm going to say it again if there's anybody who believes that this election was one or is even still in parent square your dream. You're in the Twilight Zone. I'm out of who you're support. You're out of your mind. This was and we've had voter fraud for for a sense probably the first election they ever had in this country. I mean it's run rampant but I think at least in my lifetime this is the most fraudulent national election we've ever had. It's just unbelievable. And especially right here in the hotbed or fraud and hanky panky good old fLA or do we know how to do it on or what or the expert added. See I did the wrong thing you're looking at now both phones are working here so you see there's not anybody on the phone. That's good. Chase them all away because they don't want to hear the Florida Supreme Court and those oral arguments. Especially after all these weeks so they got nothing to say about that. That's okay because I got a lot of things I want to talk about including that atkins of food stuff. Somebody stole my car by solutions. You're not fooling any of us. I told you to tell you 10 of it. No it is not in my car. Okay. And didn't I would in fact I was talking about that yesterday. We were discussing the fact that if you leave anything in here because everybody in the buildings out of key to the assurance fight about what we were promised when we came up here. So I had a whole tin of that stuff and probably it was something that didn't too happy over the fact that I'm doing car solutions. Well you know what to you. Ackins, Dr. Ackins, you know, great diet. Head them on the air. Did the thing they're sold in a lot of books. Got a lot of people lost a lot of weight with his. I believe that for a lot of people it's very good. Great vitamins. Excellent. A lot of other great books besides just the diet books. Read them all. But you know something when you're good at one thing stick to that. That's my best advice. Don't try to be all things to all people because when it comes to food products those Ackins bars have an I always said this at least I'm consistent because Peter Leonard slept in here yesterday a bunch of stuff after he heard me talking about the club solutions stuff. Confolutions is great. I've lost five pounds in three days. I feel sensational and it's delicious. I took I said okay I'll give it a shot. We got the cans of that Ackins this stuff in the refrigerator. Oh my god. It belongs in the can. Yeah that can and I took the powder home yesterday. I made a milkshake in my blender. The good one that I have at home. Took one sip. I poured the rest down the sink. So Peter you can keep bringing direct in here all you want. The fact is I'm not going to eat it. I'm not going to plug it in. It just leave it out of here. Quit making me sick with your garbage. I found something that's sensational. I'm promoting it. I'm not getting paid to promote it. I don't have to have gotten any of it free yet and that's it. But it's great stuff. 567-0560-560 on the 1810 Verizon Wireless Line 10-1127. The New Roger Show sports radio. 560. You a man. Okay our full question for right now. We'll do this for about an hour and a half because it's going to be very you know there's no interest in the panthers. There's no interest in hockey but I just thought I'd give the panther fans an outlet here since there's you know I came in this morning was talking to guilty before the show. He was on a commercial break and he was telling me that they actually had people calling on the worst team this morning saying that the Bob L. Burry trade was bad because Eddie Jovinsky's planes are good for Vancouver now. You know what I would like to do to people who call in talks. I was even saying that in private even in their toilet. Shuthin in the lake. Yeah I tried to knock some sentin them. Not only have we got almost nobody showing up in the building there were maybe 7,000 people or last night maybe and then when the third period started about 2500 and I'm not really blaming anybody because if I had a paper for those tickets I wouldn't pay to see the crap they put out there last night that was pathetic that was tragic. But the fact is that of those 7 or 8,000 people the small handful of people or even have any concept to understanding of what's going on continues to be so dismal and so minimal that you just have to wonder what are we doing with a hockey team here. What is this is not a sports town? We're still after 25 years I'm still trying to figure out what kind of a town it is besides filled with hate and early bird dinners but other than that I don't know what it is but they're sure there's sure no knowledge about that a small handful which I can relate to a small handful of people have some concept and they're rest of them even after all these years now they still haven't caught on. The big sparks are out there getting a lot of penalties and getting a lot of stupid meaningless fights. Hey there you go Peter I just do not understand it. Same old-charid crap and to show you about great coverage we got maybe this is part of the reason. Here's today's Miami hero this is a port to be a great newspaper this is a port to be a paper that knows how to get something right. Page 4D in these sports techniques in the broad edition this morning I'm looking at the standings in national hockey league. Here's the results from last night here's two these results here's tonight's schedule and listen to these games that are supposed to be in the NHL and I'd accord in the hero. Denver at Orlando theme it's that Milwaukee New York at San Antonio Washington and Minnesota in Vancouver at Utah even Georgia I think if you stop and talk about it for just a second then Hoover in Utah you do Utah jazz don't they play hockey? No they play basketball that's probably tonight's NBA schedule but in the hero let's see NHL schedule and I'll also on the same page for the since they give such great coverage in this newspaper Panthers give on a way to the islanders as David J. Neill and most of his article is about well built-in races we're going to get the all start game in 2003 I got news for you I wouldn't be surprised if we don't even have a hockey team in 2003 unless Wayne Hypinga finally wakes up and says you know something I'm trying to one load the team there's nobody in the stand the team is one five games they think they join out they lose consistently the worst teams in the league over and over again they it's just it's pathetic and those people in the building even the ones who don't we don't understand a game although well they're pretty much unanimous and it's time to say to the Murray boys let's do a brief pull here Eric just for maybe an hour and a half I'm going to be five choices the Florida Panthers need to hear your five choices fire Terry Murray fire Brian Murray fire both make a trader to or I don't care about the Panthers they're your five choices the Florida Panthers need to do fire Terry Murray fire Brian Murray fire both make a trader to or I don't care about the Panthers you say here's the saddest part of the whole deal especially after the euphoria we had a few years ago to stand the cut finals and everybody around all the front running phones and they're running around with their out through a little flags on the cars we actually had to enthusiasm and speak of that bees are must have must have given him tremendous satisfaction to come back to this on for giving unpretutive front running phony town and the kick their ass last night for the founders and now that this this organization they have systematically destroyed the franchise they've torn it apart there's very little left you've got brewery who did again scored the one goal they got last night what a coincidence 17 girls he's got and you would eat out there who want Eddie Jolani's ski back how many girls were here scored our defenseman even if he were playing that good for us which he wouldn't have been even if he would have been how many girls were the escort here four or five if the wind had paville brewery this team would have won a game this year and then you see how many people would be in that building this bet what was it $18210 million to blow that beautiful macarena stated the art and yeah he put too many seats in every he's a greedy quick win and so so the seats in the quarters are too small and there's some other problems but generally speaking it's a hell of a building sure blows away that fan of arena and date candidates what everybody tells me no contest but the prices are grotesque the concession prices are ridiculous not to mention the quality of the food ridiculous and the product they're putting out there you can't expect people to spend their harder money to go see that especially when it's a marginal sports fan in the first place you've destroyed the franchise guys there's almost nothing left I'm gonna make a lot of money even though I'm gonna have to charge high prices I guess but the people are coming there used to that I'm gonna have to book in the flash life franchise it's seriously when you come in the door I'm gonna be sitting there and I'm gonna rent you books in flash life so they're doing the game you'll have something to do what's wrong with that yeah do a little bit of reading will have some you know I don't know all the vancines are crap Harry Potter books I mean what whatever you like it's crossword puzzle crossword puzzles pornography what ever turns you on okay just so that somebody might have something interesting to be doing during those three hours that we're not building it is brutal it's unacceptable and how long this bald headed geek up there is gonna sit back and allow this crap to go on I have no idea he's trying to sell the team what lunatic is gonna come along and buy this franchise when there's nobody coming to the games and when the team I hate to put I use this word because I got people I like on that team but the team generally speaking stinks and even even a player who have a ability on the team most of art plan for Terry Murray they're not playing for this organization which has made so many mistakes and then I read in the paper this morning the same always maybe with the sun settle oh they're looking to get you know ojick from Philadelphia and that's gonna do let's get another grown out there he's gonna score a lot of girls anything oh we need a lot another grown so we can increase our league leading already penalty minutes I'm embarrassed I'm really embarrassed there's a 42 year long hockey fan died in the world I just go on by the way leaves but anyway I'm just embarrassed for the whole thing every aspect of it there's nothing you can point to and say well you know I'm not saying that there aren't some players like Trevor kid who last night was not like great but he's played some great games and brewery and I told you about it that's about it right there there's nothing else you can point to and say well you know we got hope over here no and they're still trying to pedal the same old tired bullcraft there are we need to mire's in the Peter Warrell and the saying I'm surprised they're not gonna bring Chris what try to get Chris Rolls back and pedal into the public I'm not gonna spend a lot of time on this because I know I'm whistling into a wh- I'm farting into a windstorm there's no point I've wasted my time doing that before and they're still here how could anybody possibly do a worse job or I should say a better job if destroying a franchise in any sport than the Murray's have done and still have their job coaches general managers and professional sports drop like flies that goes with the territory that's part of the deal when they get hired they expect to get fired just a matter of time and I just I just don't know how much more patience this time's gonna have even those people who already bought their tickets and feel compelled to show up like Saturday when Colorado is here I don't want to be the voices doom and gloom but that could be you think last night was grow test gonna ugly just wait that could be really ugly and and where are you sportswriters in this town when you're gonna come out fit to beat in a round of bush like Dave Joseph a few days ago we're not a korea well somebody's gonna have to take their blame did he really say anything oh you are the biggest bunch of bush leaders in this goddamn town you don't have the ball to come out really say anything and it makes me sick to my stomach if this was a real hockey town or real spits town the fakers who have held on in this town for years they would have been ridden out of this town on a regular long time ago and sustain with the politicians and all the other fakers but because you got virtually newspapers bush league reporters people would ball the size of baby and that's why these people continue to go on and just destroy everything that we want to part of time use to enjoy very very sad tragic it's enough to make you want to cry am I gonna cry over it no no at least one 22 noon at five sixty wq-w the real Roger show sports radio five sixty you a half highly cow and coming have hit up the election officials left you confused here is your guy to understand how to cast your vote in on beach county flora follow along with me to see just how easy it can be let's get started show a joining me here in the booth is Mr. Mermelstein who are you voting for I'll leave him enjoy see now leave the butterfly baller starting with bush chanie in the left column you can and jiggle grew air mangola i can and girls in the right where's our label over there this guy is guy is just a guy who makes my baby food no now simply punch a hole in the nineteen fifty nine you know that deep punch card okay well over there here use this microscope okay no okay I'll put your good oh no that invalid nature vote all right yeah I'll put your can and I'll put that again I'll punch you no I don't remember coming as if you want to live in blada exercise you're right the vote in accordance to the little brothers I just show the heck the hell any geoskid you'll for tonight with all those well yes maybe you thought's got a new team now I don't know great that my life is spent let's get to Denver hockey team I mean we already had to you know oh they got the Colorado Ablanche I'm so they'll be your Saturday well it's called Denver now oh my god this town that you can't complain about the journalism here because there isn't any I just I don't want to get all worked up and frustrated about because at least this consistent is it ever going to change oh no it's a bush league town look for George this Saturday from 11 to one it's Bill Siddles Nissan in Miami he's expecting a whale of a crowd on thirty six three just west of twenty seven the average also find Bill Siddles Mitsubishi and Mitsubishi and Suzuki George will have the best meal to eat because that's in t-shirts and I bet you're gonna reckon a fortune for plant parent or on Saturday I'm gonna buy one of those books you're gonna be selling at the stadium looking a fly fly cheap also the help of souters were trying desperately to get to 100 grand this year for our fundraiser because we pretty embarrassing to meet personally if you know where's our grand for plant parent Joe Costello and by the way we still don't want that guy's money from Philadelphia no I Joe Costello being a QM van tomorrow from 11 to one with the best of meal stuff at the sound advice on federal highway between Oklahoma commercial and you can go to specs all the specs music stores all over datebouard Palm Beach Naples four miles and pick up your best meal CDs and cassettes twenty three votes so far on our poll the Florida Panthers need to fire carry Marie one fire Brian Marie none make a trader to one fire both twelve and I don't care about the Panthers I look at how many we got I don't care about the Panthers behind yeah well we don't care about you either okay I mean I just put it on there just because we got a lot of sour pushes up they like to be negative about whatever yeah so I'll just give them an opportunity they enjoy it they tingle from it they kevelle five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line Martin Trombie Colle's trial is the closing arguments are underway there had closing arguments in Semero County last night before my good friend Nikki Clark virtual I care yeah she's all right but I just don't think she's gonna do with them I do not believe she could be gonna throw it all over the balance I could be wrong I do think there's a possibility though that the what the hell is her name Lauren Hitting officer that's from the islanders what those the broads name up there in Semero County well what are your Sandra Gordon I think she might just wound up in jail for perjury not so much for fraud but for perjury but anyway we'll see here's Bokeh hello okay actually I did call talk about the Panthers but you summed it up perfectly in your last little uh uh diatribe there so why we'll say this as to the Murray brothers at John McLaughlin with say bye bye yeah okay bye bye here's the fact this is a mcuban American in my making to do myself very very intelligent I voted uh what is I know I know I voted for the right candidate spelled right no George Boy what what is this that's not this maybe it was gonna make some sense there's a mechanic said oh no it's another or a Cuban hitting facts they hit the Cubans what's that couple on that you hit the Cubans over here you know the answer five six seven oh five sixty oh here's a call from Tallahassee hello oh yes sir uh it's all the election news and the hockey I don't know I think hammer's gonna beat you at the ratings today for the first time in a while yeah it's just uh I don't know I love your show what what what what is that mean I do I'm just falling asleep here I mean unless and until you over the computer I'm so I'm so I'm sure you're making here and it's it's almost noon you're making the effort to listen on the internet up in Tallahassee and yet you're telling me that the show is boring and you're falling asleep I still have a best available but I mean it's not the best meal Rogers effort yeah well I would agree with that because the stuff from the floor to the pink hole is pretty boring but you know something sometime boring is important to some people so blow it out your ass and get a life how do you like that here's the one I hit this kid's gonna be perfect down here which is obviously from here he's gonna be great heavy one of those cranky old senior citizens will come down here to bitch and grab about everything he's listening like somebody's got a gun that was hit but he don't like it see I still don't understand that but you know fine have a wonderful life see again I thought I was doing something worthwhile just like when I put on the stuff from the US Supreme Court it's very rare that we get not for doing these things and since supposedly 99 percent of the people out there this is all they've been talking about for the last month of month and today being December 70 election was one month ago November 7 you think that some people like the interest didn't what year oh I got some I should we should have got the kids address we should mail somebody brought it to me at the game last night the bag of seeds hey probably like a bag of seeds he could find him in his back home Texas homegrown dope from the bush league seed company it's got to put your W on the front with those big ears on a pot plant his planning instructions using a silver spoon planned in a shallow hole protect from draft feed with loads of family and soft money and on the back it's got some more great stuff Texas homegrown legalized dope beautiful stuff nice artwork too I'm maybe we'll send that to him and you can do it with it maybe shift out the seeds from his good stuff very sad pal very sad you just tear my kishki's out in addition to what he was on there for a long time it's called long time ago was it about a half an hour on a whole I mean half an hour pal you could probably done something scored score it worthwhile if you could have found it on his dime or less yeah on his dime well I'm sure I'm not me a daddy's dime here's a mobile in homestead hello Neil I was just listening to your broadcast to the hearing before the Florida Supreme Court and I'm not a statistic statistician and I'm in my car but tell me if my math is wrong here the attorney for Gore boys said that there were nine thousand under votes in day counting if you round that to about ten thousand for easy figuring he said a twenty five percent of the under votes result in a vote if they examine him by hand that's two thousand five hundred and day counting Gore got fifty three percent bush got forty seven which is a difference of six percent so if the if the net votes go in favor six percent for Gore six percent of two thousand five hundred's a hundred and fifty votes that Gore would net out a day counting so what's the big deal yeah did I say there was a big deal no I'm just saying that first of all you can't extrapolate based on anything in the action to be about to it a little look the fact is that there's no equitable way at least this is my opinion there's no equitable way to start recounting anything now at this point because like one of the justices as or a tour the mass how can you possibly recount selective under votes from two or three counties when obviously they were under votes in all sixty seven counties I said weeks ago and I'll say it again today if there was going to be a recount they should have recounted all the counties and which which the war people offer but obviously the bush people didn't want because they figured they probably lost and then now it's too late okay I agree we're talking about the web thing is I just think the point's got to be made that people tend to think that there's something treasure trove of votes for the Democrats and day counting in my position is that there's really a lot of uncertainty now let me say this to you right now nobody knows and until the Harold and the other organizations go in there after this is all over nobody will ever know trust me when I tell you and then what and see how embarrassed are you and some of the people going to be when they do countermeasure come to find out oh I guess what my see oh they did you see the status decision they had on from the central county case last night not only was I thought he was going to crawl under the table or maybe blow his brain to I have never seen such a nervous witness in my life he made mark from a look pretty secure man this guy was was prophetic and why they I mean she must have been in a good mood that hanging judge your last night because she just and even the attorneys he he just kept making little speeches and finally you can see the look on her faces they start getting real exaggerating cut him off into past he wouldn't respond to the questions you can take every statistician in the world and you know what you can do with them as far as I'm concerned everything I want him shithin in the lake yeah which in his case might have helped out come on a hopped off of there and went on a hauling and he was he was prophetic and he kept he was sweating and he kept rubbed his hand like this and he didn't know whether scream or he took heat has been in statistician my fat ass this business of bringing in statisticians and speculating that that's not a way to have an election well it might be this and it's probably this yeah and you're probably an asshole marry all a meal plans to return the ice for hockey fans out there ten words on a mirror the music expected well it's early next week he's planning to come back as a player within thirty days for all your penguin friends out there get excited about it it says that he's been feeling great he feels his team is a contender and he's given his body a chance to re-enter giants itself he thinks he can still play which I'm sure he can better most of the guys on our team and marry all his coming back that'll be great for the game and for the penguins bad for us five six seven how's that pull coming seventy three votes I don't care about the panthers is a close second right out thirty one of course three five votes a fire both of them are you if I've been we ought to say it all together now come on one two three five five five five five five five five territory five primary zero and make a trader two two out of seventy three votes yeah make a trader two uh-huh I put it on there just a few minutes say it's eleven fifty five five so let's build snipers saying spoken count the votes and why okay count the votes they're not going to count the votes you think they're going to count the votes that'll be our full question later when we get rid of this poll thing on here one o'clock is most people don't care about this which I understand of course uh- the powers that be don't want to understand Wayne the one one to stand they're organized as they know and they're talking about an all-star game here in two thousand and three I'll tell you one thing Mr. Boatai you got the real hoods but man you're unbelievable there were rumors I don't want to say in the Toronto sun over the weekend just rumors ugly rumors about the I can't think of the guy's name multi billionaire who's allegedly talking about maybe buying the team and moving them to Portland or I got I just mentioned that in passing of course the organization vehemently dies there but I I just mentioned that in passing come on in I lay down on my top I'm a good song to my time of the heat lay more times in grandma got run over by our rainy when you feel like the only kid in town I'm tired of this song here's a few people more than us it is rather long yet I'm the first low kids and her very good lickled�, dancing, and handsome with songs on her radio gets you zoom and listen and probably never will be trampers will Oh fdg mariguan jz and bodaddy dark rt Even blue spring season long, sing along its juice They don't think it's funny If Max is slamming hell They rather listen to the stop-floor-farcing jingle bells Not fun Put those, you've looked in And I'm not a good song, dear again Please, Lord, make it in Good Adam's family and life friends Hello to our five-sticky WCM Hanky's The building had been along at two horticune hotline That's the Brayman Honda at six o'clock tonight You got boot shop at 8.10 a.m. after a boot So I come on the year this morning We play the Florida Supreme Girl We put the audio on the year because a lot of people in their cars A lot of people are working for you This is like, we're coming to the culmination of all the weeks of this crack going on People probably would want to hear the oral arguments and the eagle arguments Wouldn't you think that? Yeah And I read this article at somebody and I think the original person It affects me, the article by Bob Herbert in the New York Times today I read the whole thing about the black people being disenfranchised from their vote And I'll just read the fact machine a couple of minutes ago And guess what I get from Peter who says, please read Facts as many of these three pages Keep them out by Bob Herbert in New York Times Yeah Yeah Five, six, seven, five, six, many many open lines here I think the kid in tell-and-hand she was right blue way to hold all the inch here I apologize never do it again Never ever do it again I don't care if they're blowing up the whole guy damn world I will not put it on the year Well this city here makes funny noises And part of the time while they're mushroom cloud is forming over heads Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on a AT&T And then the thing I compounded that by taking five whole minutes and talking about hockey I mean you know there could be anybody left now Could there? No, you're right Never learn my lesson Here's Boca, hello Yeah, Neil Yes sir What do you have against Peter Warl? He can't play Yeah, but he's the only excitement right now He's not exciting, he's not the penalty box most of the game's thank goodness Well are you telling me that you don't like a good hockey fighter we now in the end? No, I don't He doesn't, he doesn't get, well what did it accomplish last night all those fights? What did that get done? Well there have to be some paper And I'll tell you what I'm saying Let me say it again Do this fire up the team last night? No What did it accomplish? Well you have to protect the cover First of all he wasn't protecting That was mellow and be that protected He was saying the game that I was That was mellow and be that came out there when after Kevin Howard So you even know what you're watching like most of the other people sir Peter Warl wasn't fighting to protect Bob L. brewery Peter Warl was fighting because as always he wound up at a penalty box Because he got a thing going with God damn over the big group ball Chara Chara Chara All mighty Here's another guy Don't you like your good fight now and maybe you fit to the context of a good game It was terminal, it was ponderous The fact you're idea if you're willing to pay to go to see that Hey great don't take all the suckers like you in the world Good fight How many people ever really saw good fight in the hockey game? Because 99% of the fight nothing happens anyway They're holding on to each other's jersey and there's this And it may be once in a while you see some punches landed And once in a while if you're into blood and guts You'll see a real fight where guys leave all bloodied up Of course this guy's sure loves that but that very rarely happens And then they tumble down there on the ice and one guy falls on top It's like putting a guy in wrestling and of course we know about the wrestling But that's what it is. It's boring. It's boring to be honest with you If I'm glad you enjoyed it Here's Orlando hello Yeah, the closing arguments Nikki Clark's case is it starts at 1pm today But I'll tell you the case that's really going to nail the bushings is this Martin County case That judges he I don't know about Clark. I'm a little concerned about her The judge the judge in the Martin County case is the same one that Louis judge Louis he had to go out and turn down the world It's the same name that they're different guys because I knew what they both look like This is the same name but he's a different judge Can't be he looks like the same Louis that I saw I don't know but I'll tell you what I watched last night And he's I don't I feel very confident that Martin County's battle So that's going to go goersway and probably some in the county too So you know you're looking at what where are you coming up with this probably probably based on what I watched most of that several county stuff like Yes, but he afternoon last night where you come up with that Well, I looked at it when I saw the Martin County case That's just so egregious and so so illegal what they did I think that's going to go that's going to go good for I will. That's what I think it's going to go well for Gore I think when and also the special session now they've caught that too late because let's just say One or two of those cases go goersway and he wins by five ten fifteen thousand votes Special session is starting tomorrow at noon, but they're really going to crank it up next week Monday Tuesday and Wednesday One of these cases goes goersway It's too late they'll still go ahead and try to put those electors and bushes column But the re-certification and the election actual election results going for Gore Well, well, well, wait a minute. What re-certification are you talking about? Who's going to re-certify it? The court will re-certify it if one of those court courts don't signify votes and elections Yeah, they will in this case because sir, let me say it again because I'm hoping to have a conversation But I don't think I'm having one courts don't signify elections. Well, they will direct Paris to re-certify for court And you really believe that's going to happen I really believe the Martin County case is going to go right Take to it call me in the morning, okay? Wow Is it just me or is that guy all over the place out of his mind? Sounds like swissful thinking to me sir, and it is the same judge Joe Terry Lewis Remember he was the one that turned them down and they had to go over him to the afforders Supreme Court the first time about counting the votes Now it just happens to look alike. Here's a mobile and plantation hello and have the same name hello Yes, sir, Neil Panther fan hockey fan and I would say that if last year when the panthers were on their slide And lost to Jersey and for that any hockey town with a rang Mr. Murray out of town right then and there Now we're stuck with them through this and there's no way that this guy can keep it in to be in town papers And guys they're picking this up and telling the way it is The papers aren't going to pick it up until the like is he he's got that mentality you don't have any report any real columnist To know anything about the game so they don't write anything and you got a couple of beat reporters there who are intimidated and every time they look at them cross side They get them all they plant the other stuff for them to write like the pop piece about me tomorrow over the weekend Which is what happened right on the same day Right, I read that in the papers you're saying the fun setting off and they never really they next they really never said anything about the team they just like just be around the horror and just made it look you sit here and there and how Or listen that the fact is they have destroyed this franchise they have destroyed it. It's been butchered And nobody in this town wants to say that except me all right I go to I try to make two games each month and When I saw New Jersey come to town I was on the games I circulated we're going to go to that game and when I want to that game and they the way they lost in the last minutes Like they seem to do clearly square a wonderful goal every game and looking around in the stadium And I'm seeing myself boy I'm one of their doing 10,000 here. I hope up the paper next day and they said they're 13,000 Oh, I know I'll say the same thing today, but that's tickets sold. That's not people dances in the scene Right, that's nothing right. That's not the actual people that show up there. Yeah, it's like you know When you can't draw for the Jersey now is looking at that schedule coming up. What are you talking about New Jersey doesn't draw at home What what does that mean? The Jersey draw. Well, I don't know why is the only one that's done like a twice in the last two years. So what are you talking about? They don't know. I'm sorry, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. It's last night. They don't draw. They draw 4,000 people again. Right, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I don't know. I don't know. I said no, I don't know. I'll write a car. I'll come in. We want to see the better teams come in. You know, I hope your team can beat them, but I don't know. We're in a lot of problems. We got a lot of trouble. You're like, I'll see. I'll see you Saturday. I'm good luck to us. It's not a hockey town and the prices are ridiculous and the team blows and you put all those ingredients together. And you got to recipe for a disaster. And is that what we have now? No, no, no, no, no, no. Terminal. Nobody cares anyway. 10 past no to 560 WQAM. This is a session with hockey. Good question, excellent person. Thanks to her, we also have the silver doll with great delight. She's the one that makes the pie all for a season every night. It's your birthday life. Holy Holy. There's 30 double designs. Vership and so tight. Holy Holy. She can't just young guys, why do we ride? Yeah, what do we be behind George? One break. No, we recount. No, oh, we count. Over here on a week, we're going to do it manual. Okay, let me put a simple in it. Here you go. How about not, we catch up? No, no, you're next break is sure you can stick your couple of stuff in there. We're working. I did. Yeah. We're not one break behind. Hot shot. Okay. I don't think just a little bit of a lot of spots. Okay, in fact, we'll go over a couple of minutes. I think that my new care is used to long breaks. 567. And by the way, George, you're wise enough here. You know, I was out of get some people out there at that thing on Saturday. That's right. Oh, you should have seen the scene last time. We had food there before. Oh, you did. Hopefully employees. I mean, they were the only ones. They're not going to be called telling anybody about it. I brought a hell of a crowd out. You're going to have media and no cheese and stuff like that. No, we're going to have food provided by Atlantic City subs on Hollywood and Hollywood on Sheridan Street. And the yelking in here was writing and writing. So what are your right knowledge that I'm writing a book? It's the one we're going to sell to your rena. The employees have the nerve to complain that we did the same thing. Uh, napkins and paper plates for them. Now aren't you going to be there this Saturday and you're knocking the employees. You're going to have to go. They don't even end this show. Huh? They don't listen to this show. They don't see anything. They say, oh, oh, well, in that case. What did you say that got them so pissed off? What would you like it? What's with your Saturday 11 to what? And Bill Siddles, Nissan and Miami where they don't speak knowingly. 36, 3, just what the 20. Well, I want to hear the sending you out there just because you're a spick. Is that what it is? What are they doing that? I don't understand the logic of it either but another one. Oh, but any other question? Go out there because your July the best in the NLCDs, because Seth and T-shirts and food provided by Atlantic City subs and Hollywood on Sheridan Street. Okay, there you go. And he don't know what. He don't take them on the anyway. Okay, let's do a mobile and lake worth. Hello? Mobile and lake worth. Going once. Well, he's listening on there. I'm going to give him a chance. Going once. Going twice. You're all right. Okay. Okay. Yes, sir. Speak to me. Okay, that was the call. Neil, how are you? That was the end of it. 5, 6, 7, 9, 16. Yes, I did. I did. Get lost. Here's South Beach, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I'm Neil. Big problem. I've blamed the whole thing here. I've blamed the whole thing is that, sir. Which hole are you talking about? The big picture. The big picture. The big picture? Yeah. Uh-huh. In other words. All of you stick. Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless lines out of town line. 877-785-6345. Here's dear field. Hello. Is it my own? It sounds like you. I'm fighting me. I play and I want people call you out in the ass. You want you to have it again. People will know. It's, it's Pulkin do. Yeah, but didn't you, will you have the game or didn't you? I want to like that. And then you hear the cheering every time. What does that mean? What does it mean? It's like, it's, it's like, it's in a team because it's hysterical. When you watch this guy, it's like a science. It's like the, the legs are in front of the upper body. He looks like a kid at the, at the skating rink. It's a learning how to try to skate. Yeah. And then, of course, last night, somebody would probably say, well, you know, we got an assistant on the brewery girl. You only go, we got, don't want to be a big guy in the system because somebody made a pass from inside the blue line. It, it tipped off of his stick. Exactly. He's not even know his hat's on the top. As you know, he has to make things. As I was, you were, he missed the pass and brewery picked it up off of his stick and went in along and made it a great go. But the fact is that this guy cannot play the game. He can't, he is so used for he is he is an average minor league hockey player at that. Yeah. And then, else something, it's a, he's not even a good goon. He can even fight. He probably doesn't scrap people or bad. He can't even fight. And I'm surprised he actually got into the chart last night because he's a big guy. He usually picks on guys like, tie, don't me. It comes up to his belt back. Exactly. But you know what, father's in the above, there's whole thing. The Marines are never going to get fired because creative faith is the one that makes that decision. Am I correct? Well, let me ask you this. If you try to sell the team, what do you want to do? Wait until it's completely valueless and then try to sell it. I mean, even he's not that stupid. Well, he seems pretty stupid to me because it seems to me there's no, there's nothing you never see him or nobody's ever questioned him. What do you get? There's a guy that got fired from Boston called Pat Burns. I'd love to see that. Right. I told people that last night that he might say they ought to sign up Pat Burns tomorrow and put him behind the bench. Anybody, but you see, I mean, this guy, you know, look at this team and it's like, they're down three to one. There's a buddy, a minute clap. And there's no one's who is he after? They're playing like there's no sense of urgency after just skating around. Don't say you're right. This is a mate. And how Robert Spale can still be on that team? Beats out with screaming at him last night. I'm on some miracle. I can even speak to them. So, horse from screaming. This guy, they should put him on a bus and just hit him on a town of Boston, nowhere. Just pathetic. They got it. So how am I? Okay. And I've been a Lee fan like you forever, but I'll tell you. I still like to, you know, you still like to see your home team. I don't know. Well, of course. And because the film again should go down and see. I find this more excitement sitting there watching the scoreboard in the Lee School out of town that there was a watch on what's going on. Oh, what am I? Three nothing. Lee's baby in Detroit. There you go. Crude Joe, shot out. She's great shot. Well, that's what it sounds like to me. A 29 saves played great. Okay. Have a great day, sir. You start with too much hockey tuck here. It'll be all over. Two worlds for Sunday, one for Yannick Puro. But too much hockey duck. Yeah, talking about stuff and nobody carries about. Don't you understand? We want to talk about important things like the gap. Social security. How come old people can't vote? How come we voted for a Nazi? Things like that. That's what they want to hear about. All these yenters down here. What was that bit I played today about? Oh, was that something about the quits in and of course you're old people? Quits on all the old people of Florida and much off the hook. Amen. And then the real cap or the whole thing. I get somebody living in breathing out of the age of 100. Some punk kid up there at the FSU and tell I have to be on a FSU and the Internet and he's ripping the old out some boring. Just keep yacking on a pound. Maybe something will have to go. What already did Jesus Christ. One dimensional freaking ass town. And it's all happening here. It's all about you. Not about me. I voted right. It's all about you. And I'm sitting here thinking I'm trying to do a little something positive. And the gimbal will go, oh no. I don't know. I was boring. Entertainment is ticklish. Okay. Make this laugh ticklish. Stick your finger in our act and see what a how a dark it is. Oh. Here's a mobile and like words. Hello. Here's a mobile and like words. Hello. Okay. Excuse me. Left of word. George caught me in a quick moment. I've one thing to say about earlier the election. Yeah. Pop them up here in the same over and overbeat and the bush. I'm able to beat the bush and pop me to county. If anybody couldn't see before what was set up to be just they're doing now. They worked as far as they could to the court. And got to know whether I'm just calling a new body of electros because just like his instructions they want. They were bound to be able to steal a vote. And everybody who keeps complaining and saying they'll make up that the bell crash or change the rules and crying now. It's been the same thing since November 7. They just want what you say it in one body or one forum. So enough people to hear it. It's got to be in you and nobody said it like out of guard. It's only making a statement about it. Yeah. I've just your ridiculous. It's at the point now. At least when the election was over we thought of the number 70. You can figure that 50% of the people in the country voted each way. 50% of people that voted. Right. So that then you can figure that one only half the people around your audience. So they voted for Bush. Well now it's up to the 75% range. I'm going to worry. 70% of what what is that? What is that? I'm not going to be able to wait. The way it's going now and more and more. You can people say, oh, of course you just give up and quit whining. Yeah. And instead of it being the fact that he's actually trying to do something for this. Well, I mean, not every I hate to break the issue. You're not everybody's going to agree with you. That's just the way it is. I voted that at the other day when we took the poll last time. You ought to see. I think it's time to get it over with. That's my opinion. Get it over with. You've got a China in Sancten Hell, especially when legislators go to a point Bush electors anyway. They're all poised and ready to put the final deals in the conference. Get it over with already. And I happen to agree by the way with the bread. I don't really read them on lunch and he is a bozo, but the fact is, how in the world now can you just pick out the 9,000 of our all day? Both say, oh, well, we like these. Okay. This is where we're going to find some boats. And there's no credibility there. That's ridiculous. I told you a week ago and I told you a half an hour ago and I'll say it again. If you're going to have any recount, which is way too late, they should have been recounting the entire state. If this is so important and if they really wanted an accurate count, they want an accurate count. No. Now the Bush people like it the way it is, cut it off now because we're heading. We've been ahead, keep trying to cut it off. And the group people want to recount only a certain areas because they've been pretty confident that's going to put them ahead. You can't do that. The only ones who are going to have the accurate count like I told you is going to be the hero or these other news organizations that are going to come in under the Freedom of Information Act. Get ahold of all the ballots from all over the state, do the count. And then months down the road whenever it's going to be there because I guess what here it is. And who knows what it's going to be? I can't tell you what it's going to be. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. I mean, don't you like to see a good fight out there in the oil? What's wrong with you? Isn't that entertaining? No. See a couple of guys rationaling around, remedy to those jersey and watching all these idiots fans in the right. Yeah, filming at the mouth in yellow and in screaming. Uh-huh. Right. That's certainly worth like 50, 60 bucks for a ticket to go see that. No. Not. I think these people have a better time at the cockfight to pay for me. That's probably all the people were last night. Or maybe just fighting with their conscience. 26 after known at 5, 60, WQM. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 5, 60, Q, A, and half. I think that I might not. I believe poor as well as the rich. Women and men alike citizens of every race, create and color all are equal. They are equal. That is, so long as all of their votes choose me. If the people do not in the end, choose me. I would then commit to contest this inaccurate and incomplete count. In order to ensure they choose me, this is America. Recount, after Recount, God bless America. All right. Prop 40, if 5, 60, WQM. Here's how Paul so far. This is our first poll. We'll change it at 1 o'clock to something that somebody might be interested in, which they're not in this. I mean, how could they be interested in this? When a guy like Paul Berkett even put people in the stands, is anybody else going to do it? No. They don't even know who that is. And then the stupid headline in the Sun Channel, Paulvel's policeman on the way, question mark with another Prof. piece about the organization, all this below me by Michael Russo-Bachino-Oject. Do we need Genoa-Oject? Oh, another rule hack, goon. Just what we need. Is that the problem? Paulvel needs a policeman? Oh, what? Oh, how do you guys write this crap? Have any self-respect? I'd like to ask that question. Anybody got an answer? Oh, yeah. We'll get the answer the same day Michael Maywell, Paul Berkett, today, how does that? That's what we get the answer. 156 votes. The Florida Panthers need to fire by in Murray-One, fire Terry Murray-Seven, fire both of the 72, make it greater to eight, don't care about the Panthers at all, 68. So if you take the 68 out of way from 156 is eight to 86, 72 out of 86 to a Panther people say fire both the ranch. I think you like that. I like it. Now let's do it. Let's quit talking about it. Let's do it. Like Martha Washington said, let's do it. Here's Kendall. Hello. Yeah, hello. Two would look cute in the red dress. Yes sir. Hello, Neil? Yes I am. Listen, Neil, up until last night I thought the same way you thought. There was no possible chance we would go to get in. Uh-huh. Now some people before, some time ago, I had a woman that they sent her a water registration part. Yeah. And she was not even a citizen. And she was afraid. You know, so she told me about it. So I told her, I said, just carry it up. Now last night when I was watching the Leon County court, these employees that were in there, whenever test the fire, they were talking like they gave the statements, but the whatever they like it to say, look, if there's anything wrong, I don't know nothing about it. So that's the way to what's talking. Yeah. So I look at that. So what is that? The judge is going to do our 15,000 empty ballots because it didn't. No, no. He doesn't have to tell our 15,000. He can throw out the ones that they had to do the dispute with. Otherwise, you can call in and you can give a number. Do you know how to people get fake IDs? You've got to appoint her. Sir, don't go off on a tangent, please. It's confusing enough already. Don't go off on a tangent about fake IDs. It's too late for that. I know. You're right, Neil. Thank you. FOIA has 4,000 patients involved. I guess those perceptions are. 560, 750, 560, palm 560 on a year, 18T in for rising marvelous long. Let's get to school, go with some fake ID. For speed of that, I see a club at Lannis' is the owner still. He's hanging in there. He's playing hardball. He's hard. You see that first of all, they haven't kicked anybody out under 21. Even though the city of Fort Latterdale said you got to do it. They're not doing it. In addition to which now he's come up with a new scam, he's going to hire the underage crowd to duck the lottery of rule against young customers. It says the new legion of Atlantis employees will be paid $5.15 an hour for one hour each month to distribute flyers critical of city officials. I'm a civic minded individual, my intent is to be the largest employer in South Florida said owner Michael Cannerbrodown, we're just going to grid the entire city. These are young people, obviously, with the establishment and the more excited about it than I am. Cancer is new promotional assistance, will carry employee ID cards, have sexual harassment intervention training, and will necessitate deciding to pay well perks. When they show up at the late night ocean front club, they'll pay a cover charges they always have, but they'll be off duty employees exempt from the law. Vice Mayor Tim Smith, he's an asshole. Says isn't that crazy? Do you think it's crazy? I don't think it's crazy. It's a way to get around an unfair law, a discriminatory law. What do you think, if they had some kind of an establishment, some kind of a restaurant, some kind of a, well, maybe a bar slash restaurant, and they said, well, we're second type of all these old people stealing the sweet and low and drooling all over the table and messing their pants and their bags just spill it over. And we're going to like just ban people over you to the 65, not tip and skipping on the track. How long do you think that would last in this town? About half a second. Do you talk about the great Panthers or the Florida fans? I mean, there'd be a real on the streets. There'd be blood. They'd be squeezing their bags out and thinking of on the streets if they try to pull crap like that. But oh, no, we can discriminate against young people because generally speaking, this is Florida and we hate young people. Not that we dislike them, we hate them like poison. And we're a scared of them. Here's Fort Myers, hello. Hey, man, there's a couple of points about the election that, you know, don't you think it should be illegal that about percent out just to Republicans? Yeah. You know, I mean, they weren't balanced. They were applications you talking about. Yeah, what are they going to be doing next? Going door to door. And, you know, just telling them all, here, just sign on the bottom. Oh, how much? Yeah, bush, those letters he sent are recruiting voters to vote from the comfort of their home. He wasn't sending any letters out to Democrats. And I'm an independent voter and the only thing that I got in the mail was a form stating that my polling place had been moved and for me to be able to vote this year. And of course, I voted two years ago at the same place that I would have to go and come down to the voter registration and fill out all the forms of paperwork, blah, blah, blah. And that was the only way that I was going to be able to vote. And when I initially got that, I was wondering if anyone else got that too, but it was about four or five months before the election. And at that time, I just threw it away because it was kind of a big hassle. And I ended up calling about three weeks before the election. And up to the voter registration, they told me there was no problem. And the polling place had not been moved. And there was no problem. And I was just wondering if any other people that might have got this just, you know, and threw it away. It just thought, well, you know, it's just a big half. I'm not even going to go. No, we were having calls on election day from people who were going to polling places of the ring tool that they were in the wrong place, or that they couldn't vote at a certain precinct, even though they already notified of the change of address. There were more irregularities than there are, the problem with amongst senior citizens in this town in this election. And it's unbelievable. And you know, something, nobody will ever know the answer. Nobody will ever know. It's really ridiculous. The whole thing. Well, good luck to West Bell. Hang on tight. And part of the murders. Okay, fine, I'm already there. You go 85, say, fire, both of them out of 106 who really care about it. I'm the I should advance that. I don't care about the panthers. It a lot, we don't care either. All right, that's going to be our poll question. Well, someday, you care about anything. No, no, seriously, do you care about anything? Yes or no, we don't want to make it complicated. And I guarantee it. There'll be people who say no. Margarity. You care about anything. No, oh. Well, let me just say. Ah. Ah. Great. You'll live a lot longer that way. 22 till 1 at 5. 50 Q AM. This is 560 Q AM. Just in time for Christmas. It's the most dangerous toy on the planet. Daddy, I got a hat one. God, that's a major. Daddy, I wanted it. God, that's a major. It'll break your head. What not, you're right. Break your neck and give you diarrhea for a week to 10 day. Daddy, I wanted it. God, that's a major. Maybe harmful in 12. 143 at 560 WQM. Don't forget George the Saturday is going to be somewhere. Okay, 560. Mommy, you want to get carried away into a whole thing. And I actually have two or two people show up. Food provided by a sea. That's really something when you have free food. Good food too from our buddies. Our and Scott. And Atlantic City, Southern Hollywood. Good food and nobody shows up. But you know, it's a lost cause. Now that's your good friend, Gianni, that keeps doing that to you. Nice going, Gianni. You know, Gianni, he's an asshole. Here's Wellington, hello. Uncle Neil. Yes sir. First of all, I wish you happy holiday. I'm the same to you. And anyway, I'm calling him though a hockey expert, you know, but I probably went to my first Panther game. What was that? And that was Friday night. The Red Wings game. I was in section 125, row seven. Uh huh. Well, these we had some people in there that night, most of them were red wings fans, but we had some. Anyway, it was incredible. I really, really enjoyed myself. I did notice that this. And it was some sort of sluggish in that game. Some sort of sluggish in that game. That's the best game they played in the other than the league game. But that's the best home game they played in a long time. Yeah. And it wasn't that good. Well, I, you know, for the seats I see here, they're running about $60 a ticket here. Uh huh. And you look like you pay $1 for a seat, uh, seat fee. And, uh, with the tax, all that is way out of my league. Yeah. But, uh, I wanted to say it out that I really enjoyed it. It's been, uh, if no one has ever been to again, they must experience it because it was just incredible. Had a great time, had a good fans around me and all that. And, uh, what do you think? Well, I mean, you were lucky. There was, there was a pretty entertaining game. At least, I mean, the red one is really even that good either. I would love it. It was pretty mediocre. But I mean, compared, if you would have been there for the Carolina Game last one, they, or if you would have made a disastrous decision to decide to show up last night, I don't think you'd be saying the same thing. You'd be saying, I want to refund. Well, I was for, for the first time, I was just, it was just incredible. I really enjoyed it. And, uh, one thing I want to tell people who go for the first time, make sure you bring a sweater. Yeah. Yeah, it was, I was free to my phone call. And a book in the flashlight. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, I've been traveling for years to get people to come out, especially when the crowds are doing their life for you. But I'm not going to do that anymore, because I can't do it in good conscience. I can't tell you to go and spend that kind of money and come out in the night after night after night. And I see what we saw on it. This is like two years ago, was the same thing. Karma, Karma City. And he will only play teams that girls teams like Atlanta and the islanders, you think, okay, we're going to go out there and kick some ass at least a little bit exciting. Pick on some little girls there and then they'll get their ass kicked. It's a disaster. It's a disaster of if you care about it, even minimally, it's a disaster of humongous proportions. And yet nobody seems to understand it, which is why these people who ship it out in a long time ago are still employed. Still seeing a paycheck, like a lot of people around here. All I guess it was up in our box less than the QM box. Gary Sarner was up there and so I don't want to say, I don't even know the guy's name, but somebody came down, I guess one of our sponsors is a somebody who's a fan of this show. And he said, oh Gary Sarner's up there and your QM box has said, yeah, he said you're right. He said, he's an asshole. Here's a Davy. Hello. Adial. Yes sir. I can't agree with you that Gore should give up now. I mean, I think it's important that he's far as long as he has. Yeah. I got the good fight. Well, I want point you to give up. Well, there's what's the date? What's the date? That's a good question. But I didn't have the list of opinions says. I mean, as far as the state's spring court said, friend of what the reasoning is either way. But the right now, we didn't really, I don't think the people, I don't know if they still do, understand or understood before that there's really no right to vote with respect to the presidency. There is no such right and not only there are no such right, but there's actually a constitutional guarantee that there will never be a right in that regard that can't be taken away. That the state legislature is the sole body that basically controls all these things. And I think it's important that people understand that that issue be flushed out. And it's interesting. I mean, when you, when you complain that everybody in the whole state should have their vote recounted, I don't really disagree with you in terms of equity like that would be the right thing to do. But according to the Supreme Court's opinion, their last opinion, they pretty much said that what's right doesn't really matter. The only thing that matters is what the law says. What the legislature said in the legislature, you didn't say anything about it. It's like a recount. So in other words, if Greg can go and steal a election now, if he can, if his lawyers can go in there in Fonega and get the no one account, those 9,000 votes or 14,000 votes, and if he can equal hit by 100 or 200 votes in that amount, then that's going to make people happy, and that's the way we ought to do it. But what you say, I would have, but I'm saying, I mean, even if we are all of us, grow people, we're not going to bush for trying to steal a election. Look, can I say something? Yes, I'm trying to run out of the clock. And what you're saying is, well, it just a matter of legal technicality. If Gorkon steal us and he ought to steal it. Well, I'm not sure. That's not exactly what I'm really saying is that in reality, more people really did vote for Gork for a lot of different reasons. I mean, in West Palm Beach, and in Seminole County, if the Democrats have been, but would it have the same advantages to the Republicans that, and all the rest, there were a lot of basic issues of unfairness. Well, it's a good thing. And it's Gorkon getting the majority of the vote. That way, to me, an unfairness like the people of order for Buchanan. And I think that the ballot was illegal, but the Supreme Court said it wasn't illegal. And because courts aren't going to throw out elections that almost never happened. Right. I'm not really disagree with that, but what I'm saying is, I'm the merits in terms of what the people of Florida really wanted, the majority of people that went to vote really did go there to vote for Gork. Yeah, well, you can't have results of elections based on, uh, on, uh, I agree. I'm also going to tell you, bringing experts like Kia Triss. We've already had the statisticians now, let's bring in some mine readers and terocard readers and have them read the minds of the electorate in the side of what they really wanted. You can't decide an election now. Well, you know that. So what you're saying is that we should decide the election based on the law. And if we're going to decide the election based on the law, then we've got to do it right. You know, we've got to, we have to follow it through all the way. What you're saying is that maybe illegal technicality, the results and Gork winning the election. But at least he'll win on a technicality and he'll win on the merits too, because he should have been elected anyways. Well, I think if we went out of good Canada, he probably would have won. I completely agree. I didn't vote for him either. Yeah. I mean, you know, you used to yell at me a lot about that, but, you know, he probably can hang up coming down. No one won. Well, because you didn't vote for Gork? Yeah, I wouldn't vote. I mean, I couldn't vote for him. I couldn't, I couldn't make myself vote for him, even though I can't stand. I had to take a very, I'm in the morning of election day just to get me stuff to go into. Okay, good luck to watch. Thanks. We're going to hang up on him because he didn't vote for Gork. It talked to all kinds of people over your vote for Gork. Even one or two voters were bush. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the 18 and to this David boys. He's getting that my nerve. That'll let him. I like the guy from the Jewish guy from what was named that was up there in Seminal County, I can't think of his name again. When they ran against the Rosanna Dan, he's good. And the other one I liked was the guy that was also up there in the judge, a Saul's court. They got to look like Bob Eisenberg with a better hairdo. You know the one I'm talking, I'm going to watch that. Yeah, I don't know. He was great. He wasn't taken any crap. See, what I think very Richard did this morning and from the Florida Supreme Court, and I'm no expert. But I think that when you're having oral arguments in front of the US Supreme Court or any states of Supreme Court, you don't go to tell Hassee and talk to a bunch of guys like that like that. So good thing for that, Mo Green was none that panel. He wasn't arguing. He was lecturing. He kept lecturing them. And he was, uh, I thought going to, he was on a verge of losing it a couple of times. Not that that's going to make any difference, but I just thought that his on beyond is all the quorum spunk. And in addition to which, how come he won't really tell us we voted for? Come on, Barry. We know who you voted for. Rimes with. Okay, thanks. You very much. We're going to send you to tell a handshi and you in the, the guy that kid that called before. You can have a two way with yourselves. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Good one. Oh, that was Brimory's boyfriend on the phone. Oh, oh. Here's Margie. Hello. Yeah, I'm a Neil Rogers. Yes, sir. Okay. I have to be listening to nice night to, uh, how can and look on the late night? What are you able to want? Well, how can and slick. And they were all, um, that when they, what are you taught? What is that? A law firm? No, no, the how can and shnick? How can and slick with the, um, people from the, uh, from the, um, Martin County, uh, Republican. Yeah. And then when they were being questioned, they all have a, um, loss of memory. And then they also said they did not know the law that it was against the law to, uh, tamper with a galluch to change them. Uh, well, now we'll wait, wait, another, they're now all the sudden they were tampering with a balance that we could do with a ballerick quest. Oh, they didn't know that with the applications, but the applications, they took the ballerick, uh, well, no allegations of anybody tampering with a balance. Yeah. No, they took the ballerick quest home. Right. The change the numbers. Right. Okay. They all pleaded that they didn't know it was a violation of the law. Yeah. I had a number. It did nine months for, uh, for excepting two years. I did somebody gave him. All right. You didn't know the law. Right. That's right. You're supposed to be a little bit better than jail. Uh-huh. And ignorance and no excuse. I'll let the law say the most of the colors. Right. Right. And uh, this is just an extension of uh, the second, second, the term that the old people. Okay. Well, thank you because I'm getting an over my, uh, IBS and my, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, it's coming back again. No, it is. And I grew it in my auditor, from listening to that voice. No, is there actually getting an, uh, agitated? Man, oh, man, if he could just have one good explosive, B. M. Man, or he saved B. M. See it on my mind. Let's get those buttons ready again. One free chore, B. M. and T. M. Five six seven. Oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's a mobile in Weston. Hello. Yeah. How you doing? Okay. First time call it. Um, what did you think about after all this is done? The next election when coolers going to run against Bush again. That's going to be the one voice. Not going to run again. It was the Chinaman chance. That's going to happen. Uh, that'd be like a focus. I think that he's playing all this out to do anything. I just say register. Did you hear it? We got a bad connection. Gore's not going to be the Democratic candidate in 2004. There was many chance of that. Yeah. Well, if he if he loses, I mean, if by some work, he won, of course, that would be different. But if he if Bush wins, Gore's not going to run against him again. Okay. Well, what do you take now with a JW get in and, uh, K. Bush is the governor. Wouldn't it be better for Florida? Since he's the president and governor's, uh, K. Oh, yeah. Yeah. You know what's going to be better for Florida in two years when we elect a new governor? That's what's going to be better for a Florida. Yeah. Five six seven. I've noticed call from LA and I can only be is is the same person that call is. Is this the same person we've talked to twice already this week from LA? No, I'm not the same person. Yeah. I just wanted to say I think the ballot reason why Gore has lost it, as you say and I believe that he has lost it's because they sent alien back to Cuba. Yeah. That was a big mistake. They know that cost him a lot of time. Persona Carter earlier, we could probably not in LA and probably in the said the same thing he did a couple of days ago. We're not interested in alien. Okay. I don't give a flying crap about alien. Happy birthday to him yesterday. And that's it. And I hope he enjoys his happy meal. I want to have him like I totally during the midst of what it was going on. Alien Gonzalez doesn't know about to a goddamn pee hole in the snow. Okay. It wasn't an important story then. It's not an important story now. Just like the five year old boy that's over there with his mother that ran off 150 grand for some reason. Evidently they decided that wasn't important story. There is nobody talking about that. And people vote for all kinds of reasons. And if you were expecting, if Al Gore would all have his stupid pandering when I craft about, well, I think it should have been in the family course with that garbage. And by sending a jewelry ribbon down, a jewelry ribbon to Jorge Moss's tombstone and the stand there and crack crocodile tears. If that was going to have any influence of the then Cuban community in San Florida, then I got some very cheap old stale, uh, a holiday set. Wasn't going to work then and it didn't work. So if you want to start doing your Cuban bashing, first of all, go keep telling us you're calling from LA number one. Number two, find someplace else to find a station at Sandy Peyton's. Okay. Like W. O. F. 5. 567.0560. Pond 560 on the AT&T. All right. We did have a point. 1250. So I would say he did have a point. Just because you know, it doesn't make a lot of Cuban haters out there feel, but it always takes that squeeze them so they're, oh yeah. Well, whatever you like. Okay. Whatever group you want to hate today because it is out Florida, it is the state of hate. Then that going ahead feel better about it because you got nothing else to do down here. Maybe we should preface that poll question. Other than hate, do you care about anything? Okay. Here it is out. Let me give you the result of this poll, which was a waste of time. But I just went in for my own satisfaction. The Florida passes need to fire bribery to fire Terry Murray eight, make a trader to 13 right. Fire both Murray's 109 and I don't care about the Panthers 87. Okay. Let's get rid of that poller because like I said, it was a waste of time. Here's our poll for today and tonight. Do you think the Florida Supreme Court will order a recount of any votes? Yes? No. Or I don't care anymore. Well, we got to stuck even the indifferent people recently get on there. Sir, I told you my goddamn crap was coming back. My, I'm good. Hey, it's 1256 and 560 W to come. 430 560 W to M by M for Loderdale. A measly blackout group station. W to M dot com for the world. To M 200 harry friend. United criminal wicked andCraster and Daesherd. Tony. begun a fewv royalty is has 14. I lost my mother to give I!" Out of every lady home, and when a got excited, it stuck out way past his nose. All of the old reindeer wanted water to sweat wouldn't go. Turns out that moody's organ was getting stuck in the snow. Then one foggy, this was seen with the pants of the sea. And one with your two so long, won't you drive me home now? No, all of the reindeer hate him. He's the favorite one, because... ...good off the well hung reindeer. Get to bang Mrs. Moward. Oh, right. 102560, W2M. Here's another one of the usual ridiculous facts. Just wanted to let you know if you didn't know already, Mario and Newsreet turned right to the penguin this month. Didn't I just a little while ago get your reading that thing on the... Yeah. 560, 5050, Pound. I mean, what's the use, you know? Are they listening? No. They're listening about as much as what I'm talking to these people on the phone. So I'm saying, trying to get a word in eggs wise, just at least to make it look good. Like I'm paying attention to whatever's coming out of their purse, but it doesn't work. They don't care. They're not listening. Here's a mobile and a Fort Waterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. This is not mobile. Here's a stationary and Fort Waterdale. There we go. Real quick. Did you hear the hom job offer? It was made to Al Gore if he when he did not get the president's seat. What is that, sir? He's offered to work at KAPC. I believe in Los Angeles. Yeah. And he's with one of your favorite people. Al, that's your... That'll make you do quick. I thought you'd find that interest. Good boring people. And then you'll figure out that Michael Jackson's work on there that British guy. I don't know. Three boring people. There we go. Okay. Thanks, sir. Good news. Thanks. Oh, boy, that's your get some good ratings, huh? No. 560, 50560, Pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's the model of Carl Springs, hello? Hey, hello. Yes, sir. I'm sorry. Don't be so long-time listener. First-time column deal. Hello. Good news to you about 10 years. About the Panthers. I haven't seen him take a hold of her. And I've been sitting 61 21. I've seen you across the way. You're 102, right? That is correct. Whatever it is. I want to warn you. Yeah. I'm at the Rove, anyway. Don't you think that last year the playoffs, they played poorly. They're poorly. Last year. Yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah. I'm saying this, I mean, it's just in the same spot as a carryover from last year that have no desire. I don't think it has anything to do with last year. I don't think a team plays the whole season the way they played for four games. They got swept away, played four games in the playoffs. I don't think one has got anything to do with the other. I think this team suffers from a rack of talent. I keep telling people that you look at the roster. Look at the people on there. They traded away a 30-year-old score who played last night in stuck the impenetra in their dead salt to into the wound. Mark Perish and they didn't replace him with anybody. Only yoke and ended joke. Yeah. Well, I can agree with that. But I think it's a... Go ahead. I'm... It gets damn discouraging. No, it's kind of money to go and see. And I'm... I don't know. I don't know. I agree with the... I don't blame people for not paying money. I'll see that last night I'll say it again. They should've been given a refund sound. No, I agree with you. That you got 6,000 seats, you know. You know. Empty, I'm just... I don't know. Like you said, it's a bush leak town. I don't know. Okay. Well, let me get that to make some of that. I don't know. Okay. Well, let me get that to make some of that. Okay. Ha ha ha ha ha. Woo! What I really meant was... Aaaaah! 560, 50560, palm 560. On the 18-T got all lots and lots of open lines here now. Lots of lines. How's the pull coming so far the new one? You think the Florida Supreme Court will order a recount of any votes? Yes, three. But no. Yeah. Yeah. Including me. I voted no. Here's plantation, hello. Hello? Yes. I want to know. Why is it that nobody has brought up the subject? What's his name? The presidential candidate with Bush, Cheney. He's not really in Missouri or is it? Wyoming. And that he was not able to go only in Texas. And I thought the president and the vice president of the presidential candidate. Well, let me ask you those questions. What difference does that make now? Because it's against a law. You mean, like Hillary Clinton living in New York? She is a legal resident of New York. Yeah. Well, I'm sure he's got a legal residence in New York. Oh, I believe he was turned down today. Well, what difference does it make? Because then they shouldn't be able to run. Okay. Why can't run too fast? Anyways, got a bad heart. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Oh, God. Say it again. Ah! I feel so much better every time I play that. I'm just going to do that for four hours one day. Get out of my system. I bet you all the grue, the IVS and all those vanishes. You just floats right out like an internal exorcism. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Seminole County, Bellatroc, closing arguments. Soon. Here's a lady in Naples. Hello. Hi. Yes, ma'am. I just want to know how come nobody ever put the dots together for these Republicans and Dave County. They went to a wrong website about the citrus trees being cut down and how they never put it on. Together and said, oh, yeah, Republican governor. Brother and Republican candidates. They're stupid. They don't get it. These are the same people, or at least some of them. They're always screaming about the Cubans and about the fedell. But when it comes politically, man, they're all jumping to the ground together. That's like, God put two and two together already. They're not giving them too much credit. And then the other thing is, well, somebody please find us a white version of Jesse Jackson and send him to call your county. The only one that can be the only one we need to make. No, seriously, because there was like, nature, episodes of voter disenfranchisement over here. Oddly enough, they were all Democrats. Right. We registered under the motor motor wall. The coincidence. Yeah, just a coincidence. Sure. I'm not going to let you know. Nothing to do with the outcome of the election. And don't forget, if it doesn't fit your foolishment. That's exactly. Thank you. Bye bye. Look at that mountain valley water. Just brought us in a whole crap load of great stuff. Great water. Thank you. Got better America. Great. See now we're starting to get back on the right track. Yeah, we're getting some water. We're going to start holding our water and got in those. What's going to happen next? Look at that. Gee, there's enough there to sink a battleship. Probably somebody will steal that just like they stole my car. Or like the other. We're not going to, we'll have a special mark on the bottle that we make. Yeah, we're going to start to take care of some of these bastards in this building. Keep stealing the crap like my hurricane. And we'd like two scoops out there. And the whole can was sitting there. And I come in this morning. It's gone. Yeah. We're going to start putting like some real interesting crap underline that you see in that. Well, you know, there's a lot on here. We're going to start leaving some bait. Those water bottles are already green. Yeah. So scourge court. Got only knows what's going to be. In fact, the girls are working on film some of them right now. Look at that. 560-5050-560. Thank you, sir. And God bless America like I said. Because at the end of the speech, you always have to say that's what the politicians say. God bless America. Anybody in person by that? Not only a bunch of Yahoo's and more on, which I think I'm being redundant now. And I got both modern-falli water company. I love those folks. I could all buddy Bob Levin. And the new guys, which I don't remember what they're name. Whatever they are, whoever they are, we love them. Good stuff from hot spring. Arkansas. We like anything from Arkansas. Baba, hot springs. I'm out in Valley Water. In fact, you know, you probably read that a lot of the celebrities, a lot of movie stars and the people when they go like on location and film movies, they go on vacations. They have mountain valley waters shipped in and they're sweet. Yeah, no. Why didn't do? I don't want to mention that Michael Jackson is one of those people, but well, he can hold his water and probably he or she too, but you're too old. The Neil Roger show sports radio. 560. You a half. Okay, I bet you thought this was something important to you, is probably right? No, well, maybe it is. Oh, that's not how it is in it. Not you see. Yeah. No. It's a catalog from the Heaven Turymal. Oh. And a bunch of holiday gift checks. This constant. Mmm. Well, thank you very much, Heaven Turymal. Isn't it good? Uh huh. I give it a good catalog. Oh, I don't know. You want it? Yeah. I got a shop. Okay, there you go. Thank you, Heaven Turymal. I thought was something good. I mean, thank you very much. All we did get to good mountain valley walk. I got some very important stuff here. All the ways the second page of this. God dang. Well, the second, third and fourth page, the hasn't come over yet. Depositions released in the seminal case revealed new evidence of intentional fraud. Many of the 2100. Now, if this was online tonight, well, I was at the game and I wasn't aware of it and haven't read a hert about it, which I don't know why. How come nobody's called about this today? Probably because most of our two busy go in. Like that. Many of the 2126 voter ID numbers, the GOP operative Michael Leach illegally edited a GOP Fz and the battle request proved to be incorrect. Elections office staff members stated under oath that supervisor Gordon Strickett then works at all requests forms filled in by Leach. Whether the voter ID number was correct or incorrect. This from a journalist in the courtroom pending final confirmation with documents in hand. In contrast, trial testimony established that Gordon had repeatedly and publicly stated a policy that no absentee ballot request would be accepted without the voter ID filled in by the voter family member or guardian is required by Florida law. The defense did not contest that GOP operative Michael Leach worked 15 to 21 days unsupervised in the seminal election offices adding voter IDs to 2,126 GOP mail absentee ballot form requests. Gordon had her staff separate those from the others, which went to the discard pile. Gordon had stated under oath that she didn't know either the GOP official or first caller or the people working with Leach but played a finger to one deposition covering both those assertion which is why she's probably going to want to jail and maybe this guy too. So how do you like that? So maybe there is a chance. Like I said, don't give up now, Al. How come nobody told us about this? You know, you could sit here for like 20 hours and thanks to whatever facts this to me. Thank you, God bless America. Also, here's a very interesting facts. Which I won't use the name of the person because I value his life and I'm sure he does too. I heard you mentioned Jerry Richmond yesterday and thought he'd appreciate to following. Upon the opening of the Claude Pepper seat he died. He was in a runoff against the Rosario Kennedy for the Democratic ticket. Kennedy, plainly, appeasing to the Cuban vote, was doing very little else outside of her environment. Richmond seized the opportunity by claiming in one of his speeches that he wasn't just for the Cuban community but for the entire community. Rosario twisted his words to be understood as anti-Cuban. Upon her loss to Richmond she refused to endorse him for this reason. Upon which the Republican bitch, Iliana Ross, Rosana Dana, seeing the opportunity to exploit this issue, picked up where Rosario left off for the same rhetoric. My Cuban mother and I volunteered for his campaign. We received bomb threats and hate calls in Spanish. We were the only Latinos in his office. Richmond received worse death threats and even a man who was apprehended in Richmond in his family on election day, and was carrying a gun. Needless to say, the bitch won Richmond might have to self-impose exile more than likely to be forgotten. Another example of man too good for the job of public office, especially in South Florida. How do you like that? God. Yep, maybe that's why the mad dog keeps saying that same thing. What a hell of a thing. I can't even close to him yet. He's on your somewhere. What does it he said? Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. Okay, somebody you filled me on the similar account of case, but that's okay. They're cool. 560, 560, Pomp 560, only 1810, Verizon Wireless Line. 27 votes so far. You think the Florida Supreme Coral Order, we count of any votes. 30, no. 12, yes. 5, I just don't give a crap anymore. They don't care. Mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Yeah, hi, me, I'm here. Yes, sir. Yeah, a long-conlars winner, first time caller. Okay. One of your local networks came out with something interesting, it's something interesting. In the worst scenario, as it's leaning towards, the Miami Herald will have a complete unofficial recap. And I thought maybe on the day of this man's inauguration, I'll be a nice little gift to tell him, we just inaugurated the rock president. You're saying, we'll come out with an official count since the ballots are public with the record. Right. And then, I was going back to grade school and I remember what that teacher once told me anybody could become president. And unfortunately now, looking at the quality of this gentleman, she was right. Especially if he's warm with a silver spoon up there. Yeah, that helps. Okay, good luck to us, pal. Thank you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, plenty of open lines. 5, 5, 6, the only AT&T line out of town line is open. 8, 7, 8, 10, 10, 10. 8, 8, 10, 10. 9, 9, 10, 10, 10, 10. 10, 10, 10. 5, 0, 5, 60, plenty of open lines. 5, 5, 60, on a AT&T line out of town line is open. 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 6, 3, 4, 45. Mobile and plantation. Hey, oh. Yes, sir. Neil, what the dog's ultramus really need. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 5, 6, the only AT&T line like I just said. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm just wondering, I've actually calling about the Murray. I'm from Detroit. But I moved came down here for school and I have to say, I feel sorry for the panthers because Brian Murray took the wings nowhere. We reached one level with them and that's going to happen to them. And this is what amazing work, great success they had after he left after they knew his ass out. Yeah, and you know, when the panthers didn't have them, they were contenders, you know? Right. And of course, I mean, as soon as they were contenders, they happened to lose other players, but nothing's happening. They were contenders without Brian Murray? What day? No, oh, they weren't. No, Bobby Clark, you mean when they had those Roger Nielsen teams, no. Yeah. No. Okay, I have a great day, sir. Do it again, come on. Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! Much better. 560560, palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello, I'm Mike. What a good. All right. Listen, it couldn't get worse. That's what we thought. Now the whole world knows we love photo front. Florida, or what a shame. The keybids are happy and can't even pronounce his name. Booch. Booch. That's their battle cry. I can't wait to the day I say five, five, five. All right. All right, Niel, take care. Okay, I should take care of you, me, this bell, nice job. Is that what? That's Hispanic law equipment. I'm going, okay, put it away. It looked pretty interesting. Folded back up. 560, palm 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. There's that expert on there. He's been under like 25 hours a day on CNN and really, he's been going. That it may affect the actual, he'll pass down on the AT&T. He just borrows the hell out of me. He's killing me. Here's Hollywood. Hello. There's no CNN with us. Yeah, he's the hang of that with the Indians. Okay. Oh, yeah, it's bigger than the Indian. Seminal Indian casino is closed on Christmas day. So I did get one thing right today. Thank you very much. It is closed on Christmas day. But every other day of your life, even on the Shibuist. See, we do strive for a little bit of back recede. Spread of ourselves the Bramun because, you know, tomorrow's right down. They couldn't care. If there's money on the table, we'll take it. Just give us your F and money and the town don't get in the way. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach, hello. How you doing, Niel? Great. A couple of things. First of all, with the Murray situation, I mean, if they if they're gold, don't They both have to go. I mean, I don't see how one can go without the other. I agree. That's, I think they both are a package deal. Right. And I think this team, what they need really is a coach GM one and the same person. I think that turns on. I don't know about our firms, but I think that's what they need. Because I think the guy you play for and the guy that's going to pay you, I think that shake shut a little bit. Anyway. But, and the other point I want to make it about the election. It's, it's really starting to get old and it's starting to get boring. But, you know, you start to hear a lot of comments from people about isn't it going to be great when they count the votes, how we can, you know, show many, not the president and show this and show that. I just don't know what point it makes. You know, I mean, it both exhausting all of their legal in big quotes, ways of doing things. And people with whatever the end result is, it is. I mean, and I don't think it gives us a right. That's the point to go around now, making fun of the guy if he's the president. No, I know. I don't care if they count the votes or not, I'm still going to make fun of him. So I don't care what they can. Well, that's great to get that point. I mean, because you're not changing. But I think people let us say, no, I can't wait for it to count the votes. And, you know, I'm still going to be the president of the country. And I think he, uh, the president of the second amount of respect. No. Thanks, Neil. Okay, thanks. Oh, of course not. What is that? So people say, oh, you've got to respect your parents. Well, if your parents are assholes. Oh, my god. My favorite one here in South Florida. You've got to respect your elders. I mean, if there's any place in the world, or if that statement is totally unacceptable, it's down here. It's making my life a way. Oh, I got to respect the old people because someday you'll be old to it. Just because somebody was lucky enough to live a long time and ever got rid of a by a freight train. Does that mean you should respect them? No. That gives them an excuse to be crotchety. Yeah. And nasty and a, a hateful and hostile and to be yenters and stick their nose and everybody else has got them business. And to hate young people. All these idiotic cliches. You see, I know this is very, very difficult for a lot of people who accept life isn't a cliché. I don't know not to post the even go there. But don't even go there, George. No, okay. That's why I'm back from there. Did you? How was it? Yeah. So I read that thing about the, uh, uh, voter fraud signal count. I guess nobody here paid any attention to it. I thought I was the only one to pay game last time. It sure looked like it. Maybe a handful of others. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, what's calling out? I didn't know it was on here. Um, sounds just like you. I can't talk about the election, but they've talked about old people. I, if somebody had to be fine, do you know, you have to respect your old, that's fine. No, you know, why, why is that? Why should you respect your olders necessarily? No, I'm saying it. Why should you respect people if they're nice people, if they deserve you respect five, respect them if they're much and all of them to them. Just through the M. People, like you have to respect your old, what is the parent's laugh? Right. Right. And I can be anybody's situation. And about the election, I don't know. I don't know how to laugh. Send on loudness, papers, people are talking about it. People are greeting the TV sets. It's just a good hustle. You know, and if you put it off, you'll see, you know, you want the election whoever would. These still are for in square. No, I'm not for in square. No, no, you didn't. You didn't. You stole the parents. Oh, no, for sure. Yeah. For sure. That's what has to do with the show. We've got to put it with the director for four years. Yeah, we'll survive. Hey, and you know what? He'll be out for president. Okay. I'll see you at the track. Have a good one. Bye bye. Whatever that means. Early on for president. Let's talk about early on again. What do you say? Come on. Good all those old cubins all whipped up again. Let's get the whip up. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We were alien. We were, we were Cuba. Oh, geez. You know, this. See, a lot of people over the years that's all it's new. You'll see, new of this makes this stuff up. He's a sour guy and he's negative and he's just, why can't we have somebody more positive on the area? Right. I only risked at this where the tropical paradise that it could be with the right people. But of course, it's not. Got all the beautiful palm trees in the ocean and the bay and all of this stuff. All of these things. And about 75% of the people here are assholes. Now, if you let me pick who can stay and who has to leave, I promise you this is my pledge as your... I'll call! I pledge you that within six months this would be paradise. You'd be loving it. Those who would be still here. 26 past one and five, what? What was that? Just somebody running on the hall, y'all. Again. Oh, yeah? Go! I want to bang you in the broad honey. I'm dreaming of a white neighbor. Just like the one that I used to know. Where the longs were trimmed and cars had rims towards me. So very long ago. I dream of a white neighbor. With every thought she'll sign I'd run. There your days be buried and dried. And me. What happens was a practical matter. Well, she says, first the person was there one or two days. Ten on deposition, I'd get her to say, when it was long as nine or ten days. She says, possibly. Then we deposed Mr. Leach. Mr. Leach says, at least fifteen days. Nine. And then we go ahead and we get deposed. They're employees and one of their employees says, three weeks. Mr. Masiano says, this estimate was that Mr. Leach was actually there for three weeks. They send her Leach comes in. I'm sorry. This is Gord comes in and she says, that with regard to the people that were there, first of all, I don't know who called me. Well, but we'd refer you to honor too. The excerpt of deposition that everyone agreed to be put in for Mr. Spelling. Now, Mr. Spelling is vice chair of the Republican Party of Florida. And. These are closing argument. And then. The right. I'll read some. It'll read from his very short. The page 25 lines 11 through 24. Because what was bothering us is, what's the, who is this person? In the teaching have knowledge if you're the person was, it didn't make sense when she said, I just don't know who the person is. I don't remember who this unidentified person is, but I go ahead and I do it. Mr. Stelling testify. Question. When you say that Mrs. Gordon told you that Mr. Schneck was the one who called her. Is that. She mentioned his name that he was the one who called her. Answer actually. I know when that was now. Question when was it answer. That was him here when hearing. That's referring to Harry Jacobs. Plainer was question in your advocacy for reading the Jacobs question. What happened at that time? Answer. She said that she did not call anybody. Question. She said she got a call for Mr. Schneck. Answer. Yes. She did. Because she wanted to know how she found out and that's what she answered. Question. And she specifically identified Mr. Schneck. Answer. Yes. She did. Now that we have a sudden loss of memory when her deposition is taken just a couple of weeks later. I'll say again that bitch is going to jail. There's on it. A couple of other excerpts relating directly to Mr. Schneck. Forg in volume two of her deposition, it lines. A page 19 line 8 through 17. Question. And you don't know how many days the other person came in. You can't get the correct answer. Correct. Question. And you told this earlier. You don't recall the name of the other person. And just have given us a very limited description. Correct. Answer. Yes. Question. Do you know why did that other person work for the Republican Party? Answer. No, I don't. But then you have to test the line. I can't stand that for that. Yeah. From the excerpt. Mr. Leach. And what does Mr. Leach say on that exact same issue? It page 49. Line 17 through 23. Question. Did you ever introduce to her or identified her either of the two other people that you mentioned? The other regional directors who are here. Brief periods of time according to your testimony. Answer. She nods. Both Wally and Carlos. From what I understand personally. Question. So she would know both of these people who came into the back to assist you. Answer. That's correct. Question. She would have been aware of the fact that they were here to assist you at the time they were here. Answer. Answer. Question. Did you ever speak with either or when they came in? Answer. Not when they walked in the door. Question. But at any time? Answer. If she would come into the back she would initial pleasantries. Hello. How are you? Question. So she clearly knew where they were. Answer. Clearly. In the page 49. A NINAS also a question. And did Sandra Gord by the way in regard to the two gentlemen you mentioned? I believe Carlos and what is it? Answer. Question. Will they refer to them by name when they were here? Answer. For what I'm remembered? Yes. I'm down. Following up on that, she's got basically the cover up. She doesn't want to tell us who the people are. She doesn't want to tell us who from the party called her. She's got to admit from somebody from the party did it because she's got to cover herself as to why she went ahead and did it at all. Now go to the next part. The party. Now we know that it's Mr. Schneck who called. And we know that it's Mr. Schneck sends in Mr. Leach. And what is Mr. Leach though? For Mr. Leach's deposition. And this is so instructive in terms of what the party is doing in controlling this process and taking over and affect the public office. You said, you're going to start with the integrity of the process. At page 20. At line. The beginning basically about the line. I don't have the actual numbers in here, but page 20 line four through page 21 line one is the excerpt. Question. This is in the context of where he is talking to Mr. Schneck about coming down to do the work. Question. From your head you spoke at the him before in terms of knowing how experienced he is referring to Mr. Schneck with regard to the law involving elections answer. I have full faith in confidence and touch disabilities regarding the law and elections. He's been in politics for a long time. Question. So you just did whatever it is he told you to do in effect answer. I'm a military man. I follow orders. The orders in this case would violate the law. How do you like that, huh? I think. What I tell you about your old Richmond. This is the best attorney we've seen. I need to side by a million miles. It also makes me want to cry. When I said here and I think that because it's years ago because she's been in there for a coup on the G. That Iliana Gross was in it. But a brilliant man like this. I mean brilliant. Who ought to be representing South Florida in Congress. Roses to a fix like that. Iliana. Handering disgusting one dimensional bitch. And that and you think people ought to be going to vote. You know, this is that look pretty damn bad for Bush. I think that's we got a Bush in the hand and ace in the hole. Back though, if you ask me. Yeah. That's our ace hole right there is that Semitable County thing. Because I think at the very least he's got a good shot of throwing out those 2100 votes. Wouldn't that be something? And now haven't I said all along that he ought to hang in there? No. No. I'm not one of those quitters. One was week. The. Oh, I said that. Well. See he's a better man than I am that's freaking the boring algorithm. I was exciting or as enthusiastic or as emotional. I got nevertheless he's got the big pair. Even if he is well, he is what he is. 21 before two and five 60 WK likes Vincent. He is what he is. Well. The Neil Roger show sports radio five 60's. You. A. And. And. And. And. And. Someday you'll be dead. A. A. And. Someday we'll all be dead. Oh. And. The minute we're born we start dying. We die a little more every day. Young the old richer poor does nothing we can do to stop it. So it's a long yet bad Christmas tree. It may be the last one that you see. There could be your house in green and red because someday you'll be dead. I'll dead. Day. Day. Someday you'll be dead. Day. Day. Someday we'll all be dead. This mic has been known as a couple months. God's it is from now. But no matter when it happens it will turn to sin to you. So we should all Christmas Eve and his uncle there to throw away. That they thank God for your family because someday they'll be dead. Day. Day. Day. Someday they'll be dead. Day. Day. Someday we'll all be dead. Who knows how many Christmas will those last in their short life? Nobody knows that's my point. Enjoy the world you can. And someone who's with more than that good time you'll feel more better. What a festive season. Someday you'll be dead. Oh, day. Day. Someday we'll be dead. Day. Day. As we won't know, day. Oh, day. Merry Christmas to you. Day. Merry Christmas. Merry Christmas. 146. 560. WCM. Happy holidays from all the going over here. Where we going? Let's take a call from Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I got a question. What are these news people going to do after this is over with? Are they all going to be out of work? Mother going to hope old Jake Hill somebody again again. Sure. Get a 92's here this time. Or probably they look for like another truck to follow down the turn by the time. Yeah, something to find another rider truck. All right. Okay. Good luck to us. But yeah, that's right. They're crazy. And I got to have something to get his terrible abongie. You all whipped up above. 567. I'm always sitting in the house. WCM. Because he's talking right down there. I'll watch it in anyone. Be enough. Have a nice day. Can I have a little action? I think that that alone thing I think of it. But it could be. It's a mean. I think you could put a little on the one next to the bottle. We're on the next question. And if you're pretty much. I think that people from all other parts of this. Uh, I think. And the question world down to is with the unfettered accent. Redwood's family. Public hymns. The Democrat. So whatever else is it the unfettered accent. unfettered accent. The vendors. The process. So compromised. Then I can't give it a sense. Or the better access to one party. Yes. But even if everybody had access. I think which you probably have to say is you've got a really sloppy neighborhood of supervisor and you probably have to go more. But you said, here that anybody comes in. That's been sloppy and negligent. And that's not in the issue before that exactly the point. That's why I said this is intentional. I'm doing it. And to intentionally business. She even testified. It is I was told that nobody's probably going to be in. Would be sure for us. For these people. I think she's going to jail. I really do. That's fucking bitch. Yeah. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I want to people aren't going to like this. Okay. That's okay. We like that. Society is becoming more and more like the old Soviet Union. Yeah. Where we have party members and non-party members. Party members being the, I have mysterious electoral college. Yeah. And the non-party members being the rest of us who have to live with whatever their decisions might be. Well, since you say that, let me ask you this. Are you now or have you ever been a, Oh, I'm a rocker tour. Yeah. I'm glad I'm getting the same flag as you do when I complain about the election and say things like if this were held in any country in South or Central America. Maybe it's an honor. I'm not going to be a public. I look at those guys like those elections in Haiti man. Another damn banana republic. And people say to me if I wish for Bush, would I still be complaining? I say the answer is yeah, but because it's a crooked freaking election that can embarrass many of you. These people are so partisan that they support this kind of a process. So this is the way it's supposed to be. Those people need mental help. And we have to be protected from those people. Are these the same people telling me not to complain when I complain about South Florida? Tell me to leave you. Yeah, right. If you don't like it get out. Yes. Party members did not party members. The party members are military, ex military, the pigs, which stars under license plates or some other hands off symbol under license plate. Right. And the non party members are the rest of us slippers. You have to put up with whatever trickle found. The underlings. Yeah. I don't like it. Okay. And when I called George and I couldn't play the way to do it. I don't know. For the first time considering leaving the country, we were locating to a civilized country. Now you're talking. I'll see you. George does it like that idea. I know it. I can see it's pointy. I'm an American and we should stay here and tough it out. But why is that? Just like that song. I just played the only live once man. The clock is running. If you can afford to do it or if you can do it part of the time, do it. I'll send you close card. Okay. I'll see you there. I do. I do it in the plant. Yeah. See a little taste of freedom in what real. See you people that think, oh, America is the greatest country in the world. You're crazy people. You've been brainwashed. Oh, no. It's one of the commonest in the Nazis that brainwashed. Right. And of course you know, 99% of the people who would say that were just the soon turner out of say, oh, yeah. But you know, that Gonzalo's family was a brainwashed man. Poor little kid while he was here. You know, that's the point. See. They were screaming. It was only Castro that does the brainwashed. At the same time, they were doing a brainwashed and they were putting the words into his mouth and those little homemade video tapes and got to know is what else they were putting into his mouth. Till they got bottles came along and pulled it out. Prop again, the brain washing. Life isn't happy meals. It's not script shopping, setters. It's not shopping malls. It's not glutey big fancy cars. It's not a lot of God in super high ways. That's not what freedom in life is all about. God damn it. Anyway, I'm telling you seriously, Gerald Richmond. He gets my vote. But it's language. In any language. Come on, Jerry. Get with it. The first one. I smell fritz spaghetti sauce. No, you smell it. I'm sure they ordered something. Oh, boy, it's the good thing I'm going to mommy's for a while. I'll meal this week. Hey, young man. What's up with the cook? The dish is hot. There was no farmer who's going to eat that in the middle of the street. There's only rice. If that in the middle, just shaking his head. That some boys who were down by the brick. There'd be in the water. There'd be on their marbles and play things and had had days more. There'd be more young ladies. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up for dreads and she showed them her rumbles and they'd do them white fluff. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children. So they would not spin. While the boys in the barnyard were shoveled. You'd send later from yesterday's front. While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eye that the fellow down by the duck. He looked like a man with a eyes of a whole home in the country. With a big face out front. If he has to find like they she showed him where the dopeet doll who was subject to piss. And maybe she'd let him grab hold of her small tender and with a movement so quick. And then she'd been over and suck on his candy. So he'd be made of butter scotch. And then he spread with cream all over her cookie that she had left out on her shelf. If if they this is there you can go yourself. Oh, oh. On 57 at 5.60 WQAM. Where do we go? Here's our poor results so far. Do you think the Florida Supreme Court will order a recount of any votes? No, 57. Yes, 30. I don't give a crap anymore. 15. Here's Pembroke Park. Hello. Oh, you know. Yes, sir. I got a theory behind this old deal. Okay. Bear with me here. I was watching this discovery channel show. And they had a thing and was called a woodpecker, something rather that the Russians were working on. No, that's Castro's got the woodpecker. I think he's got many points. They're right at Florida. Right. I feel like I'm living there. You know, see you're joking. But I've been saying that for years and people think I'm joking too. I believe it. You can see it on certain days. Now sometimes it's the full moon. Really. But it's like a fine everything. Now if you do any drive at a thrutter in a highway and you see like when everybody seems to be crazy and you just know something's going on.