560 WQAM presents a Neal Roger Show to talk to Neil. 660 and 860 and 870 770 5K is a total pre-culti-pins expressed by Neil Roger. His guest-chircolors is not reflect those of the measly broadcast crew. He's not a step atvertiser's original. Now, the Neil Roger show, I'm 560 QAL. Alright guys, it's all in! Hey, in record doors now, it's the most repulsive person now, when you'll ever hear, Ali McNeill, purchase all the Christmas favorites. Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Huh? Ali McNeill, purchase all the Christmas favorites. Listen to it while eating fruitcake. What a lovely time now. Let me find out. WQAM hello. Morning Neil. Yes sir. How long are this morning? Great. Hey, why any chance that you happen to read shows the lamb eats column yesterday? About Gloria, estifons response to the election? No. How wonderful it is to live in a country where somebody will win and everybody will accept it. Oh. Isn't that great? Are you going to be accepting it? No. I don't think I am either. You know, we know about a witch, what do you get to? I still want to accept it. Actually, I'm more shocked to hear from you than George this morning. I was simply just calling the fact that you over the article. Oh no, I... I... I... I... I'm... I'm... I'm... I'm pretty weak. Pretty much. Oh, that's good for me. It's getting coffee by some... I'm surprised you didn't write an alien. Now she did mention alien. She said gone to the political correctness day, which he was out there fighting for alien guns all Yeah. Glove, Glove, Glove, Glove. Hooray and Andy Garcia. She said the election has been a fantastic experience in democracy. Yeah. I'm thrilled to be living in a country where at the end someone will someone win and everyone will... Even for Dallas and Burst Forest, how was that today? Amen to that. Okay. Thank you. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Step on. Big fan of hers because that's fucking big. Yeah. Can she sing? No. The she-oh what else she's talking about? No. Suffer grandizing bitch. But nevertheless, oh there's Charles Beerbauer. Don't panic now. I mean, I'm not hung up on this thing with the elected or not, but we see, we got the TV on. We got the TV on. Or... Or... Yeah, we're still waiting. There's nothing going on. You'll be the first one to know the instant that something happens. We'll go like... I don't know. And then we'll just go on with the show and we'll tell you. Now we'll tell you. We'll tell you because I know that everybody out there is getting off. And a guy named Supreme Court in that freaking Scalia. Why do you write about that? But what are we going to do about it, huh? What are we going to do about it? See, the real ones that screwed up big time with a Florida Supreme Court, people think that they've got a great job. They'd go up people think they've got a wonderful job for us. But they haven't. Because the first time that they issued the major ruling, when they said, well, not so fast secretary of Bush, you still have a right to it to appeal those three counties. And you go ahead and vote and you've got five minutes to do it. See, that was the problem. I was thanksgiving holiday weekend. I'm sitting there and you've probably danced and I'm watching that on CNN International. I'm thinking to myself, I didn't take a rocket scientist to figure out if they're going to recount all those million and whatever was votes. They're never going to get done in time. So they couldn't give it them ten days. And that's still what a bit many days ago. They would have had it all done. But of course it would have taken them like all this fun we're having. And then, and then when they said, okay, well, guess what? On the Friday, was it Friday afternoon at four o'clock? What I said, okay, start counting again. Now because they were so careful, so careful, that it's according to Florida statute this, according to the legislature, to make sure that they didn't piss off the US supreme's on a thing about the legislature as opposed to the Constitution. But at the same time, they were easily could have said, and here's the standard by which you'll determine the intent of the voter. So that this whole business about equal protection of the 14th Amendment of the Constitution, and the oddia, which is a crocker crap, but nevertheless, it would have been a moved point. They could have done it smart if this is what they were going to do. Did they do it smart? No, no, they did it done. They did it real dumb. And that's why that's why now the ball is in the court of the supreme's. And Diana Ross ain't even there right now. She's off for the holidays with Gloria Stephon. They're doing it. On I want to thank Speaker of celebrities for whom I have usually nothing but content, but nevertheless, thank goodness Cortez, it's specs. Get a package in the mail this morning. I'll open it up, but there's a beautiful Luis Miguel Pelo. Look at that. Not a big one. Look about the right side. Right side. Yeah, this place. Yeah, a biting pillow. Anyway, shut up, Luis. But thank you on as it's a beautiful thing. It says knowing of your admiration for Luis Miguel, we expect music. One of you have this gift is a small token of appreciation. You see, say token? He must be thinking of Clarence Thomas. What are we going to add? All bottle. There's Roger Cosa. He's acting. We're just going to have to wait. What's the opinion is? And of course, it is cold out here. And that's another reason. See, just like I said, nice go Roger. Right on cue is usual. He's standing right outside the US Supreme Court waiting for the supreme. To start singing at song. That'd be a good poll. What's the ping song beside you keep me hanging on with big good right now? See, today is December the 12th in case you haven't looked at your calendar. But they keep telling us, oh, well, this date doesn't really mean anything. That's just a forality. And we still have to leave 18th. And then that day, don't really mean it. We got to tell January to 6th. We got to tell health reasons over. And you know something that looked from these pictures. I'm actually like, maybe tell good freeze over. Almost big snowstorms up north. All you people. It's a odd G. Share my share up there at Chicago in New York. I don't think right now you do. No. This is the only time of the year that it's worth being here. The only time is when people are freezing their ass off and trying to thaw the car out in the morning. That was one of my least favorite things about living up north. Scraping the windshield, especially in Michigan. But I'm telling Michigan, I mean, Rochester was nasty. Upstate New York's pretty wicked buffalo, especially. But I tell you, Michigan is just something about the extra wind and I don't know what it is. Just come a swoop in across the Great Lakes. And he's landing. I think was even worth the Detroit. He's landing just, oh, trying to walk to class on those few times like, they'd go to class. Maybe that's why they'd go to class. Was that the reason? No, I just want to sleep in and drink a lot of mice to boil. But anyway, the wind just blows through you. Speaking of blows, this thing with our fundraiser for plant parenthood is really weak. I don't want to start tune out the audience, but man, you guys are pathetic. Week. Do you know how much we have right now? You didn't see this, didn't you? Look. Because Miguel just did his usual great job and Kelly had all up and he's your tallie backer in there. And since last week we've only added 3,560 bucks to our total. Today is the 12th of December. Now you think with Christmas and Hanukkah, this is generally the time of the year, when everybody is out there buying vests and you'll see these in cassettes for their kids, for their kids off and college, for their friends, for everybody. What a great holiday gift. It's a special day-brow-pom beach and even in Naples and Fort Myers. And yet for some reason, I'm being honest to me now. If we want to have a lot more key change, that would help. But we don't. There are a lot more. We would have done some appearances and signed those CDs. So if we put a done some appearances, doesn't make any difference, Mr. The appearances we've done last couple of years, you could fit in these two rooms. The number of people we've had. And the number of people that I want to see at those appearances, you can fit in this room and have room for the Chinese army left over. With all the respect, I mean, you know, people make the effort to get in their country. They spend a whole hour driving too traffic to come, you know. But choose. After the first 600 picture cards over these 25, usually think their collection would be complete. But the fact is that most of the people out there, just like when Joe went out in the van last time and a whole bunch of people coming up, when we said we had those free buttons to give away. If you have free stuff, all there's no time how many people will show up. Maybe we might have to do a thing at the pizza loft, you know? Just run. What do you think? Yeah, one. There. For tradition. Yeah. I don't know. I'll think about it. Because I'm sick and tired of signing most stupid. Oh yeah. Grand finale. They're going to sign the CDs. They don't want the CDs that was just got your job. Oh, that's crap. They're all going to do that. They could, who, who sanded? They, they, the audience, the people are normally by that stuff. Who told you that? All of them. Your followers could grab the people did. Your fellow baloney. That's a deck I just called the people. Yeah, right. They're going to sign the CDs. Hello? Me, yes. We want to see you in perfect. No, you don't. You're not. You're lovely, Paul. No, you don't. Yes? No. Very Christmas. No. Yeah, see that guy. Do I want to see him? No, no, I don't want to see him. You don't want to see him. People will know him, they want to see him. Not even know him. Okay, we'll get back to that in a second. We've got to the break. We're watching. There's Daniel Rcepster. Nice penmanship. Daniel, nice dictionary too. Daniel Webster, the Florida State Center. He's another fascist. Why do you call Republican fascist? Because it's tooth and packaging. That's why. I mean, didn't used to be all fascists. But now, I'm trying to think is there. What were a public in that we could like a moderate, a boy can? No, I'm talking contemporary. No, no. No, we used to have like Jacob Javitz, liberal Republicans and Kim Keating and Law, Wiker, once a part of Thomas Republic of. And no, I'm trying to think of one. Well, you think about it real hard, folks. Yeah. Yeah. Now I'm push your lips. I still haven't told you how much we got. Well, it's pretty weak. No, if we don't get close to 100 grand, I'm going to want it a lot. Of course, we're still waiting for the big checks to come in from QAN, from Beasley and from Greg Reed. Yeah. We're fortunate to serve the Navy's recent years with that big stress written commission at W2AM, B.S. and Bradcast, group and corporate. Maybe you know my junkie's shirt. I'm just a model of course, I'm just a model of always right. Oh, no, no, no, no. Let's run to the mall, go spend it all. Always quiet, oh, you're going from. Let's fight a speaking child, pick the bombs of people. We're quite more with, babe. Let's fight the parking space here, although the chances are quite to rest, babe. Very, very, very, very Christmas. And very, very, very Christmas. Let's send them all, go spend it all. Always quiet, oh, you're going to go spend the most most. Send her to the final 60 W2AM happy to do to you. Got my eye on it. Don't worry. Got my floater is just zeroed weight in there. I'm seeing it. Don't panic. Are they doing anything yet? No, waiting for the US Supreme Court, we're waiting. Poor yesterday, who are the cheapest people in the world, 729 people recorded their vote. And the good news is the French Canadians, the frogs won. Hands down, your pants. French Canadians, 435, 60% said those cheap French Canadians, you frogs go back home, you parley, who get lost. We hate them. Like poison. They're cheap. They're disgusting. They're ugly. They're grotesque. Jews, a witness, reloading now. Like I said, 733 votes of which French Canadians got 438. Jews 244 and the Cubans who are always being picked on, especially by the audience, 51. A distant third with only 6.9%. See those that six in the nine again? Yeah. Always turns up on my pool. But at any rate, so let's hear it for the Cubans. They're cheap. They made pistol out of people off from time to time, but they're not at least cheap. At least not like the Jews, and certainly not like the frogs. Our poll today. Let me ask the question first, and I'll give you a little in a couple of minutes. The reason I'm asking this poll, because there's a story on the front page of the Sun Sentinel this morning. One of my favorite topics. Coconut Creek baseball players accused of hazing. It is a grotesque, a disgusting, a totally unacceptable story. From the typical kind of factory that goes on in the fraternities, in the military, in high school, college, I mean, you name it. Fagory. I was saying to George this morning, just as the older I get, the more we realize, the motto of people, especially on the US, is don't do what I do, do what I say. Most people talk a good game, but in their own life, they don't practice it. Just like the thing about anal sex. That's a fact thing in oral sex. That's a fact thing. Oh, it's big in a oral sex. Do you know, and maybe the president's going to take credit for this. For a lot of a video, this is going to be spreading around. I was reading an article on the plane going over to Amsterdam this last time, and you were saying it there, I guess. So was it a staggering number of kids I've tried the 17, are participating in the oral sex, and they don't, oh, they're a thank you very much, not can go home. That's got a check for me. Thank you very much. Oh, I thought maybe that was a check from the B's, thank you. But anyway, a staggering number of kids now don't think that oral sex is really sex. Yeah, we're talking about it during the summer. Yeah, article out. Oh, maybe the thing we do, don't think anything of it. And so kids are like, given blow jobs like that. Yeah, right. That's not happened, sex. I was born in the wrong time. We didn't have that going on in other than that. But you're missing the point that, well, it's forget about that. I mean, certainly, roles, you can't spread any kind of disease to oral sex, and it all doesn't think that for that problem. Oh. But anyway, what? Anyway, what the hell was I just talking about? Oh, about hazing. Here's the poll. Check out so much stuff going on. I'm not going to give you that check. My mind is wandering. Here's the poll that I hear. He's hazing. I'll give you three choices. He's hazing. First choice is just kids having fun. Is stupid but harmless or is unacceptable behavior? Those are those three choices. Ah, great. Now, well, I just tell you, I give good poll if I do say so myself. Sometimes the show sucks, but I give good poll. Usually when the show sucks, it's because the collar sucks. Anyway, our total for plant hair and it has got me extraordinarily distressed. I'm thinking maybe it's partly because maybe we don't have any audience anymore. That could be it. It's possible. Although highly unlikely. 70, 140 bucks. That's pretty weak. Although it is it's the truck one. You give me my hand. And then what that's like considering, I put the first ten in there. The seed money will get to thing going. On the van hits, they've raised 16,500. That's specs 20,000 so far, which is stored nearly week. And the website, we've gotten 20, 3,640 bucks. You can go to neorogies.com and order the CDs and cassettes. And like I said, we should have had a lot more key chains. We'd already be around 100 grand. But nobody listens to me. Nobody will listen to me. It was not feasible. I don't want to go through that again. It was feasible. Are you with a mess you about it? Then if he was not here, I think that's another problem. Here we are. This is the biggest fundraiser. In fact, it's the only fundraiser. This radio station gets involved in all year long. Because before I came here, they never heard of it. Like what's that fundraiser? What's that all about? Getting involved in the community? What's that all about? See, they only know about it going the other way. Coming in, not going out. And poor Miguel is sitting in there who I think it's criminal that he isn't the promotion director yet. I have no idea why that hasn't happened. Yeah, you do. No one, that's right. I'm lying. I do know why because of them they have to pay him. But he can sit there and just be the promotion flunky. Like he always was before another the promotion director left. We don't have to hire a new one. Or make him the promotion director because then we'd have to pay him. The promotion director is full salary. And because these are a bunch of cheap tricks, they don't want to do that. But my point being even setting that aside, which it's frost my ass, because he certainly capable of doing a fine job, but he has no assistance. So on those rare occasions where we do have something going on, Joe Costello's got to come in and donate his time to go out and do the stuff for us, which we appreciate, but it's just not the way to win a promotion. There's this station, you know how to win a promotion? No, it's a matter of fact speaking of Greg Freakin' Read. Remember when I was a chaired my heart checked out when I came back in, I worked that Monday. Yeah. And then I came in on Tuesday. I think it was the following day on Wednesday that he finally showed his post in there. Not that I need to see him, believe me, I don't want to see him. Because that stupid look on his face, just oh, it just drives me nuts. Ehh! That kind of like, what me worry look? But at any rate, and he was telling me, oh yeah, well the following week, meaning last week, they were going to be coming in here to start for this promotional thing which was supposed to be in the near about that? No, we're not doing it. I mean, obviously we're not. Or just another lie. Just another lie. So the fact that we've only raised 70,000 for charity, and that 90% of the audience has gone, I mean, got all he knows how many people that got left on those portraits. Huh? How many people do you think got left on the worst team? Yeah, yeah. They got richy from Boris head. And then the guy with the tickets said John Guy, the call right there at the end, and then a couple other guys. That's about it. On the worst team. They know it too. Now the street guys doing the show, which means they only got like three listeners of peace left at this point. That's pretty weak. But anyway, it's speaking a week, 70, 140 bucks per plan, per record. What was nifty in these cities? This year, a sensational, they're great. There's great stuff on there. Thank you. No, there is. Painstaking. Right. And in the last week, 30, 5, 6, he bucks. So it's not happening. You're not going out there to specs. You're not doing the stuff. You're not going out there to score. And maybe people can call in. Let us know why. Maybe they just don't want to, maybe they just cheat. Maybe that's what it is. Of course they never would admit that. All the cities, software, yeah, right. The cities are great. There's greater. She's still waiting too. I just mentioned that in passing. But I mean, the thing that we can't even raise 100 grand for charity on a promotion that goes on for three months, that we've always, always in the past. What did we get last year? Do we have any idea? A little more than that. More than what? Like, oh, 100 by the end of it. Yeah, I don't know if we were over. We've finally creaked around 100 last year. But don't forget last year, we had a very late start number one. And number two, the embarrassment to overcome the OJ golf tournament, which really just kind of like stopped there. And we had the CDs, the bad they thought they'd see these in the beginning. Right. See, doing promotions on this radio station, but a major disaster right from the beginning. The first year we didn't do any before I was on the year, because there were two cheap to put up the seed money. They made all kinds of other excuses. But there were a bunch of cheap breaks. And they were afraid they'd have to put out 50 set to go to the start of the day. I want to do it. But they knew that there was screw it up anyway. The second year, that was the year that Sam came in. Remember Sam? Anybody remember him? No. No. He's long gone. Out of sight out of mind. Tony, I think, oh my goal was 300,000 and made a big joke out of it. The recycled chart that the recycled chart from the sales department that had to do with some campaign that they were doing. And so he just picked it out of the law somewhere. My goal was 300,000. I hope that OJ slices his neck. Doesn't kill him just injures him severely. Okay. If he looks at his woman, he will. Yeah. So anyway, we have a long way to go. I just mentioned that in passing of them first rated. At the tremendous difficulty of raising money on this radio station for a very long time. It's radio station for a very good charity and a very good cause with very good CDs that we put out there. Have a year. He's a lost idea. Very good. Yeah, but how much are we going to raise there in one night? A couple grand? I mean, you know, it's not that three. A couple three. A dollar three, 40 as a matter of fact next Tuesday, week from today is a trend. A two, 30. So we can celebrate the loss of the audience and, uh, Oh, and we can see if we have anybody still listening. Yeah, but I don't want to. If we could get some different people, some new and different people that come out. That would be the, that's the test. You know, you know, the one time. Yeah, yeah, I don't want to see the guy with the eyes. I don't want to see Gilbert. I don't want to see, I don't even know the names. The, what was the one guy's name that they almost hired here? The thing? I don't want to see the thing. Oh, Jesus, Joseph and Saul. Man. No, you know what I'm talking about? Of course I do. But that old trend quote from, before Benjamin Franklin was a baby. But we still want their money. Yeah, but we still want their money. And then first of all, most of those people are, well, we'll also get Gilbert. It's worth putting up with him for about five minutes because we see brings a money. But where do you want Saul? Yeah, okay. Have a nice holiday Gilbert. Oh, as a matter of fact, Speaker of that way, what is the thing where he does, uh, here? This is the amazing Gilbert. We minding you not to drink and join this honey. That's insane. Great. Nice job. Just send us some money. Where are you? You idiot? So maybe we'll do that. Next Tuesday or maybe not. But we'll find out from this audience what the problem is, whether we're turn loose any cash. And I'm not going to take the check from that guy for that fire span. I don't care if we had 7,000, much less, 70,000. Uh, I still wouldn't take his check because I just don't like his name attitude. I don't like suckups. I can't stand. And of course we know. Look at that. The door opener a little bit there. I bet you're somebody's right to give me a check from the accompanying. Oh, it seems. It's a story. Did he give us a check? I won't mention his name on you. Did he give us a check from playing pyramid? No. How many of the salespeople though? See, at a real radio station, which this is not the salespeople, the sales managers, the general manager, the company, all those people helped us every time we did a fundraiser. A hundred bucks, 500,000. Since I've put money in everybody else's pocket, they would help us out. You see what I'm saying? I don't want to put any pressure on you with all the money that I make you. I don't want to do that. But you think that a hundred bucks, we got people who are building drop boards and night on some stupid ball game every day. I don't want to mention default by name. Anybody else? Or in those punks, I know those little underlings in there. Those eddy-k juniors that are out there sucking around. Those GA in waiting guys, which we got a whole list of them. So instead of throwing away a hundred bucks on some stupid goddamn ball game on the overs and the underbs in the ends in the out. They might write a check to plant perters, something which I'll not write a check. Maybe they're booking you and you'll have to do it. Much of cheap bricks. You cheap Jews down there in a sales department. Let's take that pull over again. Who's the cheapest? Yeah, we don't have any French Canadians working here. You should change the Jew category to Jews to the old people. Yeah. I'm voting on my poll. Yeah. So I didn't even mention his name. Because I don't want to single him off. I said he'll give you a hundred bucks. Good. Good. See, that's why I'm going to have to resort to them. I was in burrowing these cheap mother scratches in this building to come through with some cash for our charity. I mean, what kind of a thing is it if and that again, it underlines the underscores the fact that we're not part of this radio station. We got two separate worlds. We got the sports world here and we got the NeoWodger show. And that's it. And ever the train show me the only connection we got is Hank. There's the Neil Hank connection and when we Hank and I we do cross over. He came in that day. We didn't fight it with a court thing. That's great. Because Hank understands how a real radio station works. He understands how you succeed. But other than that, that's all we got. Because the rest of these people, it's like, well, we're in their way. Just like when that first couple weeks we were here, we didn't carry some stupid sports press conference. Oh, Jesus. And very jackass is writing a whole thing in the newspaper. Did very jackass ever write one thing about the great ratings we've had on this show for three years. Oh, or I'll remember who that we're bringing in this guy named radio station. So Greg, we can be a sports sucking. Oh, he never wrote anything about that. Not one word, Barry, you jackass. And did we get anybody from Barry jackass? Oh, we need to get a check from him. That little putt wacker. Of course he probably has to pay mommy, guess money, drive him back and forth to work every day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We're still waiting on a Supreme Court. Okay, don't panic. I sitting here. There's a Watson, amen. And there's the other Watson, amen. Washington, cheese, freeze, and there are some. They're all freezing their ass. And they're all thinking Jesus Christ, let's get this over with. I'll raise so we can go inside. And I don't blame them. 26 after 10 at 5, 60, WQA. This station stands for nothing. The lost man to pay man when that raw mouth went did go. Am I cold? You bet there's my boat head. If you winch his deep and snow. The lost man to pay man. If the marathon has can be. Gotta find his day because the squirrel just may go and use it as a rea. The mice have been no elastic holding its children on the house. Only hope but chipmong didn't make a nest where it's run. Oh, my last mind to pay man. Yeah, old Tony's quite dismissed. But I'll say goodbye and hold the sun. I'll tell you what, Tony's son. Hey. Oh, he's real big with a kid. I don't know he's not. But that was, what a hell of a make that up. They just make up all kinds of crap. Because they say it often enough. Some people believe it. 1031 at 5, 60. WQM George is left for the day. Just ran out. I don't know where to hold him went. Probably the tool it for the 18th time. But anyway, I thought maybe a better way to come back to read this. Maybe interesting facts. And maybe right on target. Maybe this, let's just got his thumb on it. Well, I won't wait till it comes back. I don't think he is coming back. It says, I don't know if you've thought of this. What is that? What is that that you're sloughing in here now? What is this man doing? What is this man doing? Anyway, it says, Neil, I don't know if you've thought of this. But maybe this year your CD's aren't selling as much because the new in thing is CD burners, which I have one. So a person can buy one of your CDs and make copies for his whole family. And you know how these cheap banks did down here like you did everything for free. As for me, I buy your CD over here and he changed the last two years. I think this might be the reason why you're total for plant parent or business high. Maybe there's something you do to your CDs so they can't be copied if that's possible. Or maybe we've got to make a lot more of those key chains because you can't copy the key chains. George. We wouldn't have been able to order a second batch at the same price that we ordered the first batch out. Why? If we got as many, in other words, to get the price that we've got, we would have had to order them all at once. It's per lot. If you order a second batch later, both batches are more expensive. Both. Both. That doesn't make any sense. In other words, it's per hour that you buy one thousand. It's one part price if you buy two thousand. It's another price that's set the more you buy the cheaper they go. I understand that. I already like, see you 50 of the. I know your Alzheimer's is kicking in. We went through this exact, I feel like I'm in my mother's house. We went through this exact conversation. I know. I'll find it. Let me say it again. If 1500, if the price is based on how many of us, if 1500 was like 450 of piece. And then we said, okay, well, we're going to buy an order another 1500 as of whatever date as of November 15 to whatever. The second 1500 would have been the same price as the first 1500. I totally don't go on for that. Is what I got. No, but you're getting a little bit of disarguing. You're defending the. You're saying that the other company has to agree with that arrangement. They didn't. They wouldn't. Why not? Because that's a separate order. If you were to more later, that's a separate order. That's what I was getting from the people that arranged this. I thought I've had some bad conversation with colors over these. This is the most. I'm an income recession ever had my life. If 15, the second 1500 having nothing to do with the first 1500. If 1500 is 450 of piece, if that's the price when you buy a lot of four or 1500, then you order another 1500. Why would the price be any different on the second or no price would it be different. But we wouldn't have gotten them in time. We wouldn't have gotten them by now. If you'd ordered them later. They had the order like six weeks of advance. Okay. So like I said, if we'd gotten a lot more CD, we'd have to figure budget. Okay. Okay. I'm doing the best I can. Anyway, this article says coconut creek baseball players accused of hazing. This is one of the most to me. Profitic. Traject. And you know something what the most tragic part is the parents because the kids would be doing it if the parents didn't give a link in a nod. And if the parents were just as big of an assholes if not bigger than their kids. Singers on coconut creek high school baseball team, the cobras, hazed at least 500 placement last spring by spreading icy hot muscle savant their genitals or buttocks back and beating others with paddles while a student thought of gravity assaults according to documents and witnesses. The proportion of the teams from a coach today and the threat of a lawsuit provided glimpse into what some coaches in parents has been an open secret for at least 60 years. The assault occurred at Irmlando Hotel even though 12 parents and 4 coaches were supervising the cobras when the se said, most of the seniors wrong the hotel at April 16 wrestling juniors to the floor or onto a bed then attacking them when the se said. Dennis Willvell who's parents have threatened the sue said once he knew it was like choking me and people were holding my legs down. They pulled my pants down and they put red hot sav on my private parts. And have it always told you that these things every one of these hazing episodes include getting other people naked and fondling somehow their genitals. Something to do with their genitals would their private parts. When head coach Mike Miller later asked the team was involved every hand of the room shot up a system coach Rex Nottage told a district investigator. Some shaperones pressured witnesses and at least one victim not to disclose the incident and the case was a long standing and continuing to the school according to what this is. Parents shaperones defended the actions of their child and investigated reports stated that reported this is a court throughout the years and is a common practice. They were extremely defensive and uncooperative. Parents. Asholes. Asholes reproducing. Parents and students on the trip could not be reached for comment. And adding insult to injury to make it even better. 10 days later one of both of those attackers gave them a razor blade for self defense against teammates who were threatening him as he watched the girls off ballgame. He put it in his wallet and forgot about it as attorney said. The next day someone told school security officers that he had the razor blade. Both of those suspended for 10 days out of the zero tolerance weapons policy as attorney said. So now the victim becomes the one who gets punished. The acknowledge punishment for the seniors just weeks from graduation and one about to be drafted by the New York meds was to have them run extra miles. Noah Pempo has made the keep them from finishing out the season including even gets archrival to Avella and the playoffs. That's not good enough for me so the system coach from Alvorniervases are red welts on Bovel's back. Although witnesses claim it will try to keep the incident quite words spread, Corgana Creek's principal eventually suspended 16 years for 10 days, so this year it's folks been Joe Dunn Zilly. The names of the hazeras victim shaperones and all parents were blacked out of school records given to the son sentinel to protect student identities. But Ellis Ruben, one of Bovel's attorneys identified some of them by reading their names off an unsentant copy of the seven investigative reports. Assistant coach from Alvorniervases not as confirmed to investigate is that hazing has been and continues to be effective life on some varsity teams even though Mcmillan warned the players against it. The fire, the ice hot was always a big thing. Even if the private part wasn't a big thing, the icy hot was a big thing. Not as tool investigators actually this is on unsentant 1984. How do you like that? And it goes on about what a bunch of assholes the parents were. In fact, in fact, the kid called his parents to tell them what happened. One mother overheard the phone call and told other players about to call. The next day the mother pressed Bovel to stay silent. She warned if he flooded it just gets worse. It's nothing compared to what happened in the past. How do you like that? You people out there reproducing what is his go back to what I'm always talking about. Forced sterilization. Because anybody can reproduce unfortunately. Any moron, any imbicill, any jackass can go out there and make babies. So I don't blame the kids. I blame the parents and the so-called chaperones. And the coaches. And the other people look the other way because boys will be boys. Or it's just the American after way. All this factory man, it's just it's astonishing to me. It's just shocking. All these butch these macho guys, the fraternity things they're hazing that goes on. Cooling you know, every now and then somebody dies from it. Don't forget the military. I've already mentioned. Also, why do you were posking around playing grab ass with kid Kori in the hallway? It Jesus is he up tight today or what? Just because we didn't get all of us to lose for our dance. We were talking to each other. I thought it was just a hazing thing. We were discussing the party. 21 before we had a call me when the party starts. 21 before 11 at 5.60WC. They're still loaded. They're still loaded. They're just calm down. Okay. I know all of you are sitting on pins and needles out there. We need to get our raids in a dignity. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 5.60WC. A ha. How young is too young? After 12 days of counting, it's what we have. For 1000 pistol parts, 11 but a fight balance, it's in fact I've ordered nine guys counting each boat. Can't remember if this is made up. Seven and then walk to six freaking recounts. 25. I'm like, so high. Four. Four. Four. Three to two. Count these two guys want to win. But only one can be threatened. Seven, two, four, 11 at 5. Six. You're never to kill a M here. So again, there's a holiday. They don't feel like the holidays to meet all. Does it feel like the holidays to you? Yeah. Oh, kids got a kid. That's right. But to me, it just doesn't anymore. Which I'm very pleased about that. Because many years ago when I was growing up, it used to be like, you felt like you were being just drowned by Graham. I mean, just Christmas seemed to go on like from the day after things, give me another shopping start. But I'm just talking about the whole deal with all the television programs and all the Christmas carols and all these, uh, Jesus shows and all that stuff. He just, he was just drowning with Jesus for like a month and a half. And now it's hit the 12th of December. And other than the fact that everybody's running around shopping and driving 20 times worse than usual, other than that, there's not much going on. Thank God. Here's a lady in plantation, hello. Yes. Good morning. You know, thanks for taking my call. Yes, man. I was listening to the coverage last night of the election debate. And as part of the coverage date, they had a live broadcast of the Maryland Senator Quasium Affomee. He was railing against the fact that the Haitians weren't treated fairly because they didn't have a translator. Quasium Fumie is a senator from Maryland. Well, he sees some sort of, uh, he was the president of the NAACP. Oh, okay. Then maybe I got my factual enough into him. He may have been, no. No. But at any rate, um, maybe something wrong with me, but don't just think so much of learn to speak English or should speak English fluently before they go to the election. I mean, why do you need a translator, you know, to, you know, in order to vote in a US election? Well, if you're a citizen, why, why should you have to be able to speak English fluently? If that were the case in the dead county, we'd have 18 people who could vote. Well, I think if people want to, you know, vote in this country, they would be happy with it. So, so in other words, we should just in franchise, for example, speaking of Quasium Fumie, Black people are, there are a lot of blacks who are functionally illiterate because we have a crappy education system. And we just give them social promotion and keep moving them along. And they can't, uh, you know, and we also have many white people who are functionally illiterate up to 50% they estimate. So they shouldn't be able to vote. Because they're not, well, then how do white people, why do white people vote? Why do white people vote, why do white people vote? How do white people who are illiterate vote? What do you mean by that? Well, you just said if, um, that there are plenty of white people, you know, who are illiterate in this country, so how, well, it literally does mean they can't read. They can't read a name. Well, then if they're reading, that means that they're voting, I'm saying someone who's a channel who's a translator is not able to speak English. And if you come to this country, you know, you should learn how to speak English. Yeah. Well, how about if they just became a citizen like five minutes ago? Well, then shouldn't that be grounds for becoming a citizen that learning how to speak English? No, not necessarily. You can become a citizen of a lot of countries. You don't have to speak good or language. But then you would have to, but I may be wrong, but the elections that are in most countries are in the language of which that country is. I mean, if you go to France or whatever, they're not back at you. You have by the election. How about if you go to Quebec? Well, Quebec is a multilingual city. And so is Miami. So is Miami? So is date county? I don't know if that was done for the same reasons. Everything these days is for language. It was more of the energy for you. Let me answer that. You are aware of the fact that the ballads in date county are, they are bilingual ballads. You are aware that aren't you? But by a little bow off of part of the whole, whole person was country-toothed by lindlers. No, no, no, no, no, no. So I hope Sandy Peyton, okay, lady. I mean, I just, my patient just ran out. It's just a matter of time. Well, what did I tell you? That's all I'm willing to do this town. What I talk about is bilinguals and how they hate the Cubans or whoever it is. Patience. Well, that's all I was just a substitute for the blank. Hate the f***. I'm not interested in this. How did we come to bilingualism? Where did this come from? To weeks before Christmas. I don't get it. Man, oh man, I'm ready to pop a goddamn f***ing fat purple word right now. When did the Jesus spoken? Was, yeah. Yeah, what was it he said? Come on, come on, come on, come on. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the ear. You people are so goddamn concerned about what language you've heard, speaks, get a fricking life already, will ya? I mean, I'm serious. These people need to be forced. They need to be put on a plan. I thought I would wish them. People all these other countries, I'm talking about. They need to be forced to go abroad and they just be dropped in the middle of some foreign country somewhere. I mean, I'm lucky that you know, I have it a problem in Amsterdam, or most of the people who was speaking. I'm not compelled to learn to speak their language because it does, touches a very, very difficult language that didn't almost know what it related to, why is it in the fact that letters are the same. At least it's not like finished, where they use all those like Indian symbols. Everything finished? Yeah, yeah, they don't like those little, whatever the hell those things are. How are glyphics, have those little things? But anyway, I mean, why are you people so hung up about God damn language? What difference does it make? If somebody doesn't speak your language, scroll, that's all right. If that bothers you. If you're so offended by it. In addition, which is in plantation, I don't think we have a language problem in plantation. Now out in the acres, we do have some folks that speak like kind of mug, lump, but other than that. Yeah. Well, what is that happening with the price of peas? How did we get to that? How did we arrive at that? She don't like people today as big ones. The mention or freaking God damn town. That's all you know, like I said before, is hey, how much you hate everybody else? Fill in the blank, which group it is? Here's plantation again. Hello. Hey, Nila, you're doing okay? I'm not going to talk about language. On this equal protection thing, it's a true that when they counted the bush counties with a hand count and the count of allusia and Broward, they're already included in the certification. So they operate on their different standards and it's a third of a point. It's a red hearing. It's a bunch of bullcrap. Well, and the other thing is, even if they go back to those number seven, the race or whatever, 14, when the certification should have been, Bush's hand count would still be in it. Right. That is correct. Today, like hand counts when they benefit from it, then they like it. Now, the other thing I don't understand is they're hiring, you know, there's no standard because it's the intent of the voter standard, which isn't 30 states. But if the Supreme Court of Florida would say count hanging chads or whatever, they would say would have that we're changing the rules after the game. They would say that that violates for election law after making the law. That's correct. They would that is very good, exactly what they would say. They put you in a catch 22, no matter which way you go or the court would have gone, they just said, all you're making new law and you can't do that after they ball game is over there. Who is they keep putting it? So you can't. And then if it's not fair because what is changing those rules is that hand counts are all in the right way. But if you, you know, and on the other hand, let me ask you something, what difference does it make it? This point you know, I keep saying this, I can't get the point across. There is no way to have an accurate counted this point. Just like watching there on Saturday, I'll say it again like I did yesterday. The fact that these counties were so stupid, most of them, that they didn't separate the under votes and the over votes from the votes that were counted so that they threw them all in together. And now they have to go back and try to call out the under votes, which is what they were doing on Saturday were those machines and the machines run the ball up through them when they come to an under vote the machine stops and they pull them out. But the problem being, if that one of the previous under votes, if when they've been handled or they're going to the machine again, the Chad falls off and now there is a holder in the machine counted, that's just the last vote now because it's not going to be recorded as an under vote again. And then I could have that card. Well, the reason they didn't do that is because most of the election supervisors in the most of the county, 50 counties, or Republicans and they want a confusion because they have confusion. I don't think it has anything to do with that. I think the fact is that they're just a bunch of hacks and they don't know what they're doing. But it also bolsters their argument. If they run it through the machine and they have a different amount of votes under votes, then they can argue that there's something wrong with... They were making that argument. You see, you see, you're so partisan on one side that you can't see the force for the trees. That's not bringing up for that reason. It was the woman in the Hillsborough County, which voted Republican, not by a huge margin, but about whatever the percent was. But she was just pointing out that people from both parties in the media be alerted to the fact that there's going to be a different number of under votes. And she explained the reason why and she was right. Well, they should have called like you said they should have called that. Like what you know, want to accept her is the fact that there is no way under there is no way. We're using these archaic punch guard ballots to have an accurate count. Not possible. I agree with you. I do accept that. And I said it the day after election they said nobody will ever really know who won the state of Florida. And I know we don't think we will. I don't care how many studies the Harold does. The Harold did one study all twenty two thousand gold one by and then a couple of days they were going to come out with another study. Well, if they just caught the under votes, it looks like Bush still might win. They don't know what they're talking about. Statisticians are all for a crap. Just like the group people were saying, oh, we're going to pick up 600 votes in date County. They weren't going to pick up 600 votes in date County. The LA Times did their own study said maybe 115 and after the count of the first four thousand votes, Bush had picked up 42 extra votes in date County. Nobody knows the fix has been in it. Right. And now you got it. Thanks. Have a great life. It's a little bit difficult, but it's sooner or later you have to bring them around to understand that the fix wasn't in just one way. See that because if it's only one way, then you got to prom now all of a sudden if they catch on that then you're screwed. But if you got it like 15 different ways, if you got you're filling out all these apps and they're these applications for ballots. And if you're doing it with the with the for preventing people from voting. And with talk about the 14th amendment. And equal protection. How about all the people who are people go to black people go to a polling place where white people who would advise license will out the vote. And Haitians and other black people who didn't have their vote or registration company had a license. They weren't allowed to vote. Even if their name was out of order rule. And you see that that's a good one because once that's done, you can't go back and say, well, I would have voted for someone. So, but they didn't want to vote. Well, too bad. Which could you gotcha? This was the game of Gotcha. And the problem is regardless of how this quote was, the problem is that the group people don't want to admit that they got us. And they did. I've been telling you since the 8th of November they stole a fair and square. They stole it a half a dozen different ways at least. Because the fix was in. Oh, but this is America. Yeah, this is America where we're notorious for fixed elections. And anybody who lives here in South Florida does believe that. You must be doing a rip and winkle last 20 years. I don't know where you've been living. Here's Fort Modern Deal. Hello. Hi, Neil. One thing that's come out of this whole thing. And is that the Jeffster's national aspirations are, how do you say it in the toilet? Yeah. I mean, that's better. Well, why do we keep repeating that? We said that 80 million times already. What is that, Colonel? What's still? Well, I don't have to believe that English could have bad at night thinking. I could have delivered this state to a turn up, if it was running for, you know, running for the Republican can of CBI. Yeah, that's what I have in my brother. Well, my older brother wanted to say that. I did a lot of stuff. Okay. Thank you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Tom, try it. See what I mean? That's why I cut this off yesterday because we've heard, we've all the respect to your intentions. The fact is we've heard all here. You must have been court decision could come at any time. They've changed the, they've changed the little, a crawl on there. It really is many different news. Oh, and speaking of that. Speaking of that thing, they had CNN had the wrong call on there on Saturday for, I don't know, how long? Not again. Yeah. About how that they were recounting votes. This is after the US Supreme Court said that there were to stop, and they still had to think about the recount was going on. Why am I watching them anyway? Well, I like red and Roger there. Yeah. Makes me think about O.J. in the good old days. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Tom, 5, 60. On the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. I mean, you talk about a stuck record. I've heard all these same things as Zillion times. So is everybody in this listening on it? What's the point of repeating it? If it makes you feel better, walk up to the mirror and say it to yourself. I don't want to hear it. I don't want to hear the same goddamn crap. Just restating the obvious is not interesting. It's not entertaining. It's not stimulating. It's crap is what it is. It's bull crap. It's draining. Thomas is draining is the woman with her bilingualism again there. I mean, how do we get from talking about lost puppies to bilingualism? Are we just worried about the he'sing it, co-can a quick way of baseball players and the parents of the obnoxious behavior? And all of a sudden, the first call I get is a woman who wants to talk about bilingualism again. So I have to make you wonder about the ghost of An Bishop, you know what? And what the Sandy's doing with it? Is that the body of An Bishop? 1056 at 560. 148567. You can weigh M. by M. for Lutterdale. A measly run-off group station. WQAM.com for the work of British Pipe-off. Oh! From Imagine Entertainment, Director Ron Howard presents an all-new holiday classic. Dr. Suusses, all the gorge, stole Christmas. Mr. Gorge, why are you starring the election? Why? There's more ballots that must be counted, Sandy Liu. If they're not, I'll just cry, boo-hoo. The sick Democrat lied. He made up a story, he had a depression blamed it all on Governor Wush. The house of a hill of Mount Kropett is mine. You sleep, Sandy Liu. My right is divine. He patented the head of the valuable house, and he knew who was no more of any tool. He talked to him that right next to dad before he met. He dimpled her dad. A lot of mean ones. Mr. Gorge. You really are a real home. You're a soul is no exception. Who exhibits cloudy the dead Mr. Gorge. The three words that that's described you are a follows and I quote big. I'm right, baby. One of the five 60WK, we're still waiting. What's his name? Good morning, once again. Good morning, Darren. While we just don't have any words, you know, Charles Beerbauer. How about some beer? Papa Bauer? Speaking of Papa Bauer, how come the Bauer's don't get together and they're getting more Christmas time? Why do I have a watch that show in the Cones Age? Haven't seen that in ages. Too much of this election crap going on. I'll just tell Gorge, the woman of Cone who started with that bilingualism crap. That to me, that's the epitome of the 25 years I've been on here doing this in this town. That's the epitome of it right there with that call. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. 80 million lines open, boys and girls. Here's a mobile and broken, hello. Well, this. Yes sir. Okay, possibly me go. Anyway, the reason I called, I don't care if you have one or been out of shape now. I was listening to you to discuss the baseball players. Yes. And there was a story last year which basically reminded me of, there's a Wellington High School which is well known in Palm Beach County from the baseball. Right. They went out of California to a tournament. And laid at night three of them decided to have a circle jerk on on one of the other baseball players. Great. And basically, I mean, it didn't really come out. The one of the fathers had the higher an attorney to get in the junction. Didn't come out. Gorge scored. Yeah. He thought it was a finger. And anyway, nothing. I mean, the kids remained on the baseball team and were able to play through the districts. And nothing ever happened. And it's just kind of sick. I mean, but if you notice that these, these so-called hazing activities, they always include the same thing. It always includes grabbing the other kids' genitals. What is that all about? I have no idea. I mean, you showed me a bunch of 15 or 17 or 18 year old guys who are anxious to grab a hold of somebody else's penis. And I'm going to tell you, I think there's a word for that. Which is. Anyway, and regards to the election, it's over John. Okay. See it. The flagelies were that I was looking for. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. Well, it was John. 5, 6, 7. The floor to legislature continues with a special session. And some of those yellow dog Democrats, of course, are doing over crossing over. Like I'm suppose somebody facts me that. Did you see that? And yes, so. And why is that surprise you? Don't you understand where you are? This is the deep south. Finding a wheel done to crack down. Here's what I'm looking for. I've got the needle in the in the office country. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. There's Mike Boacher. What about his name? Is Mike Boacher. What can I have a two-third majority there? Yeah, I get your majority over here, Mike. He kills me. Here's a mobile and a little Havana. Hello. Anyhow, they're going. Okay. Listen, my name's also tired of selecting stuff on the top about that. Hazing? I was in the military and where it says that Hazing is an act of an military is completely blind. Oh, it's big in the military. Yeah, and the reason why they do it is, you know, to bully, but also because if you're in order to be on the ring, you have to go through the Hazing or to an order to be a real soldier. You have to go through it. Right. And I don't know. Real man, you've got to have a lot of other men to grab your penis and do all kinds of wild things. Exactly. And it's just a little bit thick. But anyhow, I just wanted to make that quick comment. It's so good. Okay, we need a lot of few good men for the West Marine. I'll pick them out. Oh, brother. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, I'll say it again. They're in denial. I talked about this a few times over the years. They run away from this. Oh, you're just making it up you faggot. Yeah. Just like those all those straight guys that wanted an evil sex that are like, you know, the women I think the one I'm talking about. Scraping them down. Oh, you really wanted Honey. You really want your love and your lunch, you're it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Lions. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hi, how are you doing? Okay. You know? Yes, sir. Listen to your show for a long time. I don't like to do that with anything you're saying. But I understand you a point of view. I'm a Republican, I vote a Republican. And I still think that, you know, it's true. If they were black or anyway, I mean, if you were green with orange, but that's a you're not allowed to vote. Then the person who stopped that person from voting should go to jail immediately. It's one of the, one of the, one of the two to the think of these of the democracy. You can't even vote. Now, if you are not able to follow directions and not able to vote your, I want to, I want to go ahead and step on what's in the. Well, I don't know what Gloria said in the think of that. I don't, I didn't call you to start, you know, to start a little fight with an agada. I think you're very intelligent. No, I'm not, I'm not saying that to be argument. I'm not saying that to be argument. Somebody, I think you're more, more than in average. Yeah. And I think you, you can actually have a true conversation with someone without. Insolvenating one or anything like that. Yeah. Calling a Republican evil. Is just a little insulting. I mean, it's just, I respect the way you think. No, no. No. If we agree on that, then we can actually work on that. But we don't agree on that. Because I don't respect the way the Republican party thinks today. Now, I can't speak for you. But if you embrace the, the general philosophy of today's right wing Republican party and the born again, holier than now, a dictatorial kind of mentality that they have, then we can't agree on that. Well, I'm pretty sure no one is able to, no one. And if you take 100, 100 people, not everyone's going to agree on this exact same thing. That's the beauty of this other society. You know, but the fact is that Trent Lot and Tom Delay and Jesse Holmes and Strom Furman and Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell. And I think the list goes on at Nazium that you also use people to agree. They do agree. They do agree. You're discriminated. You're very, very, very right. I mean, what I'm going to say something's going to, it's going to destroy you from now. I think that the, one of the horrible thing about the Republican party and me being a Cuban, is that they are, they are the last few people towards immigrants. And you know, immigrants are good for them. Then how can you be Republican? How can it be a Republican? Because being a Democrat is worse. Being a Democrat in my opinion, being being being able to have, to have the, my life experience that I had. I believe that the smaller the government, the better we are. So in other words, the government is smaller when they come in your bedroom and tell you what you should be doing in the privacy of the government. I think I think that's, I think that's that's another wrong thing. I don't want to be Republican party. That's your, that's your party. I, I don't, and I, and I'm not saying that I'm not saying that, I'm not saying that. Well, that's what, then what, then what, then what is it about the Republican party or Greenwood? What is it about there for lots of any, you agree with? Well, I agree that you shouldn't be, they should be able to help someone. But you, but you don't have, I don't have a responsibility to maintain anyone. I should be, you should be able to do it by yourself. You should be able to get, I had on life, not on, not on federal programs, but on the necessities of what life is. The way I, the way I put it, it's that, the, the, all of federal programs, the democracies, are putting forward. Yeah, I think, like social security, right? That was the democratic program at the Roosevelt, are you against social security? I, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't think social security. No, not that, I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't ask you that question. I said, are you against social security? No, of course not. Are you against Medicare? Of course not. So then what are you talking about? Those are federal programs that, uh, were there. There's all, there's all a federal program that's, uh, welfare for, for mothers, welfare for, for kids, Yeah, well, welfare for, well, welfare rules, where we do so, medically in the last eight years, we had a democratic prison, also a firm at a backstitch vanishing, and, uh, but you don't want to hear those things. I mean, you know, I got to do a break now. I could talk to the sky from now until midnight, but there's no point. There's no point. He disagrees on virtually. I'm almost having, uh, part of the Republican platform, but, uh, you know, what's, what's the use? I'm not here to try to convince you, sir, have a great life. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T line. 10 after a lot of the QAN. When you fuck back, this is Dan Rattler reporting for the CBS TV News. CBS Orpheus cannot confirm that a man charged with counting ballots has been caught eating chats. The man has been removed from his counting duties, and will be undergoing psychiatric evaluation. More details tonight on the CBS evening news. But now this is Dan Rattler reporting. He only counts the night in the lack of light. He will be the only single one until his count on the night. How does it like Dan, till his man out going he comes to bed at the dead. He's a little bit more than a hundred. He's a little bit more than a hundred. He's a little bit more than a hundred. He's a little bit more than a hundred. He's a little bit more than a hundred. He's a little bit more than a hundred. He's a little bit more than a hundred. He's a little bit more than a hundred. He's a little bit more than a hundred. He's a little bit more than a hundred. He's a little bit more than a hundred. He's a little bit more than a hundred. He's a little bit more than a hundred. In the last 60, 65, 65, 65, 65, 65, 65, 65, 65, 65, 65, 65, 65, 65, 65, 65, 65, 65, 65, 65. That's a little bit more than a hundred. How many hours? He's a little bit more than a hundred. His whole heart is going to be just 6, 6, 6, 16. on the air, you're already on Napster. There are only a few bets from each of your last three CDs that I haven't seen the rest of there for the taking. I thought people told you that already. No. They did not. Oh, says Bill and Ford Lottodale. Everything's on Napster. Well, there's an act great. Isn't this terrific that all the youth of America have discovered a great way to go out and steal stuff, including stuff that's intended for charity, so that we can't raise money anymore. I say, this is the last time we do the CDs next time, we'll just do key change and other sort of stuff that can't be duplicated. We do the touch keys. Yeah, touch keys. Not t-shirts. They don't want those t-shirts. CDs and they'll come up, I mean, the key change and some other stuff. Do you see it's your only hope? And then of course, they'll figure out a way to make those two. 560, 560 because dishonesties were at that, baby. We were in it for the way because values were at that. Just like Alex Rodriguez, with his $21 million year to play baseball. I'm delighted that that happened. You want to know why? Because I've been saying for like six or seven years now that baseball was on the way out, that there were destroying themselves. On the one hand, they're all screaming, we're losing money and we're doing this and we're doing that. And we need new stadium, which we're here in here all the time. So we can pay a bunch of privy dollars, 10 and 15 and $20 million here. Wait, how does it end? What is it end? This shouldn't convince everybody in this town that anybody who might even think to be a one penny of money for a John Henry for a goddamn baseball stadium, you got to be crazy. You got to be almost as crazy as he is himself with his fantasy. I must be crazy, I must be nuts. And you are. The think that we're going to build you with stadium, so you can pay a bunch of your raise a lot more money so you can pay guys, $15 and $20 million a year for ball games. Especially in the town that don't give a crap about it in the first place. Here's Miami, hello. Yes, sure. Yes, about the key change. Yeah. I think this was the reason why you all know that region money. Yeah. So I have a friend and I have one man. I try to buy one and I'll have it more. Yeah, I know. Should I have a lot more of them? Right. And I'll focus on the CD. I love it. Okay. Thanks. See you there, sir. Again, why can we have about about 15,000 more guys like him in the audience? They like the CD. They want to buy it. They would buy a key change if we had a lot more of them, but we don't. We production yours offered like a hundred bucks. Yeah. They're not getting mine. And the CD either. They are key change. Why do I keep calling this? Well, let's talk a little CD. Maybe if you open it up, there's like something in there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on it. We still got no decision yet from these two frames. They're not in any big hurry. Of course, they're pretty embarrassed. They're trying to do it the way that's not going to make it more embarrassing that already is the idea that the judicial branch is in effect selecting the executive branch. I mean, do you think the founding fathers had anything in mind like this? No. They left their freaking constitution. Of course not. Absolutely not. And these are the five states, right? Justices, by the way, who are always screaming in the out of our state. There is one piece of good news though. Ohio voucher program will unconsetotional. A federal appeals court yesterday to clear the Cleveland School voucher program on constitution reporting lower court ruling that it's use of public money to send children to procure schools, reaches the first amendment separation of church and state. Yeah. How do you like that? I love it. The two to one decision, which include a vitriolic exchange among the judges. I think one of them said, God, Daniel. Set the stage for a US Supreme Court showed on in one of the most contentious issues in education politics. It comes a month after voters in Michigan and California rejected school voucher programs in Bellar initiatives. Just say, all to school vouchers. We certainly hope everyone will get the message that Robert H. Chan and General Council for the National Education Association. The message is that focus on improving the public schools and stop playing around with vouchers as a panacea. In the ruling judge Eric Clay argued that the Cleveland program did not present the financial options because few non-religious private schools and no suburban public schools have opened their doors. Their scheme involves the grant of state aid directly and predominantly the coffers of private religious schools and it is on question that these institutions and corporate religious concepts, notice and themes into all facets of their educational program planning role play. It Clinton the point of the joining the opinion by a bush appointee, Judge Eugene E. Tyler, how do you like that? And that's another one of the parts of the Republican platform that most of us disagree with vehemently on this program, vouchers. Subsitizing religious schools, sub the clear conflict of the separation of the first church and state and the first amendment. But nevertheless, but don't confuse the reason I mentioned that is because our Cuban revolking before, maybe we'll change his mind. No, no. Well, here's kids are probably going to private Catholic schools. Oh, good. Or maybe they're getting molested. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, five and six. And see, never hear a word about any of that stuff from me. Those people seen a label here. No, we both said that little monkey, you know, with the hands of the eyes in the ears. Here, no, we will see no evil. Don't keep saying all these terrible things even though they're true. It's not stuck in the church because it's just the creates all these conflicts because I know I'm doing the wrong thing and subsidizing a bunch of grave robbers and the corrupt bastards. How dare you say that? Here's Cutlery, a cello. Hey, Neil, how are you? You're great. Speaking of the Cuban Republican friend who's probably not listening to it right now. Sure, he is. Well, he's not paying attention to what he's he's hearing of. He said that if you couldn't follow the instructions your folks shouldn't count. I like the irony of that considering that one's who wanted to spend it included on the balance because they couldn't follow the English instructions. They wanted to spend it as well. I think it's very ironic. And then as far as, the him buying into the Republican idea that the Republicans are there. It's shrink government and put the power back into your hands. The reality of the court that they're making tax cuts for the rich. So we're going to be controlling this country even more than the already are. And the middle class is dead as you and I both know it is. And it's not going to get any better. You know, our goal was talking about campaign finance reform and nobody cared about it. Yeah. And we're talking about it. Which is new. There's no way to put through a middle class reform bill unless you get Congress out of the hands of these corporate power people. And if they continue to subsidize Congress, then you can't introduce the middle class reform bill because then I've been up to the other down. The energy I'm coming from. Yeah. But the Republicans keep saying this with a middle class. Yes, they cut my dick attacks for the rich and till the middle class. I just think it's interesting. They'll say a plague on both of these parties. They both feel, though, that's why we have a shrinking and vanishing middle class because both of these parties are full of crap. The broken old game. Yeah, they all came along and talked about that and nobody gave it to him. Well, parole was in idiot. parole talked a bunch of glittering generalities. What do you mean parole came along and talked about that? parole was an embassy. I've been trying to stuff with white people that's correct. They didn't surround himself for the right years. Is that what you said to? No. Oh, that's what I said. Oh, my God. parole came along. Oh. Oh. Do I hear a necklorn here or what? Yeah. That was good. Feel much better now. MCNN says you asked ruling from the Supreme Court on Florida. Recall could come at any time, anytime. No. I'll see if right on the edge of your seats or not. They should also put on their own, not as the case may be. It could come at any time, could come a little while. Could, who knows when it's going to come, scratch court and the ruling too? Yeah. A little Ross Perok came along here. Hey, we're all up here, slaves. They got all those old studies up there and just stuff the old studies. We're all up there. We're going to pick up the hood and get them to do do do. I mean, this man appeal. I understand why people are desperate. They're looking for an alternative, a third party. But he wasn't the answer any more than Ralph Nader was. He was the answer to the double making a comeback. That's about it. Five, six, seven, a doubt upon it in two points. And as they start about 25. But as soon as we get that announcement from the Supreme Court, all of a sudden, Major, Blip. Here's a mobile in Western. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. You know, I was just listening. I grew up down here in South Florida and I've been listening to cue for a long time. And I just got crazy when that Cuban Republican called out from was against the police cell cell programs and stuff like that. Yeah. Obviously, it has a very short memory because in the 60s and in the 70s, it had always free food programs. All the Cubans that came out of Cuba, all the rest of you, and again, for all the Marriela, that was a came out. You used to dry it up in their cataracts and Lincoln's and pick up the, you know, the block the cheese and the butter and food and everything else and just don't take it home. I noticed the sparks are driving up in their cataracts for an out too. You know, I, you know, I have no control, but, you know, the latins used to, or just, Okay, well, I'm glad you like the latins, sir. Thank you. I don't want to hear about chicken Cubans. What am I going to do today, okay, between now and two o'clock, I've had Cubans and bilingualism and all this crap. I know you were hate Cubans. Fine. Hey, no one till it comes out of your ass. Hey, no one till you got a quiet bill that grows on your goddamn penis. I don't care. Go ahead, I'm going to tell you your four skin starts growing back. I don't give a crap. I can't stomach it. I can't stand it. And I disagree with the guy, but he's got a right to call. Talk coming is that when Americans, not Cubans Americans, but one like Americans who are born here, who may have even owned Paul Revere of somewhere, or a bit on a horse with them, how come when they call him say the same goddamn crap Republicans that we don't hear these calls? See, that's where the guy made a mistake. He's a Cubano. Well, so what's the big deal? He's a Cubano Republican. Like that's a novelty or something. That's where you made him a stacer. I don't want to hear it. Call up Sandy Pateville. Get your home goddamn phone number. 25 years of hate. That's all I hear in this town from you goddamn people. You hate. And then he starts talking about Latin. Latin. Not just Cubans. Latin. Hold on. The same. Yeah, right. What are they going to start picking on the goddamn believing in the same thing? They got them believing in Zalredi. As soon as they'll find a couple. First Simon Boulevard, what we need him. I'm sorry, Simone. Ain't every store free, Jane? I'm going to La Paa. Are we just going to take a path? 26, thanks to 11 at 560 WQW. The Neil Roger show. Your sports radio. 560. You. Hey. Hey, man bitch. I fucked them. I think they're going to show. Oh, right. I went to a Nordian town. Look at four of those and I could dance. Everyone's hoping they're doing a thing. We're all thinking they may see me doing that thing. We're not. They're the five out of that. They're the five out of that. They can find it all over the store, but we're begging them to jailhouse. Oppa's at 47 was hanging in May 3. They were the cutest couple that I ever seen. This one in May was Iron Me with a twitch. He said, come over here. So why can't you make you my bitch? So let's. They can find it. They can find it. They can find it. They can find it. They can sell mine. We're begging at the jailhouse. The one opposite was standing on the lawn. In the fall, Jesus, walking was hard to stone. The war said, buddy, what you doing over there. Thank yourself, it is May equine. We're acting in that chair. Let's fuck. They're fighting at. Oh, right. They can find easy in the cell box. We're begging at the jailhouse. We're. We have a 30-56 in WCM tours. You're going to be leaving in a couple minutes and in general, Royce, he's going to drive up to the welfare office. You're going to be blocking that cheese. It's good cheese. They get a hunko cheese. Come to the free slicer. 560, 560, pound-560, and that's what we're going to be doing from noon to noon. We're going to be sitting here cutting the cheese right on here. I'll have it a big hunk. So you're letting that way only got two calls at the board. Because I said a sick and parent-e-hinter about people. I don't care if we have any calls. Because if that's all you people can talk about it, you need serious mental health. I hear alienages came back. 560, 560, pound-560, and this one, the mention or ficken town. God, here's a mobile and money lake, shall I? I don't know. Yes, sir. I just wanted to make a comment. I've been here all my life, and I've seen this community just go to the dawn. In a crapper, yeah? And also the Republican Party has been known for their underhanded dealing, such as the Iran-Catera and Watergate. Basically they're revisiting themselves by bringing it here to Florida with Florida Gates. You got it? And I really, a little bit upset about this because I'm going to register for this as I was 18. And I really don't understand why they're making the people suffer because without the people, what was they doing? There was a great, somebody actually had a good call yesterday, and it's a super talkback show. Once you get in, which means they have super cars, or maybe it was just an email. I said, why don't we just save all the money and stop wasting our time voting? Let's just let the Supreme Court pick the president from now on. And we, yeah. And we, because that's what we're taking out of all the bureaucrats, man. All the debaters and the ladies, they, if it's become a part, because they're going to dilute the vote every time with, if they don't, computer has the vote or upgrade the voting system, we're going to be at Trump. Now if we don't do it in the way that they can be held accountable, what's the point in the first place? Okay, good luck to you, pal. Thank you. I'll see you at the airport. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. He didn't, he don't hate anybody, at least he didn't say it did. Thank goodness for him. Come on, let's hear it. Who do you hate? Who is it that we were giving all those handouts to? Is it the Cuban? Is it the Schwarzys? Was it those frickin' Jews that got out of the Italian? Who is it that he had the gypsies? Well, now you tell the French Canadians where we figure out yesterday. See, our part company with myself on that business about all the hate, because French can, oh, I don't hate them. I'd like to surprise them. And there are different between hating the spies. Oh, yeah. So we hate them when you're around, then, or we'll find them. See, hate sounds bad. The spies is at least a little easier to say. I just spies, I hate them. Okay, where we going? Let's go to Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Why are you doing the deck? I'm doing okay in spite of these idiots. Well, the Marley Common is a busy American people along themselves will be led by the noses by the two major political parties. Uh-huh. They're not seeking their options. Now you're talking. Okay. My major concern is that people have forgotten the fact that basically the structure still on its empathy compared to the rest of the world. Because you've technically been around for 224 years, we still have to go through growing pains. Unfortunately, people don't want to be bad about it. And people's own greed namely the two major political parties. They're not in it for anyone's benefits up their own. And until the American people do not, basically, for these people in their place, but the politicians are not as good as they do. When does that's going to happen? No. God knows. Unfortunately, the country is going to hell with a handbag because of these politicians. And they're along with the opposite. And even worse, the opposite is that the American public is along with the opposite. Well, the American public, I guess, has happened. The Dallas Rodriguez is making 21 million dollars a year. And that's a kind of, and that we can build new stadiums for them. And even though when they build new stadium in CL, of course, they get rid of all those three players. But nevertheless, I mean, it's just, it's just ridiculous. The whole set of vendors in the American public are upside down. That will priority on upside down. Education forget about it, you know? Yeah, do you realize what a quarter of a billion dollars would do to the nation's education system? Yeah, that's right. I've had one thing. All that money, and of course, he's right from here in Miami, Alex Rodriguez. All that money he's going to be getting these next 10 years. A lot of textbooks for these kids in Dave Cate go home. I read it without textbooks because there aren't enough to go around so they can have books to take home. Well, then again, that's a very, I have a, So, you know, if you look through history, there's only one culture that was always at down and it's over last year, probably less or less. Well, for those exceptions, you know, millennia's ago. Yeah. They came to Lebanon park. Yeah. We'll basically, of course, of the entire world, the population. Right. After that, with England, that, you know, for I look for, I still went out, conquered the well-aligned, and, you know, they were looking for the power at the time. Now it's a matter. The miles could be an agriculture in this country is people do not wait there. And people do not look at what's going on around the world in the economy. We're going to end up in theory. More than that final out of Sony TV sets, you're right. Okay, listen, have a great day, pal. Good luck. Life goes on. Thank God I live in the Netherlands. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 suit, where does pictures? Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like I said in this future life, which may be coming very soon. Now, what's the thing? Who's going to be a photographer? Not boy. Yeah. He can specialize in photographing scenes of nothingness, you know? Instead of things that are like really profound and like, wow, look at that. Like, just bland nothingness, because he's already got a good start with these pictures. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the ATT. We're still waiting here. We're just killing time because I know that all of you are just dying over there. That would be a good poll. What's your, what's your more, what's up about hating the Cubans or the election outcome? That's a great poll. How's our poll coming? Not a tremendous response so far because it's not about the election. See, why aren't you people so wonderful? I know that you're very easily led. You're very easily manipulated by the media. And if they tell you that OJ was the most important thing that's all they want to talk about. If they tell you that Ailyon was the most important thing, that's all they want to talk about. And that was a solution crap. You could smell it yesterday when I just refused to carry the put the audio on here. And I have not made no apology for that. It's boring. It's terminal. They're not going to say anything new. They're not going to say anything different. They're not going to, you're not going to have any idea from the questions they ask what the ruling is going to be. And they keep telling you that. So what's the point of listening in the first place? I mean, you're playing a thing that I can think about getting obsessed with. Like that counterback there on the wall behind that and get obsessed about that. Yeah. But that's important. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. Hey, you know, how are you? Pretty good. I got a question with regards to these news polls whenever you see, you know, they're doing polls. Political polls would have you and they give a little plus or minus 2% or 4% would have you. Is that simply based upon sampling and then they're extrapolating what they think the overall vote would have been. Well, obviously it's based on a lie because all the polls, you know, when they say it was a plus or minus 2%. The polls were all wrong. But he's almost all of a wrong way to fill the election. Well, the reason I bring it out is if you take the number of votes that they're now claiming Bush is the head of Gore, which is what 300 plus. And divide that into the number of votes you have in the state, which is 4 million plus. Yeah. You've got 1,1001 percent. No, no, no, no, no, no. That's just million votes. Not properly, it's not the state. Population of the states are 15 million. Okay. So then you're looking at, you know, probably 2,1000s of 1%. What is my point is? What is how I know that the pop-ed of the obvious we are there to win by one vote. But if you know that there's all of this cloud above this, who in their right mind with any education would think that it could be that tight. I mean, we have plus or minus, you know, 3 or 4 percent on some weak polls. And here we are trying to, you know, take the most important job in the world. And, uh, I'm sure you're in your, why are you doing this to yourself? We're never going to know that we're so much when you're using it in our cake way to try to determine how people are voting. And then you have all these old-farts holding these ballots up to the sky. Is there like coming through? Is there, well, what are we talking about? There is no way to know. I know it's frustrating, but please accept that if I've never tried anything else that you believe that. There is no way we'll ever, you know. Well, the worst part is, you know, you got the young people who, probably, could if they all voted, make the majority rule, but most of them are so apathetic. The voting, and here's a perfect example. Well, well, well, well, why, why, why shouldn't they be apathetic? First of all, look at the candidate you got. Second of all, look at the fraud and the corruption. Well, why should young people waste their time getting involved in this? What's the point? Right. And these candidates really do show their true colors when all of this, you know, crab. Maybe they're smarter than we are, sure that our wife and their time with this crab. In fact, I showed all of you young people out there who didn't get involved in the Baghdad with his book. Ah, well, the luchu. 24 noon at 5.60 WQM. Well, ready, and done, I have dirt. Waitress, I'm going downtown, and you can go and meet each other. We see the screen off the side of this. If you can meet, I'll come out at 1.80 W. No, you're gonna hit target booth, and meet the best friend of all by me. They're hitting the bus. You're shooting some keys. That will be the new day. The stuff that don't appease, it's a stop here on the screen. That even if you say, this is so easy. So, there's what can be. Now, you say I need to be going. You go away. There's a two wide exchange. If you forget about it, you know, doubt about it, you know. While the cost of rated, I just grab a gap. It's a constant, it's time to win. It's a power of my type of electric. I'm listening to you, and you're here at the end of the day. I've gone through your vinaecule with war. I said my choice was to cry. That's all I can do. Now, I've gone to the food that's good. But I hopped you to the home. You will do two different things. I say blue. Forget the deadies. Why? Let me tell you, man. I'm not crazy. I had to build my slaves. To have a seat. You see that? Just see how the wrapper? I'm a singer. I'll skip this. You know what? The ask is... The... The... The... The... The singer. The singer. The singer. The singer. The singer. The singer. Yeah, I wonder if, uh, Ali, on head is happening with it today. What do you think? Well, it's getting close to the last time. I'm worried about it. 14 to noon is 5. 6. WCWM. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. They're doing the weather on CNN. So, you know, that we don't have any news from the US Supreme Court. Now, since today is December 12, and it's the kind of semi-efficient day for, you know, the next year's, all the legislators waiting for them are like officially, you know, they're there, they're in the process today, they're going to wrap it up tomorrow. Which it seems to me, and again, I'm no legal expert, I'm like your girlfriend. But it seems to me that if they do that, then even leaves directors kind of like up in Limbois, it leaves them open to question. Let's put it that way. You know what I'm saying? But I think if you listen to rap music, it should give you a real good idea of why I don't want to go into it. Or the American education system be at? And I was told to be before, like in Amsterdam, and I think you can bring in that up, but I do spend a lot of time there. I have an apartment there. I lived there like 17 months out of a year, 17 months. That's not bad. 17 weeks? Or 17 months? Please. But anyway, you know, and there's places where I shop, there's one market where it is owned by Chinese people. Going there to get maybe like a candy bar, bottle of water, whatever. Chinese people, from China, like from, and they speak of course, Chinese, and they speak Dutch because they live there and they do their business there. And they speak perfect English. And I'm sure they want people for when they're in speak of them in French or Spanish, or maybe even German. They probably speak some of that language too. Or like if I go into an establishment, they speak to me in Dutch. And I say, I'm sorry, I don't speak Dutch as big English. Guess what? They speak English to me. Because almost everybody there speaks English. It's mandatory second language in school. And they don't look at me like, I'll work tomato. Can't you speak Dutch? Huh? Are you promoting the bilingual propaganda? I'm just saying that the sight, no, bilingualism doesn't work. But they don't have bilingualism there, officially. But my point is why is everybody in this country so God damn uptight about people speaking another language? What's the problem? And yes, I've had instances where I find it offensive, where people speak perfect English, like those kids in the elevator from power 96. Well, it's big and a power 96. Thanks to John Gireris, another the power 96 people brought us to check for plant parenthood. So that's two and two days. Any QAM sales table bring in checks live two days? No. Anybody from management? No. Other than doff? No. And see they have no shame. You can't shame these people in the gig because they won't do it. They won't do it. They don't understand you. Broadcasting is all about about what's here. And he is all about about this program. It's all about all the things that we make them a lot of money. We get big ratings and that's it. And then I'm going to pay the news and they hate me like poison. But I don't have that's all they know. All right. I just for the life of me. Don't understand what the big sentence with you people is about language. Why is it such a psychotic thing? I mean it's a great excuse to hate people. There's no question about that. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. How are you going now? Okay. I think it could solve the problem between the gore and bush campaign problem. I think we should just have wilder of them. It's president. Yeah. There you go. Or maybe Armando Goudieras. Gonzalez and Goudieras. Regent. What are how long are you took him to get up? How many hours do you think it took? Yeah. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon where was line? And out of town 877, 785, 6345. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. All good. Okay. That's all the line. Yeah. That's all that are in this big, dizzy over who's going to be the next president, bush or gourd. Because to me, it doesn't matter, really. It matters more to me who's the next crux that's going to be our local, like the official, getting away $60 million to a local developer or something. Yeah. That's more important. You know, those are parts, those are schools, those are roads that they don't. Right. It built. And obviously people are going to take to the hospital. Don't you understand, like I said before, it's the public being manipulated. Because the media tells them that this is the most important thing every four years, they're supposed to get all worked up into a dizzy and so they do it. And because it looks like somebody stole the election or somebody didn't see it, whatever the political viewpoint, therefore they get duly outwrages in psychotic about it. But you make it very good plan. I've said that for years, the things that happen around you, like the closer to home, the more important that there's nobody cares about that. Yeah. You said that for first time, I've got to go back to school. I've got to go back to school. I've got kids going to school in Dave County who can't even go to, you know, you get like two minutes per lunch every day and who don't have textbooks to take home. Nobody cares about that. Nobody. Exactly. Exactly. I wish that these people that are calling in getting all worked up about that would realize that when they're local tax dollars are squandered because of the cooks that are elected as politicians, that has more of an impact than who the next president is. Well, that's not a way to say that. We're just facing number of taxes, no matter who the president is. But how that money spent locally from higher local tax dollars, that has more of an impact than what they're doing in Washington. Yeah. Good luck to us, pal. Have a great day. Just like I tried to tell people all those months that you won't get whipped up about Ali on. Oh, my God. I told you, it doesn't amount to a hell of beans. It means nothing. It's meaningless. And all the people that were getting crazy on both sides for quite a lot. Why? Why? For what? He's gone. Maybe he's having his half in the meal. Maybe he's not, which means you lived ten, fifteen years longer. But regardless, it didn't affect my life. It didn't affect most of your any of your lives. But again, it was just something that the media got everybody all crazy about. And right away, you followed the group step in line. I'm sorry. I just find a tragic that you're so easy. Here's the call for more land though, hello. Yeah, I think I'll be on a page post today. The Florida State Association of Supervisors of Elections began a 3-day orientation in Tampa yesterday. Fifteen new supervisor of elections and eight veterans were there. And when Teresa LePore announced her name, she said chuckling nervously softly. The 15 nearly elected supervisors and eight veterans in the room listened politely and finally. And then they gave her a long, loud round of applause. Really? And she said quote, you'll get me calling. Now, let's go vote. She'll call. I'd like to get her crying. She's on queer street now. Uh-huh. Well, she knows all the reason about the crying game. Okay. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the 83. And Verizon Wireless Line for a good sir, excellent. It says on air today is the target date for Florida and choose presidential electors. The only problem is we're still waiting for the Supreme's to start singing. You have to think that Clarence Thomas, you can probably carry a cool attune. Here's Miami, hello. Miami, yes sir. How are you doing? Okay. Well, basically I want to make you comments. What thing I want to reiterate the fact that the Dutch people are absolutely incredible people. And they have something else that we don't have. And they have non-cancer oranges out there soon. The orange juice and those coffee shops are falling off. There you go. Another thing I want to say is that that Joker Cobb is saying, hey, it doesn't matter what goes on up there and this and the other. But I don't think the people understand that these wonderful special sessions that the Republicans have caught these last couple years. They're not free. You know, they cost as money and it comes out of, you know, all pay checks anyway. Yeah, but look, if the public didn't care about the 60 or 70 million per penis gate, this you're not care about it. It's small change. Yeah, but they're not buying me drinks up there. So, you know, I mean, it's, it becomes bothersome. Yeah. You know, it's no more free car rolls and stuff like that. Right. But, you know, one day we'll find wake up and become as liberated as the tolerant people out there and I wonder for one to land in town. Don't hold your breath, pal. Thanks, pal. I'll see you on the fly. I'll see you on the damwack. Okay. I'll see you at the mark the murkies on the damwack. I was told Georgia about that. It's, of course, almost all restaurants there are ethnic restaurants. And they're all in piloted jettement. They think people are Italians. They're like real Italians. They came from Italy. Not greetos who talk about mozzarella and cup of Google and that's like real Italians. And you go in there, they speak English. I mean, with an accent, but who cares? They speak English. They speak Dutch. And they speak German. They speak French. And they speak Spanish. They speak it upon me. And what's the big deal? And you want to know why? Because it's good business. And if you don't speak with your language, they don't look as you like. Yeah. Oh, I will say then, see, I'm getting sucked into it now. Because there are places in this town where if you go in and don't speak the right line, where did they look at you? And you know what? You just don't speak with those establishments. You say, but to you, that's all. You put that little thing to up in the air. You say, bye, bye. Bye, bilingual. Oh, see, there it goes again. They haven't you gone to get the cheese yet? Yeah, Boker Brian came in. He's going to be doing the rest of the show in there today because your just on a way to pick up a free cheese for this month. Tuesday is also a powder bag day. Oh, God. Oh, it's big and eggs, you know, they do go bad if you leave in the refrigerator too long. Yeah. Oh, yeah, I get a call on Saturday morning sitting there watching all this stuff about the election. And they're counting votes again in the phone rings. And it's my mother. Now, I'm worried sick. I have something really crucial to discuss with you. I'm worried sick. Those were her exact words. She has something crucial. But I was at the house. I noticed that you boys have some eggs in the refrigerator. And you know, they eggs have an expiration date. Now, first of all, I asked John, I said, if you ever bought eggs, because I never see a making egg. No, I never buy it because I don't make, I don't cook eggs. I don't like eggs, other than the omelet. So I know she brought them when she stays there. What she denies. She brought them. And you know, they say you can get sound vanilla. I said, how much is he making this year? And we'll position this heat plate. I said, I'm going to go right now and throw them out. I'm just worried sick about I said, I'm going to the refrigerator right now. And I'm going to throw them out, ma. All the way, I should have done this. I should have said, we're going to go make omelets right now. And see if there's still any good. Then she had something to be worried sick about. This is 560, 2AL, 430, 560, WDQAM, Miami Fort Loderdale, a measly broadcast group station. WDQAM.com with all the work. It's a thing, down my head, there's George Bush. God, that's going to stop me, God. It's for me, God, that's for me, God. God, that's for me, God. Yes. Make sure that George Bush wants to know about it. It's for me, God, that's for me. George, I'm just worried sick about it. George, I'm just worried sick about it. George, I'm just worried sick about it. George, I'm just worried sick about it. George, I'm just worried sick about it. George, I'm just worried sick about it. George, I'm just worried sick about it. George, I'm just worried sick about it. George, I'm just worried sick about it. George, I'm just worried sick about it. George, I'm just worried sick about it. I'm just worried sick about that. George, I'm just worried sick about it, God. aluminum, what's 9441 is that in the Palm Beach? I don't know, where is 941 area code? Skyline aluminum, what any rate the essence of it is? Well, if somebody wants to live here, they have to have to have to learn our language. If we went to live in another country, we could still speak English. We need to learn their language too. It says, well, guess what? That's wrong. Fort Myers. Oh, oh, oh, and I'm giving credibility to them as four Myers. You do live in another country. Sure, you're in Fort Myers. I can live in Amsterdam for the next 30 years, and never learn to speak 20. A few words of Dutch, that's all I need. They're speaking Dutch. They're people live in all over other rest of the world. Don't speak the native language. And they somehow get along, pick the way through. If they're smart, they learn a few words enough. You know, they get buying that's it. So, 560, 0560, pound 560 on the 18 to just why you need it to be lectured by those intellectuals over there in Fort Myers. Oh, man, are they sharp or what? Here's a mobile and bokeh, hello. Hi, how are you doing? I'm doing great. I just want to say, new listener, I enjoy your straight shooting talk. I heard you in George talking this morning about the keypite. Two points might be missing. A 1500 lot cost the same both times, unless you order them on an expedited basis, or he ordered them from a different supplier. And as far as the Gore and Bush thing, I know we're all getting fed up, but we can't quit just because we're fed up with it. What do you mean? What do you mean? What is that mean? Well, I'm kind of pleased that Gore's following this interview. I'm fed up as well, but it's like low, low wrestling. If he hadn't been on top of everybody's fed up, so he'll take it because we're tired. You just happen to be on top when we're fed up. Well, I mean, because you're fed up, it all depends on what you're fed up with. I'm glad that you followed it all the way to you, but there comes a point at which you've lost and you have to say, and then when the Supreme Court doesn't come down, they will against them. He's going to have to concede. But the fact is that the last week, maybe. But to immerse yourself in it and become engrossed in it, and if you've smoothed them almost everything else, like millions of people have done, I'm sorry. That's not for me to do. I'm not that well-wipped up about it. I'm wicky. I'm just glad Gore stuck at a little bit longer than I was. I agree. I'm going to do on that. So the sooner it's over, let's be done. Let's get going and do things. A match right here. Okay, every great day, pal. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You are Supreme Court rolling on the... Any second day we involve any time it says, and any second. At any time, or could not come at any time. And there's that judgmental Frank says, no. But on it, my better couple of all worried about the public and his blow jobs. That's not being a good thing for a group. And above and the blow jobs, that's not bad. Or like a song like, will you in the hand drive, above and the blow jobs? There you go. Bulkabran. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Nick, how are you doing? I'm doing good. Hey, listen, I had a rumor, right? Down Supreme Court judges. They wouldn't have flipping the corn, man. Trying to figure out what he's going to do is, oh, he's going to be the bush, right? But it's on the bush part. I'm probably trying to flip it over. Never hear a corn in a man. So you're going to need to keep all the way to the end. When you're on the front and says, head is better than some head is better than none or some like that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. We just killed on some time waiting for that to big rolling to come down. We're waiting. As if the whole my life is just hinting on in the ears. Haven't you got that cheese yet? Here's Carl Gable, hello. Hi, how are you doing? Okay. I'm sure you know about the Justice Scalia and his two sons. Yes, I do. So we had done on the yesterday. Well, there's more. If you go to bushwatch.com or there's a late breaking story, of course it takes the examiner or a British paper to it. I'm covered it. But, Jad Jomko Thomas's wife works for the legal firm that's working for the Bush Transition team. Yeah. Well, that's for the conflict of interest. All of course. I think. Look, of course there's a conflict of interest. And of course it's all political. It's by the all these talking heads on the networks that are trying to make it seem like there's some objectivity. And all these people that used to be aids to this justice. And there's no objectivity. It's all political. Anybody who doesn't believe that is a moron. Yeah, well, I understand that. But it's not. It's not. It's not. Unbelievable. That's what our system is based upon. It's based upon all this, you know, one hand, we're a wife, the other in wife you're asked with us. That's what it's based on. Well, I agree with what you said yesterday and that the objectivity of the press is totally gone. And what are they? And all of this information is sitting out there. But. And kind of. And the kind of stuff you're talking about, you have to go to some website somewhere. Just like the pictures of bushwatch the drinking of booze, all these other things. Because the media is like, you know, they're wrapped up in their own whatever it is. They're on little world. And let's get a British paper or something. Right. Well, I don't think most people are being the British papers. They don't speak that language. They don't speak that. They don't speak that. They have to legitimize it because otherwise, how could they cover it and give it all this credibility. And that's what the media does. Because the media is pandering to what they perceive to be the majority of the public. Most people are Democrats or Republicans and Square everybody else. That's what the media basically says. 560-50560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Many lines open sitting and waiting there for you. Let's see, we really get them going there on the, on the, uh, plant-parenthood fundraiser. What we got in there. Two orders today on there. Let's 40 bucks more for the best of the a lot on our website, 40 more bucks. At that rate by December of 2025, we might get to 100 grand. Here's Fort Waterdale, hello. Hello. Yes sir. I was in your show about 20 minutes ago. There was a commercial on with the Todd Simpson, the big defenseman. Yeah. We're going to turn this thing around. Well, he's injured so he ain't going to be part of the car. Yeah. I'm going to hit someone. What a stupid commercial. They're trying to, so take it to the, and how I want to go to a pamper named, they suck. Yeah. I mean, just the commercial maybe last. I haven't ever get where he had the all started. You see, they always managed to come up with some obfuscation. The new deal is now we're getting the all star game in three years like. And they're using that story to cover up the fact that it's to disaster and nobody's gotten fired yet. It's unconscionable. I just can't, everybody's wondering, wondering how loud how many naked pictures the Murray's must have. I'm surprised you didn't say anything after the commercial. I heard you do a sound when they said we're going to turn off. Yeah. Well, we know what am I going to say. I'm going to start opening for that. But I'm to put a commercial like that. Yeah. They suck. Okay. Well, you've said that three times now. I agree. But we don't rip the commercials. In fact, we, that's enough. Five, six, seven, five, six. The, of course, if this were a tower that you would care about that, then both in reason they're one out of town on a real long time ago. I'm probably missed a bow tie, built through with them. But they don't just don't care enough. I mean, didn't care if we had, if you could see the goal like go on the first you in the new arena, I was doing the one to care about that and scream the horror and force them and bear us them in the putting in goal lights that people can actually see. And then they didn't care what we got Pavel Break because they had no idea who that was. And you expect me to, you know, waste my time here. I mean, I care about it, but they don't. And I have this thing that just motivates me, it's called the need to survive. Do you need to get that checked twice a month? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Well, yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah, just with the stuff you stereotypes, I'm Latin, I do speak English and I've what if we're going? Oh, I got. But it was not to the five to four miles. I looked in Mexico for five years with 200 other Americans. And probably about four or five of them actually learned Spanish after the four or five years. So that's it. There are thousands and thousands and thousands, maybe millions of Americans living abroad and they for whatever reason. How about if you lived in China? How about if you had some kind of a job in China? Unless you're actually doing business with the Chinese people? How want to work with you learn their language? Right. All right. Thank you, sir. Okay, thanks. I mean, just look at those guy named Simbles. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. I'd like to hear from some women today who aren't upset about bilingualism. If we could hear from one between onto a clock, who aren't all with them about that, then it's all a care about. I've never seen anything like it in my life. That's all I care about. It's how much they hate the Cubans and about bilingualism, which of course all ties in with that because it's a great excuse to hate the Cubans and then the other guy, they'll all the latins with that generalization. As if all latins vote alike anyway, which they don't. Because Gorgot far away the majority of Hispanic vote in this last election nationwide. But don't confuse these people with the fact, because Hispanics be bad. Cubans are Hispanic. They hate the Cubans, they're for the hate all Hispanics. And since Hispanics come from some of the countries, they hate everybody from any other foreign country. And on and on a course. And let me say it again. You little in the end are all locals over the Air and Fort Myers. You don't need any instructions online from you guys, okay? Because you are in another country and you still can't speak English. 9 minutes after noon at 5.60 WQM. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 5.60. You hate him. Oh, I got the red barrique partial delays. Headquarters and Washington, the Jim Baker Singers. I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know, I know. And I said, I don't do the new republic in Fort Myers. I'm coming back to the south of Washington. I know, I know, I know, I know. That's how the future truck failed. And I knew you were going to have your channel, but that's pretty stupid with a... Very excellent. Yeah, we're general, we're not going to show you where we are. I know, I know. He told me that you do. I know, I know, they made it. I don't get that doing here. Well, 14 at 5.60 WQM. Every time I see him, every time they put his disgusting, grotesque posts on TV that James Baker just sends a chill up and down my spine. I forget that same feeling that I did on the train from Amsterdam to Cologne when we crossed the German border. And they announced, this train is now in the hands of the German police. Yeah. And I thought, oh, team, we're going to get a free shower in this train trip too as that included in the parts of the ticket. 5.60, 505.60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T. In fact, when you get a free shower, you don't even have to bring your own soap. Here's a lady mobile in Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hello. Yes, ma'am. I'm going to a divorce, so I can't listen to music anymore, so I listen to your new show and you correct me up and that's a good thing. Great, thank God for me. Exactly. Anyway, the whole issue that you're talking about, but the media before, it strikes me, so I was wondering if you could play the happy summer that you played the other day from Clinton, you don't impress anymore. That's about a half, I've had in about six months. Okay, you got a sweetheart. Have a good day. Hang in there. Thanks for keeping us a clickin' up. Okay. Bye. Yeah, so this is there's a lady who's not all, see, I can't stand people that want to be morbid. I don't want to be morbid about the election. Okay, pissed off for a little while. I'm not even pissed off anymore. I've reached on my stuff that whichever way it comes out, which I have a pretty good idea, which way it will, since it's taken their damn sweet time with this thing. I don't think anybody's going to be counting anything at this point, but regardless, life's going to go on. But we live in a land, in this state where we've been people thrive on being the person side card. Oh, that's another one, I like that one too. Well, we've put it all. This is like a people-loving. Oh, yeah, I think you're a part of season. You can go to the Trump, or the United States by John Sch acept. The Thank you so much! So, Paul Jones, you got a new nose. That don't impress me much. No. Well, you got the right, not a view, got the touch. That don't give me wrong. Well, I'll break your eyes. Well, back on keep me warm, let the man roll tonight. That doesn't impress me much. I'd like you and my mother to tell me, she had a slight break harder, but she kept on her song. And after she escaped, she was very the moon. She got herself the life of a window, tell me, talk. Much she still ends ugly as a pocket plug. Well, thank you so much, sir. Oh, Linda Tripp got some surgery. That don't impress me much. Well, you got the right, mother. You got the touch. That don't give me wrong. Yeah, I'll play gear all right. But then I'll keep it warm and I'll make it all the night. That doesn't impress me much. I'll come back. You forgot everybody. Linda, how about this guy, please? A big chunky girl with a purple deriate. That name gets good, nearly good, they'll hide. Well, I won't think we're leaving this much for a nor. I could have told, well, Chamberlain, how does it go? Well, that's a big shake, get your life. She's gonna keep her forever. So Monica, you lost 40 pounds. That no one could have saved her. Well, you got the pretty girl, you got the touch. And now I get the wrong. Well, thank you all right. But never give me one better than the last. I know the best name. And you're the best. I'm a big, that's right. I'm a big, that's right. Well, I'm trying to cut the rake on her car. No offense, but I think I'd rather sleep with get a star. When she gets birth, I'll break her hatch. Big ol' wigs. Heaven has to pass. Second strike. Give me a chance. I'm a big, that's right. Still Hillary, you're going to be a senator from the arc. Not Donald and Pres. There you are. You're doing well. You got the praise, but if you got the touch. I get it wrong. Well, my girl. But never give one better than the last. That's not a press, but... Like me. That is my second, the women of dress. I love you. From my P-to-560, I'm glad she called. I'm glad I could play that for because it made me smile. And anybody can smile on Florida. And so you really stand out in the crown. Yeah, I'm looking at these pictures. They Detroit planes stuck there in the airport. They're approaching up down. There's a one guy straight into coffee shop. But then he cops to protect him, which is unusual. And all these people just try and desperately to claw their wild out of the massive snowstorm. And the people down here, the sunny shining. The birds are dropping a big load everywhere they can. No extra charge. What's the problem? Why are the people here so miserable? So full of hate. Like that. What is that? What is that all about? Why is it that even when you go to these places where they have horrible weather? And they smile and you get on the elevator and they say good morning. Just like in Vegas. Everybody's friendly. Even they have a tourist. They're friendly. Good morning. How you do it? It's congested. It's crowded. But they're not elbowing you. They're not nasty. They don't look at you like you're going to pull out an action. The chopter throat. Of course it really got a lot worse. Didn't used to be quite this bad. It was always bad. But you know when somebody moved here. Oh man. They got a lot worse. Especially the ax part. If you ask me. 560560. I think going on on CNN. MSNBC. No. No. Nothing going on yet. But it could happen any second. Don't go away. That's what they keep telling us. 181 votes on our poor on needlewounders.com. Today's poor about hazing after that. Grow test story about the coconut cream baseball players are huge. Which nobody seems to care about. They don't know the one those things they'll ever respond to. Because most of the men in the audience are embarrassed by it. All those macho men. They're embarrassed. For you. Anyway hazing is unacceptable behavior. 129. 67. 100% stupid. But harmless. 39. 20. And I want to. If stupid. If that applies to the kids who got who died. In some of the hazing incidents last year. That we've read about. I guess stupid. But harmless. 12% just kids having fun. 23 asses. I mean. 22 people say that. 12%. Just kids having fun. Did you go through it a while with other guy's penises. Believe me, you're talking to somebody who knows. Then when a guy wants to mess around with some other guy's penis. Usually, there's a reason for it. Believe me when I tell you that. Good clean fun. Just just having fun. 560. 560. 560. I look at that. It just went off 5. I'm a mistake. Just do it yourself. Seriously. I've got the key chain. I haven't even touched it. The key chain. It said. So, Martian in the best. Wow. Five, six, seven. We got 400 open lines here. We'll never make it until two today, because these people are just crumbling one of the pressure. Here's a lady mobile in Miami Lake, so. No. Yes, ma'am. Hi, how are you? Great, how you doing? Good, good. I just wanted to tell you that, um, well, I work in, in my occupation. I speak to hundreds of people, day mostly from Florida and other parts of the country also, from Missouri. And the Florida people are the most miserable. Yeah. Human beings alive. They're the rootest. Yeah. Nasty. Right. And I figured out the majority of them are waiting to die. So, I'll be out of 132 years old. Correct. Others are the pseudo-intelligent women who sort of professionals and that they can make their own their own. And they like to put everybody else down because they're very insecure. And then others are just men who are either Hispanics, businessmen, and day-to-year powerful. And they just like to put people down. And it's really upsetting to see that. So, I think what you're saying is this place sucks. Absolutely. I agree with you. 100%. Well, the answer to it is if you can't get out permanently, you get out as often as you can. And that's what I do. Right. Or just hide and like. Just hide and tell me, York. OK, sweetheart. OK. Oh, we have an vaccine. You think I can do it? OK. I'm from New York. Rochester, oh, what any New York? Thank God. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hi, Neo. Forgive me for the connection. This is best as I can do. OK. The frustration seems to be like we're in a hurricane over here with the entire nation. I said America was supposed to be based on equal rights. And things like that. And equal rights. Since when was since when did that happen? Well, I guess that's what we were all expecting in thought. I mean, reality, I guess, is hitting us in the face. I think that all those people who are picking cotton, they should all have equal rights with each other. No. I was cotton picking folks. I did this whole country was based on discrimination. That's what this country is all about. We have a caste system here. You know, man. We have the upper class and then we have all the rest of us. I guess that's really what the story is. But, you know, there are a lot more people that I guess are in the majority who are not part of that proper caste system. Yeah. And whoever said that majority ruled because they were wrong. majority doesn't rule. The people were the power and the money of the ones who ruled. I say, OK, thank you. OK, well, that was good. Little Civic Lawson form there. Little lesson on reality in life. The people were the big bucks. People were the big connections. They're the ones who get the power. Those are the ones who ruled. The Kennedy's, the Bush's, the royal families. Those are the ones that pull all the strings. The rest of us were just like little puppets on a string. Just like in the beginning of Godfather. All three God fathers at the beginning of the movement. It shows the strings, so the hand on the strings. And the string is attached to your rectum and somebody's yanking it and don't even feel good. Most of the time. Unless of course, they're in a fraternity. 560, 50, there's nothing like running naked on the beach. I'm sure I don't want to play that guy again. How much is the couple of words from it? Oh, maybe just a word or two. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Yeah, hi, how you doing? I'm doing okay. Well, you know, what does it talk to you a little bit about this fraternity business that you mentioned? And I just want to ask, if you have any best friends and how long have you had those best friends or... I can't feel what him again now. Maybe, maybe another order, too. 26 past noon at 560. Any guy that calls this show and talks about there's nothing in the war like what a naked with your best friends on the beach. Oh, God. I mean, is this guy really thinking he's fooling anybody? Well, what would anybody say after hearing somebody say that? That damn fact, I can't stand it. Did I say 26 past noon at 560, WQM? Yeah, I said that. And there's still no news. Just don't panic, there's no news. But it could happen in any moment. 50, over, optimal, man. With that glaring here at the W2AM, Christmas vote for the A, just vote for the deal. Yeah, yeah, it's fun. It's about, it's about. Yeah, it looks like that. It's a nice picture of me out there heading this way. No, they get it. Quite good, quite good. It looks like the owner's trying to say something. Look at me. Listen, shall we? Look at me. Aren't you thrilled? And how much more money I have than you would. Keep worshiping me that's right, my little nomeness. Let's go, it's a lot of good fortune. But are you going to have your macaroni and cheese? I know. That's right, we got someone on a line, who apparently has the bridge locked up in a position along. You're wearing a glass of wine, you're a virgin, you're a virgin. You're a saint, you're a saint, you're a god. That's your fault. Man, never real like that. Yeah, I don't know, I'm sure. I found my so many other guests. Thank you for your call. It comes to that when you do AM the odds. That's not a odds, that's not a odds. Oh, I have to go right. That looks like the ski doves. Yeah. It's like the show's there. It depends in the form of human training. It's like life. Is that? It's like life, or you're trying to get a touch. Oh, that's right. Look at that. How do you manage? We'll be right back after the latest finger paid scores of Mrs. Manicati's my authority school. Stop it, stop it, stop it, stop it, any other job. OK, 231 at 5.60, WCQA. I forgot to thank Dave Bugger, I mean, the buggy man Gordon from LC Evergreen Press Control office card here. Thank you, Dave. Happy get our own press control guy in here, came in spread yesterday. And we have no bugs today. I'll be back today for phase. I'll be back today to make pick up the carcasses. Isn't that great? Gotta get our own bug man. Had to get our own TV, our own satellite dish, our own new fact machine back here. And all the, because it's our do it yourself studio. Because the beastly people in Greg Reed lie a lot. Here's the lady in Chicago, hello. Hello? Yes, man. Oh, man. Yes, I am. I'm, who would do you think will be the president of the United States? You'll list his escran. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. That is so true, and I agree with you. 100%. Are you snowed in? Uh-huh. Are you snowed in up there? Yes, I am. I'm so sorry to hear that. Oh, well, it's like 75 here. The sun is shining. It's beautiful. Oh, I wish I was in really good old. So, Florida, Miami, we too right now, dear. We could, we could use you. We got a lot of miserable nasty people on here. They ought to be up there freezing their ass off. I know, I heard this lady and the teller, I'm the, I'm the, I'm the radius saying that. Is this really true, people up there are not just like those? Yes, yes. The nastiest people in the entire universe are in Florida. That's correct. Oh, my God. That's why we screwed up a whole election. That's why we came to anything right. Hey, well, in the sense of it, you're right about that. Neil, I know the thing I'd like to talk to you about. I should have a friend living in California, Los Angeles. And he calls you, he's a hell of a man. And he likes you so very much like a father's like son. Really? And you know, yes, out of the men, sometimes they, in mind, as we work together, you know, like, you know, like, fine. And he says, whenever he talks to you, you don't give him a ton of day. Can you give him a ton of day from me? 727 to 1. It means it's like 27 until 10 Pacific time. Okay. I mean, we just talking for a minute or so. Navy. Okay. I would have come and got any will call you. Tell me, call me after the new year. Okay, dad. Okay, sweetheart. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. Keep that in mind, George, when it calls, put the, uh, get the timer out. We'll give him one minute. Maybe. What do you want to say to us? Stop with any, okay. Okay, 26 to 1 at 5. I've 60 WKM. Here's been over to inform our Florida Supreme Court just this unseen and see. And yeah. Well, I'm not going to put that on. I mean, they're just killing time. They're just ramping now. They're desperate. Desperate. They're all smuddering to what I, please do something. I mean, one out of talking at heads for a client a lot. Please, even I'll see Hastings while talking with us anymore. Please, do something already. I mean, this is the most ridiculous polycrab. I won't, what are they, what are they, stop and think about this? What are they discussing? They're going to be clear it's Thomas's past and that big fat one around. That might be it. And RENCLE is probably saying, well, where do I stick this? We can tell more to stick it. Right in his big, fascist vacuum ass. And they're pontificating and going on. And I mean, let's, let's, whoever is going to say what? All row, I'll stop and think about this. If was this cut and dried is Heinrich Kimberoskali has said the other day. If was that cut and dried, we already would have had a decision. Right? Maybe they'll just put no to show. But they're putting on the rits. Maybe they're maybe they put some of that cheesy response to get on the rits. But in any rate, maybe they're thinking about how they're going to give the instructions done. Wait a minute, let's see. Oh, here's, hey, what I'm telling, another former Supreme Court clerk for Sandra Day, don't come here, you have a brown O'Connor. They've, everybody that every even took a leak in the restrooms at the Supreme Court, they've had on his shows the last four or five days. And he still can't fill up the time. Here's Kendall, hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, how are you, Neil? Great. Listen, just sit around, listen to the day. Like a little shameless, or creptons, slick willy, and hot and beaver with all my foot. Okay. Excellent, thank you. Do you got a man? Bye. All right, bye, bye, bye. Now, let's see what's that call? Well, he's dead. West, go, go, go, go. Uh-huh, Webbit, come out with your hands up. Don't shoot, don't shoot, please. Why didn't quite do it? Why are you doing out here? I'm on the prowl. Is the show am I? I am hunting for Webbit. Oh, really? Well, I'm hunting for Webbit, it's nice, but I'm hunting for something a little more gratifying than Webbit's. Well, gratifying and a webbit. What's that, Mr. Webbit? Movers. Oh, that sounds very exciting. Pevers have such a nice, nice, health, yes they do, and a big wild tail round ass you get a little and a voluacious appetite for wood. Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh, chewy, I got no wood in my pants, the feet normally bears whatsoever. Do you have a wife on? Nope. All I need to get beaver is my boy. Good looks and this. Oh my. That's the craziest working rifle I ever saw. Well, that's a little crooked. But it gets the job done. I don't see how you ever shoot people with that thing. The key to shooting behavior is you get to get right on top of a sound whiskey. That smell behavior. Well, what do we do now? Make the pleasure to give me that breath spray. Just do what I do. Oh baby. Oh my god. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh my. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Maybe. I like it. What? That was some good behavior, I'll murder. Yes. Viva is where we go. We're eating. It's not what you meant. And I have a lot less filling than what. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Let me take a move. Let me take a move. Let me take a move. 22, 21, and 5, 60, WDQAM. This is 5, 60, QAM. The Neil Roger show. It's your sports radio. 5, 60, QAM. Want a lollipop, little boy? No. Potitions around you. Bring tears to life. The fate that's left you. Only hands you will lie They're all the same They are all the pain Taking me on the throne Before they flew out For that you can take you home Just for shandard They both seem twelve Won't get my boat No way in town There as you say, it's best to do Get the promise to you Arms with 1242 At 5.50 W.C.W.M. We're still waiting There's a lot of people They're all the pain They're all the pain They're all the pain 560 Pomp 560 And if you're lying What can this mean? What can it mean? Here's Tabernier Good morning Here's another former Supreme Court clerk Yes, go ahead I can do it That's right It's over with the Nalatone I don't really give it to anyone Right I can't think of any other media show There's radio or television or what That is anywhere near close to you As far as you know, presenting the facts And the truth In any case That's what I say I mean, all these talking head shows Seems to be right wing It seems a little weird Well, there are all establishments Some of them are a little more right than others They're all establishments They're shows Right And some of them are thinking about You know, they spend over 400 million dollars They get that part, don't they? You'd want back Well, they get reaching Matching funds from the government or something I'm not all the money that they spend I don't remember how to formulate the things I don't know how to answer That's really weird Anyway, for people having been out of this country This isn't a free country anymore Hasn't been for a long time You said it, keep that passport type payment I'll pay it back And I'll pay it back No case here Bye bye Oh, that's good We just got a bulletin, A-Wad Alex Rodriguez is going to build a sustaining What's some of that money you got? Is he going to do it? Come on Alex No Oh And of course, the sports nerds They're not going to get too carried away About this because they've got to have something to talk about They don't want to see all these sports This appear because then what are they going to do? So they're going to continue justifying the fact that all these Oh, man, it just makes my skin crawl It clearly there's a list of all these The guys and how much the salaries are Guys were like marginal Media for it best Or making millions and millions and millions of dollars Ah Ah I don't even want to look at it No kidding And it would be different if a watch for the fact that they're always crying Always come to the losing money And they got to have new stadiums And the public got to either find answer to find a way for them to build it And then they got to charge higher ticket prices And we're on a concession And the A-Wad routine And we keep building them new facilities and then they're absolutely five or ten years And then people stop showing up anyway Your priorities America are all upside down They're all screwed up Here's South Miami, hello Hey, the other go Okay Listen, you know, I know you appreciate honesty And I don't listen to you for the callers Because the big one honest, you know, you guys one of the most ridiculous callers on the world That's true I listen to you because you know, I appreciate your opinions and whatnot But it just fills me how you know, you keep saying I'm tired of selection I don't want to talk about it And people just keep on calling with delaction And you know You say, you know, you've got to get a topic about the hazing And as soon as you finish some lady calls on I don't want to talk about puppies No, she might talk about bilingualism Or bilingualism And you know, I've got that picture around a little bit And it just, you know, America's priorities Just, you know, we don't, we have a Orgicide voting system But you know, we're going to build a high speed bullet Whatever it is you want to call it So it's great Yeah And, you know, just want to make that comment to you, you know Okay, pal Let hang in there Just consider the sources, okay To a lot of assholes running around out there In fact, if you ever been to any of our appearances on the story And we're going to do that thing at the pizza law Oh, come on, what do you say, George? It's your idea I said, yeah Yeah, what? Yeah, you want free food Any chance that you go there for the food Any time I want So, can I? Right now But I got to go get that cheese Oh, that's right Well, on your way to get the cheese And try to grab some off at the loft Jeff, my life put in a slab and some on some of that food Well, that's just pretty good pizza law for it now Could they didn't have a comment? Dick Now, seriously, I would have been great having He didn't have to bring in stuff with a lot of tomato sauce on it That'll give me odds of this Especially since my guru is so good today I don't have all I to tell you that Huh? It's according to one, he won't be here, you know Well, call him right now See what he says It's right in the middle of lunch hour Why would you do that to him? Right in the middle of fricking lunch hour That's okay, he'll he'll do it for us Because otherwise I'll tell the public what he said last time we was here about that I can say sh** Yeah, sure I'll tell him about Costa Rica Okay, where we go and here's Hollywood Hello, Hollywood You mean Hollywood's gone? Hollywood's? Hello? Yeah, Neil? Yes sir I wanted to talk about the comparison with the Nixon tapes Where he kept saying don't play the text on an honest man Yeah He didn't see what the honest man said I'm not a crook Yeah, I'm not a crook on the honest man No, he said I'm not a crook he never said he was honest He said he never stole a freight train Right And then he had the movement down in Miami When they were all banging on the doors It would be money me and Hitler and the Goring campaign Yeah, trying to keep everybody from getting their boats in Right In fact, I heard this year for a Hanukkah They're bringing back a re-enactment of crystal off This is what I'm here I could be just an ugly rumor That's hope so Yeah, that was a pretty ugly scene down there If you can't, if you can't win for a square You can't stop illegally then just go in there and intimidate everybody Stop the count Stop that count What are you saying? Yeah, it was a beautiful thing Especially that one guy Maybe I'm the only one at saw him Look like his head was gonna splint right off of his shoulders So he went Oh, maybe some sausage and meatballs With onions and shrooms And just enough sauce to make it wet Square-scored, you know what I'm saying? Cheese Nah, no Well, you're getting your own cheese You're getting that big block of cheese on there from welfare What did he need his cheese for? You'll leave Jeff Cohen's cheese alone I know I sure would Here's Miami, hello Miami Here's Miami, hello Oh, five, six, seven, oh, five, six either Just a tad slow today there I think they're folding under the pressure if you ask me They're folding, they're caving in Come on, let's get that enough Maccola, these people can't handle it anymore They're crumbling It's run is tomorrow We're gonna be doing the first of a 40-part series on bilingualism Here's what we're gonna be doing in other languages Here's Martin V, chillo Hi, Neil Yes sir My heart early on the radio Something you mentioned about coconut creak, high school baseball field Yes sir What happened there? Because I'm gonna alumni and I used to play baller Well they had a hazing scandal Seniors hazed at least 500 classmates By spreading icy hot muscle savant Their genitals are as By beating them with paddles while students photograph the assault And then one kid in particular got banged up pretty bad And the parents and the shaperones were there at the hotel in Orlando We're covering it all up They said, you know, just don't let it up Yeah, I'm a graduate back in 86 So we should do the same thing Why? And it's kind of ridiculous Well, why? Why would you want to monkey you? Well, the other kids' genitals What does that mean? Well, I don't know In order to get on the baseball field You have to go through the hazing And then it's just traditions You know, I don't think so Well, don't you find it a little bit sick? Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah, I do find it a little bit sick I mean if you're in a big ball If you had a baseball team with a bunch of guys you want to play board You got a mess around with your genitals Well, send me some pictures of baseball team Maybe I'll mess around with your genitals Thank you This will be a little bit better 560, 050, 050, 060, 060 And then this, you know, I'm glad we got that call Because he's been brainwashed in a belief He's been conditioned in a belief If you want to play for the team Then you got to go along with that crap This is sick Nice scam How do you guys prove that when I'm here? Yeah No, I'm going to want to know that Please Let me know how you guys have co-can a quick hire How you ever suck these got? That's about expression How you ever condom in doing that That was a very bad approach towards awards Yeah Maybe to get them job in radio I'm going to the coaching myself That's right In fact, oh this morning I walked into the studio There was a girl there was on her second line as usual I understand he's under a lot of pressure from the organization About the Panthers And somebody said was a B4 comes up with, well, have they talked to the Oralgesate about the coaching position? And I said, well, I might take up that position right there Right next to Ray Wittney on the bench Or maybe in the locker room Here's Homestead, hello Hello Neil Yes sir Yeah, young guy here didn't vote Don't give it crap about either way the way it turns out Good for you man, good I like in difference now Usually I'm a little hostile toward a difference But with these two clowns and with the way this whole thing's been orchestrated I say good for you now Have you ever been hazed? No sir, that's what I was calling you These guys calling up these fat guys You know, most of the only reason they're calling you up trying to defend themselves Because they only have fond memories of all that stuff Yeah, that's right, they liked it And I got one thing to say There's no fact in the fraternity All right Have you ever been hazed? Yeah, there's no fact in the fraternity There's no fact in a baseball team There's no fact that coconut creek high Unlike what's the high school that's the cataclyte And the day came where they always rose Getting no use to get those calls What was that one Columbus sir? Got a lot of very good Columbus High Where the kids really learned to run fast Because the appreciation around all day These are fact in the church They got a great track squad because like I said you'd run like hell too If those old men in the skirt were chasing your ass around Underlined the ass part 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 I mean see you people out there like to got a call yesterday It used to think that it was very funny when I was joking about this Doing an all of the studies coming to the realization that I was right I had my thumb right on it I know what I'd be talking about baby It's embarrassing and all these closet people and all these people Did learn a reality each other Don't do as we do do as we say Because what we do you wouldn't even want to be embarrassed by But just do as we say Where is honesty anymore? Where are all the old perverts like me? At least not enough to admit that what about your old perverts? Nothing wrong with that, at least admit it And what is my coaching position? Start As a matter of fact I think to say I have to do what I have to work I'm driving up the coconut creek line Checking the scene re-out up there See what's going on with that baseball team Hey listen it's already December Another couple of months will be training it and the team too Now what does that say in our OEM? Now wrong Kent is it all? I just want to say if you could have played a short stop And it's 30 right homeruns I could have gotten you 250 million dollars too You're not going to justify that are you? Please please I'm consumable Oh, good I'm consumable, unreal I've beyond any company And then we're talking to a man who's the first rated baseball wannabe Who's baseball used to be his number one luck Who almost never goes to a Marlon game anymore Even with the free tickets And I got to admit this is this has got to be the last blow If I can use that word It's history I can't I am out of my mind over this Yeah I want to go back into the radio Yeah What you keep me out of that anyway Yes I'm trying to do a public service Well listen there's some coaching for this And open a coconut creek high as what I'm hearing Well I'm ready to do that Now I've got a call How come from the student? Did you? Yeah something about some hazing and coconut creek high And you want to assume about it Yeah Are you serious? I'm serious I have to go to my office and find out what this message is That's what I was talking about just now That's a big story right on the front page of your son's That'll end of course one of the attorneys in there I'm not saying he should get any more publicity Is Ellis Ruben Oh, yeah Yeah If he can get in public city from nothing, you certainly got a grab on Who would end the story too All right, listen you have a great day and learn how to play Shortstop Well listen when you're going to talk to the people from coconut creek She didn't give me a coaching position over there It sounds like they're having a good time Okay, see you got it Ha ha ha ha Woo Now they're only accepting coaching position What about like that boy or something I like it I see hot Anyway You can be doing equipment manager There you go Oh look at us it could come Ha ha ha They keep changing the warning at us You are a Supreme Court ruling could come at any moment Yeah, that's what they said of the baseball team You keep putting that stuff on there Square score it could come at any moment Well they're using rubber gloves Oh thank God that made it okay So who gave us that pivolated I think brought us to check I'm trying to think of our sales people because it ought to be pretty embarrassing for the QM people That the power 96 people are bringing us checks made out to plant peridote to try to help us get to 100 grid But the QA and people Pretty goddamn embarrassing This is 560 QAL Oh bro, it's the one to two hours You think the power of running a backfield to take the votes away from those Christ's killing Jews It's hate squawk Yes, the hate squawk has come at your house There's no house in Christmas You hate it, the public in action figures that he killed had a part disobeying In quick prison Republican partisan rhetoric Ah, I got a right to the joke Even if the ones are wrong when they were in Jewish Our families with Christian voters like us live all Good luck and luck and luck and luck and luck Good luck, good luck, good luck, good luck Now the point to my two-year-in-po And pay attention Pay attention Lady power bill so separately Each action figure comes with his own Plum pays propaganda booklet Explaining how to shoot The school's right from the... They will shoot the first floor A priest wants to go arm down And an additional L&P-to-pating of the... But Harry, these action figures can't be available for sure Time only act just stop an eye on it Well, those kids should get around Let's get to it I like the same kids from sugar shocker Don't say yeah, just go wound up Wanna clock? Anthony, the staging story is big I was just reading some of the facts me here But in Hollywood in the olden days These had so many problems they had to form the Haze Commission Five, six, seven, five, sixty Pound five, sixty on the AT&T Too many of those couch auditions Here's a mobile and Davy, hello Hello Hello, Neo Yes sir Good afternoon Buenos Aires Thank you Good afternoon Judgment on the Rodriguez contract for now What do you mean by that? Well, how can you reserve judgment on it? Well, I can't tell you a lot of money, sure I think the media of students How the baseball players make the money Do you compare baseball salary to basketball So how do you do it? We're talking about how that lands knows our No, no, but it doesn't make any difference Which sport we're talking about, that's the point That's the idea Why is any joc or a fifteen or twenty million dollars a year? No, they're not But then we can hit them up for a loan Maybe at least for those stadium Yeah, there you go That's why I said before we can build a stadium Have you been watching Gordon this thing? I've been trying to avoid all of it last two days What's up with this guy? I think he should be with the vice president From arm Yeah And what about Bush? He's done around around ten to Bobby Q So what are you? He's done running from home Both do want us a big favor The both stand as far away from us as possible Which I like I don't think he should recuse himself On the vice president's seat He's trying to check who isn't in vain Yeah Vice president, check I'll go with the ball You like the thing? Go on with the movies with a legal ready to think check Okay, have a great day pal You can move phone If you get that tax cut Five six seven five six six They could rule any time That's what they're saying Bob Franken says The strong belief that the ruling would probably come today Cup Yeah, but Oh, yeah, but they might drag this out Until In fact, maybe maybe the fixes in for bubble That's right Maybe he shows some of the same day Or codder that changed your tune Maybe he shows some of the parents Thomas the change His tune Who the hell knows And like I said, this is said This is the way that a great democracy Conducts a presidential election Then my name is Heinrich Kimler, Jr. Okay, who the hell are we kidding over here? So when's Jeff coming? So Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Oh, I'm going there All right, great show Now I have a couple of insurance here You know, what they're going on in the world today And all around the world, and plus here in the United States With all those craziness and the political arena Yeah, I'll mention all the he's going on a coconut quick Yeah, exactly And people speak another language Exactly My make it's earned is And lost puppy Why? Why is it that you and being at the active way they are? Now my concern is The way people are treating each other today You're talking about with the thing you're coconut quick The political arena Wars and Israel, no matter what kind of thing What is your opinion on The way you're mad at the yesterday I don't think you're in the United States What do you mean these days? These days like it's different now than it was before It's just it's always been the same People are abusing each other People are hating each other And of course what better to hate somebody else With the tool, I'm not that tool I'm talking about religion Yeah Religion you got to religion is where you got to crazy People in the Middle East, the Jews, the Arabs and the Christians Especially this time of the year now Christians want a lot of cry, our Christmas tree in the Jerusalem Probably And let me ask you this question, how come I was so bad for the Cubans to be also a cotacon vote What they thought was in there self interest Which it isn't but nevertheless and not be so many Republicans But it was okay like when Hillary was running for sin in New York And if you didn't say just exactly the right thing on the right day About the Palestinians and about Jerusalem and Tel Aviv And it's a role of a sudden the polls were changing And the Jews were the ones getting all psychotic You have this packed mentality, that's the problem Pack mentality, people don't deal as individuals People don't think they don't think And especially American people thinking is forbidden in this country You will not think that's what George Ville said He said that to Sunday on that awful TV show And Sam Donaldson said you will not look at me again Like that just because my wig is like 45 degrees off on the angle How could anybody go on television with a wig like that? Seriously, I mean he's a silly person to begin with But how could anybody who makes more than five bucks an hour go on TV and look like that? We're also looking at the circumstances of the community For our final look in the court wall party Oh, here's New York Times thing that's a put-in on there I'm just kind of read it Not that I carry one you stand I'm just in case I might have been anything interesting there Was there anything interesting there? No, no, no comments been New York Times They just put it on the screen to kill some more time And now they get some other bitch on there Oh, here's Mary Chef Rhymes with F Constitutional Law Pro Fesser It's signed, they're probably will be language Yeah, we got Lio, I hope it's the English language Oh, we just got a bullet in the The injustices are translating They're ruling it at a 48 different languages That's why it's taken so long And if you're lucky you might get an English but don't count on it Especially all you Sandy Peyton want to be's out there Here's a lady in Peppermint Pine, hello Hi Neil Yes, man long time listener about ten years All right, first time I've had the nerve to call Great Wanted to let you know that I started listening to you when I lived in West Palm Beach And you will believe this it was a fellow co-worker a woman who turned me on to your program I'll be dang got a question for you a change of subject. Okay, please. I have a chance to go to Amsterdam. Oh, I can pick either October or April Which is the better month to go? I would say April, late April Okay, or early October, but I would say late April Okay, and I have a shameless request could you play the Chinese people song Chinese people? You know, I love Chinese. Oh, that's the recon Doug thing I don't have that. Oh, I'm sorry. That might be too Well, but anything about the rabbit would be good again, even though you just did one. Okay, I'll see you on scadon. Okay. Thanks a lot. Bye bye bye. My bike. Oh, teens Yeah, let's play our I like Chinese. Do you want to play all I Chinese? Oh, I do like Chinese Food people See, I was very disappointed when we did the demographic thing over the weekend because it looked like most of our Asian people had vanished Or even that or the previous one they were all phony votes under They vanished. We had just a small handful, which is what most of the Asians have anyway. A very small handful That's the present because the Asians are people who can generally respect. I hate to love people together Like that, but we always do it anyway, so why not like a French Canadian? We can respect the Asians because they got a brain Because they have ethics Because they've got like intelligence because they can speak all kinds of a different languages and all of these things Even if they do have very teeny tiny things, and even with those tiny pieces they made over between people Huh, oh, it's true All you guys out there who have very small penises don't despair just think of those Chinese And if you think about it long enough maybe returning Japanese, I don't know Who the hell knows? I'm trying to talk about anything beside this crap. I mean just oh, how can you dare? I got one facts here. How can you say it does make it to her? Let me say it again. At this point to me. I can only speak for me. I just I care a little bit, but I don't care here Okay, I just not much little teen like a Chinese penis. That's how much I care About this election now The whole thing is stupid. It did he ought to get was pathetic from the beginning was it disaster with these candidates? It was a disaster So why should it come out right? So how is the Christmas party last night? Eight minutes after one At five sixty you right this spend a lot of money on the station. We don't want to talk about that Well now Back in the month Gave to me in the Mar orden Devited to World enrichary It's my understanding that there are 12 days of Christmas and you have counted only the second day, which has every right to be there. So that I'm George Bush, right? I suggest that you recount from the job, power along with me. Okay. All the 12 by your breath, as we congregate with me, you never neglect all your votes. On the tenth day of breath, that's how you've kept the weather. You said a little bit about your preposition to a numerical phrase. Now start again. Um, on the eighth day Christmas, that against me. I've said that you've been having a miracle. Now I've been talking about this. What's your really trying to say? I'm 13 and 560, WM567, that was of 91 points. That's there. What is it? 41 for whatever was not too bad. They're waiting. They're just hanging right on the edges of their seats. Just like all you people out there, they're probably popping hemorrhoids from squeeze your cheek So tight waiting for the soul for the other shoot to drop. Here's Hylia, hello. Hey, Nio's going. Okay. Hey Nio, try to find you better for the balance from your college. Kind of hard to find. Yeah, you're right. Yeah, here you go. Listen, you know, we don't got no money for schools, but we're going to pay some guy to a 50 million to hit a baseball. Yeah, let's go to the forces with holding judgment. He's going to sit back and wait and see, I guess, somebody hold ones he hits or what? I mean, what kind of crap is that? Like he hasn't made up his mind yet. Yeah, I tell him about I moved on here from Canada ten years ago, Big Miss steak. Yeah. It's a Florida of all places. And, you know, it's just, you know, your college, you know, it's just one of the most important people's minds, all right. You know, especially that guy from the flat that thinks he's fooling somebody will call you every other day. Yeah. Try and act on that puppy lady or the a bilingual lady. But any idea, I got a request. You think you play that tonight? Twain Perry, the one of our bill and Monica. The word bubble. Bill and Monica, that's not your night of twain. Yeah, it's a night twain. So apparently, don't impress me much with the bubble. I just got your plan then. Oh, man. I knew you guys. Did I just get your plan then? Oh. 5605. 560. Although I do luxury and I a twain, who was Canadian, I should mention. But nevertheless, it was played again. What he said. Oh, okay. 5605. 660. We're still waiting on here. We're still waiting here a lot more about these things that are really important in this world. He's science who's speaking English and some stupid guy damn election between two. Totally, I'll eminently unqualified candidates. Oh, where were we on the support in New New Year? We thought you didn't know I'm not. I never liked it in the first place. And now I'm nauseated with both of them. Well, if either one of them had any class, they would have conceded. Do either one of them had any client? No. And in addition, which the heat each other like poison, this keep that in mind. Both camps, despise each other with a special bitterness, seldom seen in history of American politics. Here's candle. Hello. I know. I'm not just a touch on the thing about linguism. Ah! What? To touch on it. Well, you were talking about it earlier. And I have to go through a statement for my brother. I picked up my niece over the girl. She didn't go on elementary. Yeah. And I go into the office and everybody there is talking to Smith. And I'm taking myself, my niece is getting a really good education here. And I've heard her learn English. And she said, my brother. Yeah. And at the first time I went to the elementary school. And everybody around, they're talking to a friend. Yeah. While they're any English-speaking people, they all know speaking English. Well, that time I saw some of your mental flags flying out. Well, forget about that. I mean, what's going on? Is there some fruit to that? Maybe they were hazing each other. I have no idea. I don't want to talk about it. I don't care about it. Don't you understand? I don't care about it. I could share even have every phone line. Let up here. Every guy at the end day we could spend six months wasting time talking about bilingualism. I'm not going to do it. I don't care. I'm not interested. Let him, who he owes anyway. Let them lose their cheese. How will it? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm, 5, 60 on the AT&T. But maybe there were hazing down there. I just think I might have been a... Yeah. Maybe there was a spray in some icy hot in there, General area. Back to. Maybe the general was doing it. Not that they do those things in the military, of course. Oh no. Only the Marines and the Seaman. Here's Boker. Hello. Hey Neil. What a good. I'm a ex college wrestler and a father. Oh brother. Oh, wrestler and fraternity brother. Woo! And I'm straight. Yeah, we believe you. I'm done the heavyweight if you saw me. No one would touch me. No. Oh, kind of like Josh Thedman. Yeah, exactly. I don't smell. Oh, thank god for that. You know, the hazing in... I wrestled with Division 2 up by Mansfield, Pennsylvania, up by Almyron, Corning, and... Yeah, that's good. And we never had any hazing or anything like that. And it's turning it's mostly psychologically. Because they would tell you, like you'd have activities. Which you did push-ups and stuff and got yelled at. And they told you to wear a boxer shorts. These didn't have to. They're like, why they want to wear a boxer shorts? And the first thing goes to your mind is, you know, something gay. If you don't have boxer shorts on, they're going to strip you down and do something. Right. But mostly it's the psychological. Like the sheep. They said, yeah, the screw will sheep. So, you know, seven weeks you put up a pledge. You know, they make sheep sound. They stuff like that. I wanted... No, I mean, by the end of pledging is all the alcohol I consumed. I was ready to do the sheep. But nothing really. And you remember, I don't know, when you went to Michigan State, you used to carry the paddles around. The attorney paddles. No, I never... I was. Basically, if you ever saw animal house, you used it. Right. I wanted to hit them. So, when you made your paddle, one activity was you were going to get paddled. And the whole thing is, why not help it? They're going to paddle us. But you're so far in a yard. He's spent five weeks of taking bulls. Sure. I was going to take some water. What the crit is, you went behind the door. And they said, you know, we don't paddle people. And then you just made noises like you're going to get paddled. But other than that, you know, I never saw anything. Well, you better get over to a coconut creek high and we'll have my foot at the time over there. I want to ask you, I'm in bulk. Where can I pick up the seedies around here? Specks, any specks? Specks, you know. Specks, you know. Like in the mall or something. Yeah. And the last thing is about directionally, you don't want to talk about it. But I'm just so sick of it. You know, I want to go in because less or two evils. But one thing you told me a long time ago about your dad. How he always talked about his real. Yeah. And he wanted to go there. Now, you said that like every specialty orthodox use, every good use. That's their home land. Oh, yeah. And they want to, they want to eventually live there, right? I mean, so, you know, with all that, within being that far right in the religion, you know, that kind of earthen because all the trouble in the Middle East and you know, where is the world? You're going to lie with, you know, I don't know. Okay, well, listen, hang in there and watch out for the paddles. Okay. Anybody know what he just said? Does anybody in the world? I have any idea. What did he just said? No. Okay. I thought it was only me. But he meant well. And he just was like, he was just somebody could touch him. And listen, he's big and fat and he was just somebody would touch him. Like Josh Freeman. But not Josh Freeman. He would not let Josh Freeman close enough to touch him. Believe me, you do what anybody else. Here's a mobile and call spring. Hello. Yes. Well, I say, it gets me sick when I think about the fact that if it wasn't for that butterfly ballot up in the Palm Beach town, yeah. This election would have been over a month ago. Mm-hmm. And my dad was one of the voters up there. Yeah. And he related to me, you know, his experience there. And I'd like to say that to you. That's okay. Yeah. Okay. I just, my broach. I wasn't just a trucker. It took me a while to get there. I had to take my worker. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon wireless lines. Ha ha ha. Well, when are we going next? Let's just keep plugging away along here. I guess they're getting better one by one. Let's go and do an appearance. Oh, come on. George will do it. He'd like to go somewhere with more than two people show up. Here's a mobile and highly hello. Hello, I'm E.M. Yes. Yes. Hi, I'm Carl. You listen. I'm a coach, just for you. I was listening to some radio last night. And I heard some lady talking about that. A lot of the votes for the talking about that. A lot of the votes for the election that black people did, they wouldn't count them on our take into consideration. My bedroom, cookman and Sam B. or what is it? And how can they do that? How can they not take your vote or something like that? I don't understand that part. They don't like Spartans. Don't you get it? Well, I know that, but I mean, how can they do that legally? I mean, it doesn't make sense. If I go out there to vote, you're in my book home. The word legal has nothing to do with the selection, man. You better stop confusing them with the facts. Don't bring the law into this. Legal has nothing to do with forward elections. Once you take that word out, it all becomes much clearer. Like, look at through up mirror. Good. I'm gagging on it. Must be a couple of these causes, sir. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. We're still waiting in this. Still showing the weather. There's Lauren Sibney. Oh boy, she's a weather person. Like I'm a guy named my brain surgeon. But anyway, she's still a point in that it. And the weather map too. Because they still have no more information. But I guarantee when they go back to the moon's desk, it'll say in the bottom of the screen. Any moment now. Any second, it could be a carry carry. It might be, it could be. But it's not. We don't have it. Poor carry carry. You know, life just isn't the same without carry any more just. It's the same. Here's a mobile in the Gables. Hello. Yeah, Leo. Yes, sir. You're lying about yesterday. Holding the arm and the 45 degree angle. Uh-huh. But today, you keep saying, we're waiting for the other shooter drop. And it's supposed to be the other booth to drop. You're right. Very good. I stand corrected. A special request. It's an old one. It's a web site owner selling the tiny restaurant. Ah. Yeah. Try and use the right direction. You really want to hear that? Yes. Okay. That's really an oldie. Say please. Okay. Go ahead. I'm a good girl. Can I help you? Yeah. Can I help you? Yeah. Yeah. Ah-huh. We're all in there. Patrick? No. Ah, so, sorry, I suppose I talked to someone named who? It's a good thing. Okay. Hold on a second. Okay. Yeah. Hello. How's it? Yeah. What's your name? Huh? Yeah. Hello. What's your name? Huh? Huh? Can you hear me? Yeah. You got a restaurant for sale? Huh? Ah, how much you want for the start? Well, you come with a look at it and talk to the boss. I come over. Maybe eat dinner with you. Okay. All the works. Huh? Huh? Come on. Come on, sir. It's Chinese. It's Chinese. Okay. So, it's It's a long long long long long. Tell me, it's a long long. It's a long long long long. It's a long long long. It's a long long long. What? It's a long long long long. It's a long long long. Okay. How far are you going to come over to pick it up in local or so on? Okay. Okay. May you have. You know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, children are going to get down to the wall and you're a kid rather than just a son of a big janender. Oh, we have a seed, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, crowd, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, that's for sure, yeah, Okay, once, one, two, three, four. Okay, once, one, two, three, four. Here's Jeff Cohen from the World Famous Pizza Lough. Don't shake it too hard in the handy to it's still healing, please. What? Not okay. Sorry, it still works. Okay. Here's our lunch from the pizza loft. Jeff Cohen, who could have had a great time in Amsterdam, but it chose not to go because he figured he could, you could, you could, some good weed from George and said it going all the way over there. Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound, five, 60. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. You haven't had good shrunes. Well, this has got some shrunes in it, but you never had shrunes like over there. I'll play that. And if your buddy, you know, we'll sit you're good friend. He'd let you use his apartment. How the keys come into the house apartment, by the way, George, we get those yet? No. No. Are you going to sit down there and, uh, yeah. So you turn this baby on? Go ahead, well, I need, okay. So I think you should come out and do an appearance with a loft and all the way to the colony. Why? And let's raise some money at the loft. Let's make some more money for you at the loft. Which I need it terribly. Why? Quite. Quite. Really? Business is slow. You know, medium. Since got Halloween to jail. I don't know what you're talking about. He got ripped off. What does that mean? Nobody's ever been sentenced for a misdemeanor for, for the way that he was. Yeah. My opinion, the judge decided to make a name for herself and a career on his back. Want to be something that we had a microphone to get to Mike and hear that really worked. If I could show you how to, that needle is barely moving. And you're like talking right into it. This is the most Mickey Mouse God damn studio. Typical Greg Reed. So Amsterdam was good. It's always good. What's up? I'll get there. My daughter came in from school to visit during Thanksgiving holidays. There's no way I could have not been here. My heart was there in Amsterdam though. Yeah. I'm not saying anything. And you heard Stradown and I up on that Frampton concert. I left your message at home. Didn't understand. You up by totally I wouldn't go to bed if you paid me a thousand dollars a minute. I love Peter Frampton. But I wouldn't go to it. It was a great show. It's a little pot of hits like you guys. I wouldn't go to that thing. You know, it's pretty funny. It's goldstein. No, it's some good restaurants. Yeah. Have you eaten at Sunfish Grill? I don't need fish. I don't need fish. They have the best New York strip steak I've had. Prime meat, real soft tender. Perfect great flavor. Yeah. Very, very good. That 20 seats real small place. Yeah. I don't know is that we're to find a good meat. But you took this picture and Amsterdam, which, sure, maybe you haven't seen that yet. Let's stop. A couple of his favorite hangouts. He also took a bunch of other pictures that basically show nothing. Right. Yeah. I thought, yeah. Those are two of our favorite hangouts. But then you'd probably have a good time with them there. Maybe like in the dark room back there in the abdominals. I don't think so. Well, you never know. I think he's all thought first and all. Yeah. Yeah. That was one way to find out. You first. Let me know. I would go. So next time you see, I'll ask you more than hell's about keys for his department that it keeps. So there's nothing worse than ins and serious. You know what I mean? He'll be back in town on the 15th of what? Is this month? Yeah. So it's perfect if we do any harm. Mark that on your calendar because the office might not calm more than seven or eight times. Your mind is a one Mr. Goldstein is back in town. If we do the appearance after the 15th he'll be able to pop in. And that would be a great opportunity. Okay. It was day. It was day. What's the date you got? The 16th is that a Tuesday. Tuesday the 19th. Tuesday the 19th. That works. Tuesday the 19th from 539 from 6 from 530 to 545. Now from 6 to 9. How's that? Sounds perfect. Yeah. That's a good. You can get your business. 6 to 9 p.m. Tuesday the December 19th at the pizza loft. I've all the CDs and the cassettes and t-shirts. And all of those free buttons. And we'll even have some of those stupid picture cards which George can sign because I really don't want to win anymore. I'm sick of that. When you get sick of that after 25 years, I mean I got to sign the CDs. I'll sign this out of the one. Well, no, but see, but you understand something because a lot of the people are combined. They don't either have the money or they're too cheap. They go on a buy the CDs and the picture cards are for free. So they'll say, you know, we don't want them to show up. But it's not a free picture card. It's dollar. They're in a buy the food or CDs. That's tacky tacky. Even I can't do that. Now that would be. Well, we'll see. We'll split by here. So give me my keys. Okay, I'm depending on you because this man I would hate to have it go down on his tombs don't which won't be that long. I don't think. But that he was in sincere because he got a new key that actually opens a lot now to that upon. Should go to his house to pick the key up. I'm telling you, I can't believe you haven't been over there just now. No. No. I don't want to see George but a pickle. He's not interested. Well, you don't have to go then. But his human dorm where his cigars has more cigars and a lot of cigars shops. Unbelievable. All Cuban, some pre-caster of Cuban cigars. Pretty amazing. Did you say Castro? Yeah. Not a good idea. Okay. I was Tanner doing. Tanner's good. He set my bike up for me last week for racing went down the homestead race track last week and raced for the first time. Never did that again. Now what kind of a bike is that a bespa at the Coddy? Oh. Which is the night of bike nights by the way. Why am I just playing what that is since you wrote that on copy and I have no idea what that means? Come on a motorcycle on Thursday. There's no other motorcycle. Somebody probably has to wipe off the seat. Anyway, if you get there on a motorcycle on Thursday night, yeah. You buy one dinner in the second one's half price or you buy one pizza in the second one's half price. That's every Thursday night. And we end up with maybe 20 to 30 Harley's and 20 sport bikes. In fact, when you go back to working, I want to tell Tanner that I would even show up a little earlier than that. He's going to come on a motorcycle. I will have Tanner wait on you that night. Yeah. Good. I hope he looks a little better. He looked a little rougher on the edges last time. He's gone out with an older woman. I think she's beaten him up pretty hard. He's got a little late 20s. That's not bad. I'm going to be late 20. Something like that. 20. Right. And so on with that. That's the next up he's coming and burned out every morning and they should keep it up on. Yeah. Well, I'm only 58. Oh, I'm saying. Well, this is great. This is the little sausage. You're a lot better now. I got rid of most of my odd jokes about I had. Boy, I had that bad bird. Which I never even heard of before. I mean, see, you know you get no one when you start getting the illnesses that you never even heard of before. Then you know you're really getting old. I never heard of that. And everybody in the office said, like, everybody's got it. Oh, yeah. Millions of people have that grud. Did you ever hear of it before? No, none of us never heard of that before. I think they just make this crap up like wiping your ass from the rear to the front. They just make this stuff up. When you get old and see now, they start making a funny, you know. Use your beday and all the way about that. I don't have it. I get it to George badmouth. I give it to Tommy. Who gave it to Tommy. They love it, by the way. Yeah. Awesome. Awesome. Great. And you certainly won't be taking a crap in my apartment and Amsterdam because it's a split level. Some people live in split level houses. I have a split level toilet. Really? Yeah. And with all the respect as much of a friend as you are, I don't want you or crap on. Even now Goldstein isn't allowed to crap in my toilet. Oh, that's not a bad animal. The thought of that. In fact, I noticed in the last few years since he moved over there that the water in the canals is getting darker and darker brown. Every every time I go over there, and blow the several shades of darker, which he may get some credit for. Ow. Yes. Question. So when just to maintain that weight, the sheer volume of food that he has to eat and maintain the weight, he does those in good restaurants. There's a great tire restaurant, where if I was a problem, when you do go to Amsterdam, wait a minute corner for him as a apartment right down the street. There's a tremendous tire restaurant. All right, Types. And if you're lucky, maybe he'll take you in with 40 or 50 of his best close personal. In fact, we were talking about like a year of home to Bapia. Some people got a shoot. We were talking about them. Yeah. That's not good for my eye to the other side. No, not at all. I don't pick it. No. Okay, great. So we'll see you on Tuesday, 11. I'm trying to get you out of here. I'm leaving. I picked my son up at Tula-Fran. Oh, you're a poor line. Now, see you go to Coconut Creek High? No. Right. He's going to go on a hazing over there yet. I think I'll let him go. I'll go open. Tell if any kids are approaching with icy hot to one like a set of a bit. So I'll be my best suggestion. Okay. I'll keep that in mind. We'll see you Tuesday night. Pizza walked. That's the next week. That's the Tuesday. Well, today. Tuesday. We'll see you there. We'll see you there. See if you're going to promote your place. Don't say I should this Tuesday. Probably say next Tuesday. Well, by the way, this Tuesday, maybe people will come by and mistake and I'll get that. Oh, yeah. That's by the night and see. I hope you'll tell y'all the stories. Okay. Okay. Thanks. Good on you. Okay. Next Tuesday. We can now tell a big great good lunch. Got some sausage and peppers and little onions. Some mushrooms in here. Look like these were imported from Amsterdam. So if I start talking a little bit goofy, if I start sounding like the colors, here's a mobile and Margave. Hello. How are you doing, Neil? Okay. My kid graduated from Cooker High Last Year. He was part of a, he wasn't part of a hazing. He was going to American Heritage before I transfer in there. He was, he took the team to states and all. American Heritage isn't that like a real aproposal school? Yeah. But the thing is, my kid went to, he was picked for a zero in victim. He was 15. He was 28. He was a very good guy. And there was always a question mark. It was a small school. Well, he took the team to the state and football. So I transferred my senior to Cooker High Freeka. He has a 3.8. Well, the bottom line in Cooker, I'm going to tell you that was the bottom line. What is the bottom line? Okay. The bottom line, they're all bunch of holoms. My kid, they don't know. Yeah. It's not too far from Carl Springs. They probably like, you know, shape them. They know how I am. There's no one there. They can say, first of all, I could have six five, 120 pounds. Right. Okay. The team was run by the booster club. Okay. The coach was a whim. Yeah. That was right next to the coach. They tried to beat up my son three guys. And my son beat all three of them up. Okay. And they beat another kid. What happened up there is not only what's going on on the paper. The same kid that is suing because of that. Him and cell peeing a button through a pee over the balcony to cars. Another kid trashed rooms. This kid's joined together. They got them McDonald's and they still the flag up the pole. I invited them to a party in my house. They trashed my house. Some of the kids stole jewelry. I mean, the bottom line is that maybe the whole team together. So don't add up to three point eight on my son carries the GPA. The bottom line before my son went there. Some of the booster clubs stole the coach. If this kid thinks that he's going to come in here and be the superstar, we got news for him. And you know what? It happened. They played five games. The whole season. Sounds like a great place. Well, you didn't know what it is. The performance is school board paces coaches two, three dollars. So what they do is they're like, what you're like, waiters, they depend on tips. The tips are given by the booster club. So the booster club pays for this. Boots of club pays for that. So in actuality, they're not working. Okay. For the school they're working for the booster club. So everybody who's in the booster club, their kids get special treatment. Regardless of whatever goes on. That's why he lost his job. Yeah. Okay. So you can out of there now or what? So you can out of there? Oh, my kid's going to play for for for for FAU is going to be fine. But he had over 50 letters for division one school including Colombia. Right. They'd delaying. Okay. But the coach knew he saw it. My kid was the only guy there. He was in the journal in 15. The other place. Some of the players they play with, Montagnes. Number three overall up picked last year. They came from that Miami day team. They came to pick up my kid over here. This is a team that spends over $100,000 for Miami day. No kids paid anything. They picked the best for the best. I still didn't play my kid because of the booster club. And what's happening there is work more than what the new Space for Shaz. Okay. Well, thanks for the good news. If the keeps going like that again after changing the name to Coconut Greek, thanks for the good news, sir. Wow. Yeah. Coconut Greek high. In fact, I heard they ruined some of the kids who went there. They were going to be a little bit more like a little bit more. Well, I could have made a lot of effort and brought through the whole thing of finding this damn thing. What is it? Back then, how? It damn your children. But it really wasn't worth it. Okay. Thanks for the bad news, sir. And some very black marks on that school based on if you believe all this stuff. If you believe all of these things. Well, just how's that pull coming? 298 votes. Hazing is unacceptable. The behavior 205. Stupid but harmless. 59. And just kids having fun. 34 assholes said that. And of course, I'm sure those 34 assholes don't want to be on a receiving end. But if their kids are just doubling up because the other guys are just having fun, sit back and enjoy it and shut up. I want to bang you in the butt, honey. Police, got my turn. Police, got my turn. Police, got my turn. Police, got my turn. Police, got my turn. Police, got my turn. Police, got my turn. But that's all right with me. Because it was free without a glass. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. It's about the bouquet of porces my vine. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a merry Christmas. But what's wrong withmann. Police, got my turn. Police can't let touch, they can't escape it all I got Police can't let touch, police can't let touch Police can't let touch, they can't escape it all I want to wish them a merry Christmas I want to wish them a merry Christmas I want to wish them a merry Christmas I want to wish them a merry Christmas 146 at 560 WQM did Greg Reed come by with a check for plant parenting 560, boy I attended their shirt dragon as a whole business Maybe I'll pop there and hang show today And the news to hankle be here from 2 to 6 with Rob Conrad Robert Conrad is on here, boy, he's on here, he's on here, boy, he's on here, boy Then you got a John Boog Shambi between 6 and 10 since we're getting real formal now And it's K-10 o'clock, that's our agenda for today Let's take a call from Miami, hello Hello Yes sir New, it's going on man Same old stuff pal Yeah, I know we're still in a waiting mode Tell them about it You know that's where we give up on that piece of crap Don't matter when I'm first time calling I'm happy to hear that you still know your spurs are pretty high on all this issue I love pretty high Yeah, you are Actually I'm not even calling to talk about those reviews and watching times Actually I am a flatboy and I want to share some of my stories Oh flatboy, huh? I'm a flatboy, man Okay But in terms of hazing, you know I do want to kind of help break that little third of about for journeys Just being all the same Because actually I'd be long to waste I do contribute an ethnic fraternity Meaning a Latino fraternity Yeah I can't even imagine what those guys are doing Let me tell you, right in these everyday, that's our hazing mode But there's black fraternity in the nation for journeys And now in the Indian as from India You know the Korean fraternity and that stuff But I want to think that I do Do what I do, the elephant walk in the Latin fraternity At least they got something to explain on to you Yeah, there you go Yeah, I'm sorry But the funny thing is, it was not funny The basic thing is that in Boston that's where I went to school And when I did all my crazy stuff I don't know if you heard a couple years ago But that kid at MIT that's right Sure, that's fine Well the funny thing is that in my key that Bormo there Their house was on Boston University's campus I played at Boston University, of course The hell that broke loose And they always updated the hazing What's considered hazing by every school And all that other cop just for risk management purposes And I need to tell you If I was to be able to get out of my hands And those things would be a matter of very unique Could do or could do it in other words And what's funny is that everybody breaks it anyways So my whole thing about this whole hazing thing And everybody's going to do it So I agree with it, of course But what's the point then? I won't watch I just don't get it I know I won't watch the movie I don't want to sound like I'm holier than that here But I'm in every fraternity is very different Like my fraternity We want things that we don't do I mean it doesn't matter So it's the most people But one thing that I am that we don't do Is to, for example, drink with letters on Or if we do drink and we've very strict with it Like that now the beating the beat is going to come From other people Which of course we try to take care of that But I mean a lot of people that do it It's because it's the whole macho mentality And the funny thing is the whole macho mentality Has actually gone into sorority There's a lot of no women who whack the hell out of each other Yeah And then they call it That's what a patient told me She goes, a lot of course not So I mean you know It's because I was going to be there I grew it of course not And I'm not going to even still Very active with my fraternity After seven years That's a graduating But the one thing is that I let her look very really getting involved And try to go back into their fraternity Or chapters or whatever I mean some are going to go on Because people do what they know And you know you see all these TV shows about being in the house Yeah, like guys like it Another guy's running around They get in their way with a man You know like animal hot stuff I mean that's still a classic thing Yeah, just guys having fun Yeah, so I mean like other generals Yeah, so unfortunately I was going to be around I don't agree with it I'm thinking to be based on how you know It's going to change only of A little night come back into the chapters And try to modify what you know And because I always see all the money comes along I think I was to the one I won you know Yeah, if you ask me I say have a great day pal Thanks bro, thank you Okay Now what I said I said the one I won a piece of it And what's wrong with having the elephant walk Where the force can do a grab on to Five six seven Five six Five six Five six I mean those guys who are a little more circumspect Christ And can you imagine the Chinese doing that elephant walk I just don't know how you do that They do the baby elephant walks Yeah Not bad Go get your cheese Ten four five sixty WQAM And we're still waiting They're showing the weather map again I'll tell you this one Sydney, she's going to work out She and doesn't know whether a scream or a peel To keep his banana they're so psychotic So they just keep putting this bitch on her Every two and a half minutes to show that weather map And guess what? It's still storming up north and still colder than what she's asked And that's it Nothing changes pal But Well that's going to be great next Tuesday Hope you have a good time George What do you think I'm showing up? Now I'll be there Well The Neil Roger show You'll sports radio five sixties You a ham Gordon gives soft Florida a nature blow job The solid A season give her a gift to the low An expensive diving level from the need of the ears Might as well face it all with them Even both places to Christian to Utah Have their values of a crack hole So it's like to start a five thousand dollars Really a short of getting some The other hand by gravity the imagination orchestra two years But diamonds are much easier for my needs of the ears Show her a net you care about getting to a need 154 or five sixty wqm anything on CNN No, and then send me seeing no CNBC no box no flocks no Why am I just checking or your salary is a rod 32 RBI That's a lot to pay for a rod What do you think? No, absolutely. You're saying he has trillion dollars Whatever he's getting Hey a rod. Don't be stressed out. Please Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello What's happening bud? Yes sir What are you running back? 85. Hold on. You're all about window. Sorry about that. No problem. Back in the 84 I was somewhat of a celebrity Do the haze you know. It's happened 15 years ago I'm so excited. What I was a freshman. You know soccer boy. Right. And play for the baseball team And basically I was tied up in the locker room As a kid in the house. And I got done. You got one? I got done. Yeah. Freckin beans and let me tell you something. It was terrible. Yeah. My family and the school board. Great. But what? Hello? Yeah. We ended up in the school board. Of course, by then 15 to go to the You know, when we got back then I was like nothing. We ended up selling for 70,000. But more embarrassing was when I had to Start getting all the leading attention back then. Yeah. 15 years old. And we had a, we had a, with our show 20, 20. Yeah. Show up in the whole night in the arts. It was embarrassing. Very embarrassing. I've never once watched the seat still few jerks around Here in Miami. And, you know, it's just a couple that's never going to, you know, It's never going to stop. Yeah. I think the way to solve it is just to, you know, Get some of you. You look at Broughty. Just beat the crap out of me. You'll feel better about you. Yeah. That was the end of that. He just, maybe, what's the calling? Maybe in there. Yeah. He went to call Luca Broughty. Let me worry about Luca. 560560, ponpying 60. I'm the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Or he'd, yeah. He'd franchise only worth $548 million. But Alex Rodriguez worth $252. So he's worth about half as much. No more, yeah, about half as much as the whole. Yeah. He's franchise. Alex Rodriguez. And keep in mind, he isn't even the best player in the game. He's not, I mean, he's, he's one of the best half dozen players in the game. But he's certainly not even close to being the best player in the game. So beat that isn't me. Here's Davey. Hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. I think I figured out what's wrong with the Panthers. Yeah. Not the defense. It's not they won't play for the Murrays. It's that other teams get way too fired up the players. Yeah, there you go. Now you're catching on. I think they even rest guys the game before they come over here when they play another. You know, the interesting part of all the excuses they're making is the fact that now the new one is, well, we're waiting for this big four game road trip and then we're going to start evaluating. I mean, who the hell are they kidding? They first of all, they haven't got a Chinaman chance in hell or winning any of the four games that doesn't look like. And number two, how many games do you have to lose? How long do you have to go? How many empty seats do you have to have before finally somebody pulls the trigger? Well, we got the off target. There you go. I forgot that's right. Good. Good.