The oldest cast in colors, not necessarily represent those of the measly grotesque, if that advertisers are agency. Now, here's Neal Roger on 5.62. Hey, hey, hey. This is a fact in the circuit. Oh, I like the noble one, the election. And I like the noble one, the election. I don't know. Casabois, Casabois, baby, Casabois, Casabois, Oh, Casabois, Casabois, baby, Casabois, Casabois, Casabois, Casabois. And the light bulb. And the thing that's present to the show, we'll speak in. Live of the wounded who was going to win. Some Palm Beach people went to do their voting show. So count up all the ballots and find out who's gotten more. Those old books seem to have one thing in common. Looks like random them just use their will suit. Patrick, you can't hear. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. So I'd like to know who won the election. Get that right to know who won the election. Not more. Not said that back. The voter is informed with all this. That it is boy. If the last of several times election supervised policy, and the Saturday is saying Infantry requests are clearly for it. This is what the status of the soul. Then we have, roughly, on August 18th, we have the meetings. During the same period of time, around August 20th, we have this group. We have this group. We have this group. We would say the door to find out what the policy is. And that's around there. That same period of time is when Mr. Ray is going to be in the court. In the court, it's actually a deal. Can't get out of here. Much force to out without the risk without required. And the same. I'd like to know who won the election. That I'd like to know who won the election. Can't get out of here. I'd like to know who won the election. Yes, I'd like to know who won the election. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. Can't get out of here. I think that a first order of business day to point out that the Miami Herald has already filed under the Freedom of Information Act to take a look at all the ballots from all across the states. This is not anything that they did in this weekend where they showed that if there were an accurate telling the Gurb of all of the votes would have been counted. Gurb would have one flowed by 203000 votes and neither were they going to count the votes. And how did you like that? That's certainly something to keep in the back of your mind because how embarrassing would it be. embarrassing enough with all these allegations of impropriety and the hanky panky with or without Tommy James. But how embarrassing would that be to say okay I won we're going to do our thing we get sworn in all of a sudden I guess what you really lost but it's too late now. That bum is rush that's been you way in kind of thing. So the trials there are many of them. There are so many of them. I didn't realize that there's also one in Bay County. Did you owe you were there? We know there's one in Martin County that started a clock this morning and last night they started with this pre-trial stuff in Leon County for the Cedudl County absentee ballots. And that hank and judge their judge Nicky Clark. She would be saying oh no of course they let me publicans filed for the case to be immediately dismissed and she said no they also had a appeal for a jury trial which of course would have done two things number one take it out of a hand since they are terrified by her and number two would have really drag this thing out. Probably kill the base number day maybe two and she said no no. That's absolutely nothing in the law that provides for a jury trial in this case. Now this Gerald Richmond and I think that's his name who's given the opening statement here for the group people on the Seminole County balance. I think he's from down here. I have a feeling that he's great. What do they have that David boys and that other stuff everybody talking about how Britain he is. He impressed me about as much as they. Okay so we didn't use any notes but in the meantime did he make any points with a judge? No. Now this guy is great. He's like a real attorney. And I hate to break the news to a lot of you bush people are already counting your eggs in and we had that big day in the stock market yesterday although the Dow is taking a precipitous crap in the ass day to this morning. They don't know what they're talking about. That's all that's all again. That's like institutionalized the Las Vegas. Student intellectualized Las Vegas is I said the other day. Did David say that? Oh no I said it. But it anyway. And they're already counting the thing instead of counting the votes they're counting their thing. And they think they're in. Well guess what? I hate to break the news to you. I don't think the Florida Supreme Court is going to say re-count those balance. I could be wrong. I don't think they're going to say that. But I do think that these cases of voter fraud no it's not voter fraud. Regularities not voter fraud. These cases of Hanky Panky with absentee ballots and of unfair treatment between the Bush absentee ballots and the court. The case in Bay County. We like I said we know about seminal which is going on right now in the Martin Coli County absentee ballots started seven this morning as in recess because both trials are being staggered in the same court room court house on the same day. Democrats are also challenging more than 13,000 absentee ballots in Bay County. Or they say residents who should have voted in person were encouraged to vote absentee by the Republican Party and Governor Jeb Bush. The Bay County still the ledgers that a litif governor Jeb Bush and currging Republican voters to cast mail in ballots from the comfort of your own home gave voters the impression the prompting was an official state document and then it gives illegal advice. Republican lawyers filed a motion to dismiss the suit which will this one will go on trial on Friday. So every day this week we got crap going on. Pay me. Reptius continues. Speaking of crap going on, George has got another great appearance this weekend. You weren't able to get a hold of your good post-person friend Johnny I assume. I guess not. So I'll read it even though we're still trying to figure out why. Look for George this Saturday again. I guess the model here of ourselves the prominence if it was the first you don't succeed. Fail fail of you and or something like that. George this Saturday will be pending. I know what he wrote on the same. Are you going to copy of it too? I should not. I'm not. Yeah, don't read the location yet until I talk to George. George, there's a somewhere between 11 and one this Saturday and I'm following a motion to dismiss motion to dismiss. Motion where change of venue. That's what I'm about. Just like I filed the motion to dismiss that line and that one piece of copy this morning. I granted it myself. I'd like it to be in a place where I'd like to watch that. I'd already try to just look. See I hate to break the news to our sales people, but you're not going to put words or anything else in our mouths. I also would have an effort to make it up to 100 grand for plant parenthood, which were just struggling along on our fundraiser. Joe Costello will be in the QA in Van with the best deal stuff. This Friday from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. at the sound device on federal highway between Oakland and commercial with the CDs cassette and t-shirts. No more key change. This Friday not today, but this Friday 11 a.m. we'll tell you more about that tomorrow. And of course I guess on a Friday would be a good idea. I think that today's going to be there. We're closing on 70 grand. We got most of the month of December. December should be a gigantic month because those. And I'm looking at this thing. The key change went like hotcakes, but I'm less I'm a stake in the best of meal CDs and cassettes aren't selling anywhere near the way they ought to be. No, we're in near. Now, I could be wrong about that. There are specs all over date, Broward and Palm Beach. And of course, there were on a West Coast, even in Fort Myers and in Naples. You think just on a West Coast, they'd be buying thousands and thousands and thousands and thousands of those best meal CDs when they know. Oh, well, I mean sounds good. How that pull come out yesterday, Neil. Nobody's lost in court again. Al Gore should concede or exhaust all legal options. 1,000 and 1 votes. Quite a few concede 458.457% exhaust all legal options 543.54.3% fairly close. But now that I'm watching this thing about those absentee ballots and I'm listening, I also think that this, what does your name again, Sandra Gord? The supervisors, the supervisor of elections in seven or county. I think she may be going to jail. I could be wrong about that, but I have this strong feeling because they've got her deposition and they're going to be using parts of her deposition in the testimony in the style. And I have a feeling based on all these hanky, panky lies that she's told me to tell an entollin that she's in real serious hot water. At least based on a georritchman's opening statement that I just heard most of the little wonico. So that's going on right now. Yes. But we're not going to avoid boy with the whole thing. We will tomorrow morning between 10 and 11 will carry the oral arguments in front of the Florida Supreme Court half off of each side between 10 and 11 on whether or not they should do the hand job and recount those 14,000 ballots. Nine minutes after 10 is it just goes on and on and on and on and what can I say? Kind of like a hobby now. No portion of the program may be due for due to that big stress written commission at W2AM decent broadcast. We're not worried at first. Thanks to her we also have me filled us all with great delight. She's a wonderful guy. You're a face there every night. It's your birthday life. Holy holy. When you're 30 in double the time. Her shirt fits so tight. Holy holy. She gives up young guys flying right. Oh, 15560 W2M 4 pounds in two days baby. Oh. I'm my car. Carbwell car solutions died. Do I hear any more about that from our salespeople? Oh, for anybody else in the building. Oh, no, they got their own agenda. They can't be bothered with us. We're small potatoes. Anyway, our poll questions today. After this close election, do more of you wish you had voted. Three choices. Yes, I didn't vote by wish I had. Don't blame me, I voted. Or no, I still wouldn't vote. Excellent poll, Neil. Thank you. I give a vibe to great poll man. After this close election, do more of you wish you had voted. Yes, I didn't vote, but I wish I had. Don't blame me, I voted. Or no, I still wouldn't vote. And to be honest with you, I couldn't blame any of you all away around. Crapy choice, crappy candidates. See, I came up with that word. The disingenuous, which I think describes it all, go up perfectly. And after watching the push about 30 times on the news last night, they kept showing us that on the outside that the federal building of Rebite Halley was a courthouse be worded. That's the expression that's always on his face be worded. Some people call it the deer in headlights. But I think be worded describes him perfectly. Be fluddled and really be worded. Kind of as in, yeah, like that. That's how he always appears to me. Here's our first call in Bokeh. Hello. I do a nail. Okay. Yeah, um, I just, I believe we'll to me that, uh, and I'm certainly not, uh, encouraging this. Well, what I'm about to say, and, and I realize that, you know, it's what makes our country the greatest, well, you know, you'll probably disagree with that as well. But it's our country the greatest one. Well, I was going to say that the greatest country in the world. Oh, no, not even close. I agree with that, too. But it, it's, well, why do you say, you see, you know what you say? Because it's the popular thing to say, you know, what about the cliche? We're in a best and I wear on a, okay, when we got the best shopping malls in the world, we got the best, you know, strip shopping malls, and the best of the on signs other than Japan, I guess. Well, now that I got the politically correct. Right. Out of the way. Uh-huh. Uh, let me just say, I, I now understand when, you know, when you watch these newsreels from countries where people are writing in the streets. Mm-hmm. And again, I'm not encouraging that because I don't think it's the right thing to do. But I do understand that these people have probably gone through, you know, several years, if not more, of these types of elections, where obviously someone won the election and through whatever, you know, means necessary. They give it to someone else. Well, yeah, but don't forget, it requires a very extraordinary circumstance when you have an election that's this close to be able for a small number of people to be able to manipulate it. It's ordinarily the margin is sufficiently hundreds of thousands or a million or whatever. So that, it makes it almost impossible to do a boy. And you have a very close election just like to what in Miami where you had the dead people voting and they find me through all the absentee ballots on. Uh, that's where it's possible to do it. I, I agree. Uh, but I would have really did that the kind of crap that they're, that they're discovering now that's going on a lot of these Yahoo counties. It's been going on for years, not just in Florida, but all over the place, which again, is another classic example of how ridiculous it is to be using paper ballots and why they love paper ballots and absentee ballots because those are the ones that it's easier to dig around the election with. And if we did have computerized voting and all went into a computerized terminal and you had a specific number, you don't have, there's nothing to recount. Oh, absolutely. It's the only smart thing to do, but of course that, you know, why do that? Yeah. Uh, the other thing is, uh, you know, this George Bush guy. I mean, forget about, you know, the politics. If I have to look at this guy's, lopsided face and facial expressions and whatever for four years, you know, I definitely think I'm leaving the country. I mean, he just, he looks like a geriatric Alfred E. Newman domain. I mean, painful to watch the guy speak. Yeah. What I goes up in his lip goes down and you just wait and form the stick of footness mouth. Oh, no. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Better get that in my P. Edmund man or Dick Clark or some other Dick. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 off the very slow start this morning and you want it a while because they're all watching this stuff on. I'm not going to put the audio on here. It's a pondress. I mean, there might be a few interesting tidbits. I can't, I don't, I'm not going to take blood to be doing that. It would be an easy way out today. What it'd be an easy way out. Oh, yeah. But I'm not going to do that. Anything meaningful that develops because this is going to go on all day. Because the Democrats are calling for five candidates and Republicans to be here for and then, of course, the seminal county, uh, canvassing board, they're calling theirs and this one and that one. And it's going to be an all day deal and maybe into tomorrow. Just the one in seminal county, plus it's daggers with the one in Martin, Martin County, absent he baller case up there because it's in the same courthouse. So they have to stagger the hour. So we'll do this for a little while and then local back in, uh, some of the same attorneys, by the way, run it back and forth like that very with a big here. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, you doing it. Okay. Hey, uh, you guys, you need to get over the group of equal off bottom line. They counted it. They recounted it. They recounted it a lot four million times. Sir, so let me ask you a question. Go ahead. Do you think they'd just buy your saying method that makes it a fact? I mean, I realize a lot of people have big egos, but do you think that by you're saying that that's going to be so persuasive and it's worth it. As for court has ruled against court enough to not look at court to Supreme Court today. We're against them. Listen, Neil, they recounted the votes. The guy lost everything they didn't recount them for a while. They didn't recount it. They never counted the 13,000 votes that are encroaching from Palm Beach and day. You don't want to know the only votes they counted from Miami. Let me ask you this question. Go ahead. Because you're obviously hysterical and so partisan that I know I'm not going to be a part of it. What are you screaming about? Because if you're saying this aren't you are a voter for course. I'm not partisan on this. Then what do you so hysterical about? Because I'm not believing a fair process. I don't believe you. What's the reason that can I ask you the question? Go ahead. You think based on what you've read. You certainly have been following it somewhat. Obviously, you can't avoid it. In seminal county, forget about any of the other debate or Martin, but just in seminal county alone, what was done in the back room of the supervisors office, which is unprecedented according to what they've already discussed this morning, you think that that was a fair vote? I don't know exactly what happened. Don't call a talk show and start giving me a whole rang no matter who you voted for and then start pontificating when you don't know what you're talking about. I'm not going to talk to people like that. Whether they've published people or poor people, I don't care. They're dumb people. God Almighty, read a newspaper, turn on your TV or have any hearing right now on the seminal county ballots. The Democratic ballots that also lack the same voter ID numbers, they were put in a pile and finally put in a Schmidt camp. We have no idea how many they were by the way because nobody kept a log. Nobody has any idea how many they were. Just like these Republican ones. And the Republican ballots that lack the information and first were set aside. And then they decided oh, it would be a good idea. Let these Republican operatives come in here, which Sand Regards says, she don't even know who they are, but she's already unfortunately testified that she does know who they are and it's got a whole bunch of people ready to come forward and say that she talked with them, she knows them by name, she knows who they were and they set them up in the back room with the aid and assistance of the same seminal county elections workers who didn't have time to contact those individual voters and tell them that their applications for absence of the ballots were lacking the information, but somehow did I have the time to hang out with these people and fill all the information out and make sure to look all out right separating the wheat for sure. Here's these are for us and those are in the crap or it's that you're an idea of a fear election and you really know even up to believe that this election was on the open up and I got 70 million acres of crap in the Everglades to sell you or just to pound from my backyard that also do cheap the way the market's looking again today. I don't want to talk about that market crap because there's more bull crap that's the biggest pile of bull crap that Everglades down a pipe you're better off taking your money putting it under a mattress. I'm telling you that right now the stock market is the biggest scam that was ever put over on the goddamn public make no mistake about that and to give these 45 different talking heads in yesterday and at last half hour and markets are going through the roof and the one guy comes on oh yeah well if we can sustain this rally today the opening tomorrow is going to be spectacular and by the way but it's going to pick up right where we left off and we have a real positive opening and not only did we sustain the rally but it kept going higher and higher until 405 and it finally had the you know close the the damn market down for the day did we open positive this morning is the market up now now now anything else no no it's all manipulation the people with the big bucks the people just like the price of world has came down to $29 a barrel like you went to bed one minute next the morning got up $29 a barrel just what way to hell down price the gas to the pump going down I haven't seen it no filled up my car last night at Amico bucks 74 gallon for premium didn't look like it went down to me did it go down any not a penny so what was that guy saying oh he was a jackass here's Miami hello yeah he had a little background on Gerald Richmond he is a Miami attorney he's great yeah he ran when caught pepper faded away he was the opponent freely and a rosley and then that congressional race what a shame what a shame to think that here's a brilliant guy like him a nice Jewish boy like him a brilliant man and they've put that dead the rosanna danna back again yeah well actually it was an open seat and he he lost to her in the general election isn't that pathetic but he's a great lawyer he's sensational where has he been all this time well we saved him for the right case you were your good point because I'll tell you last night when the pre-trail hearing they were they were going wine and on and on about well this is an important and that is an important and you don't have to pay finally Nicky Clark looked at him and said you mean to tell me this 1998 legislative law that was passed to prevent this type of thing from happening I'm just a stigma this that and the other here and let you guys get what you want so she's hot I want to know is hot not that hot well I'd like to make a Clark poster really well you know I mean I was surprised actually she showed up this morning I thought they would took care of her last night okay see good luck you pal I've heard of the hanging jotted but that's really extending it a little bit too far five six seven oh five sixty palm five sixty on the AT and T and Verizon wireless line how's that pull coming along well look at that after this now this is interesting you want to come to come out like this don't blame me I voted just got all ten votes so far you want to know why because the people who didn't vote are don't care they're gone they're not listening to this we've lost that whole part of the audience which is 50% of the public we don't have anybody listening which is you know do I really care about that anymore oh no I've done my best for a lot for about a hundred years and then these are people here the beesleys and Gregory did deserve that point to share they're going to want to get in someday they deserve it a bunch of phony baloney grave robin schlock mystus this is your schlock station nicknames think about that and we're proud of it here's a mobile in bokeh hello hey Neil you're thinking like a true democrat I can understand yes I am a true democrat that is correct yes sir what but I'm in fact I'm not so much a true democrat anymore is I am an anti republican that's right but you know what you have to do on the other foot and the democrat for fighting for this rather than the other way around the democrats would act in the exact same way what about the official would maybe doing the same thing the gore's doing now you bet so what what's the point so the point is it's not it's not a republican or democratic question it's a country question yeah it's a day it's a day it's a how we are going to run it's a hero now it's a worker on the mark I'm not dealing with this okay today or any other time if you want to have a conversation fine if you want to make a speech get a god damn little uh soapbox and go on on the street corner somewhere it's a question of if you're going to have an election that's supposed to be important then do it right that's the question not complicated not rocket science do it right get the right number and don't be able to spin your way in or fake your way in or talk your way in or PR your way in and then chanie comes on the other day talking about well you know we could ever recession and even the economist wondering yesterday saying don't you think that that's uh you know pretty dangerous language coming from a man who's like a heartbeat or shouldn't it's a heartbeat away from being vice president and then we're saying yeah that's not a good idea in addition to which green spanned you see you pull the crop around out from under yesterday he pulled it right out and don't pull it through hard just if he falls down I think that's that's going to be it for Dick 26 after 10 is 560 WQA anybody have a heart or a liver I believe poor as well as the rich women and men alike citizens of every race create and color all are equal they are equal that is so long as all of their votes choose me if the people do not in the end choose me I would then commit to contest this inaccurate and incomplete count in order to ensure they choose me this is some barracks recount after recount god bless America at a boy out 10 31 and 560 WQA to hear this fact this is very amusing to me in fact maybe deserves a little bit music in background because I think we kind of add the flavor that it deserves this is I find your comment yesterday equating conservatives to Nazis offensive oh oh oh oh oh oh bad sometimes honesty is offensive the point is or was a voter and capable of following written instructions may have by the facto surrendered their rights of oath while genocide of this population maybe a paddock screen just as bad I think anyone who thinks the tabulation machines identified uh and not religious states I have no problem of voter re-education camps start with anyone of things the tabulation machines identified and rejected their ballot based on race age gender or personal sexual preference then include those who have a difficulty with the concept of express checkout lanes for ten items for less or less and no checks also invited or camps those floated drivers who think a red traffic signal just some sort of holiday decoration and let's not forget any former member the buffalo bills homer to the x-y moved afforded with skate-possible judgment and then started attacking the neighbors well the last part I agree with this guy but basically what he's saying is anybody who don't agree with him put him in camp so I rest my case thank you here long during junior and have a nice day and also tune to you too 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line line one is screwed up just in my way told you that line 5 is still not there and he's in there sitting on his asses like always you know and I'm just not wasting my time because they don't care well good luck this incident yeah here's pop at old b channel yes sir yes yeah yes you know I want number one say I don't always agree with you on a percent but I do love your show and uh I got to say about the OJ Simpson thing I'm pretty much beside myself the OJ Simpson warning the OJ Simpson situation yeah but they got with the sunglasses yes sir I two years ago had the exact same experience I'm not proud of it but I do want to tell you the truth that I had a road-rate situation another man wanted to fight with me basically there was threats back and for all over there's a story short I got out of the car when over his car reached in his car six inches sir and was arrested for burglary due to my hand going in his car as a Florida statute they handcuffed and shackled me put me in jail for nine days you said no you're stuck six inches in his window yes sir my fifth one in his hand when you said window didn't break the window his window was open he was trying to scrap at me sir and I was trying to scrap at him yeah and hit you felt was uh hooked so he couldn't get out of the car but you didn't pull his glasses off and scratch him and uh do that. I'm sure exactly happened his glasses came off and he had a scratch on his nose yeah exactly what happened they charged me with burglary and assault I admitted the assault immediately sir but burglary was ridiculous because I never tried to rob anybody my mobile all over there okay they took me to they shackled me my feet then my hands or even though I was complete gentlemen my background real quick I've been a businessman for 22 years in Broward County I'm free homes in Pomponobitch area I could have bombed out and they refused me Don sir for nine days here's a man who does the exact same thing and is not even arrested for it yeah now how does that happen I mean look oh wait if he's gonna murder two people and not get arrested for that how's he gonna get arrested for this so I guess I should have had a good example if he's not gonna go to prison or the electric chair for killing two people I mean I mean he didn't get arrested we didn't even get you know throw in a slimer for 20 years it's absolutely ridiculous I'm just gonna admit it my daughter 11 first thing due to this right couldn't bond out it cost me they gave me three years probation well thank you management I guess if you'd have been able to run a faster and jump higher you'd have probably got not that it that's yeah I'm sick and tired of people saying hey you know the black get it all wrong and a white shirt of the ones who get away with it all because in this case let me tell you it's famed fame got him off you guys because I'm a standard business man a person I went to jail I was shackled and I suffered for nine days well there you go don't do it again don't think it's fair okay thank you I like you sir how you like that this guy's pissed off he's second time hearing black folks whining all the time about how to get picked on and discriminated against he's the betee he's missing the point that's only poor black folks including a lot of poor black folks who deserve to go to jail who are scumbags and poor white folks who deserve to go to jail who are scumbags but don't confuse us with the fact but the point about O.J. as well taken sir he's a scumbag it's an embarrassment and a disgrace that we have to have in here in our midst of all places but it's a very good place to come to state of Florida take the way from all those goddamn judgments against you in come so that's why he's here plus he's got his good buddies name roll and others and same and a lot of the people inside this building who got their tongue so far up his ass that might come out his throat someday yeah there you ain't can it I don't want to mention no names here's for a lot of them hello I don't know okay one thing I wanted to ask you about what why does bush bring back all of his own dad's henchmen like um you have to ask me that question why why why would he do that and especially what the sir are you really that naive because it's pop a bush too don't you understand that it's the bush people taking over all over again he's the face man for the same people I wouldn't be for so why shouldn't he bring him back and the people are so about and the people are so stupid that when I mean when he left hour everybody it was an amazing recession right and now we're gonna go through it all over again and that's why he's asking the question why in anybody with a half a brain want to go back to the bush days again I guess because they're stupid and they have a short memory and also let me just pull out to you again that when Adelaide and I'm comparing the algorithm at least even said but when Stevenson right against Eisenhower there was no comparison Steven was a genius brilliant man I just now was almost a literate but a war hero now George W certainly isn't a war hero especially after the disappearing national guard life but the fact is his name is bush a lot of people assume that he was supposed to be he was next in line and therefore they like dumb don't you understand they prefer dumb over intellect and one more thing uh but they execute another one in Texas that makes number 48 number 38 two more there's scheduled two more for this week next Christmas present that's like one every week one every ten days oh right anyway great but okay that's what George always says keep that needle up pumping and the executions too five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line you know the ones to get me really wild are the ones we've already had a couple of the they're like shrewd and hysterical like the one guy claim was for war which maybe he was plenty of dumb people voted for war two and they don't know what they're talking about like Vince Gulley has said it's one thing to be wrong but the worst thing is to be loud and be wrong 59 votes so far don't blame me I voted 50 yes I didn't vote but wish I had five and no I still wouldn't vote four out of 59 votes so far the deal Roger show sports radio five sixty you a half I'm a dance legendary athlete the extraordinary actor now he debuts in his new action series OJ tips and stars in Miami slide Tuesday's loons OJ tips at the bar's comp they've brood our malleys from the beef street of Fred Wood, California to the deadly street of Miami for that let's if you OJ tips and ask ticket comp dialogues so where were you last night and 7pm it's a bit you go my amy swice starting OJ tips and as Sergeant Bruno Mollie the hard roughs up cop on duty but the loving dad are dad yes dear what happened to mom you did I did your room at your home Miami slide started OJ tips in a Sergeant Bruno Mollie an NBC this Saturday you is blue and yes well it's gonna be an at movie it's 1043 at five six to your little it's you only a finger there that's what OJ said too 567 0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line seminal county absentee ballotrolas and recess and even the Martin county one is in recess so they're just they're going ffff ffff ffff ffff I like back and forth nothing earthshaking going on right now not yet not yet but hang on tight and I still I'd still like to know because the guy was so shrilled before that gorg guy that I really I was gonna ask him the question if he would have been screaming and yelling I wouldn't have been so stupid in the minute that he didn't know what that was going on with a seminal county ballots but at any rate so what if they're here all over 15 other organizations come in and they examine the votes from all over the state and the bushes sworn in he's the next president and all of a sudden we find out hey guess what we're doing with a state by like 20 thousand votes what do you do then what do you think then I'll see you Democrats you and you don't like something you take it to court and you get your judges your liberal judges but you know something guesses got more more guess which party I'm not talking about individuals we've got more suits going on right now it's the Republicans they got the 11th of the circuit code of appeals in the land now you're just a like you're sped into uh huh right here's some rise hello yeah yes sir hi I was just wondering if bush did the right thing and just dropped dead what would happen with this whole scenario i mean uh would they still recount what they asked for uh you know chanity to go in i know he's gonna die in a minute so I just wonder what would happen if you had an idea on that maybe ridiculous but the this whole thing is so ridiculous I forget I suppose this question don't forget gorg is gonna be somewhere this Saturday from 11 to one maybe we'll find out or maybe we'll not I mean it's only Johnny isn't in the building and I don't know how to get a hold what about the red wreck is he and how about Peter Leonard is he in the building that we have to bring me all of that good stuff and didn't want me hot squat or Todd's wreck well maybe there are another sales seminar or some crap like that going on maybe they're just in hiding now now that we need something see what we got our sales people are bringing us a lot of crap that we don't need and certainly don't want but anytime we like need something like even information the answer is always low can't be found here's more gable so hello yeah yes sir good you wanted somebody who voted for Bush I guess to explain it I don't vote for the man the way most people say I vote for political direction sometimes I might vote against the man that I never vote right there yeah so in other words it doesn't make any difference what candidate they'd put up you to the vote Republican if they put Mickey Mouse in there you see the vote Republican and there's the women I sometimes can't afford to vote in the libertarian oh why for Nixon Ram for the country I vote for the libertarian jamb when Nixon Ram for governor I voted for a pat brown so that we can say that is we're so mad at Nixon for stepping into the governor election there but well well well well well we said it and this applies mostly to prime areas you'll vote for the right most parable candidate variable being the word this same well as this is same bill buck the recording that said that all people with HIV out of half pet twos and then when his best friend died of 80 found out that maybe he wasn't the singing of right tune is that the same bill buckley yeah forever thank you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and Verizon wireless line so what did I tell you about the libertarian jamb not fooling anybody you're not fooling me and quit waste in our tax paper just like that rabbi keep tons and quit waste in our tax paper remember they even had people call at the shoul and tell them to stop waste in our fact it just goes in the circular file they have to keep knocking all those trees down just to make the paper for the facts paper and I got them rabbi he keeps telling me to let direct every every couple of days pay more of it this morning again right in the old circular file the shimit can talks a hoist rabbi and take julee women with you here's a mobile in candle hello hey Dale yes sir for that poor putt to call before and that said he was kept for nine days in jail I got two words for him bail bisman I used to have an occipital in Chicago who used to work with the outfit if you will he would get known known killers from the outfit sprung in an hour when they were picked up for suspicion sprung in an hour bail bisman one more thing that super pimped rush limba said that gore hired bill daily so they could steal the election well okay I asked you a question yeah I did I after the life of me I don't understand why anybody other than the right wing true and blue why do you subject yourself in that you think you're going to hear anything informative anything interesting anything intellectually honest on that what do you why do you listen to that just to hear what what the enemy has to say okay great have a good time doing it five six seven oh five six feet pound five six the only eighteen t that's like the people that are listening or not listening to Neil were monitoring him right they're monitoring uh huh they're squeezing themselves is what they're doing with the duty right five six seven oh five six the on the lines that are working today which is a sum of them pound five six beyond the eighteen for rising line here's a lady mobile and pop a hokey hello hi this is candy yes ma'am I'm preparing for the words and I do believe in the Gandhi set up that past the resistance yeah and I think that you're telling that the truth whether this is a jackass idea or not uh huh probably it's the Republic yeah for us to down in the middle of the road if the Republic is due to the office and we knew and we all know that people said we do it in the road yeah can we go on like a purchasing diet in the sense of this big business and the medical firms everyone supported the Republic is another stop on your prescription drugs so that you die in just despite all that I mean like only buying the city for a certain amount of time so that they see that the people have some power and it's not gonna happen it's not gonna accomplish anything number one is not gonna happen because the American way is selfishness and people want their crap and especially at this time of the year people are gonna stop buying stuff I don't think so well what else and if you don't be messing with my stocks because I don't want them to go down can you imagine that you want people to stop she wants to hurt the economy now like out of spite we're gonna shoot ourselves in the feet just to show that we're pissed off how about in two years when we have another election that's only do something sweetheart that's when you do it and also let's change with it no more paper ballots I keep trying to tell you people and finally last night they had a segment about that and they showed the computer wise in the uh the uh swite card the uh ATM type card they showed all these things that they've got I mean please don't insult my intelligence as minimal it may be by telling me that this is the way hold any election with paper punch card ballots there are the countries I can't in the need of those paper ballots but not with punch cards oh no you're wrong the oldest is a great way to I have graph okay great I hope you enjoy it and they're in uh and they're in recess in some of the counties and they're stuck in the half the pickup all their crap and they're going from one courtroom to another in the same building then the same courthouse and then Friday we got the obey county which I wasn't even aware that there wasn't obey county but 13,000 more so 15 and 10 is 25 and 13 there's 38,000 absentee ballots get thrown out a bush bush probably got about about 30,000 so that's a 22,000 vote margin so I'd leave like what about 21,000 for Gore I don't know something like that and maybe a little more here's a mobile-in-four-later day hello oh yeah sir I think that's a robbery made out Kuzer look like a fool you're the night yeah they look like a real rookie uh uh uh I'm a police fan myself I always like Kuzer especially than an elephant yeah well then why would you knock it because you let it a bad goal or two I think it was a great goal I've got the hands on them like you wouldn't believe me let me ask you the sir who tried to game in last of 35 or 40 seconds well don't don't go I don't need a couple in there by then I was turning it off well what line would you are you speaking sir you're pretending to be a hockey fan tied don't he had the first goal of a game you didn't have a couple you had the first goal of a game is 9th of the season anything else you'd like to discuss thank you oh my god this this place and you're something this guy who faches himself a hockey fan this is what you hear in a macaroon elect tonight when the 10,000 or less people will be there for the islander game that's what you hear in fact this is even better than what you hear was you're listening and of course you can't help but they're cruelly like I said before loud and wrong loud and have no idea what they're talking about 567 0560 pound 560 it happened with been a great game sir it happened with been a hell of a uh phenomenal game and I'll take the point thank you and five both teams should take the point here's a mobile and four-laterdale hall mobile and four-laterdale that is a door nail mobile in Miami hello Neil yes sir I was just taking shake I gotta tell you something I only went there because you I remember being in the shop a lot of years ago I never walked in one of the places I thought it was a jump that didn't know right I got to that's the best fast food in this country it was awesome I mean awesome great hamburger great milkshake yes sir this place was packed like it's like it's Christmas or something I asked them I could do you know why all these people here I asked the mattress is not so real Rogers because he's that I go you'll see yeah who's that thanks a lot of steak and shake to them okay who's that people actually got the guys name he didn't know he's from out of town I think oh I see but still I said the reason all these people here is because of the nearly goes okay I said you know when he walks and you better get him free food too now I won't be going in I'm not I'm not I'm not I've died but enjoy it's great Neil it's yeah I was so impressed I can't tell you there you go you know that kid one one last thing I tell you I know you don't replay boy but there's a great interview this month Gary Johnson the governor of New Mexico yeah talking about legalizing drugs that's right not gonna go any further than he is probably because a lot of people are against him right he's got a great story you ought to read it's just uh he's he's right on the money okay somebody else said to me he talked about Holland you know the whole deal over there how to have one quarter less crime than we you know it's just the better deal again one quarter less crime well when I say one nine one more cent less crime then what what I mean is probably three four less crime is what I mean of any kind right they just don't have crime over there compared to over here and they say all the crimes over here are drug related so you know a lot of it you know whatever it said it was legal people would be coming to other to get drugs there you go so don't confuse us with the fact man because they are not politically correct thanks for steak and shake okay okay okay that's it we got one call up in the morning and I would put the thing on but there is no thing there's no they're all in recess right now so that you know you might assume they're watching that or they're watching that oh not even on here's North Miami are last call today hello I'm the last car or the only one I got you're the only you're it the last time we talk was that that place on 441 with the living dead public appearance you know where you punch your brains out yeah yeah uh uh the greatest place of it about that place is people keep prominent so they've done yes a frank or a frank storm to hear you yeah yeah but you got to go the new stand and get time issue today these November 6 yeah okay it's called November 6 yeah December 6 okay feeling the burn that's the title was for some reason time doesn't lift the pages by numbers push the foot page in it's all about what we got the guard I was in the hospital for two days with this they went up my body I'm down my body I'm dead in my heart never everything and I said well I know I got cancer to my way prepared I've got this I'm helping you he walks in well you got the guard there's some pills I never even heard of the guard until uh I came back and had it for me to them we all went ahead of me I had it when I was in a key that went away to he said well you got nerves you got this unbelievable but you gotta get this all across it and today's time it just hit the news okay I'll grab it you got it okay thanks I feel better he's got the guard that's gonna be a poor question that early next week would you rather have the guard of the bird I know Georgia's answer that one five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless plastic our effects machine has had a little bit got a little jam then the facts are started pouring out the bottom there I'll have to bottom out of the uh back to the facts machine which would be real bad for three to five fifty energy QAMI and me for longer day of these broadcast groups they shamed WQAM dot com for the world how do you stop right now while you're very talented young ladies tell me how bivern should do she the little baba thanks a great thing excuse me girls yes Maggie you have a big cue your call on line three should I put him through a putter out through Maggie thank you hello mr president's biking this is the state of Florida calling by holding this election hostage when you promise to South sending us your old people we will release the election so you're here yes and somebody knows how to vote that would be good it's 11-1-5 sixty WQAM there is a judge Nikki Clark just sat down her ass in the chair again come on Nikki say something sweetheart don't just rattle and papers around say something somebody speaks it's your mission time first witness space all right first witness mr richman I should put that on here it's better than all these whining hysterical people screaming and yelling and carrying on what to get all excited about you think that this was some kind of a big deal that we had somebody to be enthusiastic about which we don't which we don't dollars down 76 and as that count 13 cent maybe the next act maybe that arrow is going to turn around get a green arrow on there maybe your just a two little stocks are going to go up not that I care about those oh it's uh guess what since I did it yesterday almost forgot about it today happy birthday Georgian alien yeah that's from alien and don't spend it all in one place all I said early on a happy meal yeah I was rabbit of work this morning and that kept crossing my mind that bitch that wrote that letter the editor in the herald a few weeks ago I'm wondering I'm sitting here today wondering is alien missing his happy meal today so that's what I understand that perokial americans which I would say is about 180 million of them that's all they can relate to that's why they keep like they got before that cliche about you know americans the greatest country most convenient most modern most shopping malls most McDonald's although the rest of the world's catching up fast and dying is fast now too as we are because of it I wonder if he's missing his happy meal probably not only is he not missing it but probably at 10 15 years it was life affecting what the eating of that crap over there until I start opening them there and that will be long remember when they open them up in Russia yeah it won't be long when Castro finally says okay let's get a big Mac here's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir here's a go behind us commissioner is directed by the president to kind of cut all the paperwork for the new immigrants coming into the country to suicide suicideism citizenizing yeah if that's a word and well for the past couple years the finance has been just cranking out new citizens you know like other thousands and of course a lot of the majority are coming from third world countries is very few people from Amsterdam coming over here to be US citizens and at the end of summer is always people are handed whole hand out because of the Clinton's mugshot out of with the american flag in the back and yeah saying that I hope you exercise your democratic rights to to vote and of course bodies third world country people leaving the corrects and all the other swan in ceremonies with the impression that there are democrats now my question to you that's just for the open mind well what do you mean the impression that they're democrats what were you talking about the reason they like all the humans that are coming in are they democrats well they've been here for quite a while not talking about the one day they're in more washing up on sure every day there i'm not sure those are the Republicans wash it up or whatever they're they're they democrat i'm not so what's your saying well no it's all this orders that we keep leaving in here there are all democrats now i'm going to give you my point my point is this a lot of these people come in there's been here a couple years they really haven't been explained the differences in the two parties or the three parties if you want to look at it that way although it is just looking for the soldiers being you know president so so so what you're saying president Clinton's pictures on a hand-pensive he president i would imagine probably if George Bush gets his picture will be on the same military talking about just like yeah Bush's uh uh uses his letterhead the senders the legal letters out in big county so i don't really care which whether over public no but but what you're saying well you're saying the essence of what you're saying is that him can i say anything sir i don't come on point it i want to get you a point but a conversation means i can say something in the middle okay i'm sorry got what the essence of what i'm hearing so far is that immigrants recent arrivals don't know the they're politically unsophisticated and don't know how to vote now would use your single them out because i think that's extraordinarily unfair i think that that could say it would be said about most Americans but what i'm saying is should there are those people that are newlywired newly citizen i yeah be allowed to cancel the vote of a person that's been here for so i will not let me ask you if i was going to ask you this question sir how long do you think that they should have to be here before they can vote this should be at least a minimum of five to ten year period i wouldn't imagine why why why is that why is that what could you imagine when you go to another country if you become a legal citizen you can vote i don't know if any democracy i don't know if any democracy in the world where once you become a legal citizen that you're not allowed to vote the requirements for becoming a citizen in other progressives you know first world countries are not allowed to know i'll tell you what will make you direct your immigration and you can stand there and you can pick and choose who can come in it takes at least two years first of all naturalizes the word that he's thinking of and it uh i why you dignifying my body why you dignify he has no idea the procedure involved he don't like those outsiders and what are you talking about anyway illegally and what are you how can i try to care well that's what then we're gonna be out of no good reason we know your relatives five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t and for why some wireless many many open lines there's the be welded one what we're gonna have to judge your double is meeting with condolese a rice about global affairs he's got a global chief has here's china and he's going like here's uh cost of voting we're looking for yeah wow five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t and Verizon line here's top of no hello yeah Neil i just wanted to wire ojaken right around the link in navigator and i got a nineteen eighty four van well let me ask you how many touchdowns you score my lot uh huh milk uh you think the Florida Panthers can beat the island is tonight well what kind of a question is that why do people call first of all it's not a sports show so i don't deal with questions like that number two let me just say this if they don't i think it's by by Terry next racquet thank okay you're welcome that's why i said yesterday i think that this is where they draw the line in the sand let me just point one thing out to you for the four hockey fans we have listening number one there is no entertainment league that has as few as five victories in fact there's no other team in league that has as few as six including the expansion teams Columbus eminnesota at land of the second year table a horrible team the island of trash they've got three more points than the Panthers who are in last place with only five victories and the only they've got nineteen points is they've managed to salvage nine points from overtime losses and ties and i think if they lose to the lowly islanders tonight i think you can you can pretty much give a big kiss goodbye to at least one of the marries by by if maybe not both because when i mean why even said how much more patience can this man have especially when he saw desperate to one of the franchise here's a lady mobile in four miles hello yes man hey i think you have to you know i was thinking i cannot believe what you said about this letter in with the Miami hero about alien about the happy new i think you're a hero yeah yeah yeah she wanted to be with uh getting it was sorry that he wasn't having his happy meal let they she could just imagine how sad he was oh my god now every picture every picture i've seen i mean i realize there's passage of the is propaganda which we're very good at too but all the photos that i've seen in the home there were playing with his kid uh a schoolmates and friends he looks happy is a pig and sloth to me i just like you know i didn't follow that one too closely yeah good but the reason i called is i was watching a little bit of the opening statements from today and seminal and i'd rather the argument that's uh they're saying well you know some of these motors they they made a mistake and you know the piece of paper was in that they got wasn't wasn't uh printed out correctly that's the same exact argument about palm beach but on the opposite side this thing i feel like i'm in the qualix um it's rather control well you're talking about massive rampant corruption you're talking about a woman who i think maybe on a way to jail Sandra Gordon the supervisor elections in seminal county and you're talking about a lot of lies and a lot of mischief and you're talking about a separate set of standards the republican uh applications for absentee ballots they got filled out when it was missing information and then a credit one got put in the stack and then finally got thrown in the schmitt can but when is something going to be done about it on it well that's why they're having the trial that they sweet out that's having a trial for but were you not saying that i mean you don't think that they're going to vote in favor of uh it's not a question of a it's not a question of a it's a judge niki Clark and i think that's a really i think there's a very good chance he's going to throw those ballots out you know i feel about way too but you know everybody obviously and TV is saying no no even the the democrats are you know uh they they said a lot of her jury rich men say this morning i think there's a real good chance that those ballots are going to go by without the marries will make a package deal please ten packs eleven at five sixty w q a oh god nia is a fortification that no one will forget especially the two candidate buying for the white out when the rug rat visit in the rug rat in recount county one two nine seven seven totally well when it is just a little bit more about the rug rat in recount county opening in theaters everywhere hopefully before January 22nd change in the home eleven fourteen at five sixty w q a mga had had go over in the student to a clock first after right yesterday's uh march of dimes uh award and then we got the guilty on game that at the hard rock cafe at six panther a preview at seven o'clock seven thirty game time i will visit the panthers any interest in that game low and then uh eddie k after the game what's Jesse saying i case remains of clear yeah okay uh despite what everyone is saying that and i mentioned this yesterday about the op at article in the harrels are the interesting article December 12 is not the deadline for sure to find in electors if a state to clear is what everybody's said or twelve members of congress cannot change the validity of the state select will vote when it comes time to count them it is obviously desirable for state to clear when it be forty-seven or twelve the ones for the do one a certain five victory for bush number twenty six but it is not a sense on it all all federal law contains only one hard and fast deadline January six this is the day then which a joint session of congress must meet at one p.m. the kind of electoral votes in the clear or winner not so fast in the european's afhead writer says not even January twenty th inauguration days in the deadline congress can fix someone to be acting present till a full of court's resolve mr. wars claims it's right there in the twenty th amendment to the constitution passed in nineteen thirty three how do you like that here's another one it says should Dick Cheney resign a Stanford medical professor writes in the L.a. times that he should resign before he's inaugurated his vice president cheney's medical problems are grounds for a serious worry he writes we do know that he's required cholesterol lowering drugs that is ejection fraction scored score the percentage of blood that leaves the heart during each contraction is 20 to 30 lower than normal that his heart muscle was damaged by the previous heart attacks and that additional muscle tissues been injured is shown by his elevated blood enzymes plus the stress of the vice president he can only accelerate coming cardiac events no more studies have shown that heart disease and heart attacks are associated with varying degrees of depression and impaired thinking such changes may harm concentration memory analytical ability qualities that make for good decision making and will Roger stop at had the administration the bus team is talk to one time Dallas cowboy naval academy graduate Rogers stop back about hitting the navy what is reports aviation week magazine first report of the news in one of its newsletters former Indiana senator damn coats is a possibility for secretary of defense and you can be sure that Roger will be there on the sidelines yelling the defense defense give me to ball give me to ball let's go Roger always like Roger not as much as Danny white 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless why how's that the trial coming in the the seven-al-county ballot that part of the court please hand it over here here's a lady mobile on west palm Beach hello hello yes man hi I'm a little disconceived by something and I thought maybe you can explain it to me I totally believe that this judge Nikki Clark will in fact throw those votes out I think it's good I think that the law says that that she should be allowed to do that I think it will then go to the Supreme Court if she's your role the courting the law I think the Supreme Court is the Supreme Court would uphold that but what I'm hearing is in that instance I would mean that Gore would have won but then again the four-to-letters later saying that they were hold a special session of like their own no you don't understand if if this is all gonna happen in the next couple of days and you noticed that that legislative session that special session was supposed to start today but it's not going to what's kind of on hold it's in limbo right and I don't think that even even the most rabbit of the right wingers in the photo legislature are gonna have the uh Hutspa if they throw those votes out and Gore winds are putting by several thousand votes the the public would never stand for the never since bill for it so that that that that's what she thinks yeah I think I mean I can't guarantee that but that's what I think well as I said I believe that uh she's got uh absolutely the right to do that I think she should be that the judge so of course she's got the right although I'm a Democrat you know I feel as if we've been totally screwed in Palm Beach County what what's happened here and uh you know it's not a tip for that thing it's a matter of and if the Republicans want to preach law and that's the reason why nothing could be done in Palm Beach County because of the law then I think they need to follow it and okay God bless Nicky Clark God bless Nicky okay let's pull for Nicky come on everybody out there pull for Nicky whoo whoo you go girl she can be bigger than uh judgey to what's ahead of that 560 and she tried to put her slant on this election thing pound five 60 on the 18th of the rise of the world of slime over there on the west coast and the rest of the world we had that toll free number we're very rarely rings 87 seven seven eight five 63 45 you see all the people are whipped up in this thing they're gone I told you that the other day and of course as usual I was right our poll shows that after this election you do more of you wish you had voted both blame me I voted 125 out of 148 yes I didn't vote but wish I had only 14 9 percent and though I still wouldn't vote 9 or 6 percent so will a 23 out of 148 who are listening to this show right now who voted on our website 23 out of 148 pretty weak like 15 percent 85 percent said don't blame me I voted which bears out what I said the people who didn't vote the people who give a crap they're not can listen to all this did not watch this stuff on TV did not watch in CNN and CNBC and MSNBC and the fox fascist never did not watch in a crap and you know something maybe they're better off maybe they're better off because it's pretty goddamn distressing and depressing and all is just another ring another civic lesson in what a corrupt crooked as god damn society we live in where we can't do anything right and especially we're in the heart of it where in the place where our specialty is we can't do anything right you're a field hello you I think it's 50 50 that you froze those both out well it's not bad in fact didn't go or say that you say you still think that's 50 50 that's what you said but the reason why I called I just listened to Bush on TV conducting an interview and listen to the time he says the word uh and yeah between sentences he can't he cannot carry a conversation without saying that word and I count it six times in that two minute interview that you get yeah and that's the man that's going to be sitting across the world leaders I just don't even say that I mean this guy he wouldn't know yes you're a part of the electric smoth around his head all right you think okay good luck to us he's meeting with kombaliza and he's showing him he's got that big little bit of the world and he's showing him here's Russia over here and here's Iraq here's where daddy screwed up and left that bass dude in over there and here's South America he doesn't know Mexico because it's right on the Texas border and he keeps sending all his illegal aliens by the millions point across the border and they keep having to take care of that so he knows all the city fox he's a slice they've a penny but other than that he don't do too much he don't know John Cretzian he wouldn't know he wouldn't know a guy then can't have if he was a hockey player he hasn't got any idea what that's all about so he's got to get some real good briefing I just like that great article I read yesterday who wrote that article which one was that not this one wait it was one by Robert here in the York Times cheer up George W. winning is not all bad about like how scared he is because now he's got to go in there and the and the pretend he knows something or maybe even pretend he's doing a little bit of work which is definitely not his cup of tea he likes those long maps he likes the video games in the afternoon a lot of golf on the side a lot of ribbon cutting a little bit of ribbon cutting that's about it here's a mobile in Miami hello yes sir that's a murder hey is it's your old Richmond you figure out who he is yet what do you mean he's the guy the ram again we had a call on that against the guys in the hurry I was in and out I'm sorry it's okay anyway go ahead let's have fun with this thank you okay go ahead what you go boy okay okay correct correct so I'd so I'd five six seven oh five six six yes she comes to the hockey team since right in front of me send your winces send your winces little hand job okay where we going mobile and pepper pine hello okay and listen you guys keep praying there and keep hoping that uh go ahead and keep rubbing it yeah keep rubbing it okay you keep rubbing okay maybe something might happen but your case I doubt it five six seven oh five 16 pound five six the on the AT&T and Verizon all the time there's another rocket scientist for bush right there you can hear it oh yeah you guys keep hoping to pray and I'm not praying and I'm not hoping whatever happens is gonna happen okay I'm gonna hope a little bit but whatever happens is a crap happens man and I'm tickled with that that you're so excited that you're a man one and you know something better you than me better you're a man I wouldn't want them to do with that guy god he's done more than some of our callers here's Del Ray B Chillow oh well I knew yes sir I have a knife I don't know where you get the palm beach opposed you know nobody do not thank God that's a cock's newspaper rag well there's a good article and it was they've about a database technologies firm and uh local or tone had stem studies at one quarter to thirty one percent of the black man for it cannot vote because they have felony convictions yeah now what I'd like to know is why is it legal to run for office being a found but not to vote such as what we talking about well the one good one of the be the of a mayor of Washington DC you can't think be very very right at you know I mean he was a found he had he still could run for the office but yeah but that was an exception because Washington they got all those dark folks and they have to make an exception not true if you're running in a district that there was city or a where-where-where-where state where they got like over 90 percent black people and it's okay oh with that right I hear O.J. is running oh good over right right to the Hertz counter okay good luck to us palaceland point Palm Beach deputies speaking of that investigated proposing for pornographic photos on the web boy and the Georgia was desperate to find the website but it's not in this article one former and two current deputies in the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office are under investigation for violating ethics rules by posting pictures and and video on internet websites and having of them having sex with their wives and others and others according to sources closely investigations other guys one of the websites having sex with their wives and others I thought I was a women while I'm assuming their wives might might be women I didn't read the whole order one of the website the Sheriff's Office or patrol car was used in sexually explicit photograph involving a deputy and his wife and issue was rather the deputy's violated the Department's Code of ethics requiring them to keep their private lives unsullied as an example to wall pending penalties providing the world the Sheriff's Office range from suspension to termination how do you like that and also I forgot this one here Friday I had a great article which I haven't obviously Schmidt can I wish I would have saved it about the Catholic Church it looked like they were going to finally say okay contraceptives are okay cotton is all right because we've got all these diseases and other stuff rampant now and they said no we thought about it for two seconds not a good idea the Catholic Church said no and just coincidentally today's story the Catholic Church is a apologize to boys allegedly abused by a chaplain at the renowned London auditory school the oral school father Kieran Conneye told Sky News the church was sorry for what had happened it would cooperate fully with a police investigation I would be happy to apologize to the victims if there were victims and I believe there were said father Conneye how do you like that people facting in the church police in child protection teams launched the investigation following allegations father David Martin a former chaplain and governor of the school had abused at least two pupils he died two years ago from a suspected age related condition how do you like that there's a fact in the church just the latest at a long line of school as rumors about the Catholic Church and you folks you keep subsidizing it it'll make you very happy 26 past 11 at 5 60 WQN the deal Roger show sports radio 5 60 you hey hey asshole there's no need to fear the under votes are here OK Yeah, let's get it over with already. That's what I say. Get it over with already. Let's go on to important things if we can't be figured out what those are, like vacation and stuff. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Well, here from here from your good buddy, Gianni, yeah, it's older. You did? You can't be helped, so yeah, that's where I'm going to be and that's the time I'm going to be in. Oh, you have to be kidding me. I'm not doing Todd a favor with the time. So, I was talking to some of the, he's just unacceptable. He is unacceptable. Todd Drek, truth and packaging, walking, Drek. Look for George this Saturday from 11 to one at Bill Siddles, Nissan and Miami again. If it first you don't succeed, go back and fail again. 11 months, somebody's got to show up there. Don't you think? Oh, come on. He had one person to show up there last week and it was something that like works right next door. Yeah. Now, this is where your people are, no say I'm laying glaze like that. Nobody's there on Saturday. Nobody's people are there. Why are they Jewish? They were the ox? No, it's just part of town down to Miami or anywhere in that city. That makes it a lot less congested and easier for them to go and you would be good to be stuff. This Saturday 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. at Bill Siddles, Nissan and Miami 36th week. And this the way still the person's at Cardi Luz anyways, guaranteed failure. So I think they're trying to make sure that you don't dry anybody. Bill Siddles and Nissan in Miami located on what? What do you like? You know, it's true. Oh yeah. 36th street just twice of 27th avenue where you're also find Bill Siddles, Mitsubishi and Suzuki. George will have the best in the LCD's cassette and t-shirts there with them. And we're really dying on our plan. Paradoid campaign this year. The reason money for charity on this radio station is like trying to, it's almost impossible. But thank God we're getting all this help from inside, oh yeah. All these great checks are pouring in from all the talent from the management, from the sales managers. I'm just emotional about it. It's so great. I'm embarrassed for this place. This is this is the most long-for-God damn place I have ever seen in my life. The most piss-pour excuse for a God damn real business operation. Then I said it's the first week that we started here. Just a bunch of people, 90% of them just show an upward paycheck. Just go into the motions of life. And of course what a surprise it is what happened at the check-on show up. Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Hello, you know. Yes, man. I just like to say had soft and making Clark and that everything that is going on today is a test of our democracy. And let me tell you one more thing. If we keep letting Kansas in boards get away with this, then what? Thank you, Neil. Okay. Woo. Oh, wow, wow, wow, wow. Well, I had to play something patriotic sounding after that very impassioned speech. Wow. Five, six, seven, five, six, seven, five, six, three, pound, five, six, the only it. The elections are fixed. Don't you understand, lady? It's fixed. This is a club goddamn country. Crumson runs rampant in this country. That's why the stock market likes it. So, good when the white wingers go in here. Because, you know, they got him in their pocket. Just like Tom Corley on the other judges in this pocket, they got all the pop Republican politicians in their pocket. And most of them are crats too. Like I said, all of them. It's just a question they got some of them, which pocket they got. And which company you're talking about? With a look like this thing's got to get thrown out. The seminal county and these other absentee bell. Because that's going to be it. They're not going to do that recount. I really doubt that. I'd start buying Philip Morris. Wouldn't you want that be a good stock to buy? To macro companies going to be going through the roof. Go on through the roof. In fact, there're going to be people who have people with lung cancer who don't smoke and don't even get second-hand smoke just by osmosis. That's how big Philip Morris is going to get again. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Oh, a meal. Yes, ma'am. About girls. You must take that enzyme. Take one? Digestive enzymes. Well, why would I take that just event ends when I'm a uni-assolored food right now? And I died. Anybody that's on the act and died, according to Jane Donnyton nutrition. Oh, Jane Donnyton. Oh, well. Well, Neil, it has helped me. I've had good all my life. Yeah, it helped. And digestive enzymes and as an ambulance have helped me a great boy. Oh, boy. And I wish you would try it. Okay. Okay. So if you're on the act and die, I'm not on the act and that I'm on my own diet. Oh, anybody that's on the act and do anybody that has good. Okay. Must take the just events and by the way, Neil. Yeah. And they call us cry babies. That's Democrats. You're done to them with cry babies because they stole the election from us. Okay. Well, we're trying to steal it back. Okay. Okay. Okay. Good luck to us and good luck with your good. Now is done. 111 points today. So again, those talking heads on the experts yesterday. They bring all these idiots on here and they're gone. Yeah. Like that. Nice. That's only not one of these centrist. Oh, I feel good. I like your about this. Why should I be different for anybody else? Let's see American baby. Let's be selfish. Come on. Yeah. Okay. That's enough. It's a little bloody, a trial and Lee on county. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. He had five of us. He there is Bob Woodward, one of the most wooden. In fact, wouldn't be great to have him hook up with Al Gore. Bob Woodward, one of the most wooden and un-personal people I've ever seen on television and see it. I must be desperate for talking heads because they keep sticking his ass on their over and over again. He speaks like some people have Bob Woodward. For speculative on this and saying, wait a minute. We're not going to look at those bales. Somebody is reporters or his story. I just can't. The way he speaks makes me nervous. It makes my grudge start boiling over again. I start like belly and farting and puking my guts. I can't deal with it. Get him off of there. Go ask conditions doing. Okay. Get off the your Bob. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pond 5, 6, beyond the AT&T. You can tell how excited the testimony is in the trial when CNN's sticking Bob Woodward on again and between the testimony which is actually going on right now, you can tell how boring it is that they got to put him on another deck in the White House. 7, 8 till 0, 8, 5, 60. Q, almost just told George, have been sitting in this chair. Remember, this was from the, you relax your crack store. And I've been sitting in the sink for three years, both down on the second floor. Now, they're working on the third floor. Why do we have they have finished the, oh no. But anyway, is it not embarrassing to realize the year is almost over. another year goes by in the calendar and everybody's still down in their temporary little rooms their cuba puba by the way speak on in the second floor yes tempers were fraying about the arrangement down there a year ago yeah the close quarters the hymnberry facility and everybody piled up on everybody their coming apart really coming on glue yeah but they're supposed to be up here on the third floor now i'm trying to think uh... this coming march will be two years that we've been up here on this floor i'm pretty sure yeah and when we first came up here two years ago march that was when all they all this construction was supposed to get done here and of course the the story always is well they can't get the permits for the the finalized you really believe that no i don't believe it because they're still still hanging from the sitting out there in the lobby you can go on vacation here just like i did a summer i go away for two and a half months i come back to work has anything changed and they got once one inch further long and it's project oh no but anyways i got this chair from our friend the day relax your crack store three years ago and i've been sitting on it and it's a fine chair in its own way but and you can raise the height and lower it and then i i'm trying to figure why is the back so god damn stiff why am i so stiff and my back too and then i look down here and there's even labeled under to show how stupid i am once is uh... height adjustment and that one says tilted when it's out filled it out i go and put first the thing i lean back and it's a higher baby yeah now it's almost comfortable now that i got gird and i bs my kishki's are pressing each other because i've been sitting on comfortable for three years sounds like you could also to make a crack it's a lawsuit 15 till known at five 62 and the testimony goes on a believe you can tell you know you have to listen to this guy until just by looking at this mugwamp how boring he is what to 15 six mugwamp did you hear that 15 15 mugwamp five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t and Verizon wireless lines here's a mobile and lottery by the sea hello hey Neil you there yes you're on my here how you doing today i'm doing pretty good another my sea district now well this cop solutions diet that you're on right now it's like a meal replacement you know i know it says right on i just want to caution you it says right on the uh... thing here says use this product is a food supplement not a meal replacement because i don't pay attention to that i'm doing it on my own because it's got plenty of protein plenty of fact just a little tiny amount of carbs it's right up my alley really have to wash in my face with it not just yeah uh... with the meal i'm looking on your back uh... it can't hurt exactly i'm worried i'll be a good i went out to vacation in San Francisco i got back all i did out there was asking why we can't count votes uh... it's breaking embarrassment yeah nobody understands i said all we're doing is dealing with the antiques that we work with here and uh... and blah blah blah blah blah let me just put here the nutshell and we spoke about this before i think the big problem here was uh... regalia to where he comes from is this you we've been wanting to censor everything i think it was the major problem yeah you know as well as i do that he certainly would change more than just five hundred thirty seven and hundred thirty votes you know that there's a several thousand uh... antiques similar to voted against them and of course he could have been jewish but a lot less authentication about it if it wouldn't be a big deal right point if you would have just been your ordinary pedestrian garden variety due it might have been okay i might kind of skated by those real and red next but the fact that he made such a big so much of a big deal that even the eighty else that i'm skating later and said quit worrying on your sleeve and being such an asshole but uh... he killed the he killed any chance for a well he's the only one that looking out for himself he still got a job right that's right that's a little he's correct that is correct you know hey i look at the cup this car solution stuff public for all the stuff that is out of the advertising on your radio you listen not only advertising on a radio i can't even get ourselves people uh... to bring me any uh... stuff that's funny hey can you know you're a good trooper yes i am good luck you sir and when i put you over i hope you say the same thing why i'll be says when i pull them over for going like two miles over the limit your good trooper five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the you know we ought to make a citizen's arrested ourselves department yeah pastures like i told you before the show and this is the honest to god truth when we need something when you need something when i need something forget about it they can't do squat but when it's something that either is going to make a stick to our stomach which i don't want to mention anything specifically or make me crap my brains out then the guys they're just coming here with on loads crap loads of stuff and i keep screaming get that stuff out of here get a lot of your it's killing me it's making me sick and i will guarantee you times to donuts that that's a lot of that stuff i don't want to mention peter letter by name that he brought in here is what precipitated i never i had i'd be it's okay we know that but the bird this stuff up in here i never had that i never had anything like that and all of a sudden i'm like did like the world is coming to an end like i'm having a fart attack like my heart is ready to pop out of my chest it's not even my heart it's down in my kishki's in here yeah because he keeps giving me direct the direct peddlers but you find something good and this part i'm telling it's good stuff it's good stuff and if you would've gotten me the blender i asked you give me a state which i didn't give you the money or yeah i'm giving the check back it's more i mean you know i'm coming here expecting i bring my big cannon here in the us carps loosens to my fat can so the georgia state in a way out of game the twenty dollar bill get a blender stop it wall dreams get him i could've done it myself but i fear it's much Georgia do we're okay and a new one had to go there for some reason yeah well he just i'll go right now if you just would've walked into the store i looked around he's all looking at there's some blenders over there still like about 15 bucks i think for cheap one so i need i got my powder here i got my mountain valley bottle water and my soul over here i got water up the old i have to get so much water i'll be right back i'm gonna go back and go get the demo care they won't give a crap if there was a way for me to remote this spot from in here where would you go ahead and do that who cares nobody cares blender in some sweet and lower splinter that's all i need i noticed that sucralose is being greeted in this carps loosens and all of there's stuff and i looked on my diet soda bottle and sure enough sucralose and they got in parentheses splenda and splenders good for you as opposed a lot of other forms of sugars and it won't make your blood sugar go skyrocketing and it won't make your fat and it won't do all those things and we'll make you do that either which most of these low carb see that's the thing the low carb products 99% of the if you have any any kind of uh... sensitivity in your system to multi what is it multi-tall and so about all of those things you're gonna crap in your brains up so many that's the idea of how that that works you don't have time to eat because you're post of that room all the time unless you want those people who eats on the throne now you give me a look like that i think you find people were honest that there are people out there who eat on the throne very good at it must be but you don't want to talk about life in from the rear of front which i and why think about that how did i ever get sucked into that that was the most that is the most gross disgusting thing that you of course you're doing it wrong you picked me at a time when i had the cast in my hand and i had the two cracked ribs and i was disabled and like i you know it was an easy time to sucker me into something say oh yeah it's a great idea okay that's not a great idea it's can't roast it's disgusting you're doing it wrong no i'm not wiping anything from back there toward your jewels is so and we are just so the concept of it is so nauseating i got lots of room i don't know about you well you see but you're not big and fat like i am you don't have lots of plus you have little tiny BBs i got big balls baby they pull right out of the tiny penis but you mungus balls like an elephant to make up for it anyway what the hell are we talking about here's a marco island hello yes sir i'm Neil it's a pleasure to finally talk to you yes it is for you i got to thank you and suck around a little bit part of his voter turnout i really feel is it's your responsibility well you want to take it and i am a ghost supporter i thank you from the bottom of my heart for bringing some of these voters out right i know we got a lot of like good and you know something i i actually crossed my mind one three the moment last week nothing i have a giant ego because i don't but uh i when i said here you know the days before election day those many weeks in the non-election day and i'd be seeks people i said you know date brown and Palm Beach especially but the state of Florida gonna decide this election a lot of people probably thought i was whistling out my hands but the fact of the matter is that was right you're done right Neil and then and you did it you did it for so for so many other things down here it's great unfortunately i'm still in my head and water in the march of dines just a joke yeah let me ask you George will be accepted award from the march of dines no what we go then we didn't know that we did see we don't submit any uh stuff because we don't have your to know we respect the my post best friend Hank i just uh you know not personal Hank but come on get serious mark you're just a great job when you're not there okay yeah i got to tell you don't get carried away it's just birthday yeah so let's not get too carried away they stole a fair square they did right rotten rotten no survived pal well this one is just a and i tell you that the other day Neil i was i was on this little i would complete i went down here somebody asked me to change my channel i was whistling in t yeah and i wound up leaving the property instead because i tell you what what was it some old fart uh well down here i'm stuck in an area where i don't know who to call you on anymore yeah over the age of a hundred okay what is 40 is 45 young down here talking to blow it out there and you got it okay good luck you're pet god bless god bless american god bless us like little tiny tames said like the contest the election that we saw like in pombie's county in my amnidate county i like her she don't have any idea what she's talking about but she's burger what's her name kagan what's your first name uh and one thing i've discovered is that other than when something like this is going on nobody watched his scene and rambies are the channels i mean nobody nobody and i never watched MSNBC when the stuff isn't going on because they're afraid they might see i'm a you're really depressed five six seven oh five sixty pound say i guess he's proof that there is life after death i'm a son because he's been dead for ten years and he sticks feel keep popping up in that chair like the guy who's left keeps coming to take the check have you still seen those spots those concyclos spots where she comes and takes the check and he's got the error has been popped up and the chair needs been dead no oh great spot you you must have seen one where they keep shaken the the old people are sitting on the couch and the old lady and the husband keeps shaking always life and they are changing and they're feeling the change that's the same company great spots i have no idea how good their insurance is by sure which i had medical insurance i mentioned that on the year like a month and a half a month ago did do any good no gotta get to medical insurance it's killing me with all these damn pills all this medication which my doctor is upset with pills and then those gave them strips you know look at all little tricks on my fingertips what you have to keep taking your blood sugar several times when you're when you're dying back i've had god i i doubt there's anybody alive had more perks on their edge in their fingertips than i have no question yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line in fact i'm coming out with a steady one your song a reissue here's uh my name is hello my name gone okay some humorless prick in my name we don't care we're having a good time get inspired to these old people five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty it's gonna take a lot of work it's gonna take as months to get a real audience back i'll tell you that because this election thing all we got to the old old old crusty farts who are obsessed with this crap and only only the uh a grower old crusty farts the most people are listening to fad ass so that's all we got left two hundred twelve votes on our website and we asked today after this close election do more of you wish you it voted seventeen said no i still wouldn't vote out of two hundred twelve that's eight percent twenty two state yes i didn't vote but i sure wish i had ten percent eighty one point six percent said don't blame me i voted that's what i put down because guess what don't blame me i voted hundred seventy three that's eighty two percent on two hundred twelve which proves uh we got either a very smart audience what we got a brilliant audience oh very uh civic minded people who want to do their duty oh yeah we do come on or it's just that most of the people are listening other ones who voted the rest of people who want to hear this crap which i could certainly understand that because it's getting really really pondress i mean we got more goddamn trials going on and more lawsuits and more crap choose this christian just one way they're they're getting over with already unlike the oj thing which had drama and excitement and like i told it earlier this one the DNA thing was uh that part of it was pretty boring and pondress but uh the rectific was uh riveting but this thing just uh with all the legalese and all these them uh talking hit it's it's get over already one way the other hey the wonderful staff of our dry concepts would like to remind every all look at that the fact is they're still coming at the bottom of the machine what are we going to do about that uh i'll do it with it some more yeah go get over with it four three to you five six seven you can't you a m i have a four modern day of measly brothers roots they should have no you can't you a m dot com for the world i got two sets of erecting language lesson number one let us begin team's up better what nebzuck the queen there's a camel sniffing your sister you got corn breaker pretty much is pretty the ticket if my camel had a fleece like yours i'd save it but and teach it to walk backward run down this month i could tell which our dememes what you have a witchy your role now turn the record over for your ranking language lesson number two 122560wm hankl be here at two in the studio eleven in person and then we got the other young i'd say succumb the hard rock cafe for whole hour which believe me and then we got the pre-game seven o'clock game time seven thirty islanders of the panters sixty five hundred seats still remain that's pretty embarrassing and that embarrassing i mean we got two embarrassing teams but nevertheless sixty five hundred empty seats let's not do it let's have a few people show off to an alby there what bells are and any k after the hunky game and i'll say it again if the panters don't be the islanders tonight which i'm pretty sure we will but if they don't it could be a bad oldman for the Murray boys here's my m e hello yeah sure all you know every time i see a leavenman talk on tv he looks like he just had a bearing an animal uh i mean well maybe he did and also he's got good yeah and he's got a set of seats back right maybe he's got good from too much of that deli a little kill your man yeah you brought out for that pastrami he's got a back in the seat too speaking of seats this chair is just uh why is it taking the all this time to realize how uncomfortable this thing is it's killing me i've been did it with it all during the break here and the chair too and it just that you can't get it in the right position and the chair you just can't uh it sucks what to try this one oh no i am just telling you this is not this is not acceptable chair we'll have to work on that in fact you know something i was gonna see if we get our own chair we did get our own chair because it doesn't really like your cracks door but it's in because they wanted us to some of these little places or man i'm gonna tell you something remember you know i thought i was exaggerating when we first came up here on the third floor almost two years ago and bluff was sitting here right next door and that little tiny office at that little tiny maple leaf he didn't even have a desk at that time didn't have a real desk he had like a like a a plate one of the colors things like a height here with a well well what are they call as little things like like like this thing kind of like a little uh card a little like a microwave cart yeah like i like exactly like a freaking microwave cart with a height here sitting at it a card and then he was this big office across the hall that same sand the uh long departed deer departed sand with his incestuous relationship with Greg Reed that was supposed to be the promotions office and we were told i kept saying how come the peenies in the new boom cloud and the promotion guys got that big office oh no that's gonna be a production studio is it a production studio oh no not that i had a big graduate Miguel because he can have whatever he wants believe me but i don't figure out Jim but that was because it was sand so you see the on the air light on the outside of that's right yeah production i see air and here we got bluff they finally and then after we called Joe Resolid in Roth office apply and threatened that was gonna buy a desk because this place was two god damn cheap to ride by our program director real desk then they finally bought him the this political board piece of crap that's it in there which is supposed to be a desk and that's the kind of facilities that they provide because they're the cheapest god damn bastards on the face of the earth is be easily company in Greg freakin Reed and you know something i'm gonna have to bite my tongue about Greg Reed yeah till it's bleed because i got stories i could tell you that would make even even the strongest stomachs out there puked your guts out about what a cheap prick this guy is five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line anybody want the rights to the marlins oh oh i'm sorry here's a mobile and pepper pine hello yeah here's a previous thanks to comfort King George he gets on TV last night with the interview that he did guys chronic fine i'm just done in the mood for chronic so i'm just you know i got a little energy back because i've lost four pounds in two days i can actually feel like i can feel the skin on my arms now you're not getting this little circulation back i don't want to hit a same boring uh two burgers over and over again let's get some different people on here okay let's get some living and breathing people even if they're not listening anymore five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line say i don't know what makes some of you people think that you're interesting because you're not like that guy you hear you hear voices like that in your sleep the same people always with that same tone in their voice at same like you know like given it in the world a little bit of a lecture just give it a rest okay go take your own barrier minimum relax here's a mobile and deliebe chillo you know yes sir quick question in public where do you get a cop solution inside the store sir right where they have all the good slim fast and all that crap and don't buy the slim fast is loaded with cover hydrated's loaded with sugar it's cop solutions right that's what i just said okay and don't call us again carb solutions and i'm not suggesting that you do what i'm doing because you're doctor would tell you don't do it and my mother will tell me that tomorrow when i go from one of them real real meal in the week all right so dangerous now mind your own business okay Just mind you own freaking business and squids them outside the door when I'm taking a crash. Yeah, God. You know, since you are all looking at it, I'm just looking out the bottom. Thanks machines messed up. It said a friend of mine attended the award yesterday. He said Hank was crying when he received his award. And what the hell was Steve Kane doing there? Steve Kane was there yesterday. Oh God! Oh! You have to be pointing at me and my chain! Just tell me which one is your problem. Oh! I'm not saying a word because I don't begrudge Hank anything. I mean, he ought to get a real award from like a real organization. That would be fine. But I mean, the march of dimes and these bogus, radio things. And we're just like, what's the women broadcasting? Is that the other organization we have here? That's always given awards to people like Sandy Payton and all the other boring terminal people in the world. This town. Here's a call from Tampa, a real exciting place, hello. Yeah, yes sir. Use the best thing about the yakens does. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and Miami Lake, hello. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Look, this election has caused too much of the disillusionment. Too much wine. Administration. Too much wine? Is this a witness? A witness of this. Oh. Yeah. And the budget is this? Well, the Bush administration and the interests of closure and getting on with the important business of this country should feel or have to destroy the so-called ballots as there's no point and no fair way of dealing with them. Yeah. They would only cause more confusion and deprivation to the general public. Yeah. And up. Well, they're burning them right now. So don't worry about it. They're working on it right now. They learn from Nixon. If they were just the race, those goddamn tapes, right? Oh, not a boy dick. 567, 0560, pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Another dick in the White House. I'm going to say after noon at 560 QM. I'm a Neil Roger show sports radio, 560, you a half. Floridian, dumb avders. 96 on channel 22, Washington correspondent David Baines discusses the attempt by Vice President Al Gore to halt the continued counting of McDonald's Ambrothers. Guards and attorney fear the simple statement, billions and billions served is misleading and states of the restaurant wants to show accurate numbers that's fine. But to say a billion here or a billion there is confusing. The Vice President wants to have the number of burgers recounted from 1987. The year the company stopped its official count. This was sports and weather tonight at 6. Okay 12, 12, 560 WQM and Jell was on a way to give me my blender. Alright, now we need some sweet and lower some splendor. Rounds of blender? Huh? I guess we don't have any. This place is just, uh, it's it. I don't want to go on because I don't want to get myself depressed. I feel great. I'm going to really good mood. I don't want to start talking about this place. Just ignore. Just take the check every 15 days whatever it is and go have a good time. And I do. Here's a lady in the gable. Hello. Hi Neil. Yeah, man. Okay. The women, the people women classified to do are Sir Julio also. The wife? A Julio? Julio. Julio. Okay. Just a, I was watching Larry King last night for a little while. If I went to sleep and they were talking about both of the cases the one in Martin County and the one in the, in the, in the, in the, in the seminal. And then there's one in Bay County that I even all about. I didn't need that. They didn't even touch on that one last night. Right. It's that the thing is I'm trying to be hearing. But what they were saying mostly is the, the one in Martin County is probably going to be, even though it's not talked about a lot. It's probably going to be a lot more critical due to the fact that they allowed the workers to take the, the, the, the, the, the, the, that's out of the pre-same. Right. Are the pre-same. Highly illegal. Highly illegal. So let's assume worst case scenario that we lose the one in seminal because they can't prove fraud, basically. Even though you and I both know that there is. But at least for the one in in in in seminal. So let's not lose hope just in case the one in Martin seminal count doesn't go in our, on our favorite. They're still having one. There's three different ones. I mean, Bay County, there's 13,000. There's 10,000 Martin County. And you got another 15,000 seminal county. You got 38,000 total absentee ballots are in question. But let me ask you something. The one in Bay County, did they also bring people into the pre-same, or did they allow to take those ballots out? I don't know. This one is about it says that a letter from a jab bush encouraging Republicans to cast mail and ballots from the company or own home gave orders the impression the prompting was an official state document in the gave illegal advice. Remember the letters you sent out on state letterhead, Jeb? Yes. I have, I like six of them because I'm really a registered Republican that vote Democrat. And remember that I must have received at least six requests for absentee ballots, which I didn't request by the way. Now, were these on Jeb Bush's letterhead? You bet. I'd be like that. Are you bet in the end? I've been registered Republican, and I've never changed it. I mean, I haven't voted Republican, and I don't know, maybe 15, 20 years. But I just never changed it because I figured I'd go vote whoever I want. Yeah, well, let's trial starts Friday. So we got trials every day. Okay, well, I hope that judge Judy read out a business. Well, you have a great day. And you too. Yeah, judge Judy. And of course, we got the 45 other judges now. Not of them can touch Wapner. That's what Raymond said. None of them can even come close to Wapner. Five six, that wouldn't be great. They're going to run on a judges piece. You don't have to call Wapner out of retirement. Yeah, get him up there and judge Edo again. And his debatable wife. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, palm five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Just remember, this is all very important stuff. You bet in mind, you people that are poop pooling all those, that are poop pooling all over the place. That's what I can stop. Yeah, how is the market doing? Not too good. Dows down 132. See this happens every single time. That's why it's a joke. See the way I would like it to go after all these months since March of everything. Like that, especially the next day. Let's have a few days. Have you ever been, you know, good, no. Is that going to happen? Can we keep it up? No. Next day, down 30 and the Dow is down 131. So by four o'clock, we can give back a real good chunk if not all of what we gained yesterday. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today? Great. I'm a Jewish, a particular Republican attorney and you might want to have the Jewish land Uber Alex News to credit for this one. Yeah. Did you read Monday's New York Times, the editorial section? About what? You're talking about Tom Delay yesterday. Yeah, I'm talking about an area. He was an article in the editorial on Monday. He and Judge Ford. They're 24. They want to start pushing a constitutional amendment to allow the Congress by the majority vote to overturn any state or Supreme Court or federal Supreme Court decision. Yeah, I read that. 90 more is my time is it on the earth. Because obviously, it's highly unconstitutional. It will never happen. I know. But these are the kind of people that are coming over to the juxtapter. That's why I may soon be formally Republican. I just saw that in the term I, I'm a Republican side of. Anyway, glad to have you back and good day. Highly on Hitler, 560, 50560, Pont560. How old are you? You know, those of you have got like bad, brositis in your arm. That's a big good because it'll give you arm a lot more exercise, you know, doing it. And also for your legs doing a goose step is good. Goose step and long get that arm up at that kind of 45 degree angle of little tilt. I wouldn't be surprised if we started eating a lot more Argentinian beef pretty soon. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil, as a Democrat from California, we wanted to thank all those screaming, Castro people for screwing this whole country out. I guess they're used to saying living in crap and now we're stuck with that because of a little kid that deserved their go back to Cuba. Yeah. And us, in California, we think it's a big joke that we have to deal with something like that and it's a big joke that these guys, there's Cuban stuff. How about all the other people who didn't know how to vote to visit all of the Cubans? I mean, if you're from California, go back where you came from, okay? We got enough for what he's already want to keep rehashing the Cuban crap. I'm not interested. I'm sick of it. The Cubans all voted Republican, those votes counting. Yeah, that's right. They figured it out. They think, right, how do you know that? How do we know how many of their votes didn't count? When that piece of the video, we might have found that I don't have another ballot and they'd counting like 7,500 of them more for a book because they were all like from the little of anner for and some of the people might even have been alive. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6. Yeah, that was a great thing. I forget one of the talking he had done to this boy. I was Mark Potter. She was going on a great length. I'm CNN. Miss Potter. About how, oh yeah, well, the question is, and it wasn't a question of voter fraud. And it wasn't a question of even dead people voting. And I thought to myself, yeah. So it must not have been in date County. They were talking about the Seminole Amcente ballots. Not even a question of dead people voting. Well, that's a breath of fresh air. That's great. At least we're kind of like spreading it around a little bit. Here's a mobile and dear field. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I got a hockey question for you. Uh huh. Son of a paper, say, Paul Coffee was way by the broom. Good. Bye-bye. He's finished. He's dead meat. Oh, you don't think he could have most dropped the tax illegally not. He's 150 years old. No way. He's been on bias fingernails for two years. We already got ego. We already got ego. Larry on off. We don't need anymore. Let me tell you again. The answer is no. The answer is no. The answer is no. No. No. Do you understand? No. Oh, good. He's finally got it. We don't need anymore old hacks who are finished. We already got a young finish guy. He can't play with a crap either. Right, Oley? Is that right? He's just a yoke. 560505060. I mean, what do you call up our talk show and ask your question? And I give you my answer and then you want to like, yeah, you're not happy with the answer series. Oh, we don't want Paul coffee. No. And hold the careme, okay? Two by the end of the yellow, I'll get my sweet and low. Speak. Okay, where are we going? Here's a mobile home set, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. I mean, I want to ask you the hockey question. The previous taller copy is definitely washed up. I'm a 10-1 fan. I wanted to know what you thought about Yager. What do I think about him? What do I think about him? You think you see a little bit of a winding day? Yeah, of course he's always that way. He's not going to change. He, you know, it's the coach of the year club. He won whoever can get fired this year. He never gets along with a coach. And he wants to get the coach fired. But I'm going to tell you, I watched the entire Penguins out of a game last night. And even though they got out, I'll play badly in the first period. Yager made one move. I'm telling you, he got stopped by Loleen. But he made one move that was phenomenal. He's the excellent player. He's spectacular. He's the pain in the edge. But that's the way it goes, you know. I was just not going to call him. I know he learned all that from Mario. Mario was great for you to learn or to. Well, you can't have everything. You know, if you're going to have great players, you're going to have Primadanas. Okay. Thanks a lot. Have a great day, sir. That's what I tell him here. You know, you want to go out just be a yes man. Go along with everybody. And not going to get it from me. Yes. No. 560560, pound 560. Of course, here we have legitimate claims about management because they're about your assholes and she keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep keep. Nickelen and Diamond is poor bastards to death. And then running around like a bunch of big shots like we didn't know what they're going to do and give me a break. And then how's that stock doing at B'sley stock? Let's take a look. Let me take a puke at that. 8 and 15 16. It's hovering right in there. Just a little bit less than the. Yeah. 8 and 15 16. About half of what these poor suckers got sucked into the bun and that didn't I tell them? Back when I was away and I came back and it had gotten up to 15 plus and they could have gotten their money back. Didn't I tell them even though I know nothing about stocks to that was the time to bail out. Did they bail out? No. No. Because they really believe that this thing was going somewhere. Just like that zero oxca. Anybody want to buy some zero oxca real cheap? No. Wow. God. I can't even imagine what the, you know, something Eric puts it on here every day. So I can tell you. Zero ox, four and five eight. Oh, God. Shit Rex, it's sitting there at 28 down one today. But maybe there's some hope there. What's VZ is that one here? VZ Verizon? No, no. No, you wouldn't have. I didn't talk to the cross that much. Well, why you see got those stocks on there? I don't have no Verizon. Maybe he does. 58 and 11 16. TWCWX. What kind of a symbol is that? 39, 44 and BEQGX. Look at this. He's got some stocks in here that are off the only ones that are up on the three out of bottom must be the ones he's got. Talk to one of them talk on Eric for some guy dim stock advice and said that Bozo Mitchers. Oh, there's a guy. Let me give you some good advice, folks. Stay away. Stay out of the bushes and stay away from Mitchers. Oh, yeah, that echo star. That's going to be a $200 stock. Right. That's going to be $200 stock. My ASCII got the decimal at a long point. The decimal belongs after the two and between the zeros Mitch. Found a 25 today and dropping like a rock. See, again, this is a little bit of a twist. I'm what I said before about being wrong and loud. There's nothing like being wrong and stubborn. And that's Mitchers. Wrong and stubbornly wrong. Hanging on for dear life. Desperately, clinging to these dinosaur pieces of crap to these flashes in the pan. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Am I the ace? Ah! I got news for a bright-ish Mr. Goodscore in this room. Anytime you want it, OK, sir. I'd be glad to give Ministers. 560, 505, 60, palm 560 on the AT&T. On for a. And now all of a sudden we got an islander fan. And well, what a joke that is. This is a team on their good days. They draw like about 3,000 people. And we got an islander fan down here. So how are you, kid? Of course, I realize it's a small market. They only got about 20 million people to draw from. Here's a mobile in the Gables. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm not a mobile, but. Here's a stationary in the Gables. OK. Yeah, I was listening to you yesterday. I agree with what you said with regard to how you feel about both parties. Never try to have every public in. And I think also I agree with you that the last thing we want is the fashion taking over here. And I think a lot of people agree that. The fashion starts dealing the election. OK. And most likely we're going to lose. The Democrats are going to get the shaft. And we're all sitting around accepting it. And I just want to say that. I would wish that people like yourself who have a voice. And power that's heard. You're a voice and opinion is heard. And I think we expected by a white-tons people that. That's the same way, not only. I think that the addition you said would organize an educational effort here. And organization. Yeah, organize effort. But that's that's spirit. By people like yourself and other people who have programs or a lot of other intelligent people be such a self-alternative. Talk station to agree with what you say. You say obviously. What am I saying about one? Like I'm going to change the system. I'm sitting here on a radio. I can't even buy one freaking phone call. And sitting here on his make believe radio. I'm not changing the system. What are you saying? You must really need some help. I said, yeah, you're dreaming. No, I'm not dreaming. I'm saying that this should be. This is not about Florida only. Obviously, Al Gore and leave him in the wrong. The popular vote. That means there are 50 million people that are getting screwed in this election. Okay. Now there's a hundred million people. There's 270 million people getting screwed in the election. That's all the American people because they both suck. Well, how many, how many, how many voted? I'm just saying, out of the 50 million people who voted democratically. No, no, let's not go on about that. What is it that you would like me to do, sir? What can I do for it? I would think that I would hope that would be some kind of effort that everybody can feel to get screwed by this. And effort of what? What would you like me to do? I think only. What does the name say? Al Martina when the godfather. What can I do? What can I do? Well, I said it. And they're slapping an effect. There should be some kind of effort by people like yourself. Can do what? I have talks patients. We're going to ask some kind of a showing. They have a million-man marches and watch it. They're at it here. Crazy person. I remember start calling. You were the George, who's the one. He was the one guy that invested in the LCD here for a lot of money. And this guy I'm going to sitting here doing a talk show on a make-believe radio station. Where they think that ball games are what life is all about. I'm going to organize a million. We can organize a million ant march. Okay. Forget about the uncles. You sure? I, you know, but I'll do respect. I know you're hearts in the right place. But I think you're just a little bit naive. You know what I'm saying here? Just a little bit. Yeah. 27 past noon at 5.60 WQA. You can kiss my ruined. The leading just one man is to give you enough gas to cheat the star. Single banner. Well, anything can talk about cause you're lower in GI to erupt. Like not the serious if the last days of Pompeii, when you use the executive washrooms, do your fellow employees call the county to have a hazmat tink in a toxic waste? If you answered yes to any of these questions, you have IBS. And we want to talk to you. Well, not me personally, but the brave people at the irritable foul syndrome laboratories want to talk to you about balling hearing or an IV study. I suffer from your mental balance and so my spell. You're at a ball. You're at a downright kiss. I mean, I cannot feel it. Call a 1-800-smelly until the operative you want to be part of this study. Wait, it's bad here. It's bad near all right. 12.32 at 5.60 WQA. There's Miguel with his bag in the sack. What kind of is it? Is it a, like, what is it? It was the only one they had. It was more expensive than that. How much was it? I gave him the next to 20 and I got two bucks back or something. It was like 38 bucks. Well, you don't have to pay for it. How much was it, Miguel? I'm not having nobody else buy me a blender. I want to pay for it. Oh, you're like, I said I got two bucks back. I've got two bucks back. Could have bought some sweeten low for that. Oh, 5.670560 power some splendor, which is a lot better for you. Keep bastards in this place. Here's a mobile in, I'm going to run line. Lady in Fort Modern Dale, huh? Yes, I just wanted to say that George W. He picked his hand on election night. And if there any, you know, think why this ain't you, thank you. We're not here. Wait, hang on, hang on to it. Waffle you again. Who just called and told you that? Joe Castello. Oh, Joe Castello told you that. That's something in the car. But nobody inside would tell it how long was it off? I have a, he just discovered it because he's been listening on the phone. He just discovered it. He's been looking for off the ear. What are you trying to do a little radio in there next to you? And I'll play some music. Try my little radio for what if we actually are on the, I'm not going to, it's just, it buzzes and hums in the radio. I've got to tell it really, I stole. Well, wouldn't it give you, don't you think there's somebody to go there with tell off. We're on the ear? Well, we're off the ear. Okay, the lady I put back on hold is just tangled. I'll get back to the, we're off the ear. And there's surely no point having a big conversation with me. Well, why am I talking? What am I doing this for? Well, why not? I'm getting paid for. I'm as well talking anyway. I'm going to the airport. Yeah, okay. F. You. And everybody else too. Off the ear. Yeah. For back. We all back. Okay, sorry about that. We're back. Yes. I'm just, I would just wanted to say that George W. Tiff Tuss-Han on election night. And is there any wonder why the Hanky Pinkie is going on with the, you know, the absentee ball. You mean, as one said, is brother told me one? When he, when they said that Gore had won Florida, he said, oh, don't be so fast to do that, because they haven't counted all the absentee ballets yet. Do you say that? What he said, our election night. Well, he also said his brother told me one, so what he didn't worry about. Well, I'm just saying that is there any wonder why the Hanky Pinkie is going on now with the absentee ball. And I just thought he'd tip his own hands. Right. And election night. Okay, sweetheart. Okay, bye bye. You must stick around to say bye bye. How do you like that? She's pissed off. She's pissed off and fired up. And they're having at them stupid show on there again with the clients with the essential requirement. Shut up, ready? You're a little bit true today. Get it and Roger on there with that burden of a proof. So we got me my blender. That's beautiful. Thanks, Miguel. Where do you have to go for that? The walkroams. You slept all the way over there? Like, wait next door. You're going to put splendor in your blender? Why we have splendor? No. No. It's on it, Ryan. Well, I would, because this stuff tastes like crap without some sweetener in there. Now, when you buy the bottle stuff, the stuff that's already in the shakes and the bottles, the drink, that's already got stuff in there. Soak willow. Which is like splendor. And it's delicious. This stuff, the powder, which is lower in the carbs and fat. You want to should rinse this thing out before we actually use it. How will no. I'm not one of those. I'm not like Howard Hughes. I'm not some kind of a clown. In fact, the most mocha did there. Maybe it'll have some like good germs in there. Yeah, that's what Jane Donovan always says. We're going to start quoting her. We got too many guy named old people called her in his election. I can't stand it. Well, the young people don't vote. Well, many of them got better things to do. Okay? Then participate in some fraudulent election. I'm going to apologize for encouraging people to vote back in this election. I wasn't going to vote in the first place. And you know something I probably would have been doing the right thing. Encourage people to go out there like like they really have a voice and all this fraud is going to only scam artists. This country is as crooked as a goddamn day as long in normal Alaska. That's how crooked it is. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. I've caught some of the tree trial statements, the opening statements this morning. And even though I'm not a legal scholar and sometimes it's hard to understand. I have an illustration that even a child would know how this should work out. Okay. Okay. Maybe Bush will understand it then. Okay. Say a little with a woman. All these people contributed to a fund to give this old lady and they put the money in the bank. A robber comes by Rob's bank. He's a good-hearted robber and he knows this fund is for the widow woman. So he gives her the money. Now then they catch him and he confesses. He makes a big deposition of how he did wrong and he broke the law. Yeah. Do you think the police and the district attorney will let the widow woman keep the money? What do you mean do I think they would let her keep the money for his her money? No. If it was robbed from the bank and the robber took it and gave it to the widow woman. Well, whose money was it? I thought it was her money. The contributors put it into the bank and they- Okay. Have an nice day, sir. I'm getting ahead of you from the list of this guy. Man. Give this guy the same. Get kind of these are right in there with that map. After Georgia's tour looking at it, George W. Give this guy a map. Talk about a convoluted way to get to whatever the hell is point-mout of it, which I'm sure I don't want to hear. What was that blender coming? That's a fancy fancy one. And that looks like about a three gallon job. Now what's that on the sides of that? What do you mean you'll put in there before you brought it in here? Yeah. On a water took him such a short time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Scored Scored Line. Yeah, I got my powder already here. I'm ready to take a powder, baby. If we only hit some goddamn sweet and low or some sugar. I was soo-cra. Low splender. Got nothing in this drawing. Let's say, say, do it yourself for a business this place. Not a way to your stage. I'm surprised that even I have a transmitter. I'm surprised that they didn't make those of us on the air actually chip in and buy your own goddamn transmitter. And quite frankly, this one I don't seem to be working that good anyway. 22 before 1 at 5, 60, W to QM. But Neil Rogers shows you'll support radio. I'm 60. You. Hey. Got his success. So we get the blender out of the box. What? I put my powder in there. We George crunches up a bunch of splended tablets and put them in there. Put my water in the thing. We plug it in a wall. Punch the a blend button and you know what? We'll go into a goddamn thing. What could possibly be wrong with it? Why ain't it working, George? Well, how would a blender not work? How does an electric appliance as simple as a blender not work? I'm fine. I'll be out with you. Oh, can't be the owl. The microwave is plugged into that, isn't it? Yeah. So the microwave is working. I can't be the outlet. We got a dead blender. Oh my god. This is like some kind of a freaking George W Bush conspiracy if you ask me. We got a blender that doesn't work. How is it possible that a blender doesn't work? That I just $20 down the goddamn toilet. That would be like at least a what? Wal-Reen sucks. Except my favorite Wal-Reen's over there in sunrise and plantation. Wal-Reen's blows. No wonder it was the last one sitting around. Probably was a defect and they put it back on the shelf. Doesn't work. Okay. Great boys and girls. Let's just move right along here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Oh, this must be the same jack ball across the other day. Los Angeles. Oh. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. I'm looking on the internet out here in Los Angeles. Uh-huh. There's a rumor that, um, yes. What is this? The photo of Jeff and Harrison, J.B. What is it? There's a photo of Jeff, Paul McAfron. And that's an old story. We all know that. Do you always do it a lot more than Paul McAfron. You're all right. I'll tell you that. I'm going to show. Okay. Thanks. Here's a guy listening in LA. How do you like that? Nobody else has listened down here. There's a crap in this. We go on the gilz friends. All you effort in my money. Going over to Walgreens on the corridor up the street. Get me a blender. We put the crap in there first and plug it in. It's dead. Whoever heard of going and buying like a, like a minor appliance like that in anywhere. And it doesn't work. And we've tried it in 24 different outlets. And even the other stuff is working in there. Does the thing work? No. No. That is a door now. No. It's very demoralizing. It's depressing. It's like it would be like going to the store and buying a guy named two bucks or two picks. And you open it. No. I mean, what could go wrong? And you open it up and there was a bunch of, uh, answer that or something. I mean, what could go wrong with something as simple as a freaking blender? I say that this Walgreens up here on the corridor. I say that the ghost of Christmas pass should hot there. Have a nice day, asshole. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil. But guy was a back row of a deal. Sounds like the DW. He sounded like an asshole to me. This was talking in circles. Yeah. Listen, uh, he sounded like a girl, a Christmas. Yes. Okay. I go to point. Uh-huh. My representative. What are you saying that we got a bozo like Rosanna Dana and this guy's, uh, you know, arguing up in, uh, Leon County in court. Yeah. I think of him every time she mentioned that she could all cast. Yeah. Oh, she just sends me her and that link in the edge of the board and all his corrupt buddies. Yeah. I really got lucky when I got her. Yeah. Well, good luck to you, sir. You'll need it. She on the boat. 560, 50560, 3560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line out of town line is open on a west coast. We're not on the runway right now. No, no, or anywhere else. Although we did get a call from LA. That was pretty exciting. How's that pull coming? I'm a nail. I'll do something else. I'll do something else. Tell me about 10 seconds. After this close selection, the more of you wish you had voted. 200 lineage votes so far, not silly. It's okay. No, I still haven't voted 19, 6 and 1%. Yes, I didn't vote, but wish I had 34, 11.8% so that's 18.3%. So you see what I'm saying? 50% of the people voted 50 didn't know me. They've been voting 18.3% of this crowd who didn't vote. Because the other one don't blame me. I voted 235, 81 and a half percent. And don't give me a solid answer. My audience is more civically involved and both in greater numbers than the general population. Do we believe that? No, no, just that nobody else is listening because they don't give a crap about this. Swill. And after getting that blender, I don't blame them. What kind of a country is it when you can't even go into a goddamn drugstore and buy a blender, plug out of the wall and make your damn make your shake. Make it shake. God. You know what I think about it, maybe in the jail, maybe he comes up to work in there. He was trying to sweeten it up a little bit for me there. You'll be happy to know we have no shortage of blender activation tips from the callers. What do mean activation? All you might have to do this. So I'll check it. I mean, I'll take the thing off and make sure you talk about it. I know. I can't. No, I agree. I think this is a piece of crap anyway. I have a worrying blender at home. Not a real expensive. I'll put just your ordinary regular pedestrian blender. Worked great. And, you know, I want to get real gummy to think. Yes, throw it out in your bio-nil, which I do have a few years. This is a kitchen gourmet. It's a piece of crap. It's a piece of shrimp. Okay. It's swill. And whoever invented, I say send it to Ron Popeye. I'll let him stick it up in the back. Go. Yes. God. Lender tips. You can have that for dinner. Not blender tips. After I tip the blender, more likely in your neighborhood. Here's a mobile and pop at OB. Shallow. Yeah. Good afternoon, Nia. Yes, sir. Listen. I've got a question. It's probably one of the very key Republicans. I think I'm looking at the show calling in this morning. What do you think the solution is to, to this problem with all these votes, you know, being recounted, recounted again and coming up with different numbers every time. I mean, just personally, what do you think is the solution? What do you mean, what do I think is the solution? There is no solution. I've been talking to this in selection, baby. There is no way to know what the real count was. There never will be a way. It's a fraudulent election. Well, that it is interesting. You know, I've heard about it. Is that a debatable point? No. It's not. So fraudulent quick in election. And we'll never know anywhere. We'll ever have any idea. I don't care how many studies they hit on us. So that's all guesswork. And all done with statistics. We'll never really know what the actual vote was supposed to be. I agree. 100%. But I mean, if you look around the country, it other states and districts where they've had the same similar problems. We certainly are looking, you know, terrible. Well, what do you mean, other similar problems? Other than New Mexico, where they're sticking to five electoral votes. And they lost those five hundred groves. So we're sitting in the pile somewhere. But other than that, how many other states are you reading about that had like massive voter problems? I'm not reading any of it. Now, I think there were two that I read a week ago, but even even since then, that's quite a down. You haven't heard much about it. Right. I have heard because Florida's special man Florida's special. Yeah, well, that's what I call Florida or somebody in our community. What is that other day? Uh huh. Another point. I saw representative on TV from my thinking to die bold or geobold company, the guys that make the, uh, the things of the summer 11, you know, where you call your money out of. Eight teams, yeah. Yeah, they can't machines and they're proposing now that they're going to go to the, or that they're trying to sell these machines, you know, for counting votes. Right. But if they have such a hard time pushing a little pin through piece of paper, what, what, what, what, let me say this. Let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me, let me say this to you. If people are too stupid to be able to go vote, if you give them a code and you give them the card, I don't think there are too many people like you. I say people 100 years old at ATMs getting money out of their bank. If there are too stupid to vote, you know, something that's the wrong problem, but at least let's get the count white. Well, I agree there, 100% and like you say, it's not even a debatable issue anymore. I mean, you know, there is no way to tell. And, uh, I personally would just regardless of Democrat, uh, Republican, I would like to see this thing over and down and, uh, let's go on. Let's get out with something important. Yes. Okay. And God bless America. Okay. So if you figure out what it is, let's go down with something important, like getting a blender that works. Can you believe that? It's like a message. It's a message from the upper barbers and down below, I think. And we can't even get a freaking blender in this joint. This is just, it's like, it's like you've eaten the barnacles and the bottom of the ship. Whatever grow on the barnacles, whatever the scum is on the barnacles, that's this place. Is this something about this whole establishment here? It's cursed. It cursed your life. It's cursed and it's the first. But I'll take the money. Thank you. 560-50560, pound-560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Does it have a plastic jar or a glass jar that's blended out? Plastic. Oh, throw in the garbage. It's a piece of junk. You know what I'm concerned about? I'm concerned that maybe those are the capital catch fire and I'll blame the Democrats for it. Hello. I like that little party and we're like, exhale. Like that. I was expecting you here the death rattle. You know the sound I'm talking about? Like that. 560-50560, pound-560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Out of time on, let me say it again. They're only going to be a select few people going to be allowed to vote from now on. And not picking them. And this guy wasn't one of them and either of them or most of the people we talked to today. You want to write dumb people get elected in this country because dumb people are the ones voting for them. That's why. You want to write dumb people get nominated for the... ...to run for these offends because dumb people are voting in the primaries. That's why. Dumb, dumb, dumb. And I'll say it again. Take a look at the map at who one which states. And you decide who won the dumbing down of a murder contest. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Is she on old path in the beach? Yeah. I got a question. Is there a scenario more or less? Was it... Let's say the burning bush gets elected. Yeah. No duration day. Yeah. Okay. This SOB is for a stand on the podium and releases hand to God. Yeah. So right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pond 5, 60 on it. What did I say to want to talk to A-Moroll? God damn people. I'm not talking to any more old people. I don't care if they're all old. I'll talk to myself. I'll stick my thing in my blender there for the rest of the show. I'm not talking to these old parts. That's all we got left in there. I'm not about adding to that legislature too, but I got one rainbow. We haven't declined my software again. Getting sucked at all a solution, crap. Living in God. Oh God, I'm gonna start having nightmares about a single event. And Lynn Russell. Oh yeah, I told you about that. 560, 750, 50, 50, 50, 50. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One, I had a dream this morning. I woke up, I was dreaming about eating a restaurant in Rome, but the attractory at downstairs in Rome. Yeah. And we went in there and it was like, none of the people that usually work in there were in there. And I was getting a friend like, where's all the people? Where's all the piezons? You? And then I woke up. And I looked around and I said, oh, Schmidt, look where I am. Here's for a lot of deal, hello. Yes, how are you, Dino? OK. Why was I telling you? Very important. It didn't belong to Rome, you think? You think it belonged to Rome, you think? You think it belonged to Rome, you think? You know, not supposed to be on prior, I was saying. You're supposed to be on prior, I said. Now why would I want to do you a favor like that? Why would I because I've had this problem for five years? 560, 750, 560, POMP, 560 on the 1810. See what I'm saying? Stop putting old people. As soon as you hear the voice of an old person on the phone in there, get rid of them, hang up on them immediately. I am not talking to any more old people. Don't you understand? Don't you get it? Why? What are you saying? He's still on the line. What do you mean he's still on line? Just hang up on him. I don't know. I was going to call back and get the number of fun and vehicles. And he's still on their talking. Talking, how can you be talking? Hang up on himself. Oh, why are you fine? Wait, I don't want to run. I don't want a hearing. Don't you understand? I don't want to talk to everything old people. God damn it. Jesus Christ. We started at about 110 and I'm talking to people at the Denver 20 years. 430560, WPOM, my heavy portloader, a measly broadcast campaign. WPOM.com for the work. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. This is the year that I'm going to get smart. Yeah. The holiday friends, he has already started. Think you're ever from the sea, my face is so crowd. Push it down the shoves and don't think so town. Not on your line. It's on the sea of no store. That's when I computerced here for. Don't delay the F where you shop for lying. Not on your line. Will that budgetage never? And why don't have to hit a hole there for? I can click the south and hit the sign. Oh, that's on your knife. 150, 150, 150, 250. I've got some spectacular, great news. The blender works. George diddle around with it and the blender too. And it's got a thing. You have to press your thing. Which I guess we should have known that. Because if you don't depress your thing, it isn't going to get working. Only have to stand on it. And then you'll get depressed. And it's like a little button on it. And I got a call and said, sure, in the garbage. We're going to throw you away. I said, the garbage. Okay, you will fart. You expert. All these yentres out there. They just don't forgive it. I was no advice. Okay, we got the thing working. I got my shakes in right here and I feel a lot better. And life goes on. And it is a cheap piece of crap. What do you want for 18 bucks? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, and a good distance. Which, who the hell lots of buy a good one and bring it in here. Because it'll get stolen overnight anyway. So you have to be out of your mind. Unless it's like a bracket down like the TV and the VCR that's connected to it. And a satellite, uh, this there. You have to like lock it down. Or it's going to disappear because we got about to thieves around here. And everybody in there, brother and his buildings got to keep this room. I should point that out. Unlike the lives that they told us when we're going to move in here. Nice going. All I can say is, uh, good luck. This instant. Yeah. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, yeah. Yes, I am. Did you know that that just ship, uh, was your name? Just clock up in Feminocounty. Nicky Clark. Yes, she was just turned down by, uh. Yeah, we know that. That's old no sir. That's ancient. And the Republicans are scared, crapless, ever. Which is why they asked for a jury trial. Which they thought would take it out of our hands and also delay more. And she said no. Yes, and they are crying that she should refuse herself. Yeah. Well, I want to answer this. How come Katherine Harris didn't refuse herself as a secretary of state. It was chairman of the guy named Bush for, uh, dog catcher can't thank him any. Exactly. Wait. So now, but pay back is a bitch, right pal? Right. She's going to stick it to him. All right. Stick it to him, Nicky. I'm going to go. You go girl. I think she's going to. I think she's weird. She's going to stick it way in there. Correct. And they're going to like it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five, 60. I feel so much better now that I have my thing here. I think thing. Now I'm just wondering, you know, because chocolate is supposed to be bad for this, um, good. But if you get chocolate flavor like for example, some of those shakes in the bottle I get our chocolate and that doesn't affect it. I guess it's just chocolate candy is bad. And they get the cocoa. Get you. Yeah. If it's some fake chocolate that isn't made from cocoa, I don't know. That's just what I think. Didn't you like the robust sound of that bell spoon? Yeah. That's true. Yeah. Most of it. And I feel like tremendously better just in a couple of days. And this old fart that called before with this premise that I hope somebody, um, sticks their foot up his hand. Get out of here. You're out of here. Here's Pompano. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. You, you know, George Bush, Jr. And apology because you're, yeah. Yeah. You owe the human race in apology, sir. Okay. Go take some, uh, Tylenol and call us tomorrow. Let's not have it came out. 560, 560, Pomp560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Live. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, hey, don't. I'm doing okay. The audience needs to be serious. Metal help, but I'm doing nothing. I knew about that. Well, you know, I'll tell you, uh, think, God, you got to die at that work. So I'm going to go on a with you. I've picked a fat old person, put me on that app. Can die. I gained 15 pounds. Yeah. As we watch River and Jesse Jackson hold a rally in Talah. And I'm not watching it. Oh, good. You've missed not missing much. I'm watching the Dow's sink like a rock, like an anchor. I still try to figure out what Jesse Jackson does for a living. He's a perfect. Don't you understand what Jesse Jackson's job is? Oh, I don't. He's a professional, uh, Schmidt Disturber. Ha ha ha. He is. That's what he does. Oh, you don't provide a tour. Yeah. Well, you know, they heckled him right off the soap box when he went up the West Palm. Yeah. You know, I think he's running out of free tickets. He never met a cause that he couldn't exploit. Ha ha ha ha ha. I try. Well, listen, I'm glad to see that you're calling. There are no sort of repair things. I've got a he know how to help. I can help, blender over here. Okay, he'll be right over. Ha ha ha. Okay, good luck, Jesse. He's having a good time. At least there's a guy that's under the age of 100 and having a good time and not taking this also got them like life and death. It's not life and death, okay. Somebody shrill hysterical people for Christ. He says, life is going to go on. Well, you ought to be worried about his. They have a stock market. That's what we ought to be worried about. Shouldn't we? Even you with your crappy little stocks. Let's get, you got that one stock. What is it like minus two cents now or something? There it's getting there. And the smart ass to call me before about ship rich. I hate to break news to you. It was like, how was over 30 there? One day, it's how we're in it. It's taken in there 28. All these people are experts. And all, well, it's a crappy company which you may be right about that. But the fact is that it's, in fact, even what we bought it's 22 and a half bucks. Remember why I triple that? I could show that right now. Make a nasty little profit on $1,100. I'm going to do that. No, no, I'm holding on, baby. It feels like zero ox. I could sell my zero ox. My 1000 shares of zero ox and never bought five bucks. But I don't think anybody who's that. Robert, not creeper. Robert, a salesperson Robert from power. Oh, from power. I'm surprised even though that we're in here. Five six, seven, five, six, the pound five, six. Don't let me start at about $496. Okay, and about that kid's groovy. So who called you the other day? I forgot to ask you offering me back seat points tickets. Remember what you're doing? Well, what do you, grabber? Oh, I don't want to sit outside the arena. Cause you know the kind of accommodations would he get, doctor? Yeah. Yeah, you know. They probably have me out in the arena. They're getting, they're getting, they're trying. No, and I can't get back seat ticket boy tickets for anybody else, I'm sorry, but. Yeah. No. Don't put out the glow. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Thank you for your time. Great. It's a great thing. No man, I'll be coming. Oh, oh, no. Oh, my god. Never be on. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. That is for today. I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm gonna be a little bit more I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you I'm a little bit tired of you Okay, I was in the car that happened to have a listening to you Listen to all Nick Carter, because more times in his white clothes than you will ever have And he's not a pineapple that you super fat faggot Well, I may be but I'll tell you one thing that Jason just didn't timbre like his real Timberlake is a real Timberlake is after what if I'm 60 WQAM Oh, you know the kid that called from Israel? Because it just came into my mind Remember I couldn't remember what we used to call him on IND Used to be a quite a call a year's ago memory call, I was like, fruitcake That was his nickname, fruitcake, because I was about to say Justin Timberlake is a real Yeah, fruitcake Oh The Neil Roger show sports radio, 560 You write about him Josh Friedman is the biggest answer I've said bring it in here And he wanted it up, it was a pig report as a cop cop post set up a radar trap on 1993 And I said bring it in here, like I was looking at him and I said, just don't stick up the joy So he ran out, so I was probably just as well Take me for it on 199, I was very rude, they're doing it, so go slow Anyway, we got big nose, George, we signed the fact of blender works, Florida Supreme Court An Ultimate at 130, can you handle a pressure or what, huh? Yeah, 15 minutes or mile baby And an ultimate from the Florida Supreme's That was down 192, well that market is just, just can't get two good days in a row back to back No matter what that green sponge is, huh? And then as they're down 17, it's a good thing to bed We just can't keep them all month and I'm going, just can't keep it up Which shows you how bogus it is in the first place Here's Miami, hello Yes sir Last week you played a song called the Naval Passage Yeah, you played again nasal passages How is that? My quicker one man, I got my thumb on it And the blender too And you're something that you'll do for somebody more Every time I have you got your eyes closed I can't remember how much peace nor peace All that's okay, but it's just great No, inside you know, love me, count three, eight Very little hearts together And that's why George, always good For tea, have to taste the touch Just you He wanted tea to be jealous of the day by He was born into money, but he's so kind and dumb Without me with you, I'll let the money go Life at the party is always safe Let's get the children to the school of friends And the baby comes to jail That's the reason we thought it was easy Have some baby's up on the jail I brought my ticket and the holding money That's the time Oh my god, this is just as much as much content as I have for Mayor Pingu Piccania This thing I just got The active reputation in Dave County over the presidential election Poised to begin to still leave it on the contest As yet to be decided What's burning in here? By the way, George fixed a fax machine And he's on his birthday as fiction crap And pretty soon probably going to take one Black community leaders are pointing fingers into a Facial they say might have crossed Democrats' election The Reverend Victor Curry He's an asshole Oh brother Just like I said before about Jesse Jackson What is Victor Curry? He's an Arjo Provacitor Yeah President of the Miami-Dade NAACP The blame is Mayor Pingu Piccania for his Tapit support of Gore and for not urging the county's Candacing Board to complete a Henry County The Bell is also for false county supervisor Relections they would leave he Provoking to stop the count Would that in mind? Curry said county voters should consider hitting the Polls again to be car penniless And make the supervisor of elections Vote and elected position He said black leaders will call for such action To bring in the WACP rally on Monday That the organization is called to address Boding irregularities Well guess what? No As much as I despise Mayor Pingu Piccania As much as a little soft A grandizing weasel as he is Soft serving piece of turtazies I will not participate What a joke In fact at the NAACP would spend more time Educating its voters out there And how to punch the right names on a ballot We wouldn't be sitting here in the middle of the right now When we judge all we would not Bishop Curry The Pockong McHeddle White The Pockong McHeddle White The Pockong McHeddle White Oh yeah this is the purge of the end Old news Old news Old news I mean got if I had a if I had a hundred dollars for every page It's come over that facts in the last four or five weeks With the same stuff Over and over again Ponderous Freakin Ponderous By the way do you see Edcons and jail I mean Edcone Edcone's that Edpone Really? Twenty years in jail in the Russia for treason Not the Edpone you're thinking about I want to get Hank nervous Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen And otherwise the world was funny Okay let's go to a mobile and sunrise hello There you go Okay Yeah I want to talk a little bit about your bird Why don't you dive into that Two days ago We can have Okay because I was diagnosed with it as well Just about a month or two ago And you know there's an operation that you can have I'm not having no operation I don't even have an operation I'm not doing any symptoms right now Well there's actually one that's not a vase of And unfortunately the insurance company is going to prove it I'm with that in the right now Yeah And they turned me down twice Where you know you have an endoscopy You had one of those right? Yes And what's the same type of procedures They go in and then just go up They put a little stitch around the Synthor To close that up I don't want to close up my strength I know which one you're talking about Yeah I've tried now twice And I have very bad symptoms And my insurance company will mark Approved and I'm going now Our next step is to go and publish with it And try to get somebody to step in Your politician or someone in the news Because they will approve to go in Rappers' copy Where you get cut up your anopyl five days For the most recovery They will approve that tomorrow Right And they won't approve an operation We'll be in an opin and an opin As an opin two hours Well how much does it cost? The cost is just about the same as the laptop Accession left Because you're not in the opin for five days Yeah For recovery And how much is that? From what I've done Estimates to somewhere about $20,000 You're an opin Laptopically The other way it's just like a $5,000 procedure Yeah And you're going to have to take medication either And they just want to approve that Okay, well good luck you sir I wish you all the best And maybe you're robbing a bank or something like that I'm not that I want to sound out in sympathetic But I'm certainly not saying that guy any money But I wish you all the best And that's America for you That's the medical fraud that we have That dominate America Strictly fraud Like most of the other institution we have in this country For our joint Collop That's why all those shows 2020 And date line And it's 15 different versions of 15 minutes That's why they're all on And so popular Because if we didn't have all those corrupt and stuff To uncover, they wouldn't have anything that's Talk about Because that's the American F&WA Maybe Here's a call in the redland Hello I just turned on news the other day Something about the right wing in Germany Is trying to show them they have a little more Compassionate side So they're running on platform of family values I just thought that was kind of interesting You know, with the right wing here running on What are they going to do? You're very family if we land shade now I don't know Yeah And I just I'm actually a course supporter I mean as far as you know I wanted him in there And it's to do with an environmental person And you know Well, you sure let you down Didn't they? You sure let you down by running your crappy campaign And picking the worst possible running way to the left Absolutely Yes And you know, you know, push in all those guys Push has like a zero boating record for the environment Volunteerly compliance Those are the two words that should make you shutter And run to the toilet Volunteerly compliance And they're trying to make you know Environmental people all seem like radicals And things like you want to have some clean air And some clean water Why don't you get in carry the way man You better watch it They'll ship you off the Houston Thanks Good luck to us sir I'm bless you There's a guy First guy today We heard from him He made any sense I shouldn't say that we might have a couple of good calls Today Oh, we did not get a couple But you see I've played the back street Boys knows how it worked and chased away all of us With the police Auditware people Hey, you better say I can't stand you I can spend your coge Am I here for the radio? God Man with all due respect There must be some nice old people out there Not too many Well I sure hope that you got home Like I said Yeah, it was a monster That can go make another big splash The mom's house No, not gonna be too many big splashes When you run into a little bit Although you know something When I eat that first meal of the motor How's that probably wet in the middle of the Oh, if you lost it I'll be back in a minute To the dinner table Yeah Well, you know how that is When you're not eating solid food for a few days And then you have that first salad meal Oh man, I'll have a set of your flying in that room Yeah, I'm taking me on a cassette record And they're making a plate on the ear I'm gonna get one for your mom for Hanika Yeah, that record The cassette record for the toilet With a nice few unmeters to this Yeah, it's got a paper that you pull You pull it on it 560, 50560 On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line There's nothing going on For all you people that are all worried And all whipped up to a frenzy about the latest chapter And the trial about the Seminal County Ballets And the Martin County Ballets And the guy named Bay County Yeah, they're in the guy named Tingle and on right now At least it's not on CNN And it's busy running commercials Oh, I'm speaking of that Hey, listen, we know what's inside It's buttered on, we're running commercials here We don't have time to potsky around With who's winning a fricking presidential election And the future of the human race Who's got their finger on a guy named button We can't worry about things like that We got commercials to get in here And that damn NASDAQ Look at all those demonstrators out there I don't know exactly who these remarks are Directed at Complaints have to do with several incidents of alleged Voter disenfranchisement Especially in Miami-Dade County Were African American say they were denied Yeah, well somebody teach him out of vote 25 What are you laughing about? It's the truth Teach people if you're going to go out there And recruit people to vote Show more to stick it already Okay Christ Almighty, they sure know where to stick something else So I'll tell you that Yeah, we produce like rabbits Teach him how to stick the damn stylists in there That's what you're supposed to do When you send one of those people to the god damn voting place You know what they're supposed to do? It breaks the lotion in the basket What are stylists in the a whore or something? Man All these people protesting and carrying on Yeah, you have nobody to blame but yourself If you're stupid you're stupid I'm losing my patience with all these people Okay, so some of it was complicated Some of it was confusing but Give me a break already If you're that goddamn stupid that you can't go and press the ballot If you can't punch the whole truth And you know something if you can't punch it all away Tell somebody about it there if it's that important Tell them I can't stick it in there It's just not going through I can't stick it in there And you know what they're going to tell you? Yeah, but at least you'll have tried What are you expecting for the meeting ages death? What do you expect on here? Okay, how about I've been sent for years We need more living and breathing people here And then we would be having these problems right now Okay, 130 or 550 WKM Any second now we're going to get this big moment As an answer from the Florida Supreme Court and you know what? And I like this I bet it will If that doesn't do it something Peter Leonard brings in We'll probably do it. He usually does So what do you got there? That stuff is garbage. Okay, don't hand me that I've got that at home. That's crap. It is direct I've got it. It's not brand new Maybe that's brand new. This stuff is old. I'll take it though. It's crap. No, I'm not going to sit here in And chill and the fact is that this other stuff and of course I'm sure that he's not going to be carrying this stuff because of the fact It's a conflict. Is that correct? Are they getting this stuff in or not? No. So what did I tell you? This is the way these actin figures work. If you don't get the actin stuff Then you can't if you have that then you can't carry the competitive stuff And that a joke don't be like willing to public And they carry Coca Cola. If you don't like Coke while I'm not going to carry Pepsi because we're carrying Coke. No Coke Pepsi. Yeah, and I like Pepsi better. How do you like that? But at any rate, thanks for whatever that crap is over there. Peter Lennon just brought me a bunch of crap. You know, they're showing the weather on here. Didn't they just get to tell us I better go to MSNBC because I don't trust these bastards for a minute. I don't trust them for a second. What is MSNBC? What numbers it on here? I don't know what it is on the cable. Huh? Oh, here it is. They were denied on both of those cases. So that's how I got kicked up here to Atlanta And how now Jordan is involved in the Florida vote count. Do you want to just set how now Brown County? More issues again about this hand counted ballots. Now in court yesterday Attorney's for the Bush campaign and for Republican voters in Florida So I have any kind of vote total which included hand counted ballots Anywhere in Florida to be tossed out. But basis of their complaint is this. They said that because not all ballots are being Hand counted, not all ballots are being given this kind of care and protection. It was a violation of the 14th Amendment to the Constitution which guarantees equal Protection under the law. Now attorneys for the Democratic Party of Florida Counter-Saying listen, this is not something new in Florida. This is happened before and Republicans had been aware of this before. They started a number of different Regions. The response is going to disappear real quick because he just I don't want to do a description. They're doing spot. They're doing spot again on CNN. Didn't they just tell us a few minutes ago? I made sure I got the commercial break out of the way. Come back here at 130. I said we got a big announcement coming That's like a shot right and I'm waiting here. 133 already. How about if we were like them? We started a show 107, 1015. Whatever we felt like it. Let's end it now. These people are nothing about yeah, we're going to even now. About punctuality. That's the problem. And he's supposed to be the guy named experts. The, wow, it's officers of the court and the, yeah, right. To you guys. Get with it. And there's still the one spots. So what was that crap that Peter Leonard just brought in? See, you sent out a child that he will manage job and he brings you back to wrong stuff. Not that I want to start on Grail, but is it the right stuff? No. I'm telling you, the Atkins powder is like, not even the same league. I'm just being honest with it. It's not in the same league. Let me give you an example. I'm waiting for this thing. I'll have to over 15,000 absents. Yeah, we know Lou, don't give us a runa. Let's see how about fat in the powder. Atkins total fat acrams. The carb, carb, both solutions. Two and a half grams. Here in that. Cobra hydrate. Well, I will say that. That can only got one gram and the other one's got three. Maybe the Atkins are because, okay, if you make a shake with it, because he doesn't tell you, oh, yeah, use a shake or cup. Yeah, for best to serve hot, makes it, we'll say I'll take it home and do some studies on it. I'll have 30 or 40 cups of that. I'll make it. I'm sure that. Oh, it's sitting there. I might as well use the geek content. It says, please no more calls from dead people, Bill and Fort Lauderdale. I'm with you at Bill right on target, baby. Nobody's got them old far. Some sick of it. They're taking a show back 20 years to guide them, and doubly just news again. Those days are history. Just like George wants us to put Barbara Boxer back on your refinement. It's because his girlfriend Randy's doing it. Just relax, will you? And what's wrong with the young Ron? Did you say to the bird? I'm sorry. Just like not. I feel like you're so off the other side. Yeah. But it's the time between Randy and young Ron. There is no time. No time at all. It's just it's just it's just too dead. It's just humor. I know it intentionally so. Here we go. We got some hot shots and suits. They're going up the steps there in the estate capital and telehassy. There's a law in the government's the other day when he decided Monday to deny Gordon. A brief file for Gore appeal to the Florida Supreme Court. Well, wait a minute. What is one thing? There's so many different things going on here. That's not what we're waiting for. That's that was the do it noon already. That's not what we're talking about. Let's get the goddamn announcement on the air already. You borrow those you. Get it on. And the problem is the one or nobody can keep track of this. They've got all these different things in like all going on at the same time. And they can't separate one from there. They can't separate them in from the going. Anyway, are now physically here at the Florida Supreme Court. Earlier this morning, the record. All I know is it says on your Florida Supreme Court statement expected soon. So we won't let you down. Okay. We won't let you down. We'll even, we'll even love and I commercials if we have to. One week? Oh, I'm sorry. Well, it sounded good. It sounded really good. It sounded like we really care about importance though. Besides a bunch of stupid ball games. And they're just, they're just stalling for time. They're doing the same thing up there that I'm doing here. They're just killing, killing time. Stalling and waiting. Waiting for the good stuff to get going. Talking, hey, geez. I thought that, that, that, that, that, that, that, that. And now it's 136. 136. And we're supposed to pay attention to these freaking seven justices on the Florida Supreme Court. Like they're Schmidt, don't stink, huh? They can't do anything on time. Trial on several. And here we got Chris Dodd and what's this other Republican, what's it? I don't know what Chris McConnell or something like that is named Mitch McConnell. From Kentucky. Mitch McConnell. Yeah, there you go. With hand. He can do it though. Hey, you fight through my court. Mitch McConnell and Chris Dodd. I'm going to get, and they're hammering nails. I have no idea what this silly crap is. Silly. Yeah, that's what it's all about. America is the bunch of silly crap. They're out there hammering nails into what piece of, they're going to get silly. Yeah, they're pounding it. And the nail, too. And these two, this Lou Waters, man. It's got, let's see if it looks like he belongs in the petrified forest. Or what? I used to like him about 40 years ago when he was like 45 years old. Normally, a month after the presidential election. Yeah, see now they put on a puppies. They're just a long time now. They're not fooling anybody. They put on a puppies to take that break. I don't dare do that because with my luck as soon as I take the break, the Supreme Court thing will come on. We'll stop it. Yeah, hell you will. Stop it restart it. What the hell? Well, let me do the live spot anyway. Make Peter Leonard happy. Since he brought me all that stuff that I wanted so bad. Not. The Neil Rogers Show. Sports radio. 560. You. Hey. Okay, 19 till 2. Just to show that another hard ass. I'm sitting here trying all the way. Not the very, very. It says on the. You can. You're very cool. The Atkins. Shake. Strawberry. Supreme Court. And don't worry. They're not doing anything yet. We're still in full play. And so I open a sub. And I figure I'll give it a try and squad. Let's see. 9 grams of fat. Two of saturated. And what is the other stuff? I think it's. Yeah, nine and a half. And a couple of high grade four grams in the strawberry. So I'm breaking out of the can. And. It's okay. Is it as good as the other stuff? The car solutions. No, not even the same category. It's not in the same league. See, one thing if you if you believe in a Atkins doesn't mean you have to use only Atkins products. I say that with all the respect. A lot of people like their stuff. That's fine. Because I'm looking at the ingredients. And I'm seeing. A tremendous similarity. It's it's okay. It's good. Not as good as the stuff in the bottle. The car solutions. Not even close. Not nearly as good. I'm just being honest with you. But okay. I continue in line. I won't show for anybody. There's not enough money. If there was, I would. But the car solutions is worth that. So thanks, Peter. And it's, you know, we put it in the good place. Three. We're still waiting. They're doing prom always. They're doing commercials. I don't know how much vlog I can wait for this guy. Let's play more. Happy New Year! Music sounds. God. God. And they're different. And they're different. Yeah. They're different. They're different. Yeah. They're different. Oh God. I am Wright Rooney. I am DaileKo present that they saw. But I love how much I love what he really touched me every day. And I am like Him. Look at dresses. Oh, I love you. Okay, that's all. That's all the rest of that. I mean, it's a long song and I'm not bad for all I could, but there's still another story. See, they're doing the same thing on CNN that we're doing here and that is they're running all the commercials to get them in, they make sure that they don't, you know, they don't blow the Supreme Court thing. Figured out, it's been a one thirty from the Florida Supreme Court. They were saying before to begin it. Oh, is it past one thirty last time I checked about 14 minutes past? And there's still one of the coaches, this credit run like 85 spots now. It's like the worst team to run nothing but commercials now. Okay, let's take a quick look at our pool. So like I said, this stuff is okay. The act can shake. Not in the same category. Now, it's tomorrow. Now that those are going to refrigerate and they're getting cool because it's deserve very cool. So cool that your teeth chatter. We got those little cups. We could do a taste test live on the air. I don't know why to do that. I don't need to do that. Believe me, I know how good the other ones are. The other ones are sensational. And I'll even take the Potter home and I'll try making some shakes with those and I find my sweet and low that's been sitting around here from the Hell and Dale days. Get a little gaming now, it's okay. It's got sunny rosembers, autograph on each packet. Oh, yeah. And you could almost smell that was in with Ron, and the was his name in Tindola. Yeah, in the outhouse. And they're still, and this has got to be the 15 spot in the while they're running on. See it in because I guess they're here we go. Let's just know this is an even it. Trial on seminal county absentee ballots are resumed soon and they're back at that courtroom again. But the judge ain't even there. They're they're more desperate than I am. I mean, at least here we can, you know, play a couple of bits. Maybe take a color too, but I don't dare do that. Maybe play some more music. I can't. Oh, yeah, that's the key. Eight one to me. And you know, I'm gonna. I can't. I can't come any special diet now. Let's say one sauce. Every time I ask you to buy it. What's it? What? Look hard. Look hard. Look hard, high key. Is it hard? I see it. I see it. As in high. You said you should. But I'm pretty. This you hear when follows. Cross the old part. It's not for now. I'm sorry. I got a headache from those people. Okay, baguets, we'd art. Next down 17 to Dallas taking a precipitous crap today because we down 18. We certainly don't want to have two good days in road do we? Oh, no, we don't want to overdo it. Get on green span like all pumped up like in like he accomplished something. Here's what they don't overdo it. I may float away here. You know, between all the I did have the one shaking. I put water in the thing with what was left of the powder. And now I got this can here. Man. I got powder up the back. Right now. Turn around with 67 votes on our poll so far. Our question today after this close election do more of you wish you would vote it. And we give you three choices. No, I still wouldn't vote. 23 or 6.2%. Yes, I didn't vote, but I sure wish I had 42, 11.4%. And don't blame me. I voted 302, 82.2%. Clean that you voted. Of course, a lot of those with the old people. Now the old people don't have computers. Hugo Chavez, when do you like New Zealand? Another one of these CNN self serving 20 year moments now. It is now 17 minutes after we're supposed to get this moment. It's an announcement from the Florida Supreme Court. I think you know what I think they're just lying. I think they're just making these things up so that people with the Neil Send Leaders on their TVs will leave it tuned in there just so that the clock keeps running and make their numbers go up. I don't think there's going to be any goddamn announcement if you ask me. Here's a mobile and four miles. Hello. Mobile and four miles. Go on. Okay, didn't hang on. And why should they? Miami Beach, hello. Hey, how are you doing? Okay. Two points. First point. George Bush gets in the White House. Now back in 1971 supposedly Larry Flint says he had a legal abortion. Yeah. Correct. He didn't have one but he said it up. Okay. He had one. Well, if it was 71 or 97, rovers is way didn't come around. So 73, yes, we know that too. That's very old news, right? But would not make him a fellow. Yes. Yeah. It would make him a fellow and that is correct. Well, I say throw his ass in jail. Okay. Great. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5 and the rest of them too. 5, 6, 7, 0. And look at this. They're doing more commercials now. You see, you think that I was screwing around. They're not fooling anybody. They have run since the bottom of the hour. 82 minutes to commercial. That's only in 19 minutes. They're running them on fans. Remember what they used to do the thing with the radio? We heard about this being up the things that was real fun. You can never do this. Yeah, get more spots in that way. Which group company was that? Was that career channel I was doing that? That was one of them. The bigger the network. Yeah. What are the big companies that the FTC handed over all of radio and the TV in America to? They were speeding up the spots so they could actually squeeze in more minutes of spots per hour, squeezing the radio program to make the actual content shorter so they could get more ads on. And of course, that's what they used to do in the old days when used to speed up the record. 45 RPM, I could do it for 48 because they thought it made it sound better. And look more time for spots through I guess. Who the hell knows? Because that's our worry about here in the broadcasting media. We're just about spots. We're not here as this only at the dial is really slide now. That one 63. What is that all about? Can you explain that to me? What's the rationale for? Isn't this like one day after yesterday was all you fork and green span made a great announcement and it looked like Bush was going to win. And now all of a sudden it's like, oh, I want to exchange the mind. Which proves like I've said before. I don't care how much money you've been lucky enough to make it in some of you. And that's why you would the only reason you would disagree with me because if you want to be honest, you know, it's a crack shoot. It's pseudo intellectualized Las Vegas. The quote me. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Hey, John. Well, here's another important piece. Ali, I'm Gonzalez turned seven years old. Are you excited about that? I'm voting in from voting in the mid-rooffers for 2004. Yeah. Hey, listen. Just reminded of the words, now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of the party meal. Yeah. You know what I mean? No, I have no idea. What does that mean? It means that you can't allow a new dynasty, a new government that just weasel its way out in there and you just, you know, everyone's flick back to, you know, if I know it's going on poking hand. You know, now is the time for all alone wolf to come out of the closet. Well, what does that mean? I mean, what is all this verbiage that's coming from your lips? What does it mean? It's time to take individual action, Neil. Such as one. Such as anything that you have at your disposal. In my disposal, there ain't nothing in my disposal. I keep my kitchen nice and clean. Okay, my house is, you can, you need to out the floor. In your case, five sitting the dowels down 180. It's taken as something must have happened. Somebody must have come up with a bad earnings report or something. And I don't dare. I destined there to not see NBC. And look at us. She's given the weather again now. This is the 14th. That's all they're doing is run a commercials on there. And it's more than a thousand. It's more than a thousand. It's more than a thousand. It's more than a thousand. It's more than a thousand. It's more than a thousand. And guess what? The weather is the same as the ones ten minutes ago. Because they're Schmidt and Green purple and yellow, which is, you think that's a colors on a map. They're Schmidt and those colors because they can't get this Florida Supreme Court thing on the year. And what do we do now? See, now we're back up again again. Another break. Did you want to say David? Huh? Oh, what is this all of a sudden with two days in row with Mr. Sulu and Lexi and we realize the CNBC? What's happening? You're upset that people are taking a little money off the table. Now it's down 200. Take a little money off the table. What does that mean? Well, talk about a cliche, a trait cliche. I thought you'd like that. Yeah. That was garbage. That was almost as bad as Sulu and Lexi-Lies Las Vegas. Yes, that they made it. And I said, yes, that they made a short covering rally. Yeah. Oh, there's another good one. Yeah. I got a hole. I got something short they can cover. Neil, but listen to you since you came on the air, a quetching, the angst is just pouring out of the speakers. Yeah. Relax. Everything will be okay. I am relaxed. What do you mean the market you're talking about? Yeah. The Dow is down 200 freaking points and the next day is down 40. And when I gave you my list of stocks the other day when you called and you gave me that like both eyebrows in the down position and it comes to find out that every one of them did good yesterday. Right. And I'm not the least bit worried about any of my things those are for you. You see what you have to do when great companies are on sale, which is the way I look at it. Even if they still go a little bit further down, the fact is in the long run. If you're not, see if you're a player, if you're just playing and you're like Las Vegas kind of crap, just a crapshoot, then of course you have to worry about that day today. But if you're investing for like a few years, I'm not worried about those companies. Exactly. And then answer to I. No, and now you've just summarized exactly what the wise investment bar property is. Yeah. You're in it for the long haul. Right. And companies that you believe in and you hold on to them. Well, I can ask you, I mean you buy it 120 and watch you go to 10. Well, we think I don't have that. That wasn't exactly what I was. Oh. Yeah. But, and by the way, as far as these commercials, I mean you know you have commercial inventory that are logging for it. Are they trying to be kidding when they can't. Hey, and on the answer this, now it's down to 17 and again, she's still given the weather. She's been given a weather here for seven minutes because of the fact they're terrified they're going to miss this thing. And now they're doing a ski report. What just happened, and I miss something because I'm sure that even though you're on vacation, you must have your thumb on it. What happened that all of a sudden the Dow is taking this gigantic slide? I honestly have no idea. I mean, I think, you know, there was somebody told me that, you know, every time Al Gore appeared on TV, this is not me speaking. Now this is several of a guess. Every time Al Gore appeared on TV, the market would drop. And at any time there appears any kind of resolution for this election, the market moves higher. Well, now you get what? How many three different cases going on? Right. So, you know, the investigation continues. Well, you know, something that's a tremendous case of investing your money. I mean, the fact that it's hanging on such wonderful tenures things like that, that every time Al Gore's picture gets on a screen, that people are recalling their brokerings selling like we just had a guy to fire in their pants. That's a real tremendous, I don't know, that's the sense of the buy man. But that's a misconception because it's the institutions moving the market around. You don't have people individual investors. And isn't that what I've always said, George, individuals, we have no power. It's all manipulated. It's like a fixed horse race. The fixes in you're right. That's not what I said. That's the second day in the world. We got some honesty from Ted David. Now he's pretending he didn't say it. That's not what I know. Okay. Okay. I'll come before you. Just like the other day. I said it. Okay. You feel better now? You're missing the import here. The average individual investor is not a better. It's a based on mutual fund reductions and other evidence that there is. The average investor is not selling. And in fact, for the last couple of times at the market got in the trouble, oddly enough, the individual investor was the one who was buying the tips that it was the institution to were selling. Right. Well, so it's not Mr. and Mrs. Palm Beach or Miami-Days. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. They're not the ones who were selling. It's going down a percentage basis. What's 220? Let's face it. The guy said you bring on their 99% of them don't know their ass from my elbow. You know that. Well, they're blowing smoke. They're smoke floors. They're couchs. They're couchs. Well, I'm sure you've seen those shows on Sunday morning where they have all these Touts for the ball games and they got my friend Ron Bash, and all these other guys. How do you call this toll free number? I give you 20 winners. It's the same thing. Okay. It's like buying the tips sheets. No, no seriously. It's like, you know what I'm talking about. The market letters, the news letters. I bought a couple of those. You can answer them. You can answer them. I'm sure. I'm sure. 11 from the guy who's the guy on PBS that just had his 80-50 anniversary. The little guys are he had a news letter. I'm going to say every stock that he promoted went on the craft. I mean, he was like I had a perfect record. I mean, trust me what I said. So, you name it. Everything that he touched went on the craft. Well, I think you will find that Greenspan's comments. Yesterday helped provide a save. What happened between yesterday today? Should the indecision continue? yesterday was a little bit yesterday was a bit more for you yesterday was probably you for you yeah, the green span indicating was a said would be accommodated and Today is still having the indecision continuing. Okay, let's be far let you go. You want by from zerox cheap See it said is it below four yeah? Bye bye bye bye