430560. WGC-LAM by M4LiderBail Presents. The Neal Rogers Show. We're talking to Neal called 560560 toll free-reddated railroad or pound-by-six-the-on-your-self-all. Whoop! The opinions of Neal is guest, callers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WGC-LAM. We believe that positions for the record. The record has been now Neal Rogers on 4305602AF. This is the Neal Rogers Show. There's this is your brain. Any questions? No. We got both. 3... Power. A rapist. They wouldn't have been a champion with a trimmel with a body. And they prefer half DRA things on their shoulders in the red. They prefer half a DRA a DRA in the green. They prefer half DRA появly as a player. The actual round again is 20 vous. The weights are not 68. The gold sugar evenmilitary. I'm going to fail to defeat Neal Rogers. and calculus.亞cki goes to Grey city as the inspire my plunge but I gotta go toıyoracagd in a oglingon out of guilt. I never started cancer without faculty in my Russian youth. Popiiphre. Hiiih. Hiiih. You know what I have turned to now it is. I've built some crack to go fly-a-tude. Backstage, the rabbit some with buck on the intersection working for free food. Backstage, the rabbit, the laughing trees and other purple house with no windows. And they're not in our Malaysia, she must have a red hole. Oh, oh, yeah, please go to Crest City and I go to film our Cret. I'll be going to Cret City, you can count on that. I'll be going to Cret City and pass my rap. I'll be going to Cret City, pass our beef bag and yeah, two, three, five, and yeah, both of these guitar, they don't have any sounds. Can we just do pre-locate some? No, no, no, no. It's 10.03 at 5.60 to WQM happy Tuesday, too. And maybe George can explain to us in 50,000 words of how come we had a tape on yesterday. And he wasn't able to do the show yesterday, which he was supposed to do since I was out yesterday's DeLombed location. Because they wallpapered this place over the weekend. Don't we're working to show it? No, no, no. Yeah, so it looks pretty burning the oven. Maver, whatever they had the beige out there in the hallway. We see that's great. I like to show what's the best when you come inside there by the toilet. See one thing, one good thing about the outer hallway here at QA is that the toilets are like in a toilet. You know what I'm saying? Like whether you're inside the rest of your rooms are outside, it's still a toilet. But anyway, so the AC went out over the weekend also. So the rooms were filled with hot VAC went out here and without all the condolences. Pretty unusual. Everything in the studios was torn apart and broken down and piled up in big piles in the middle of it. And it wasn't until four o'clock yesterday afternoon. Once we could get in here and actually be in here. Yeah. The AC people came in to me. AC back on. It wasn't until four o'clock that the studios actually resemble the studio. You mean here in both rooms, yeah. In our two rooms. Art of the how about in the other place over there? The spot was apparently they did those over the weekend during other people's shows. They actually wallpapered while they were on the air. And what a concept. How's them to gag and pew. Great. Excellent. Maybe that's why a lot of people are going to be on chick. Maybe you can name me a word that rhymes with crack beside black. I mean like back. I'm back. Snack. That's a snack or bitch up. Yeah. Snack that bitch. See, that's the only thing that really bugs me over there and Amsterdam is the. Those shpartures. I mean, what what is it? Can I go any place where there's just like a bunch of nice white people? You know, does that make me a big it? Oh, well, I'm a big it. Just call me John Rocker Jr. We got some exciting stuff going on here. Maybe we got a temporary not the brand new. Let's not get too carried away. We got a temporary new phone system and it really better work. And here already from Highland Beach. Here's our first. This is exciting. It's only taking us almost three years now to get rid of that other piece of crap. Remember I used to keep picking up that thing and slamming it and slamming it and banging it. This isn't the real brand to exclusive great phone system. This is the interim system. Here's our first call from Highland Beach. Hello. Have a very good. Yeah. Okay. Well, I was pretty good. Welcome back, Neil. Yeah, pretty nice game last night. Oh, yeah, big deal. He scored a goal. He's he's got his great, but the team pretty weak. Pretty weak. Are we going to talk about hockey here? No, I sure is. That was it. That was our experiment here on the guy named phone after I'm gone for ten days with our new phone system. Let's get these things lit up here. What's wrong with? Jimmy and Danny. Yeah, I get in my car to your port yesterday in Miami International. I get out of the parking thing with no problem at all. I get out of the real quick and I punch up the radio and here's the nice book by the way. Hopper. I had a hopper better when you go to the book there. That was one of the best things in all those Cecil Collins fan must have had the diaries. But at any rate. And the first thing that I hear it's a quarter to six last night. And the first call that I hear talking to Hank and by the way, Hank said it like he was eating a side of beef or something. I'm going to hear last night. Which some of us can eat on the ear and do a little discreetly. Well, he's living like, well, what was that all about? Don't celebrate that good book to early, Hopper. Don't eat your chickens before they lay one. But at any rate, so the guy is going on about, oh, well, I'm from New England. But I've been done here for 20 years and I've watched them. Where, you know, every game, but I beat by the book. And he's going on, oh, and I thought that guy was going to break into tears. He says, don't you think he deserves a ring? Don't you think he deserves a ring? Maybe, maybe he doesn't know is he might look how to eat. I don't think he would. I was going to say that. That word. He might have a ring in his, I might be kind of interesting. I'll pass on that though. And maybe he grandma could like unzip his line. Look in there and see if he got any bigger. Oh, my God. Now, what's just happening online for? Because I don't want to start getting nervous online for right off the bed here in our brand new Phon system. I want to make sure that this down to his nice and clear and it's put a start feeding back. We're making any fucky sounds on the area in Omsen. How does this sound he is. That sounds, well, but you go there and he's going to sound like the needle. Maybe it's just because it's like feeding back into Omsen or maybe because it's still I'm the same computer that I told to be for hadn't been changed. Do they change the computer at all? No. Now, maybe that's just the byproduct. I Did leave it on. Let's just try that one more time online for it. This is just a little experiences. Oh, I just busted it up there. So can't maybe because it's feeding back into Omsen or This is this line side acceptable like it's thick. Oh, I get to both it. Oh, I think it's the computer that I mentioned before That this company is too f and cheap. I didn't have any funky sounds on it. It's up for line eight coming on spontaneously all day long every day Last week you mean on the old one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, but you know that that just gets comes and goes into by product of a whenever feels like it Here's Tamaracker first call the day on our new phones system. Hello. No. Yes, sir. Hey glad to hear you back here Ryan all right ready or not. That was a good great. Hey the quiet period over. Let's get it. Oh, no, it's not No, it's not 25 more days sweetheart. Can we talk about that thing? Oh, am I buying anything? Oh, I invite everybody speaking Which I can't talk about that but talk about stocks Whoo I'm not gonna mention the guys you remember the guy in Atlanta that went nuts Day of the day trader that went nuts in the wind and there's starts shooting everybody I can relate to it I may just do the same thing before this day is out. I got a guy I don't want to mention his name on a year I left him a message at midnight on his office voice mayor last night midnight Psychotic epaplctic this man on paper on paper and I'm not the January cost me $46,000 Okay There are people who blow each other away for a hell of a lot less than that $46 But everybody is an investment counselor everybody's a financial advisor everybody's a big shot everybody's an expert This man doesn't know his breakfast my ass, okay? Nice going there Wayne you idiot I'll be talking to you today sweetheart 9 minutes after 10 at 5.50 W to Q on this no portion of this broad guess may be reproduced without the express written permission of W Q a m Beacley reads acquisition course It's day at 5.00 WQ Wake your hands up the走 Change them home I try to put your hands the genitals Josem chicken to the. all the bale All the to see thank you as Oh, the giant is green of shy. Oh, the giant is green of shy. 14 at 5.60 WC, I mean, what do you do to a son of a bitch that comes to you? I didn't, did I approach them over there? That's, I don't want to mention the bank. Oh, no. That comes to you with a son of dance. And anybody can put a bunch of numbers on a piece of paper. You know what I'm saying? I'm going to say give me $50. And I'll make a whole schedule up for you. Like, in six months, it'll be $10 million. Here's to say, that looks pretty good. Anybody can do that. Any, any, any, any, any jackass can do that. What do you do with a piece of crap? Like you said in Godfather 3. What do we do with a piece of crap that's running around Pound St. F. Michael Correio? What do we do with a piece of crap like that? I say, yeah, shoot him in the leg at the very least. At the very least. So if there's anybody up there that's gotten some real bad advice from an, a financial counselor from a self-proclaimed especially somebody that like, you know, came and hustled you. You get a hold of all your money so we can, you know, make his nice commission every month. I say, shoot him in the leg. Yeah, teach him a good lesson. I can good fellows. You know, the guy didn't bring his dress. Shoot him in the leg. Fast enough. Shoot him in the infant leg. That's what Joe Peshie said. So the fall book is finally out there ratings book. It's only the 15th of February. And a fall book is up. A little bit of problem up there about Phil Maryland. A little bit of a problem with some very suspect numbers here. We really took a dive here. Now morning they did, they went up. Hank went way up there. He went zooming up all season. Collin's his buddy. All the jailboards got the diaries. But that was funny. I inevitably, like what he was saying about that about how he was just going in there to take a sniff. And that what he said to sniff it out when it doubts sniff it out. And but the important part is men. We still got our men, baby. Number one and men that's all we care about because that's what our bonus is based on here. And that's all we care about the rest of it is we don't care. Scroll. Men 2554. That's where it's at. We're number one by and that's not even close. How do you like that? So even though that we had this disaster book to rest of the time. And guess every the Marbetron's got a new deal now. Every rating book. They have another Phantom radio station that allegedly is killing the audience. Especially in men. Last book. What was it? It was smigma. This go music. Does anybody believe that? Great men are listening to this go music. That even a soul. Fags want to hear very much anymore. No. Don't want to hear that. That now all of a sudden that's like in less than in one book. It's already come back on earth. What's the station this time? And maybe somebody in the audience can explain to me what this I know. It's Spanish language. W. X. DJ. Is that the rest of the way? Sistation. Because once upon a time they swapped. A year ago. One of those marginal FMs. I was at love 94. I don't know what it was. In fact, I get that. W. M. J. X. W. X. DJ. Magic. But anyway W. X. DJ is number one in men. 25. 54 in the afternoon with a 6.7 year. They went up 2.8 in. In. In. Explicably. Yeah. And I don't even know what they'll play to. They play. Spek music is that one. Nobody would even George Donnell. After grandma puts it back in your pants. Then let's ask her what what what what what what what it would be all about. Now see that these are the same bar variance. Not just come back. That's to kind of a word. They're the same bar variance that are down there with a wooden teeth and the yellow teeth. Stand in a line of form of the house when it's expedient and convenient. And then go away when everybody says okay go away. It's embarrassing. We're going to put up a fence. The same trash. So why should it come as any. These are the same people. I guess which you told the stories yourself years ago. Take the toilet paper and stick it in the goddamn when they're finished with it. Stick it in the box. You know, for next time. Yeah, for safekeeping. For rainy day. Maybe that's why their favorite song in the little Havana is. Titi, Titi Bang Bang. Maybe that's why they like that so much. Yeah. Because they're Betty Betty. Titi. So it comes with some great surprise that the grandmother's in there. And you know, on the day that I left the provocation at the airport. I picked up the New York Post, which I never read the New York Post. I must have been second again. And sure enough, here's an article by some Cuban writer in the New York Post. All about the, the fact that this wasn't so shocking. It was taken out of context. And this is commonplace among certain scumbag people in Cuba. To dittle around with their little kids and bite their tongue and the zip up their tongue. And I'm going to just ask you this because I've tried that trip before and it worked like a charm. Yeah. Not so much to biting on the tongue thing, but on zip in the fly. Let me see if that thing grew since the last time since two months ago. He looked at gruesome. Yeah, gruesome. Boy, look pretty gruesome to me. Especially that for most of the year on there. But at any rate. I thought it was from Cuba. It's just not that surprising. He says it was taken out of the context. It's not that unusual. Yeah, because they're scum. They're trash. This isn't some classy glamourist family. These aren't some really an educated, spilled people. These are scumbags. These are the trash in the universe. Everybody was getting so emotional and whipped up about here until Danny decided he was going to whatever he did. That's the best. Oh, you remember standing, he's got to get a ring. I can just see him hobbling around on crutches 90 years old. He still don't have his ring. And they're still calling this radio station crying and carrying on like this guy with Hank yesterday. I thought that guy was going to have a breakdown right there on the air. How about a bathtub ring? I'll ring a ring around the collar. How does that sound Danny? This guy's been making millions and millions and millions. He is sending our ticket at best. He was great once upon a time. He doesn't have it anymore. He's finito. He's finished. He's done. You understand. Can you relate to that? He's done. So when we get back to the book. The best part of the whole deal. Life's gone. Our Peter Bolzer. You know, nobody in the world is perfect. Except him. He's the perfect. He's an asshole. The perfect asshole. Yes. Everything he does without exception with everything he touches turns to a F***. I mean pure instant process. Chemet. People. He's the Schmidt head of radio. Now let me give you an example. Not that there's anything to write home about. There's no story over there because what they do they keep moving stuff off on station and they move it to another station. And it finally catches up on a few months later. They like Dr. Laura that the bitch and the band are the best. They moved him from I and Z to I O D. Guess what? Now they got to say numbers and I O D. They had an I and Z. How about that? And I and Z if they got a number is no. They got numbers all right. Rick and Suds men 25 54 in the morning a 1. Oh. Those still Henry tapes and Jim Role that was supposed to give us such great competition in the midday from 10 to 3. They got a 29 in men 25 54 a 0.9 and midday. and then he has to know why didn't you hear this? Hahahahaha They got a 1.2! How? How? That was the only day part that went up in men. In anything. How? How? I just got a pet end as she on a year. No. No. She's having her back broken or something like that. What is she having done? I knew wooden legs. A new peg legs in her back dome or something. I don't know. We can't figure it out. But anyway, she's having her body rebuilt which I can easily understand. And they got his little wild vigil on there who's saying penis like every two minutes. And that's going to get an audience. And here was the only number that they had. And she's off the air! Nice corner, baby! And going to get canflips, he comes back! Oh! Oh! That's absolutely mind blowing. That anybody could be as perfect as Pete Bulger. He ought to be working here. Clearly, because everything he touches turns to pure, smelly, big oozing excrement. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yeah, sir. Sorry, I just coughed. I read the funniest thing yesterday in the favor. Raid Lewis had a quote. He feels bad for the family of the two victims of the stabbing and wants to call them to give him his sympathies. Uh-huh. Does that make sense? Did you read the quote about how God and the devil and all the other crap? The devil keeps picking these times to do this stuff then. The test, I mean, he's testing him. Oh, that's just sick. And one other thing, I read an article in Us magazine about the name Big Popo-Cermphamilion. Yeah. I read them. I never knew anything about the background of the best. Is he gay? How do I know? I know that the article is gay. Yeah, gay. Like, how do I know? Is he a home-all? Is he a faggot? I don't know. I don't hear that. The article is guthrane. By saying what? Well, you know the hit that he was a pedophile in mass extinction, the one lyingilling single man he lost and before canceled he said why does not look right on the phone wall. Well, six, seven, eight, five, six, and six. line. 877-785-6345 on a world famous out of time. I don't know what you're all written the face about. I mean, what is that prove? The guy is like a middle-aged guy has never been married. I'm a middle-aged guy like a little bit of the old man is George says the old man. I heard that today we've driven the airport and by the way, I didn't hear those intellectual colors that I always hear that you supposedly get. I heard a bunch of moron. Yeah. Oh, wasn't one that said that. God, what a bunch of idiots. Oh, Neil Lock, where's the old man? He's on vacation. Oh, he loved 94 here. I come. See, this is South Florida. Not just the fact that, okay, I'm on vacation, which I take a lot of vacations and believe me, I need him when I work here and I deserve him. But nevertheless, when you like that or not, it's the fact. So, you call, I asked who ever is running the board, which I'm sure was Joe in this case. He's Neil, I'm not sure, and when he's coming back. He'll be back on Tuesday, February 15th. Okay, great. No, this guy waits on hold to give you the stuff. This is the South Florida way. The guy waits on a, oh, love 94 here. I come. In other words, George is on, meaning I'm going to be turning it off right now until the old man gets back. And by the way, not only did I play the bloodhound gang, yes, I gave you credit every time I played it, by the way. And then it's the same album. There's only one album. People calling up singers like three or four or five. I don't think so. It's the Obubi's album. Yeah, and the cut is the, what the hell's the name of the cut? Oh, come on. It's like a gigantic hit. It's the unclean, the, well, whatever it is. How about how about, I feel 65 and blue? Who played that before anybody in America? Not just in this market. Months and months before anybody and move your body, which is their new hit, and lots of other stuff. That isn't just a bunch of Fag music. That's all the video, by the way, for the bloodhound gang. What is it? There's something thing. What is it called? You know, I'm getting started on that thing, and I don't even care about what that thing is unless it grew in last couple of months. WXDJ, we're going to get any calls about that. No, I know what that is. Oh, some Spanish language, some verse of stay away. I'm sure it's just a music station. The evil touch that's what it's called, George. There is a bad touch, bad touch. Evil touch, touch this. Is it the bad touch? Yeah, that's it. There's only the one album. I'm almost positive of that. And these guys are from Philadelphia, by the way. You've ever seen in the bloodhound gang, have you ever seen the video in the look at the little piece? Oh, they're looking suits. Oh, they actually are showing the video here. No, on the bucks. Oh, I think I'm going to be showing it video anytime soon. The zebra's in the drafts, something. Are they going to be showing out here? No, not in this country. 26 after 10 it. So let me ask you to put mayonnaise on your fries when you were an Amsterdam or what? Come on. Tell us about what it was like. Did it rain there a little bit? Did it rain some? Uh-huh. It was great. Was sensational. Except for those sparsons with their crack problem. And now the new deal is they follow you like a half a block. They don't want to take no for an answer. Crack, crack, man. No, not in prison. Why not? Why not? What does that mean? Why not? What kind of a question is that? Why not? Like an Alfred E. Newman question. Like Dayton Allen. Anybody remember Dayton Allen? Oh, Dr. Brandos. 27 after 10 at 5. 60 W to Q. How young is he young? Are you not a fan of pretty spears? Said do we have a collection of music for you? It's hate hell artists who aren't pretty spears. Yes, rock harder than ever with all those bands who never were. Art now and never will be this Gaddily clad lipstick in Barry Lake, O'Copsyva featuring over 200 cuts from your favorite artists who are not Britney Spears. Like 100 share-all-cro. Seeing that Henry R.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.O.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.N.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A. Driving was only had was not now, it was a hatch-and-attractable-heart expert, the entire train!A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A. the back street board yours free when you order a K-tail order to our Britney Spears today. Operator standing by, none of whom are name for King Spears. So what was that guy trying to say about the big pop at anyway, you know, she's from Louisiana. Britney Spears, did you know that she's from Louisiana though? What does that mean? That means she just dropped a couple of notches. 5605 in the net. This is 5605, 660, pound 560 on the 18th. Let's find out about WXDJ. See, this is the story of my life. Doing this show. I come in. There's one thing I look at these ratings. I see this mysterious station comes out of nowhere that nobody ever heard of before. It's number one in men in the afternoon. Number one, a number to not too bad in the rest of the either. bogus numbers there that all of a sudden they got all these wired diaries can one person this audience tell us what they play on WXDJ. What this is? Can one person do that? No. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Okay. Thank you. Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, how you doing? Okay. I'm really miss you. She's looking at the guy for like four years. Uh-huh. Um, seem like about four minutes to me. Got me. Have you been following anything with the Republican primaries? Have I been following anything with the Republican primaries? No, that's an interesting question. It's especially for you, Fraser. What does that mean? Have you been watching YouTube or you're sure everybody had a candidate? Well, I was in, do I want? Are you familiar with any of the candidates? Am I familiar with any of them? Let's see. There's a one guy named Bush, right? Well, the audience is a guy named McCain who's a right wing, uh, fully pretending to be something that he's not. Yeah. I don't have to like the game. I just want to know. Well, I don't. I don't. He's even more right wing than Bush. I disagree. I don't care whether you disagree or not. His voting record is, uh, is right wing as you can get. Well, I'll say he's right wing. Is, is, is the more on Allen keys that black it is? Yeah. Do you have you listen to him? But why are we talking about this? What, what is the point? The point is this we have, there's really only one to candidate. Not Sean M. McCain. He's the best you got from the Republican party. Sure is. You're a Republican. I'm an independent. Yeah, but you're going to vote Republicans for obvious because otherwise you wouldn't be talking about. I can't stand going. I can't stand. I'll get you going to be voting for the Republican candidate. Yeah, this, this, this, this, well, my condolences to you. They don't have a better choice. Sorry. Five six that don't blame me. I got nothing to do with that. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line. McCain is the biggest voice. Fony is a $80 bill. When it comes to abortion, but it comes to anything. I was reading an article in the Atlanta paper in the right wing and boy, you talk about bad newspapers. I was near port there yesterday. The Atlanta urinal constitution cocks newspapers by the way, oh my god, they make you die for the Harold and son sent. Let's talk bad. They are local papers like like pot, pepper, yoke, a modem. God, almighty. But it listed all his voting record guy. He beat me all walks around all he wants to bring government back to the people he's this, but I mean, he's a full of crap. Is what he is. Another right wing of the windshields clothing. And I've got that reform party. That's what this guy had to be talking about. They're having fist fights out there. They're rolled up their sleeves. They're not do do do do do anymore. They're rolled up their sleeves and beat the crap out of each other. That's why we like it. Sign up the Panthers could use them on defense. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Can't even get one cost. Yeah, I'm concerned about this line here this foreign thing again. It sounds like not really sure. What about seven two seven? We're going to have a problem with seven. Because if we have any problems with this instrument here, which is our interim phone, it's going to be pretty disconcerting to me. I can tell you that right off the bed. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. You touched upon the Panthers man. Stuff flat. I wouldn't know. Real superstar from the rectum. Yeah. So what's the plan to keep repeating? They don't care. They have no interest in it. I mean, no, and they don't care. I mean, not here. I heard my tenants from the San Jose game last winter. They were so bad. You could add your own section in there is what I heard. I'm telling you. I mean, I was. I have a lot of respect for them. But right now, we have the MVP of the first starting to play in downharnane. Floor in this anybody. Yes, remember you. No. They did in the eight and awful. They settled like that. Van carbuns beans or Dave Hyder. I ran them on an Arrin redden or the artist that. They were made here. Are they kidding me or what? Are they them man and Ellis. They help can. Alternate healthcare. Finifer sanders today like this morning. They're right. I mean, it's just ridiculous how much. It's not a floor to clean up. What the boy keeper B, they don't care it's not a hockey place. It's not a sports place. it's a dandy and jimmy place and guess what they're both gone so does that leave anything in the world of sport no no not a sports place that this is the tragic here today this is unbelievable five six seven five sixty how can you test a phone out when you don't have any phone colors on air are we on the air is another guy damn Bob the mood dry run today that must be it oh yeah i got plenty to say about him that asshole over there in four mires you're not pulling anybody you and your beasley boys okay you jackass that we had a set up here for like a year with phone crafted wouldn't work and maybe still doesn't because you're a bunch of cheap prex you're not full on me i'll tell you that five six seven oh five can't we have how about a line check how about a test how about something an indication somebody is alive out there in listening to this radio show now otherwise i can go back to answer them in each french fries with mayonnaise for another couple of weeks i got my check with all the why care wx dj very simple question and you're the one that's always telling me all these spicks listening to this is a show which i don't do even i know they don't that's a bogus book they they don't xd j's also in meringue a nobody will go on the errands why not because you know they're cowardly cowardly spicks isn't that redundant although the ones that turn tail and ran right are those who want to talk about yeah let's all that toilet paper behind in those big bug cartons oh my god this is this is unbelievable error-free single time i come in here and i mixed with great expectations why am i some kind of an idiot i'm kind of a more on with all timers what am i expecting from this crowd they got no material very simple question double ux dj here's the ratings this is the business that we're in you're obviously listening on a radio or a pop-up post-rius so radio is part of your life what does this station play what does it do what is it what changes did they make that all of a sudden i think given away a lot of money please tell us something anything what you do it no thank you and the best part of the deal is ten days away from here did i have one little twitch from my ibs for my no for my intestinal for my kishki problem no not an ii all kinds of junk i didn't use that much but i you know stuff that was neck rate even eight McDonald's a couple of times over there that's right did i have even the slightest little intestinal fart no great ball movements you have been very proud they were beautiful copious and beautiful yeah and then i come back here i find out who put the BS in my ibs right here in this place and i'm not so sure if it's so much on the inside maybe it's on the outside maybe a combination of both this reluctant crowd that just absolutely refuses adamantly refuses to play the game okay i got a lot of that tag music you know twenty before eleven and five sixty qm only one south florida radio station has a hammer and your list of things over weekday afternoon to two sports radio five sixty q a f a lunso you're so big how many times has this happened to you i am six worship me you double super hard not another evening of listening to records backwards ruined my satanic messages now protect yourself by insisting on quality recordings only from backside records the records made to be played backwards yes that hits a bat happening sixties i'm gonna have no seven days had a point with eighties cheater that's a kishki who was it called a couple of that one right of course i should have known don't let those irritating glass of mismasticists spoil your listening anything worth hearing is worth hearing backwards on backside records all right 1045 at five fifty wcrim heckle be here in a studio to a clock in your police studios over there with a hit some real equipment and a phone that works most of the time blue shabby will be here six to ten did i keep an up to good stuff and then any k10 here's a fact that says please give us the numbers for magic one or two points seven to play the same fifty oldies all the time well i hate to break the news to you sir or man or whatever you might be but they had a good book men twenty five fifty four which basically actually they're going to be even in the look at any more nobody cares about the women doing all like your eluice that they're only for making babies did you read that yeah the wife was talking about that yeah that there are no funny female community and i'm not listening to you what's the crazy about it now she has thought that i'm just the for making babies they're just masturbation receptacles for men they can all be kind of geniuses like his right god any wonder why that is kid didn't speak for five years and nothing to be at nom so anyway two nine to a three three in the morning a magic two four to a three five midday two two to a three nine in the afternoon so magic one oh two points seven what oh same fifty multi oldies doing it baby especially i think i wear that sony fox well sir so that's what put him back on top again i got with his ass oh did you know that bobbake has left did you know that no i did now he's going to fill it off you to try to save the be the uh country station up there that's dying on the vinyl on with all the other be the stations well i shouldn't have said that well i has nothing to do with that thing that we can't talk about yet for another twenty five days does it well the fact that they're losing their ass and he had to go up there and try to patch it back together again with some scotch tape and glue in the hillbilly stuff so won't see his bad hair piece no more bobbake but anyway and here's the fact that from some amount of clown in sweet water for a sweet water construction randle take a look at that jolt rose first thing see i hate to break the news to your circle you're setting a first of all at a time when they're already off the year the number one and number two are facts machine are they ever going to see this or they're going to get it oh no a fact that jolt rose paragraph after paragraph after paragraph as if this is important stuff about the dolphin this and the dolphin that and he was a fan and she'll do this and jimmy did that regarding then reno's future i believe the dance still has something left i believe no one knows dance limitations abilities as well as he himself does and yada dee parabu parabu but about but you know something randles get a fricking life okay you silly person you get a life he's done he's finished stick a fork in him okay right in his rectum is all done oh he uh he turned down the last two years whatever the hell they call that on his contract hoping that they would resign and save money out of the salary cap and about a beat by the book but above and kangaroo juniors want to make twelve and a half million dollars a year in Cincinnati and all this other insanity all this craziness and people think this is important stuff two more dead kids in colabian high by the way you saw this i know this is going to come as a great shot to you but i was over there in europe for ten days did i see anybody get shot no did i see anybody with a gun beside the cops no did i hear about anybody getting shot no did i see anybody here any gunshots going off no warrants bird mazarie a woman and four of her children were found shot to death at their home on the two of the uh women's other children an infant and three year old real also were shot the two girls were expected to survive a man was taken into custody monday at the scene of the shooting but police would not release his name nor the relationship to the victims victims were identified as teen wood thirty one zero and ten jasha were eight seven Emily seven and the hana five the students occur in a rural heavily wooded area of a dirt road in warrants bird about fifty miles south east of Kansas City grief hits colabian here is this guy over there it's we water construction that takes the time out of his busy life the fact you're rose a seventy five hundred paragraph uh heart felt thing about the dolphin and then marina what about your crap about your schmet two students found shot to death a nearby sandwich shop by the high school you call a lion high zid now ready have enough which i was even aware by the way February first of body of an eleven year old boy was found in a trash bin near the school did you know that yeah they're killing kids in this country like stepping on cockroaches and what's this guy worried about what is then he gonna get a ring is then he got something left he's only got about forty five million dollars back the way see this this is a country of crazy people and like the swiss have proven there's nothing wrong with guns himself if responsible people are the ones who have them and put them away and make sure they stay away and don't uh don't use them for fun and games and leave them away and around these are not responsible people in this country just take a look at the way they drive those automobiles out there they're not responsible people and they're killing each other like flies and this guy's worried about Danny this and Danny that about a bit about a book but a similar tag grant okay set again get my car yesterday at the airport right out of the box first day back after ten days and you have a watch and see an international on what's going on and uh read my uh U.S. say today so i have a pretty good idea generally speaking of what's going on but what's the first thing i hear he's Danny gonna get a ring this guy so up so i'm serious i thought he was in a blowers brains out right there in the air probably would gotten the hands numbers up to a seven yeah come on hey you can do it but it was get somebody's colors these distraught Danny people wrote their brains out right on a year get a 15-year easy five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-line here's a mobile and lots of hatchy hello hello welcome back to your video then Ben Fony oh I'm way out in the middle yeah you know i'll call me back on a phone that works okay sir five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-wireless line out of town line eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five this is real pain here's Miami hello they do a nail okay i know you're probably in the flight but the funny stuff on TVF that he was the body here in Furry Lewis everybody in their mother come and have seen you fit to one the child never did anything never stole the thing so what is that prove what does that mean who cares who cares what they said no it's just funny seeing this people out there well I'm glad you had a good time watching okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-line here's Miami hello Miami hello yes any how you doing man okay I was out of town myself I wanted to get out of here like I usually do twice a year I was in kind of that and come back here to what you always say the fruit of this freaking earth like to the same class think I haven't been talking about Elion okay but I also heard I got yesterday on the on the home for show the guy about marino the office that on marino nothing he made a hello here a hell of a career he made a lot of money with the office of the home class he's what it's doing has got left over his money no sir why is anybody talking about this why is this important it's freaking crazy man who cares who cares about marino anymore get a life people and you know something when he was still playing all they want to do is call up in the trash and we talk about how he was a dottering old man and they were losing because of him and now that he's probably going to be retiring hopefully he's got any brains in his head now it's the old geezer screwing him in the sticking to my kick him out the back door what is wrong with these people in this town you know what it is when I was I you know what I when I was a different kind of for example you know I was thinking about this and you you you're preaching and you said over and over people down here 99% of the people don't have a life they don't travel they don't go around the world they don't go any other place I'll do my amin they don't have nothing else in the brains except for the class that happens here in date counting see ya five six seven oh five six you this is just like the day that I before I left on vacation what goes around comes around it's like they have who all over again just exactly the same they have no material they must have given you all a good material while I was gone oh no no you just you were telling me before that the one was right but it wasn't gangbusters well what does that mean this isn't gangbusters this is this is this is depthifying this is unbelievable I asked a question about a guy damn radio station WSDJ which I'm still waiting to hear an answer about how come they got these big numbers of what's going on with them can I get one person to call in on a show and then and speak for like no call is what it's all about no forgetting about all the other stuff just sitting that aside forgetting about did it really grow in those two months or not see that's something a little bit curious about not not very curious but how much was it going to grow in two months but don't don't give me I'm going to be very embarrassed they're a little bit longer than that I'm going to be real upset here's a mobile and cross-brings hello mobile and cross-brings hello Neil yes sir how are you I have something very important to discuss uh suit what are favorite topics well I went to the Chinese buffet last night I I didn't have a plan I I got full I rushed what is your strategy at the buffet please in other words you want me to tell you how to eat yeah how do you attack the place what is your how do I not how do you know what is your strategy what what areas do you concentrate on the I can't do what areas on my foot in your rectum that's primarily my number one strategy okay sir once you get your boyfriend's fist out of there let's make room for my foot and uh rectum yes how do you attack it so you use the rifle and then the bayonet when you get close five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen people I said you want me I sure we're sure we're sure you get those intellectual colors like George does God dammit maybe even at love 94 guy I'll call me today the guy to pretend that he was listening to love 94 but just coincidentally kept the finding is where the phone is going to be what's been more phone accidents huh what did I miss on guiding light while I was going to have any women on a phone here oh you see there's one of my kid on here today did this is what is with you people what is with this town how is this possible we got this new phone system I've had had 20 years off my life to get forget about the brand new phone system that's supposedly two weeks away just this interim phone system that looks like just maybe it might work now all we need to do some guy damn colors with something to say how do you attack the plane at the buffet with a goddamn bayonet you jackass got I sure hope it wasn't the animal coast my friends over there it under his eyes ten fifty six and five sixty QMs the way I now I love to give all my houses over civic I subbed out also Just because they could not recognize FED, I'd be trapped there. I think I'd be killing a FED in Swiss. When I got out I'd fit off with the idea. A software scientist, I think that's so cool here. I just want to be trapped there. I'm not ready. No, I'll focus straight out of it. Oh! I'm not going to want to find FED in a few AMs. Nobody makes it the time, jica article either by the way about the FCC. Find it at some of the website. Oh, it is. FCC, find a Roger's more in decent than the offense. Norma Kent facts, this to me over at Amsterdam. I didn't read it on the ear, though. Why not? I just mentioned that it's on the website. Well, at least Tom Jica realizes that I'm still on ear here. Oh, still knows how to spell my name. Nice going. Tom, better late than never. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Boker, hello. Mobile in Boker. Yeah, hi, Neil. How you doing? Okay. So, I don't really think that getting rid of violence is all that difficult to think of this country. Get rid of it earlier. Get rid of it in one. Violence is all that difficult to think of this country. Uh-huh. One of the things that we have to look at, that's right. One of the things that we have to look at is getting rid of the guns that a people can. See how novel and ideas that is. Secondarily, if anybody commits a crime with a gun, they should be put to that. Period. And the story, do you think too many people are going to actually, with those things, be committing crimes. You get caught with a gun in your hand when a police unfolds you over. And you get convicted of that crime. You go and you all put the death. You know, the constitution of his is, How about how about we just put you to death? Wouldn't that be a lot easier? No, you know, you quit. Yeah. That's not a lot of the, a lot of the less working, a lot of the less expensive. Let's take that. Okay. And then we're on hands right there. Yeah, just let's, let's, we're killer everybody, huh? Because that's the way that's what we like. We like that capital punishment, even though they're finding on Illinois, for example, and other places like Texas by the way, Governor Bois. Or they got more people on death row, but they like, frying them like crazy or sticking them with whatever they're sticking them. Finding out that a lot of these people, well, maybe they weren't guilty in the first place. Well, let's, and we can't be bothered with details, because the American public will not sit still for getting rid of the death penalty, because let's face it, we're pissed off. We don't have any other answers. So that's the, that's the responsibility, it's just like this guy. Easy, you're going to violence, just kill everybody with a gun. Brilliant thinking, sir. Thank God, I finally got one of those great intellectual colors that I've been savoring for so long. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. By the way, very jackass, your favorite station, there's 17 number defense. They've been on a year and often, so before I look and got a bad headache, do they still show an arrating? No, no, not one diary, not one, not nothing, no. They don't show, they have no audience. None. How do you like them apples, huh? Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale, hello. Yes, man. Hi, I was just listening about the facts that you were talking about the schools and I'm much violent, sir, is, and I'm with the earth kind, and I go into the schools. Here was the last earth kind, it's a nonprofit organization I go into the schools and teach students about how we treat non-human animals and vegetarianism and all that sort of stuff. And what I've noticed when I go into the schools is there's a lot of isolation with other students because of the size of the schools. There's bows and women to one school with about 2,500 students, like a small city of there. And a lot of the students are teased because some people think they're gay, and therefore they're teased whether or not they're gay or not, it's not the problem. So that's something new. No, I'm not saying it's something new. And that's why people are blowing our kids away and they're killing each other because of the big teeth. Yeah, I'm not saying it's new. It's been happening all the time, but I believe it's increased because of the schools being so huge and encourages isolation. The way that we treat non-human animals and other people here, not having enough rights for gay people, for instance. I'm we're still not allowed to get married and have the same rights as other people. There's a lot of discrimination still and how can we foster compassion in that kind of a climate? I believe there needs to be classes in compassion. You passion and tolerance for all we have. Not going to happen. I don't know if the country based on hate. I guess I'm trying to be optimistic. It goes in hate. That's the American way. I'm going to be optimistic and continue the work. I do it's earth kind and push. What was that again? Earth kind. Okay. Thank you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Tom, the five we've had enough for her kind. Tom, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I mean, you know, maybe she's got very good intentions. She and her girlfriend, whatever, but that's their thing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. 5, 60, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. This is as dead as the proverbial door nail here today. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, New York. Yes, sir. Take the happy background. Sure. I can see that. I, uh, I, uh, I, uh, the, you know, something there's nothing wrong with this phone. There's nothing wrong with this radio station. This town just sucks. That's all these people are bunch of deadheads. They have no material. They're not accountable. I haven't got them. Conversation. If you're going to slowly pick up. Remember, you were on vacation. George was on everybody was going into love 94. I'm not going to come back. All right. Good to have you back. Sure. Right. Including this. This is the, it was that the asshole. Oh, yeah. Everybody was doing it. Love 94. My ass. You're a moron. And I'm not interested in having you. Sucker, I would be sure because you were a jackass. All week long. He's calling. Oh, well, uh, he's not back. I'm going back to love 94. Right. And he has to get in yet another shot here. They because he's the scum. He's the scum that makes out for it. What it is today. A big, oozing pile of scum. You can smell it. Way out in the middle of the guy. They have ocean. You can smell it drifting out there. As the plane approached from Atlanta yesterday. Hey, by the way, I got nothing but good things to say about Delta. I do like that. That's a shock to me. I'm talking. Why, you know, frequent fire miles. You got to use them somehow. So I went through Atlanta and came back to Atlanta. Business class outstanding. No problem. Food was great. The business class. You got enough room. You could lay down flats. Stick your legs out your toes as far as they would go forward. And not hit the back of the seat in front of you. How do you like that? I liked it. My school in Arizona. Maybe they're making a little bit of a comeback. At least on the international flights. And Atlanta, no problem at all. Comes your customs in Atlanta. Zip through acting. Beautiful. Wonderful. Maybe it was just blind luck. Is what it was. And then of course I came back here. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Me, oh, good morning. Yes, sir. One phone time listener. First time calling. All right. I'm a one year daughter. A, you know, that's in the school and on your social and your way to get straight to the position? Good company. Okay. One out of aemasat making or going to serve honor and I spent about ten miles, and got back and I enjoyed that. No chicken pancakes. their major winning part is they got a pretty good morning show that's you know very comical and but that's not what we did real good in the morning I mean yeah they they do they're in the morning how do you like that behind how are they behind jayda in fact time for second with jayda cast your notebook but it look over a shoulder man well as for their after the show as well it's you know it's the same just the constant variety of us on my gut thanks for the bad news okay okay okay okay okay well there you go it only took us an hour as usual here in his god forsaken and was that that difficult from the tell us what they'll play what they do know but you just won't do it you won't do it because you're a bunch of hard asses you know something if this was a real town already I would have had fifty different investment and forget about that fifty different investment advisors calling and looking for my business seriously saying oh we can sure do a lot better than that asshole over your bank that's losing your all that money that doesn't believe he doesn't believe in tech he believes in direct that's his thing he'd rather give you direct than the tech man living in the he's he's still got the dinosaur bones laying around his desk there the day that Matt left that bank that was the day I should have walked right out I'm telling him that was the issue to walk down the door oh man and here I thought you do something about money ten after eleven at five sixty w q and it's ten and it's ten four hundred yes right here on sports radio five sixty q eight and you got two sets of red are you on edge walking that fine line back up against the wall running on empty trapped in the rat race burning the candle at both end feel like just another face in the crowd lost in the shuffle another call in the wheel are running the ladder and unpop kernel in a bag of microwave popcorn trading water running in place stepping one step forward and two steps back not realizing your full potential not making the grade not up to snuff don't think you can make the final cuts going against the grain see the like the odd man out to black sheep the third wheel a thorn in the paw of your employer putting heads rubbing each other the wrong way well actually oh oh then never mind eleven fifteen and five sixty w q i am so let me ask you know what do you do there next to them you do anybody good how big was it what's your typical day yeah what what was your day like like what time did you get up in the morning did you breakfast kind of toothpaste to the user and how much those those beautiful waffles those Belgian waffles that they got over the strawberries on top I didn't have one of those by the way one night about one in the morning because it's like a real city you know you can walk around there's these different shops and a lot of them stay open like real eight till two three in the morning and I got a Belgian waffles I took it back to my hotel room and I ate in Watson Matybee and it was a great what's that huh with with cream and strawberries mmm it was delicious five six and I tested with a knife and folk actually I just detected with my push five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line so nothing has changed here thank God for that same old rat race here's Tamara killer Tamara can you yes sir how are you okay I just wanted to inform you about this a hot new show on MTV would have bunch of young naked people running around on it yeah it's a good they viewed last night it's called a undressed and that's not a new show yeah it's been on for ages it's not a new show and it didn't they do last night I've seen it a million times it's not new yeah the show could hold undressed sure it's not new did you hear what I just said it is not a new show so how come last night they said the world they'd viewed the new show beaks out of me because they lie a lot it's the one in your audience and it's all he's on here yeah it's like soft point off the right year oh it has done for ages you kidding did it work for you yeah I got all excited last night okay thank you I'm happy for it it works for him nobody make it on there I've seen it as much as we're about nothing MTV blows MTV is crap give us TNF the music factory baby give us that good stuff give us the bloodhound gang give us the real videos not just chopped up cleaned up more porn on TV that's what we need to see five six seven oh five sixty pound I I'm just I don't know what to do with this crowd here today it's the lost cause because they were I mean they're they're out of material and I'll Danny and Dan did once Julie was going to left Danny and I'll Danny's out of her being gone there's nothing left it's all done dried up like a big juganic a region here's what Myers speaking that hello hey what's going on yes sir you know you're just saying about George Bushy and the execution's in Texas yeah why just got this up here now if I'm on Miami here I'll calm yeah George Bush says he's saying here's where today jib jib jib jib jib Bush says yes he know evidence that Florida has put to that in innocent convict so he will not be imposing a more tolerant of our execution by dealing with governor did yeah I'm called that you know shameful and Florida twenty excuses been halted three with a sixteen hours would be carried out after evidence surface with the contemporaries of long week yeah but you're not the state these things as the American people are very angry and pissed off and area gung over the death penalty and they want to you know it put as many people on the frying pan as they possibly can and you just can't say these things well yeah I like a few mistakes along the way tough crab they don't care they're angry and they don't have any other way any other solutions and they don't want to spend a lot of time thinking about it so let's just execute a bunch of people and supposedly from what is like to Florida like George like tent like Texas yeah as a poor very poor system of public defenders because the majority of these guys and death row come from low-income areas can't afford all these high-prite lawyers anyway you know so a fight from that you see these doctor nominations no you didn't have no all right I'm chanting the movie so all of the interest in that all right well listen tonight Larry King's moderating the debate okay thanks for the bad news I will I be watching that oh no five six seven oh five sixty and by the way thank God for that the Leo de Carpill movie is not doing as good as they thought it was well but they're just making go away please just please go away they keep showing the promos for that thing over and over and he comes out of the water like a fifteen pounds he wants to relate to Christina Agueler they must eat the same meals together or do whatever they're doing because they both weigh about twenty two pounds so can let here's a mobile and hell and they'll hello mobile and hell and they'll meal I do okay sir welcome back sir first time a long time I got some material for you yeah how about that FBI agent that killed those two black kids on 95 you have about that what about them what if they're not here about that it was they gave them bail they bail them out he's on the road yeah you don't think that's ridiculous another example of why living in a police state no here's our last call a mobile in Miami hello mobile in Miami okay that takes here the show for today someone you know overwork yourself on a first day back that's it that takes here of all response we got from this time this is seriously beyond a shadow of a doubt the dentist the the most pathetic the most useless place on a face of the year bar none that that's it sixty to eighty minutes and it wasn't easy eighty minutes and I want to have it all my music that was in here by the way from last Wednesday from a week ago when the what music did not leave some CDs in here I think I just like a new cabinet oh like I said we had to get everything all you know by the time you're something I needed today you can you okay thank you excellent that that's your material go to hell got nothing to say about anything that's going on in the world about anything that went on to the ten days that was gone how do you organize your plate when you go to the buffet that's the kind of call you get from the soft load audience how do you organize your place how do you with active a thing when you go there how do I eat tell me how to eat tell me about that soft porn show on MTV that they viewed last night even though it's been on for a year tell me was it soft enough for you was it hard enough or in between and did you ever grab a semi oh my god this is the the pain is just unbelievable there's a lady in water he'll hello lady in water he'll hi yes man my name is Shelley in the first time call or how you I'm okay good I'm down in the flood for about 22 years now we've been listening to you for years yeah well here I am I wanted to just say you were a story I was saying some money to buy some hockey tickets for my husband for Wednesdays came with the ranges you know for valentine today but he's a big listener of QAM and he heard Hank talk about his host at one last Friday and the other one that was running on Sunday they shall let me down the Gulf Stream Park on Sunday I wanted to bet on Hank's host which he did and I get to excited I put the money that I was saying on it too when I think the horse was still running Neil it came in like dead last I was wondering if I can get tickets for the pants again someone's they night you wonder if you could get them yeah if you can get them to me and where would I get those I don't know don't you have them no do I have them in my ass somewhere I hope not now oh okay well did I say anything today about hockey tickets did you I don't know wasn't listening I'm working you're nice so in other words you're not even listening to the show well I listen on and off I you know I work in an office so I have a tuned in so you just thought like in the middle of the day this spontaneously would pick up the phone right have nothing to contribute nothing to say to the show but you ask me for hockey tickets right only because I've been listening to you if the twenty years already so therefore I owe you hockey tickets don't know man anything no you don't know me anything have a nice day five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line I rest my case I mean if this were like a a case in court I went hand down don't even have to send a jury out to the liberate hands down the judge just bangs the gavel award this man fifty million dollars and let's go on to the next thing I mean what are we talking about here she wants brick and hockey tickets I got news for you honey any game you want to see here this year before the playoff start plenty of tickets just call up ticket master call out the box office call up anybody go out there and scouts some cheap before the game even with a rangers here Wednesday tomorrow night there'll be plenty of seats on sold here's a mobile and dear field beach hello new guy yes sir no more calls no more calls we just love here and you here and what the talk I mean it was great when you did I'm not doing that anymore I did that for three weeks I'm not gonna put myself in a hospital I'm doing a show here with a phone that's what they show us all about it's a phone a telephone talk show I'm not gonna sit here and talk for four hours every day nobody in history of the universe has ever done that you boy yeah hungry for cellies coming to town yeah not my boy can't see my way cleared by those tickets I need her can he have a great day yeah my boy I'm real but celly you know who likes him great read is that's everything you need it oh oh man he was in here this morning yeah but I mean but I'm but I'm up I'm up I'm up I'm oh yeah and I I I placed my trust in somebody wrong people and this and that and Bob the move is an asshole or whatever he said something like that is not what he said I'm gonna assure that I heard him say that Bob the move was totally inept in a total asshole over there in four miles boy this has been special this has been really special not not just your ordinary pedestrian crap this has been special crap here's a mobile in North Miami hello yes sir what's the most popular pickup line at a gay bar here's a mobile in North Miami hello mobile in North Miami want to know yes sir a couple weeks ago you were talking about the yes problems with your interests and what having not been everybody was calling about colitis and so on and so forth yeah some doctor was talking about your your poop and how you're supposed to have floating carriage which kind of find that it's hard to believe I keep thinking about that and this one or that's a reality I mean you find it hard to believe you're sink yeah everything thanks I don't understand what I have I have colitis myself yeah but I have I have I have I have my affairs right now if I were using well I just I really have I get you absolutely I get you well those nice designer pine boxes man they're having a sale on and I pennies this week good luck good luck okay bottoms up here's a guy they he said not only do they think but they think is that incredible or what let's get the sink and float lady on that's perfect for this yeah because one thing about this time they may not know they're Schmidt all the time but every now and then when you least expect it they really come up with some good Schmidt 26 past 11 at five 60 so let me ask you guys how do you really attack to buffet when you go there sir usually you scream and then you charge just charge in there with your head like like money python you just all go running in there you know and just hop head first like congreens would do let me see your worth is he push that that his those is clean and never put that in it cut these running for the wide house he just can't admit it don't drop in that not all even down a few people call me can he drugs with you he then drop some message to why will George just come out and simply say he did it he presents the best with shut their mouth so it's time you got them this he did more than watch you think study watch it doesn't he? and he prefer cocaine to have that's the question that he does and he made you quite much clearer like a razor on a mirror but he wants a tube in ease that he didn't do anything turkey mr. president and this is clean and never put that in it can't be running for the line house on the 31 at five 60 WCM here's a fact that ties right over the calls that they think it's perfect from Rudy moonios when you're people in the mouth says to kneel kneel you don't like it but you're going you're going to go back to the top of the topics we have lost interest in this show love you a spick now can you interpret that for me because it was written in spiktock can you interpret with that man you don't like it but you're going back to the top of the topic we've lost interest in this show well he still listen a spick no he's listening a lot 94 oh that was a spick by the way there was the love 94 car I guess yeah hey but the free lady was one years no she was not she's the the doctors to your kids a husband she's not a show that's like five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighty in two wireless life don't be laying the Jews on my ass mister they kept showing his sign-file clips on a guy damn plane coming back if that man isn't a walking ad for anti-semitism he's a male nanny is what he is god just dripping with that New York doing is all over his post man where they find people like him over to have to watch that those the shows were great yeah right he was really was he funnier what no all he would the all he need was a little schmata on his head just like Spencer or what's his name here's for waterdale hello yes sir yeah how are you doing great you see the nightline last night with the river we don't I did not now they got these people to come on there and say that the American people are mostly or majority of which are even jellicle and religious not true I know but they keep saying it like it's true yeah you know the benets and the cow promises and a rafferies it's just you know and they're trying to pollute the people it's unbelievable that's something new nice if it's that that's the business that there when that's a business religion is in is polluting the public's minds that's what it's all about and they're very tales and they got a take that was written by idiots thousands of years ago bubble my sees they and they've got to take over happen in here but they're going to be with bush or gourds one of the two bush or gourds are both evangelicals are both born again yeah and gourds what is gourds agenda what is his political agenda have to do with the accristen right what our his agenda is no big deal but when when push comes to shove you know he's got this wacky belief you had a he had a you know it's not not that I care I would rather have him than but then bush but he had this wacky conversion he said in his own you know John Kennedy had this wacky religion to he was a rolling Catholic and what difference did that make it for all the things it doesn't matter what story you believe no but it's not all the same the the differences that if somebody gets elected to be the president and has that power and decides not to use their to try to impose those beliefs and in implementing whatever the hell laws they're going to be passed by congress that's the difference right if I can't see it how can you compare Al Grobe with the with George W when it comes to being a religious nut you can't but my then why did you say that I'm a crepenter he tells me months to believe in as long as you don't want to try to impose it on me well on the show last night they say talk about both being born again yeah both of them are so I mean from that standpoint there's no the same that they both had these conversions in their life yeah four because of uh whatever because he did too much coke yeah probably both because they did too much coke no bad all of the word does have a bigger nose okay have a great day sir anybody have a idea what he said oh also last night Gore went out of his way to state very clearly that he believes in the separation of church and state and that's that's my point that's what I'm telling this guy I don't give a crap what he wants to believe in or how he and tipper want to at least you won't have to worry about any blow jobs in a while house there and Bush wants to give tax dollars to religious institutions to do good work right right Bush is another show for the political right the the question right and keeps moving further further to the right and not that to be form party which I started to mention before his blow themself's up over the weekend maybe that's bad you can but won't be a factor after all which should they better get the rack together again because just to be on the safe side come on pat go pat little left siphoning job for us five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line here's Miami Beach hello Miami Beach okay well come back the arm's bit of the volume I say yeah you know what I'm like killing kids out in power and blinded you read the paper today were two people that killed repossess of the 1987 Chevy yeah George would just tell me about that you could I could believe that you got to read that article I mean suit and they had a semi automatic weapons and the wheel fell off the car as they were you know do it it how do we get the guns out the street I guess we can now okay thanks for the good news five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T where I was lying see I asked a very simple question the beginning of the show today but this crack and black thing what that's all about and did it get a response to it I get an answer oh no of course not because nobody wants to talk about that because nobody wants to be perceived as being racist I think it just is called being civilized see this business about you know being like white people being like whitey I don't think that's got to do with it at all I think that's the one word we be looking for is being civilized educated a respectful obedient the lawful etc. so on especially the obedient part fine so get your black ass in the kitchen and get lunch ready five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's a lady in Palm Beach hello you yes ma'am welcome back I'm this you last week here I am I was away from the sun first I'm in the radio for a few minutes did anybody call on Phil you know I'm getting right no okay well hard to capitalize what happened in a week but um basically what happened was Michelle trial was going terrible and it's the never-deserved wake-up pretty soon it looks like she's going to present the prosecution rest of it so that's just doing the defense and he put the guys on the ice cream stand on the day oh boy and he said you know he saw Michelle he was sure and then the prosecutor got him hit that he was lying oh see her and then Danny Colerston and the say in that and so um after he came after witness Dan was with the Danny said you just see all of the Michelle state she's going to prison so that's not going very well and then the other thing that happened yesterday was Edmund finally did his black male on sale and showed him the video so if you don't make me the head of the company and give me everything I want this is what Beth wedding day she and Jim about to get married yeah it's a father and man's in their downstairs we're getting ready for ceremony and um so I tried to fire Edmund and that's when he showed him the video too yeah I think that was the only story line right now what about Richard and the what's your name Cassie oh god oh I hate that part of the story yeah very princess right the measles part yeah well the doctor gave her through examination and found that she may not be able to have more children and when she found out she's like oh my god I can't give you an air and that's the only reason you're marrying me we have to back out the marriage and no no he's no you want it met that he wants her yeah and she wanted met that he he on him yeah it's another one of those scenes all the soap operas do that they make it so if you're he wants to scream and now the rain you know like uh open up your ears and get with it yeah and then in the meanwhile Edmund arranged for this for uh there could be a horrible explosion and some plant in San could still be on all these people are injured and you know he's trying to sabotage everything Richard's doing so we can take over the monorail just to create the audience right yeah well let me ask you how long you've been watching up forever who have you had a little who would you say of all the people that's on the show I was thinking about this uh yesterday for some strange reason you got a lot of time to kill on the plane what actor or actress is the longest standing character on a show who's on their now right maybe what for Vanessa yeah possible what about what about Lillian yeah for somebody who doesn't have a story line right he goes back along way your husband Vanessa Jessica's back away oh I'll tell you who it is though Holly oh yeah so yeah for a while and came back Holly and Roger were like uh the original Roger who's not dead of course they were on here for 100 years but Holly we're not working back but I don't know if that's out how about pop a bar oh oh okay have a great day sweetheart thank you you ever talked to any cloud of that story that comes on the floor guiding line yeah have you ever seen this rock you guys are coming out characters name is Christopher oh yeah oh yeah yeah yeah I'm gonna put my Christopher metal on right now they're not dating I'm gonna squeeze it real quick have a great day bye bye you know what the Christopher's used to say it only takes one little candle the burn a big hole in your back home 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T line Jerry Lewis is one they're only good for one thing and that's making babies in january knows pissed off the sports leader sports radio 560 2 a f get off you duck 1 founders oh got all he's saying honey get to the back get rid of him We're the pants, y'all. Hands up. Hands up. Hands up. That's it, it's it, y'all. Take your son, don't you need it, bitch. I'm gonna pull you down, I can do it, bitch. Take it up for a big roll, blood is fat. You don't see my spell, if you tell where it's at. Hands up. Hands up. Hands up. Press, hands, hands up. Hands up. Hands up. Hands up. It's big fat guy. She know how to think of all this guy. That's that shit, she's the shower with a house. Who would be the skits, but not the towel. Bad dog. And y'all. Hands up. Hands up. Hands up. So speaking of that, who are you telling me got suspended from our sales department last week? I'm gonna be in fat boy, could it? 14 till noon at 5.60 W to Q and. I'm going to be in a good position. I'm going to be in a good position. Here's the fact this is I'm really upset of the fact that the date County school system is forcing every student to learn about black history. Students are ordered to make a report on a black person. I can make a report on lots of black folks that I just saw in the Amsterdam. Black rhymes with crack. It says if it's black history, they let the black people learn about their own history. I don't recall the Jewish history being taught in school or human history or any other group for that matter. How about a Hungarian history? No. I feel each aspect group should learn about their own heritage history. If they choose, but a specific group should not be imposed on other groups. My freedom of choice is being violated to this and on in the spacer. Who's pissed off and fired up about black history. Well, how much is there to learn besides coming in chains from Africa and a bunch of lynchings. And then the crack and what else? What I leave out? Football? Low 10. NBA? That pretty well, covers it. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, where I lost my money. I got too lonely calls there and the board. We're not even at the halfway point here. What's going to be a long, long, arduous first day back from a wonderful vacation. So let me ask you, how was the weather over there? Was it like about 40? Was it below? How about the nighttime? About three in a morning? How cold is it again? How do you approach the buffet line over there? When you step up to the big buffet in the sky? How do you approach it? That could have been the best call of all time. That was the best. The best. I mean, it's covered a lot of territory. A lot of idiots over the years. A lot of real morons. Great. A class top of the list. But that's the best. How do you approach the buffet? What's your game plan? Actually, I do kind of like a football coach. Like Tom Landrie is doing up there in a sky and out. Poor Tom Landrie with that hat. Never stole a free train. We'll go to Christian guy. A little bit too good. Too Christian for me. What are you ever looked at? Danny White naked in the locker room, you know? Something I've been thinking about a lot lately. Tom Landrie just died from leukemia. Just 75 over the weekend. Just a few years. Like I'd Danny White when he was naked in the showers. Good Christian guy like Tom Landrie with a wife. Here's some rise. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going? Pretty good. You know what we're asking about the blacks and crack? It's because that's where it's sold. Remember in the Godfather? Let them have their drugs or whatever the thing was? What do you mean that's where it's sold? Well, I can rest in in carnal springs. I mean, I keep driving around all my long, two, three in the morning. I'm not going to find people out selling me crack. It's those neighborhoods. Well, how come an Amsterdam award this neighborhood? There are no black people live there. And there are a bowl of black people selling crack. And there's selling crack there as well. Yes. What do you mean as well? No, I mean it just made, I mean you're talking about black. Black black people. People from the Netherlands and tillings, schwarters, black darkies. I guess it's just the definition of the people. I mean, I mean, the people with bad hair, we look like they haven't seen a bar of coast in 25 years. Those are the people. Crack, coke, coke, bon, that's their life. That's their existence. Is it just the distribution that works from where it starts to where it goes? Are you asking me? No, I'm just saying I don't know what kind of investigative report on this? No, I don't. I only place, I wanted to go is far away from me. Get away from me. That's all I ask. Get away from my ass. You know, one thing, you know, David Duke, you know, he's been on a couple of shows lately. And he's been talking about European Americans. Now, wouldn't that include most Jews? Yeah. But yet he makes that distinction now that it's European Americans. He's the white European American except the Yiddler. Been to your him say that? Oh, except he said, why? Right. And one last thing, Erwin Schiff, have you ever heard of this guy? The pain no taxes ever? Yeah. Have you ever heard of him? Yes. And he thought, Clack. Clack, okay. Because he was saying, you know, put zero down because you don't show a profit. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. If it looks like a duck, have a great day. One last thing. Yes. The king said he's going to outlaw revolutions as well as any companies that may hangers. Okay. And if he has an abortion, hanger. Well, they want more capital punishment here. They're pissed off. They want a lot of executions. Come on. Let's start right now. Let's start with a guy that costs me all that money in my portfolio. Now, one call for many investment expert out there in this audience today. I got every dime I have in a world tied up with a man who I have absolutely zero confidence in. I mean, just just, just, I can't even go into it. Just one mutual fund. This man costs me so much money. I'm going to begin to tell you. And when people start screwing with your money, you start getting serious. You know, you start getting pissed off. How's the amazed you to a mile away? 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. What's that toll free number? 877, 785, 6345. Yeah, we're, we're to that crack be coming from that crack cocaine. We're to all them rocks come from. But you're white people come in there. The white devil is there. They the people are done it. Uh-huh. Made them darkies. Yeah, that's right. So white devil with a horn. The horny white devil. They're the ones that bring in all them rocks. And put those rocks to people out there in the street. The pedal that crap. Aren't they? No. Here's Boca. Hello. Boca, yes sir. Hey you. The focus is gone. Let's try bointin' be, chillin'. Bointin' beach. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, the reason I'm calling is, you seem to brush over that fact about those two blacks. They were killed by that FBI agent. And now they're both the Florida State Police. And the FBI tried to cover it up. Sir, I didn't brush over it. It's an old story. We talked about that at a length. It's nothing to brush over. But what do you mean? Why we has you? Now what else is there to say? Well, more and more, it comes out. How the FBI covered it up. We moved them to a different hospital room. Yeah. Changing his name. Right. So the press couldn't get out of it. Right. So is that something new that the FBI is a corrupt institution as gay and your hover He'll tell you. Well, I'm not talking about, I thought the Louis Free though was a much more honest type person. Well, he hasn't. I did word one about that. Well, maybe he's not. Is that a Madonna, sir? That maybe he's not, maybe he's still the same corrupt institution that it was when gay and your hover was running it? Well, because I lived in Washington after the day I'd go over here. Yeah. And I knew some of the I.A. And I would have tried to trust them with anything. Well, you're talking about individuals. Let me say it against you. The institution is corrupt and have a great thing. Oh, my God. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, too many old people here, baby. Too many old, wrinkled up people. Old, crushedy, fart smelling. Here's Holly with. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, still real in from the lot yesterday. If answers to the Montreal air. You're really from the loss. Yeah, we got our half a kick. And what do you mean you're really from it though? I mean, it was a crappy game. I saw the game last night. I saw the least good kick their ass fourth and the roll last night. They'd be for the game as two minutes older. Always done two, three nothing. That's a game. You know, they're not the doing well right now. I don't care about to say that you're really from it. Don't you think that you're really a little exaggerated. Okay, I'm going to be trying to use a little artistic player there. I mean, the team has got 71 freaking points there. And second place in the conference, the third best record in the whole guy, damn league instead of accentuating the fact that they lost again to a girls team in Montreal last night. And at the Shmuck Jesse Balaji came back to bite the hand. Neil, they want spreademow. Who cares? Neil. Yes. Quick, a baseball question. And would somebody please wake Rimmer up? Give them a wake up call. Come on, Rimmer, stop whispering the game. What is it, sir? Hit by more balls. Thank you. Okay. Now the question is, who got hit in the face by more balls? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on a AT&T wireless line. I'm only if they got bad old-scale material. They can't even deliver the lines right. Yeah. These people could never sell no cocaine. They can't deliver the goddamn lines right. Christ. He's still reeling from last night's loss to the conno deans. He's reeling from it. Anybody believe that? Oh, God. The sports nerds. And by the way, now that football season's over, I hate to break the news. The it's over. But what if a sports nerds got to do now? What then he finally makes that final announcement. And there will be there will be a final announcement of some kind. If this man comes to a senses. Then what? Oh. Yeah. Good point. Oh, I got a headache from this place. Wow. If I could tell you how great I felt the last 10 days. Like a new person. Like a like born again. Uh, and now I'm back here and between opening up my mail and seeing that I shmuck in my bank is losing my money. Factor than I can earn it. Like it's coming out of a fairer faucet. I guess we'll write down the turlet. This man would know an investment if it crawled into his back door. He still wouldn't recognize it. And then coming here this morning and seeing we got this new interim phone, which seems to be working so far. Oh, wrong with a phone. It's what's on the phone. Like what Harry Neil told me about the leaves about five years ago. He said there's nothing wrong with the uniforms. It's the bodies that's in him. That's where the problem lies. Nice going, Harry. See, that's one thing about the leaves. Mess with success. I didn't must think they're in a radio business. Things were going too well. Let's get rid of all the fast young guys on here. Goodbye, Stevie Sullivan. Goodbye, Mike Johnson. Goodbye, Oliver. We'll go to young players. Let's get a bunch of old hacks on here. I'll get started on that crap again. Neil Rogers shows sports radio, 560. You, A, M. W. You, A, M. My, M. You, A, M. You, A, M. My, M. You, A, M. I got all this goddamn money. And I live in a free house. I know my lips look kind of funny. Like the ones on Caesar Romero's mouth. But I never want a super bowl. Those who do I stay or should I go. I have an intimate affection. One of my demitaps last collection. Anything I want, I can afford it. But I want my lips to stay distorted. Should I satisfy my ego? Just call it quick and go. I just might move back at 5th bird. But on it, it changed the name Delitts bird. Now those guys and sports talk radio. The ones with the fecal ring around their nose. They're saying everybody wants to know. We like to stay or we like to go. Bye bye, Danny. Good luck to you. I'm going to get out of here. 12.02.05. 60 W to Q.A. 5.6. 50. 50. 50. 50. 50. 50. 50. 50. 50. 50. 50. 50. 50. 50. 50. 50. 50. 50. 50. 50. 50. 50. Some advertising on April 15. 30. No one on July 15. No one on April 15. Okay. Welcome back to my vacation. You hear a DDF service, traits and speaking of various truths. You safety, you're a different woman's job and it's Children's Two. Me, that's Jeanne, and she's a striker at my house. you jersey Connecticut right it is a white upper middle class where you can talk about what you get all the good stuff that's absolutely that's all I have to say okay thank you sir and say how do you do it five five six seven five sixy what do you say quite right and five sixy on the eighty and two miles I'm playing blue by Apple 65 I played it first before anybody in America months ahead and you never even gave me credit for that the old man I did so you dick I even did that last week when I talked about what I was bloodhunking I said bloodhunking sometimes you know I like movies to keep plays all the time like the better track is the awful irreplaceable in West life and you know a crowd full of words would be very big here by the way you're full of crap whatever still don't know no one's been a piece of advice these boys were better than the Marvin Gay yeah they were just on the face of it it never wrote nothing so ludicrous we're not talking about whether he wrote anything or now we're talking about his music that he sang not with any right it was better oh that just on on the face of it it just insults my intelligence there you see that next you're going to be telling me that the beatboys are better than aerosmith and he's any the best part of this is if we run television he's thinking about this one okay different stuff out of the room yeah real music is opposed to bubblegum right just like Marvin Gay in the beatboys real music is opposed to there's a lot of music what you used to play real music five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on a eighteen to wireless line this man doesn't know music but then again when grandma used to keep pulling your we out when your little kids here what goes to your mind it's hard to think too clearly so the special treat here's a mobile and bokeh hello welcome back to paradise here I do easy for you to say so what what's fun did you get tied up in pieces I can ask I beg your pardon what fund did you get tied up into that you don't like oh it's the right an Netherlands aqua fund I was in the aim I was in the aim Europe fund which was what was doing great now for you have it came down with it right I don't want one of the guys in the fund get trouble no the aim of fun to went from sixteen up to twenty three dollars in ten cents but the problem is that I was forced to look what they did to get a it's a long story so you're one here it's a long sad story of incompetent of incompetent by a guy who who hustled me and has got all my money now with my back and my money is vanishing in front of my eyes really my guy's doing okay I can't put a lot of money like you're probably but I bet that's not the point is it's somebody that knows what he's doing right question that's what I'm looking for please I love those no I might as a potential but I don't want to photos name out there he's pretty good so he's made about ten percent a month so it's not really yeah not good I'd be like to lose forty six grand in a month sorry I can't see what that don't don't just think don't just think I ought to be busy on four forty one right now cruising the pawnchops to find a good piece those you think about time yeah make sure you get a zero number off of there though okay all right thanks yeah the right aqua fund Netherlands fund just because I want to live there someday because I want to move there does that mean that I should be investing in that little tiny market there's a little it's got like about six point no this is a crazy person I'm dealing with five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line got fifty thousand open lines no waiting here today on a bitterly bitterly disappointing response on my first day back did they call it say hey welcome back the guess what happened while you were going on a series but it made possible but a whole bunch of stuff do they do that no no they call me up and ask me how do I approach the buffet the Chinese buffet how do you attack it how do I attack it well first of all I go get that old Chinese guy that's always hanging out with at the Ralph what's the what's his name the karate kid guy let me show and the worst part of it is he's dead not Ralph macho the old Chinese guy Pat Marita Pat Marita he's dead so you see I can't even go see him and fight out how you attack the Chinese buffet because he's dead he's turning Japanese pretty good for a dead guy and Ralph macho of course so he's got a wife you know Ralph macho what is he about four forty five now here's a plantation hello you never looked to much of a plantation hello I knew yes sir welcome back and thanks for telling like it is now I can't articulate as well as you but the thing that bothers me about the situation is Jesse Jackson and the Maxine Waters is supposed to be the leaders of the black community where does that go that well I mean but we're of that their priorities when it comes to you know standing up for different issues why can't they stand up for initial like a black kid in high school who can't add to and to can't speak and when he gets out of high school he has that's what we know idea what is going to do you know what he'd be going to do and then he falls into his pattern of just you know he's lost in that that's it that's gone forever who will crime and then do in the time right where's the legacy of black and right there is no leadership there's no black leadership and there's no white leadership it's terrible the same thing when you think about the African countries I mean not one act of country I read about is well governed well you read about his strife in killing yeah and what would want to go to and all these barbarians impregnating the young girls because they think that we're there each other you that way right using the hands of ours like crazy you can't actually use that just to kill other people yeah even said that for the world's mere chuckers well even now South Africa which is supposed to be your you know it was I read an article yesterday I think was also in that in line a horrible Atlanta paper about the culture clash between African Americans and Africans who come here this country and about how they're having a difficult time relating with each other and about African Americans here think that most of the countries over there are barbaric and these old are we still are tested that's not my stuff they're not there or types that's exactly what they are right well on the Stone Age well you know I just put a talking about all these police places like in the Algeria they're talking about the paper the money people all the oil variants over there that's not how the people in the jungle live because absolutely no leadership and how the grassroots live believe me I heard their midnight confessions which I got a great story here about a priest who's really a woman by the way no you're making it up no I've got 10 pages off the internet the things get a little bit slow soon if five six seven five six eight well I ain't listen I'm doing the best I can I feel great I got some energy I'm eating this crap from your buddy Peter Leonard which he should only rotten hell he's the one that made me sick in the first place you know Peter Leonard he has got to go he's got to go I'm not talking about leave I'm just talking go it's because he's he's coming to those candy bar he is going was it a secret and I shouldn't say it on here 10 minutes past no that five sixty wqs he was near the skyro I had a chip in K one day she flew away to teach you a lot of weather what did I write since your ship yeah what the musin slip to meet how I feel marking I see Oh, what? How the fuck is that? If you see Jay and tell her I'm a Surrey Stain And the FCC won't mention this So all night, we'll see Jay now if you see Jay Take her hand, gently say And bad after the transmission, I'll be out in 90 days old If you see Jay and Jay, we'll see you on a Then I'll see you with tea Oh, why not go on a go? Oh, what kind of tea is this tea? The one I chose! Okay, that's the second case in the last few See today, by the way, I should have played that right at the beginning That's where our friends at the FCC, if you see Kay The number we just said Anyway, it's the 1215 at 560 WQAM Yeah, we can say we can say the word penis on a year We can maybe even say shlong But we can't say dick I want you to stop and think about this about freedom of speech Because these people like George Will are always screaming Yeah, I'm afraid I'm a speech, you know, political I can't paint fine answer you for is really a free speech issue Right As old writers like George Will trying to rationalize the fact That big business and special interest of controlled his party From the beginning, you got it damn time since they stuck Ablic in in the box Come up with this crap, like he's a great defender of free speech But if we say dick on a year, oh, is that a name or is that like, you know We can say Willie Horton, but can we say Willie? No, no, how about Lonnie? No When founded Dennis Brennan the long time pastor of St. Margaret of Cortona Roman Catholic Church in Rotterdam, Junction New York Oste was weekly trip to the grocery store He looks unusual The five-foot-ange eight-inch ballding Irishborn priest Where's a dark full-length dress and ill-fitting ladies white wig And a silver necklace Or that necklace He also sports a lady shoulder bag Obviously Brennan and Albany Dicey's priest for 33 years, 16 Which has been spent as pastor of St. Margaret is quite what he used to be Or is that song the old game marriage ain't what she used to be? In fact Brennan 65 is in the process of making history As the first priest in America to want to go a 16-jump operation Ah! Let's hear it His name is Dennis He must know Denis Potpand because his new name He's listed as Denise J. Brennan A newly issued New York State Driver's license Denise Corrisioners in this tenor-old railroad settlement five miles west This connected to the art not exactly please Nor is the bishop of Albany that's putting it mildly At a time when the Catholic Church is reeling Or they really from that loss to much of your all-ass night Oh no, they're reeling from stories of priests who are gay And they're involved in improper relationships with young men The incredible story of Father Brennan is one of the Albany Dicey's Could certainly have done without Porsaners here first learned of the dramatic change in their past Is attitude just a few weeks ago and Brennan long seen as a straight-laced Tradition list Said I remarkably candid and moving letter to several long-time Porsaners in the letter he announced the start of what he called his Personal journey He vended a close that he had been tormented by sexual conflicts for most of his life He said he'd only recently been diagnosed with an extreme condition of sexual and Evidence known as gender dysphoria Wasn't that a Jewish thing to this poor? It was determined that this condition began before birth Brennan wrote the faithful It was never a matter of choice. I had always been conscious of my inner female gender Although I managed to hide it or bury it in his rectum and the gender two Brennan then bluntly disclosed I began on this past October 4th The period of one of living continuously 24 hours a day in and out of home as a female This time of translated transition is required before undergoing sexual reassignment surgery Michael Masjouani, a St. Margaret's parish near long-time Brennan in the recipient of Brennan's letter Is among many local church growers who say they feel betrayed I've known this man for 20 years and we've been friends for many years Had master on a rather damn junction resident, a prominent local businessman Dennis Brennan has been an asset to the Catholic Church all these years But what he's doing now is against all our beliefs I prominent Albany priest to learn to Brennan's decision from the post Had to take a seat before we could openly discuss his reaction He had to take a seat back to him probably in Alterboys I'm just stunned said the priest who is known Brennan for more than two decades He was a very conservative guy, I always considered very much from the word of the tight concept of what the priest was all about the tight concept as in say like a young and they like him tight Breakfast, yeah So there he goes a little bit of that story Save the rest for later, for after lunch 567560, 560, 560 on a AT&T wireless line Here's a mobile and story, hello Mobile and story Okay, oh and look at that we got two mobile and two are back to back Now what are the odds and that are they sitting there like side by side And the mobile and story like this Hello Hi Nio Yes, I'm down on vacation from Philadelphia I listened to you on the internet all the time Yes sir And I'll tell you one thing, the beaver he could have stopped at beachball for the red line He's got a girl, he's terrible He's done, why don't you just say I'm looking at her again What does that have to do with what I'm talking about here with anything Why do we care about him? Well, you were even about last year and I was down there because he was hot He had all those shutouts back back I was raving about him in a playoff against the lease when he let all those greasy goals And I said nice going, our beaver That's when I'm raving about him He's not raving I got all the respect, we don't care Okay, we don't care about Philadelphia Do we care about Philadelphia? No, not at all I want you to row the assholes 567560, 560, 560 on a AT&T wireless line With the exception of my good friend Ron from Philadelphia is a good guy But other than him Trying to think, how about the a permanent? What was the guy named the permanent from Philadelphia? David, David, whatever is named what? The paramedic from back in IOT days Jesus, you're Alzheimer's kicking it again, Mr. The paramedic that you just thought it was not a way of knowing Well, I sure did Here's a mobile in candle, hello Mobile in candle Hello Neil Yes sir Glad to have you back This is Vester years I think you need to have a visit paid to him by Mr. Luca Bumber Yes Or you might need to dirtenaple yourself Yeah And dirtenaple Yes, dirtenaple Yes, it sounds like it's going to get worse and better Yeah Okay, Daniel Is that it? Is that the advice? Yes, okay Okay, take two and I'll call you in the morning Okay 560, 560, 560 on a AT&T He's going to dirtenaple There's anyone for you Out of town line is waiting on you 877-75 We had an at one meaningful response To my quest for somebody That's got a financial advisor about there A financial planner That knows something We had the one guy that was like on a borderline Tipped tolling around Said something about food and facilities They want to give me the guy's name Or who knows That was it That was it The search goes on at his town For somebody who knows something I don't know I realize that's a pretty radical idea of a wild concept Somebody who knows something Isn't just another bourseman artist of which we have an epidemic Here's a mobile and hollywood Hello Yes sir How you doing? Good Is this Neil? Sounds like me Hey Neil, John, how you doing? Okay, John Check it out You're talking about a financial advisor Yeah There's so many things people don't know about stock The focus is unbelievable Yeah And it's financial advisors They're like use turn salesmen Exactly I want to I'm a partner in a hedge fund Okay, last month we did 6% The month before we did 7% Less four months We did over 28% I mean these guys are getting rips and stocks What the thing is with commissions and everything What's most that happened Is just supposed to get paid on performance Not just get paid You get rips and stocks and a quarter of a half a dollar You're buying it at the end You're buying it at the end And you're getting screwed That's the bottom was it do? Yeah All of those are just questioning the bottom way I mean bottom line for me Being a manager of a hedge fund What do we do? You know, I've worked for the last several years I had no, because I know nothing I'll be the first one of them that I know nothing about the market And I've made my own choices And I made a couple of bad ones and some very good ones And I always do it a million times better I mean I was doing pretty good for a guy That knows nothing That's a hundred percent correct And all of a sudden I get involved with this guy He gives me a bill of goods and they call me from the my bank And oh, they just got one up to meet with you And he gives this whole prospectus And he's got all these numbers down And they're all looks real great And now all of a sudden here we are It's it What I went through just in transferring my retirement fund From Smith morning to this guy The amount of money that I lost in the process Because he was inept and couldn't make them give him the money Is on mind boggling Plus now on top of that I take look at my statements and it's like this man is costing me my life The guy's a magic I don't mind I mean the guy is a real magic Because first of all this is the man who is a magic That doesn't believe in text stocks Okay, this is at a time when the NASDAQ is going through the roof The text stocks are the only things that are going good this year And this is the man who doesn't believe me He believes in the old fashioned way You know, just your bucket tell you about short stocks when they're at their eyes I mean look at Yahoo You're talking Yahoo with $500 Has come down consistently split the other day And it's down another eight points today Yeah, I mean you're talking about short stocks Brokers don't know this They don't go to a special school Believe me a guy at Probase wherever I work the whole street And one thing I do know that all it is is a hot sale game It's a boiler room That's exactly right a boiler room Your pushing stocks for the company so the big clients get out In their hedge fund situation I get paid off the form it's in performance alone I get the 20% of your profit every month But if I take a thousand dollars and make you $200 Let's say $1200 at the end of the month And I take off for you $40 Why deserve it? No You don't think so Say I made a game I'm making you 20% You make it 20% You bet I was not looking at the market I wasn't paying attention what you said The next action the toilet Oh, of course today But that's the thing I'm short and stocks today I'm looking to make the profit I'm perfect A2 Okay, thanks a lot pal I'm good luck here Head to this What you say something about his hedgehog The Dow is up 47 points And as the next album 10 which I get tired of watching this crap Because how many times have I said that Even when 10 they've had calls in And he had much it They get a dozen different guys on around CNBC And they tell you it doesn't different things They don't know what they're talking about All they're talking about is doing transactions That's what they're talking about Because every time they do a transaction they take up peace They take a slice Like going into a goddamn domino is place They take another slice They haven't got any idea what they're talking about And the meantime they're taking all the money You've worked your brains out You fought the good fight for 100 freaking years And now you're hoping to retire Some day maybe soon And you trust them you put all your money in the hands of these grey robbers And it's like, well, but I mean, but I'm old but I'm out Yeah, they got stories They always got stories SEI funds Anybody in the audience the only thing about SEI mutual funds Because I'm going to tell you something about SEI They suck 26 pass no in the 560 WDK Jim Polkafer taught Oh no laughing Game right here I'm going to read your 560 WDK Question Question Alright Don't you love Bill Bradley No Don't we need Bill Bradley No He's running six feet tall Played for basketball Oh boy Don't you love Bill Bradley Yeah, we need him Bradley He's going to win the race No People love him partly Isn't now before Yeah Did I mention that he isn't now before He played for the next He doesn't borrow sticks Yeah, we love him called me his and now before Not alcohol Not alcohol Not alcohol Yeah, he's not alcohol I say it one time more We love Bill of Art But because he's not Boring out for go Well, don't you love Bill Bradley No Don't you love Bill Bradley Oh, he's just old and stale 1232 at 560 WDK I don't mean old and age term is just boring You know Alcohol is boring in a more exciting way 560 560 560 Pomp 560 on the 8-tick Well, he is They're both boring He's not alcohol He's got a little fire in his veins He's only problem is that every time he tries to act The monster of he makes a fool out of himself He becomes even more wooden Here's a mobile in four miles Hello Next you're going to be coming to Beats Boys Better than the doors Now we're going to get upset No, we'll go Thank God, yes sir You should take all your money and put it Into American Century Fund Ultra All of my money You put it in one basket That's it 35% over the last 20 years of the fund What's the name of it? American Century And it's the Ultra Fund American Century Yep, Ultra Fund Yeah Good morning star dot com You know, something morning star Should only croak Okay, I've had money And more five star rated the fund From morning star It means nothing Okay, that in 45% So buy about a half a cup of croak But do you go to the ten year analysis No Anything to prove in bar Anything to prove in ten or twenty years I mean You got something You have funds that come out that are rated strong They mean nothing Right Something that's been around twenty years And it's in the top ten You know Okay I'll check it out today And Tom Greaves going to have Monica Lewinsky Yeah, what do you think of that? Okay, thanks a lot pal Bye bye And we're going to stick that story Correct 560560 American see now I'm going to get stuck in all kinds of advice Which is okay because I asked for it But it's got to be better than what I'm going through right now With this wild man Oh, well he couldn't do this And he couldn't do that And Smith Varny told him the moon is a green with purple cheese on it And but I beat by the boat But above and the meantime I'm losing all of this money And what kind of crap is this? How could all of us be so stupid and gullible To handle all of our harder life savings over to some stranger Some stranger Here you go Here's my money I believe you Some stranger who just happens to have a Jewish last name Big stick in deal, okay So did my uncle Muggsy Solomon had a Jewish last name And he was a bookier when the trust him was fifty cent He was a good guy but don't give it to him He'll lose it at the track In fact I you know something I could have had a better time with that 46 grand Even though it's only on paper thank god Why could I have a can you imagine the time I could have had in Vegas And at Pompidot Park with 46 grand Could have played all day Yeah, I have the next God Or can you imagine what I could have done with 46 grand and Amsterdam No, why don't you have how do you attack against today when you get I attack anybody I want I'm usually with great success You'd be shocked 567560 pound 560 on the it what can you describe it to us Yeah, okay Droughts a picture dross a pornograph please We're so bored and we have such a terminal life here in this town Which you already know yes I do Good bad My advice is get out of it every moment Here's Pompino hello Pompino, yes sir Hey, I don't have an answer to your financial process That's good That'll get boring. I don't want to get into that again But I do want to thank you A few years ago I started allied health school And I kind of can't tell you which one it was but you changed my position on legalized abortion And also on forced sterilization Right I worked in one of the community hospitals here in every single day I saw abuse kids and these crackheaded parents coming in And it was just it was unbelievable And I learned the hard way I should live in view before I just want to tell you there was an article in Scientific American It's called legalized abortion and crime And it talks about how legalized abortion has decreased This crime way that the FBI you know the FBI statistics have gone down Yeah And I just want to thank you that you changed my views And actually after reading and looking up some of these things You were actually right And you know John McCain has started to look more like Joan Crawford every single day They both hated those wire hangers Have a great day, Phil Thanks for that There's a guy that's open up his eyes and his ears and got a brain That I listen to all this right wing religious crap this swill this garbage And by the way take a look at Northern Ireland again How about that peace treaty huh? Take a look at the Middle East again How about that peace treaty? How many years have I been telling you the same thing? And it all comes because of the same crap religious Phanaticism lunatics crazy people Killing each other 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line Where's Mario Cuomo when we need a Mario you're going to tighten boy from Sicilia We need you now sweetheart We need a leader We need somebody who's articulate somebody with a personality Somebody with an IQ somebody we can respect somebody with a brain Somebody who's wife knows how to make a good ball of pasta That's what we need Not these boring turd burgers we got running now God Yeah like that He's all hard as well I hear See never trust a white guy to play the black man sport 22 before 1 at 560WQL The sports leader We're on the leader Sports radio 560 QAS I want to bang you in the butt pun To like on ABC is who wants to be a white supremacist? No you know okay here here's your question If you see a black man running down the street He will be carrying a an Olympic torch Be a relay baton or see a TV set What is your answer? It's the game show where ordinary right wing extremists Can win millions to fund the overthrow of the government Who wants to be a white supremacist millionaire tonight on ABC 18 to 1 at 560WQL I think John Rocker may have had a pointer to when he come right down with 560 560, 560, 560 And isn't that unbelievable? Just unbelievable That this guy that is even a chance that this guy still might be suspended When are we going to find out about the very soon I guess? Just incredible Because the guy is a bigot and he was stupid enough to open up his mouth and express He really feels about stuff huh? Too bad Bloodseed like man you're a moron You're a bubble head you were simple to you're a jackass And now that they come up with the latest one It was the junior grippy thing that bogus deal with Cincinnati Because he wants to play with a daddy where daddy used to play and where daddy's the coach And that'll beat better book and all the other crap That's it Well be more baseball games coming on my TV set this year Down to hockey I'm just down to my hockey and you know something that's We'll see Another couple years I think that's going to be ancient history too 560, 560, 560, 560 on the 18T while the time Are you hearing the same music that I'm hearing? No, no I feel like Carl Wilson only still alive I can hear music Here's a mobile info lotterdale hello Oh yes sir Yes Yes Yes I am That a book for you to read about investing It's called a motley fool guy to invest in Yeah I'm gonna 38% tax bracket and wait for any extra What's the 38% tax bracket? I don't know there's a 31.5% I think I made with my income I'm basically 38% income tax There is no sex bracket but anyway 39.6 Well very nice Yeah but who are you over point and half Anyway, I'm not fully fooled guy to invest Yeah about two brothers It's talk a lot about the S&P 500 They're not big on mutual funds Almost everything I have is in bonds and mutual funds I have no individual stocks anymore And I'm psychotic about it I need that I need that Well I'll tell you if you read about it It's just the five stocks and you have some P500 Yeah, let's pass over the years They're being in a better return and mutual funds The average mutual fund was 11% Yeah This year It's a quality of them And the motley fool is an interesting book And you have to be an MBA and finance to read it Okay And they're not promising You're going to be a millionaire But they'd basically give you good sound advice And they talk a lot about getting out of the mutual funds Good Okay, that's for me Thanks a lot I'll go on get a two days What are you saying motley crew? 560, 50560, pound-560 On the AT&T, where it's not merrion motley Used to play for the Cleveland Browns Big full back Oh, laryon motley No Autogram, don't he leveli Anybody that old out there? No Here on sports talk 560, 50560 And I'm just poundin' away Here, poundin' away Down in the way of these numbers And I'm thickenin' myself You know, this, this getin'er that we got in here This interim phone system This seems to be working fine At least today I mean, one day doesn't make a lifetime But it seems to be working fine one day And I'm thickenin' myself Why did we have to go? Why did I have to go To all of the stress and the angst and the IBS And the SBS and the SPCA And a boshmit of the last year in this room Because of the fact that George Corse was a sim Is a simpleton Who's an underling to our schmuck over there By the name of Bob Bob With the mute Which Greg Garridus morning told me Bob the mute, a major flaming asshole So he said he said he smells like schmith That's what he told me Right to my post And because of the fact that the beesleas Are so cheap, such a bosh up Ponyp pinching prick We've had to put up content with this crap And you know something There's nothing left to do with cheap There were afraid of my cost and something If somebody puts a system in your office or your business or your home And if defective If it's their equipment, they gotta replace it for free What a concept But they're paranoid because all of my cost is some money Which we don't have And boy, I sure wish it wasn't the quiet period You have no idea because Yeah, that too Here's a mobile and lake worth Hello Hello Yes sir How deal? Yes I am Three comments First of all the Wall Street Journal used to have a contest Where a monkey is The Wall Street Journal is a right-wing rag But anyway, I agree But I agree But I've got a monkey through the darts At the journal at the beginning of the year And I have the top analyst compete against him And the monkey usually won't I believe that Second way, the first six lawyers in Brokritium Brokritium Brokrit And that's what they make you Right The first thing is the first four lawyers in analyst Our annual, which is what they do Correct them Yeah So I've had your one thing That's what he did to my portfolio To the to my investments he rectum Absolutely But I know it's telepathy And they're children Keep talking about your grade Okay, thank you Chow Your broke but your grade 46,000 dollars on paper in one month And this guy that called before Well, what fun wasn't? I'm telling him the right Netherlands equal fund or whatever He never heard of that And no matter what I would have said Oh my god, yeah You know like he knows what that is Nobody knows what that is I was just over there They don't know what that is And the Netherlands they never heard of that They said that's not the right fund It's a Chinese fund It's the wrong fund for you baby Because it's in the toilet It's in the crapper Here Europe is going through the roof The decks and the footsie Leave it to the British to be planned Putty with each other over there Although I did meet a very interesting British young man Who's a parent from the Philippines But I won't talk about that on the year Well I maybe tomorrow 567560 Pomp It's really always bizarre When you meet somebody who's ethically like When you meet Chinese people who speak German Or you go to Germany and you meet in Berlin There's you see black people speaking German It's culture shock If like you like here If you run into black people in the convenience They're actually speaking English Here's a mobile in Miami, hello Hello Yes sir Oh, how are you? Great It's nice to hear from you And it's hope Whatever Listen to two things How about the hero? Whatever happened to the hero There's a newspaper in depth Inventicated journalism The other day for example The Indiana issue We're turning one of them into the name Oh, but In the New York Times The New Times All the newspapers They all published all the information We get nothing for them Yeah What the hell is it? It's a pilot Right What the second thing is Why do we have to go through the gay rights Or this Where these are basic constitutional rights That the gay communities in Times What is the problem with that? Is this community? Because the gay people have to be a scapegoat I mean every now and then it's the Jews And then it's the blacks now It's the FAS We have to be a scapegoat I'm a white wing religious Pious people Oh, believe me White Thank God you're back And please Police To lie down Okay, okay, we'll buy your box I told them until he dies Well, I guess he's on the edge Listen, I am telling you If this phone would ring This would be okay Even in spite of these people If we get a response It's too much work To try to make you people say something March 1st The two short weeks from now What the is that a week? 20 seconds What the is going to mean? Don't call off people I haven't called in Like I told you don't ever do that again Wednesday Two weeks from today From tomorrow Whatever I have no idea what this is Two weeks from tomorrow March 1st It'll be 24 years of it On 24 years on the air in this town Just had the worst rating book I've had in years and years and years Because all the sports there I guess got to die Resolute They had to be good Thank you Pretty good Would have to see some Colin Crab I guess a lot of people had a good I was a human for that He was just looking around Taking a look He just wanted to get his a week tip They liked that But And you know something who cares What difference does it make? You know, when you when you're basically doing something That's obviously dying out anyway Look at Rick and Spud They can't break a one share There on that stage with 50,000 watts Look at the great fuel Henry would Those, you know, the fuel Henry tapes Are you sure? I mean, yeah And you know something I never thought Let's look at night Seven of midnight When he's on a live Let maybe he's doing a number in there Persons 2554 Seven of midnight Maybe people's actually got some kind of a story on here Seven to midnight I'm looking I'm looking Yeah Tied with us One from a point eight to a 1.9 Tied with QAM Whatever crap we got on at night Oh, sorry It's a gambling show So there you go People want to listen to the fuel Henry They're listening to the nice They got a 1.9 Nice going airpets 5670560 Pomp 560 On the AT&T One of them What I was starting to say is that Basically I mean, you know, I should be the last one to admit this But I don't care I don't really care I'm not like a fledgling starting up Who's got another 20 years to go This is Passa What I do is passa What's upon a time Was a lot of fun We had W snooze We had ING We had Zeta Yeah, it was a lot of fun But this is Passa Because nobody here's got anything to say anymore Do you know what I'm talking about? Yeah, I wanted to put you much banished And then of course Yeah, too Don't forget And then the guy with a Here's a mobile and del Rey Beach A mobile and del Rey Beach Yes sir Long time first time All right Hey, American say I'm a good guy I'm a good guy All right Hey, American say I'm a whiffin' for about 9 or 10 years Just a slipper But I'm telling you it's a home run Really? Big time, 30 summers every turn last year And I think the guy was right over the last 10 years Belly in the 30s This is the ultra fun Yeah, I'm an ultra All their funds are doing well But I mean the ultra seems to be really don't well Yeah Strong numbers You can't go Well you can't look at them all There's too many Take a couple of good ones who look at them hard And now are these loads of Fans are these no load No load Slipper like me can't afford loads That's right Yeah No loads, believe me That's good too I get a little bit with fidelity But I'm on it As of today All right, thanks a lot All right, buddy You said no load Scored Scored 560 560 Pomp 560 On a night of can't jenny Can I have anything to say about it? No loads, baby And out of the FCC And got anything to say You know, I was thinking I wanted to say I went through with my IBS Which I know was termin' a little bit I want to talk about I'll move into my testins and kishki Anymore I'll do a lot of people share that Common problem Stress by the way Stress But here the FCC a bunch of Puddy studies that nobody ever voted for by the way Nobody ever elected them They're all appointed And they just arbitrarily Sit around in a room a bunch of these old Farts and they've just Picking shoes What's acceptable and what's not acceptable What's indescent What's not indescent And as far as this business of Exqueratory activity I mean the sex thing we do understand They're bunch of prudes And obviously in America If it's got anything to do with sex Or body parts that have to do with sex Even peripherally It's obscene you can't say you can't do it You can't think about it But Exqueratory activity What's the one thing Besides the air that we breathe That's the strongest Common denominator among all human beings Exquerters Not blood They're different blood types Maybe they're different Spit types I don't know That article you read said there was But seriously Here's something that we all have in common No, it's not a wonderful thing I guess we live in sunrise You're old enough It's a Mahayah It's a great thing Yeah, that's what my mother said And she's in Hollywood She said Oh, that's great Yeah But it's something we share And the FCC sits up there And they decide Oh, you can't talk about that On a radio because it's indescent speech My epinasm it's indescent speech And the American public is condition You accept this crap Because so much air assholes Up there in Washington Set around and decided What we can talk about And what we can't talk about Because children my here it Well guess what You're still going to do it a lot Infants doing Too much Oh, but it's indescent It's disgusting It brings down the level of dialogue It brings down the level of dialogue To reality To the real world As opposed to the put your hand over your ear And in tone for the audience Crafts which is their idea of broadcasting Which is nothing but bullshit And all my fellow broadcasters out there On you guys would ball the size of ball bearings Deities Shame on you Because this is nothing but a goddamn horror business That's all it is And find it anybody with an original thought Or anybody with some balls out there To do something different You might as well be looking for needle And I taste that And especially now With this new deal with a guy Ten companies that run a whole goddamn industry You don't want to work for these guys Because they're a bunch of cheap tricks They're a bunch of assholes They don't make your life miserable What choice you got Go across the street and work for the guys Didn't even cheaper And less competent If that's possible And that's it Because they own every guy They've got the am stationed in town Or of course there's always the other alternative You can always go and work for Cock So much Can I say that? Autor's Joe Castello just came and I guess To take over last hour the show we're going to do Autor racing show today Well no I four hours at the first day back Too much it's too heavy Autor racing swinging in humans And what's the other thing you said he talks about? Religion Oh and religion yeah Let's pass some religion God damn it 1256 at 560 WQM Amsterdam was great You all by the way There were some really good stuff there Some really good Schmidt Want some crack? Oh boy It's the one to two hour Be for the next chain All of this presents People exchange All of their presents When they get up And she has passed No one wants fashion Her visit wall When we grab your receipts And then to exchange Underwear made out of mesh Just exchange New CD from John Tasman Just exchange Please exchange Go exchange Eeeey All right you People exchange They're stupid presents Your mother and larchus Give you a month They bought you a small one Your six with seven They got you balls But you don't play golf Go exchange A basket of important cheese Go exchange A coffee mug that's fed the weed When you're a chain Go exchange Please exchange Yeah exchange Leo de Camprio for real person Okay, please they're showing it promo I'm much music again here And all of a sudden I have a... Again And I haven't eaten today That was very good today Wasn't I didn't even eat it in the sandwich That's because of the stress These are the people that put the stress and the BS and the IBS These are the wannabees And I can't talk about that In 25 days I will Calth 5 6 7 And didn't I warn these people By the way here in the building Even though I can't talk about Fucking Disney I'm talking about I said don't do it don't be suckers Don't get sucked in Of course who the hell might have talked I got that broker that What's his name? Oh man You know how angry you have to be to call somebody's voice mail at midnight And just leave a screaming hysterical message I mean apple-plectic message on your voice mail Here's Cooper City Hello Dale, yes sir How about how are you? Pretty good Welcome back Listen I'm kind of like you Greek with the investments but I kind of learn by pecking you know hunting peck Pumpkin pecker yeah Yep Listen you know every reading a weight cookbooks Weight cook well weight cook slash books He's got some good books out there I'm kind of like you I blew off use any investment And I've been very you know not I'm the millionaire But I mean I'm up like Since the 30% in the last year not bad And what I do is just hunt the ran you know Yeah, yeah, yeah, you're friends or whatever to me Not to give you a pick Like people give you advice you know I would just track it on paper first before you You know go ahead you know you got your computer You could figure out what to do with it But I used to have the mutual funds like yourself And what was the worst part was What I'm finding is if you have like you know whatever growth income And like the market takes a dump 200 points throughout you know two grand whatever the percentage is At least I notice who I'm holding stocks If I'm watching that every day You know I'm not taking the hits as I was So I basically kept two or three good mutual funds Janice and maybe one fidelity And I started loaded up on you know other stock maybe five or six But I watch it and it not to be greedy but you know I kind of go like in and out all the time You know if I think five or five or six or six weeks pop it out It was up the house Top it in top it out and for you like in gambling it's kind of like a game But you know you can stop it But it's not it shouldn't be a game Not a game but it is gambling and the right of that but it shouldn't be a game But let's just say I'll give you an example I go to stock and I'm a It's like a pharmaceutical stock there's a thirty dollars last week My 200 shares And today it went up to thirty five you know I dump it sort of speak Make you five six hundred dollars Look for something else and and with the mutual funds you can't your handcuff because a lot of them have If you deposit you got to wait six months or just a charge to get out right definitely if you do it no load at all No load funds I had two a really good mutual funds I had the drivers appreciation fund which was doing sensational and has done even much better And I also had that aim your fund which sure has gone up from sixteen to twenty-three dollars Assuring just a few months and I had to get rid of both of them so I could you know consolidate I could liquidate all these holdings and put all the money together for this smoke And I put all my stuff right now and the amount of money that I've lost I'm getting rid of my great funds And going into these SDI funds is so staggering that I just I really would like to take a hatchet And at least chop his desk up this afternoon Well I do agree with you that you know the last call was it was saying that you know when people give you a pick like that They're just into make their commission or whatever And you know that's fine but you know it is like so you deal with your money And you're watching to go right out the window working hard for but You know what I'm just finding is if you like you know and especially when somebody approaches it with the idea that they're going to be fairly conservative Because I don't have another twenty years to work, you know So you're going to be really conservative and not you know go out on a limb with a wild stuff and stay away from the text box Which in my opinion is a bad mistake but nevertheless but and then to be conservative What if this guy would have been a lot of the sort of life I would have lost four hundred and sixty grand And set a forty six grand you're kind of a lunatic of my dealing with here Well you definitely deal with a lot more in command But I will tell you that I mean I got some money from like I left the company and they kind of gave it all to me I kind of was kind of in a dark as to reading some books and the last year I kind of really started picking up a little bit And I just go on a computer maybe once an hour to see where things happened But if I see something starting to slide and I'm up sort of speak I'll give it a bit And just keep certain things are gambling, you know It's not okay Well you could say it's not it Okay, of course course course yeah But the stock market's always driven by news somebody has a new product a new thing But I will tell you one stock if you want to watch it's called CRE And Calls what CRE It's high right now, but it's like it's got up like 25% in the last two weeks Yeah, it's a great little company I'm going to tell you something that'll make you vomit, okay Somebody gave me Puma one was an IPO This was a few months ago and opened it and I could have bought it at four the sneaker company Puma Puma athletic wear Puma okay I'm the ant what the national felony has on the jerseys whatever it is I don't even know what tell it is I'm just telling you okay I'm almost stuck okay, I'm hoping it's four it went up to 142 Right Did I buy it? No, have a great day Five six to zero five what it went from four to 142 Are you ready for that? So what is that? Thirty 30 times if you put in like 30 grand it gives you 900 grand back even George could They had a land And it would have given them the stiff arm salute here I don't know what you're worried about today that I've walked out of here you're moving right in here Oh, yes sure not You better blown up on your sports mister Five six to zero five sixty pound five sixty I still held tight in he's an autoimmune pick especially like golf would be good You get your own show and here doing golf. I think curling curling would be excellent Especially at this time it gets in on my good friend San Rish Murrow the Canadian Curler She's the best. How you doing San Rousal going eight How about those the burning leaves huh? I don't want to get started talking about that. I'll get really depressed. Boy. Don't know what good thing when you got to cool and do your their bill waters in Pat Quinn and the Ken Dryden you had a good thing going there It was a little bit too good a start tinkering around tinkering around sticking up the joint Wendell Clark Darcy Tucker all these old hacks screw up our great team That'll teach you straight away my boy steve you saw them in the mic Johnson you bastard you Only time in history before the game actually starts already down too nothing. That's how bad they are lately Eight minutes after one in five sixty WQM Hey chap with nose the scores Learning you can sell the last key in week night. Oh, we on sports ring you five six me two eight out one A lonely pop little boy I No, stop Finance full number I got off that plane at the shopping in front to sit your money away I thought design as well because of bubbles and rules and doing the fence with routine Actually I tried getting hard to sparkle And they would just let people But I did not get in trouble So I'm just like the job on those why Some gentle videos like who wants to live up my life with special favor After all my husband's brother We'll soon be your day I like so I buy anything I need and just want things more I would be just risky family When I get back One thirteen at five sixty QM one is this much I'm getting all over myself and your boy This is a blue is that what is in the gloves? Oh from the glove Is it like powdery now Anyway, here's a fact eight million of these of course have been sent out. Oh, I'm gonna see even got the awards of the songs that we were fine by the FCC They have a catered Florida family association right through one of our sponsors this form letter June 17 1999 I'm writing to you this letter because your company advertises on the Roger show WQM five sixty a major station mining Florida Which broadcast sexually explicit programs involving bondage homosexuality etc I'm in close to transcript in the sample cassette recording of some of the new Roger show etc And I hope you'll agree that he or I just a sexually explicit program on QM is an inappropriate form to promote your company's products and good name Please call our right us to let us know if you plan to continue to advertise during the new Roger show on WQM I look forward to your response so I can share your company's position with our constituency sincerely David E. Kate and President of the Florida. What is it the FF the fist what is that association? Here's the response from this business man by the way. It says have the little one change the radio dial and make sure he doesn't find your guns Nice gunners sir. God bless you. That's what that's the response they get from all of our sponsors, but they keep plugging away And the FCC is Tom Jakob points out into their infinite wisdom Turning the clock back a hundred years never coming into the twenty first century and they never came into the twenty. It's why should they come into this one Oh, yeah everything. We got these dirty things that you're playing and you're saying the ff you F you C C 560 pound five 60 on the 18 T wireless. We got some open lines here today. It's been a real battle the first day back. That's where it always is a real struggle Here's Kendall. Hello You're sir. Welcome back. Thank you. Have ever been to Amsterdam, but I'm planning to go this year Okay, looking forward to it. There's a really neat McDonald's there. Oh, thank you not censorship. This is me off Yeah, but I'd add down. Nobody else gives a crap about it. Not as odd as they don't care. I'd be hoping it fight against that with that self-park movie Have you seen it yet? No, but I'll tell you that it's the gigantic over there in Amsterdam. What a you. You got to see it just with the district kick Okay, and listen to the best other clips from it. It's it's worth it. Not too long My name is me. I've got the foulest my guy kicked from all over the place. You know, every you know black life whatever And they had the foulest mouths 860 12 every you know these kids are crushing like many acts Are you fucking kidding me? You know, you know, you're getting it from but the same time there has to be some kind of in between with parents But what difference does it make where they're getting from does anybody here. We got two or high school kids got killed in column buying out there over the weekend Two more kids got shot and kills and people are worried about words Yeah, and then they found out also this weekend that the two two lunatics Harrison Creeple that they had a thousand times the above the bombs and all the stuff that they had was unbelievable Collated blow the whole school up. Yeah, the gasoline and that's a little bit of a little bit of a word Yeah, kids are going to get heard by words and via descriptions of excritory activity And I was the way it's done for me, but I you know the kids shouldn't be screaming around and there should be some kind of at that age at least But yeah, it's about three or four Well between maybe six ten, you know whatever they are running around out there screwing up Okay, let me ask you also anybody see the the mad Damon movie Mr. Ripley. No, sure. Okay, Neil Have you had any dealings with Marilyn? No, I've got a guy's name and phone number for you that I really trust and had done very well with if you'd like to put me off the year I'll give the George Thanks a minute. Hang on Okay, and online six add his a Maryland sky to our list there. We got a growing list The old Johnny Carson TV show who do you trust? I don't know. I don't know when you deal with your whole life savings. Who do you a he's online six? Who do you handed over to and say okay, just don't lose too much of it try to make me a few bucks. I'm not looking for 25 30 40 percent I don't have a realistic expectations at this stage of my goddamn life. I'd be happy with 10 percent Ten thinking for a set Just don't lose it And I got a guy a schmuck Five six to Oh man I'd like to take a meetax and just go into his office this afternoon and just you know no physical harm to him yet not yet I think another 20,000 I think that'll do it Here's sunrise. Hello Yes sir. Welcome back. Thank you I'd like to talk about radio for a minute. Tell me the BFCC and anyone's responsible for deregulating the radio Yes, they are another market and some of you is obviously this market with a few things clear channel You aware of what's happened over the last couple of months with WJ and all Sure, sure They're everything they touch they destroy they're like it's like a search and destroy mission that they're on everything they touch they turn into They make advantage whatever whatever you like that goes away exactly and the only good thing that's come out of it is that when you're listening to the Henry at night, you can't pick it up on that abomination 940 at least you can go to 1040 and hear it clearly That's the only thing but just it is evidence by all the simultaneous I mean 940 1040 4 5 times during the day the same program is going to it's ridiculous credible And this is the FCC's idea. Well, it's like all these mega mergers that are going on you know This is the same government that's all pissed off with Bill Gates the same government that talks anti trust this anti trust that But in the meantime, there's like I said this before one of the casinins. We won't work now 20 companies are going to own the whole world You know, the 50 years he's to think that trying to break up my stuff was a good thing but you realize how many jobs that that one man has created Yeah, he's created an industry that's just made this economy boom, but I'm not buying windows 2000 I mean, you know rush out to get it. I mean now one other thing I wanted to make it like windows 95 and we're going to have a story is at 95 or 90 which I was the big one they ran after and then I came with sort of any come back even though it's a bit He's five there were send taxes where they put them on cell first. They were standing in line and midnight to buy them I've been in a trucky about this for a long time way way back when an animal came out the book and you got some negative feedback from some of your listeners There's some things in that book that I just thought you might like to know about that are kind of ironic Relative to you and that is that First of all time a Sarah does live in this area He's a resident and there's a passage in the book where a described as a Santa Bollector flying back to the United States from overseas Yeah, and he's disguised as a Canadian tourist and he's wearing a hockey jersey and the team is the Maple Leaf The other thing is there's a passage from his book. Yeah, where he talks about Things that you mentioned in coming your shows The notion in the back Relative to God and man and it basically says that Lecture hadn't been bothered by any considerations of deity other than to recognize how his own modest predation pale beside those of God who is an irony matchlist and in one can malice beyond measure And I just thought that maybe you know what they're saying the Chinese buffet is to he's in one ton malice Maybe in common characters of his a list because that's why I genuinely approached my attack it. Okay, let's have a great day. You too God bless us 560560 nice tongue action there Well, what do you think they call him dick 5605 so we can't say dick on the answer. We can't say dick. We can say at least other words Let's start you know laying it right out there on the line for you and let you know what we can say what we can't say in the land of the free free my ass free my big fat F and ass What no then that was that was a plea from what that's a plea free my F and ass free from the FCC From a bunch of censoring dotoring old assholes that won't let us speak and entertain like adults everything We do has to be geared toward little children all the children might hear it the children might see it I'm guarantee I just like that channel 10 nothing that they're promoting the hot because it sweeps week That your kids are watching more stuff on the internet right now than they're ever gonna hear on the radio Here's Del Ray Beach, hello Del Ray Beach hello Neil yes, sir. Yeah, I'd like to talk to you about still show or what once was still show are you sure? Yeah, yeah I'm sure You know I used to listen to it from nine to ten, you know before you came on I never miss your show Right, of course and and I swear for three days in a row I heard the same hours the same hour that was on the day before they had it on three days in a row Oh brother not not now this you know I've heard you talk about bolder I never knew he could be such an asshole Yeah You know It's like you know how can you how can you mess up a wet dream, but he did yeah, you know and I want to tell you something about the stock market I don't know much about it Let's win interest rates or start in the creep up just a little bit. Yeah, you should get out You should get out and and put your money somewhere and then when they start to come back under a mattress under a mattress Very in the back row. That was up a hundred and twelve point How does that sound 70? Well, we don't care about it. Let's pick people because I'm having it that But it's not insensitive, but I don't care But if you watch the market now because interest rates are starting to go up a little. Yeah, I mean it'll spike up and down But over over the period of time where you interest rates are going up that'll be level yeah, and if you want to be safe with your money Just just put it in like an index 500 fund Didn't invest in everything and I'll I'll find the safe something about to John rocker thing All that hurt about his John rocker John rocker. He's a bad guy. What about Ray Lewis? What about careers? Ray to Ruth yeah, these people Rover people right you don't hear Jackson saying anything about them right all you hear is about John rocker John rocker John rocker He can anybody He just spoke his mind and he's been pastigated for that. He's been castrated for a right. Yeah I got one other thing he can pitch on my team anytime he wants I got one other thing to say to all the black people out there Yes You're listening to one of the most liberal minded people that ever live near Rogers right I heard you change night change I'm a little emotional about this and I've changed over to past year myself Yeah, and what you what you black people on top and you black you black you black darkies out there You alien people like me and Neil Rogers. Yeah, you've lost everything You've lost everything you lost I love until the next step is race for buddy and it's been a come to that It's gonna come to that. I hate to say if I'm so past all of his is Saturday morning show is gonna be having that race where show the Saturday Yeah, okay, come down. Hey one more thing. Yeah, like no I'd be a yes. Yes. Your doctor's brought this on you by taking your ball bladder out and loading up with antibiotics My ball bladder has been out for nine or ten years. Yeah, but you can't they just sat right? So I'm gonna blow bladder. Sure you're right Let me let me say it again because I didn't mention it today the book I believe this. It's like my Bible now 20 and 30 fatten fiber diet plan by Gabe working and Barry Fox. It's a paperback yellow cover Trust me. I'll tell you low fat high fiber. It's a miracle. Yeah, well my Bible is his own and I know you're not not for me Well, you should sit on a reading him That's what kind of hat you tell you to eat or good stuff now. Which is a kind you got to have no have a great day All right, bye. How about five six seven. What do you say about those darkies something like that? No, it's true. I it's a fight that I'm losing. I'm losing my battle and especially as much as I love Amsterdam And I will live there someday hopefully very soon, but it's just the thing with the the rosh the people with the drugs and I mean Doesn't phase me in the least they're all those shops. It's fun watching the young people go in there The the smart shop there with the mushrooms and the urbana and weed and all the cafe Doesn't phase me. I'm not interested in it doesn't appeal to me, but it doesn't follow me one way or the other it has no influence in my life But the scumbag these slime balls these seeding rotesks smelly Smurmy subhuman cretons Wandering up and down the streets there go crack or run why not why not? I'm not interested man get lost take a hike get a brain Anybody can look at you and see you're not a crack user 26 after one at five 60. Yeah, I look like a real coke guy. I don't know Yeah, but it's big puppet hanging out I want to gain three pounds by the way. I'm pretty proud of myself That's not bad after all that they lost. I'm still under one 90 on my friendly skill. I'm gonna start it about that 26 after one at five 60 the wqm Yummy Now it'sboom Chin it hit the tr越 and the zip No There you go, there you go! Just play out when I cook style. Do you dare to be? I'm a tennis ball. You're a tennis ball. I don't try to throw this. You go. I got that. I'm so too far away. You're a super star. You're a joker. I'm a hockey ball in the game. I'm a cram with a taxi. Do you prefer to stand too far down to a roll? You lose that as you cook away. And then the husband's stop only feels the mayo getting around the kitchen of brains. The ninety-seven is nine. Don't don't get old either. He's all looking bad now. I bet they can't relax. Tom, I bet he's... I fell down to zero. You'll be sexy to people. Tom, baby, baby. So, you're the cram with a cheese. Oh, baby. Shiny little, smelly little, smelly little. What pretty to a five-sixy-one? Five-six-seven-05-60. You know that guy's a bank? What a go-out there. Break that fucking guy's neck. Yeah, I think I'm going to work on that this afternoon. I'm going to take Luca Bracci. And some of you sent you. He'd be good over there. Here's a call from Boulder, Junction was... Five-six-seven-05-60. Pond-five-60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Open line on the other town line. Eight-seven-seven-seven-seven-seven-eight-five-sixty-three-45. Here's my any, hello. My any? Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hi, welcome back. Thank you. I was calling because I heard you talking a little while ago about how you had gone to some discomfort with your stomach problems. Yeah. I had a prodigier at that. I was just saying it's called Nature Simple Solutions. It's a rectal, purerizing lotion. The rectal, the utilizing lotion. Yes. Well, my suggestion is... Take it out of the car. Five-six-seven-05-60. Pond-five-60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Pompano, hello. Pompano. Yeah, hello. Well, why is everybody so slow today? Is it me or am I? I had a you guys or you just slow? Yes, sir. Yeah, this is pretty from Pompano. Yeah, okay, Pooie. Go Pompano. Five-six-seven-05-60. Pond-five-60 on the AT&T Line. Out of timeline 87-7785-6345. Absolutely amazing. Here's Vokah, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm hate to break the news to you, but nobody gives a flying shmit about how much money you've lost. Yeah. And next time you come back from Amsterdam. Uh-huh. See, it's really interesting with the tone and the voice and the hostility. But the fact is that you're listening. And if nobody cared about it, we wouldn't have had abominion people already calling it off the ear. With names of a brokers and all that investment advisors and so on. So if you all care, my suggestion is listen to something else you're finding a life, but you're not going to do either one. You're not going to be doing either one. You're boring, you're ponderous, you're depressing. 87-77-785-6345. That's it. And then this is soft for it. Maybe we got so many people just like that. Welcome home. Yeah, welcome home. That's right. Make sure that you know that you're home. If you're not interested in what I'm talking about, if nobody in the world cares, then nobody will listen. I'm looking here at the numbers. We had a bad book. We're still by a very wide margin, by the way. Number one, men 25-54. Because our target demographic was anybody else on the station. Number one in their demo? No. No, they were not. Even though we were going in two different directions since it was the dolphin book, the fall book, the football book, all whatever you want. But nevertheless, was anybody else on this radio station? Number one in their demo and any demo in their time slot? No. In fact, in men 25-54, is it interesting? How the station overall was number four? Now, we did our part with a 7.4 share, which means probably about an eight between ten and two. We did our part to lift up the overall number for the station. So, everybody could make that second-air bonus. We got for the whole station number. Did we make it? No. So, maybe there are other things that nobody's interested in hearing about. Okay, sir. Like Danny, this and Danny, that and Jimmy, this and Jimmy, that's Danny, Danny, Danny, Danny. Like maybe people don't give a crap about that. Unless they have no lines. Unless they're very, very narrow people. Here's sunrise. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'm honored to follow such a great many winners there. I've got a lot of winners calling you today. But I was spurred to call because I've been over to Amsterdam twice. And in the past year, I was actually over there from Millennium. And you're right about what you say. There are people over there are quite different. And here, no one's uptight. They think Americans are a bunch of uptight assholes. That's what I quote. Anyway, it's a great city. And actually, my friend's moving over there. He's selling fun. I don't know if he's selling well, but he's found some hot Amsterdam bay. And I just went in the woods. You stay where you go over there. Yeah, I'll tell. I know, tell. Yeah. We stayed the hiltman a pile of one. How's it going? It's important. The hiltman's in a pile of one. No. Have you stayed there now? Yeah. It's, uh, in your way to about the guys on the bridge and the red light district. All the guys selling the heroin in the coke can access to supposedly. Very sad. Very very very sad. And I'm getting worse by the minute. Yeah. It's amazing. But what's really amazing over there is everything being legal or, you know, supposedly. But it's not legal. Cocaine is not legal. Hero one is certainly not legal. The whole drug's not legal. But, you know, everything else is everyone is drinking. A lot of people are drinking in party and, uh, you know, touch people are drinking quite a bit. If you don't see too much violence over there. Don't see any violence. I don't see. I mean, we wrote it from a winning and, uh, you know, it was obviously packed. And there was hours and hours of fireworks going off. A bunch of people love their fireworks. And I didn't see one incident, which is amazing. I mean, you go to, uh, you go to a dolphin game. You go to a, like, a sporting event here. You see, then, you know, in one quarter. So, but that's how you get it. They say this for their soccer games. Okay. Have a great day. Hey, you know. Fabulous. I'll tell you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pump 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line, 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5. Yeah. Next time you come back from Amsterdam. And nobody cares about how much money you're lost. And by the way, and put your listening. Don't you understand, sir, that if there's anybody out there in the audience to recognize as your voice, they're thinking of themselves. He's an asshole. Oh, God. You're making a conscious choice. Not a way to listen, but for the umteam familiar time to call and give me a lecture. Do I have a flying interest in your lecture? Does anybody else in a world care? No. No. And what time is your show on, by the way, sir? With all your interesting material, all your great subject matter. Which I had a facts about the days that I was gone and saying that George was fine, but the callers were grotesque. So, evidently, even you've chased away those handful of pseudo-inlectual callers that you had once a part of time, allegedly. What do you mean? What do you mean? Because, uh, Andrew, there's a gentleman. No, well, you're very uptight about that because Andy Moss, that asshole, called and said it that day that, you know, you bring out those, those bright colors. I'd settle for some pseudo-inlectual. Hey, I'd settle for some living and breeding people as what I'd settle for. We've had a few. Uh, don't want to overdo it on the first day bank. Next time I come back from Amsterdam, I'm going to go to the Chinese buffet. Yeah, I'm going to go. So, how do you do it? Well, do a remote there. I'm going to show you how you would tack it. Or we can go to McDonald's and just have a big Mac attack. How's that sound? Hey, just sneak up on it and then you're putting your mouth in your chop on it and the sandwich too. And then, of course, grand losses. Okay, I seen enough. Do you come at it from behind? No comment. 560560, pon 560 on the AT&T wireless line. I got my strategy used to keep yours. And then, Joe Costello's got his. I love this piece of copy. It's obvious, you know, he's always telling somebody's leaving, you know, when they don't service their accounts. Wake up. With the first beef, Joe Rogan, Jeff DeFar, since he go see, we've been hoarding six homeless on 4th radio, 560, QAF, you got. Hello? Unlowered in May. And I'm Bill, can I? Chairman of that, she said. We're here to thank all of you for not paying attention to anything we do. I'd like to thank you Mr. May for all of the women. I've had my shower horse, but you outdid yourself by sending my eye a carry. My pleasure, Bill. Oh, and that bottle of wine. Yes, left on my car. Don't mention it, Bill. Why without your help? Clear channel corporation. You didn't have a simulated, average radio station in the country. Now, why not tell everyone the exciting news about the new FCC. It's kind of hard this way. You can take your tongue out now. Oh, well, from this point on, the communications act of 1936 is no longer valid. And the federal communications commission will now be known as Friends of Clear Channel. But you still can't say, do do all the air. Right, Bill, whatever you say, Mr. May. Say, how about another one and then satellites? Certainly. And say hi to Willie. What, your mouth, boy? Okay. It's 144 or 550 WQA in 560, 750 or 550, Pond 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, sir. I have a gun. Great. Listen, it's funny, first of all, that a guy would call you talking about his racial holy war. And, you know, a homosexual Jewish guy is going to be selling that high on the alien nations. Most one I'd list is far as newer groups are going to go. Anyway, listen, it's also funny that you should be talking about Sweden. And it's a country, you know, where if you just turn around and, you know, you were just at somewhere I think that was the last three year, then we are in most regards. Yes. And even if you turn on media for Mike, a country like say Spain, you know, I mean, they sure cut an awful lot in Spanish. Well, lots of new to the eight nine o'clock and I ran over the channels all kinds of nudity and poor know what I want. Whatever you want to see, it's there. Right on. So I'm not quite about the human body and they're not living in the stone age. My question is, I mean, is more advanced and more, you know, free country gets, you know, more restricted and, and I mean, does it protect the rights not to be violated more than it protects the rights to be, you know, free to say whatever you want to say. Well, what does that mean? Well, yeah, what kind of a convoluted questions? Well, what are you getting at? It means that I think more people are being heard protecting freedom of speech than there are just going ahead and letting people say whatever they want to say on the air. Well, how are they protecting freedom of speech by not letting us say what we want to say? Have a great day, sir. Call me back when you can express yourself. Wow. Was that Al Kelly? Uh-huh. Had to be. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Yes, sir. I know. That guy confused me there. He don't have any idea what he's talking about. Hi, hello, I don't think so. Welcome home. Just curious. I know you're in the quiet period. But, uh, Hank seems to be able to talk about it all he wants to. He's been about 15 minutes talking about it. Why is that? I got a memo right here from the from the beasley's that we're not allowed to talk about it. I know, under the penalty of death. Well, they didn't come out saying that it was the beasley's beasley's. Like, oh, yeah, it's going on in here and whatever, hang on to the show and talk to him when he comes on. And, uh, the first 15 minutes that he showed yesterday, they were, uh, Cameron about how he loses money on it already. Well, let me, let me just because it doesn't say not to broadcast. Let me just read you one thing. It's is during this time of the, well, this quiet period continues for a period of 25 days from yesterday's pricing. This is dated February the 11th, okay. Oh, that means into Mars. So, evidently either Hank didn't get a copy of this or he didn't read it or just doesn't give a flying crap. But that's up to him and you will discuss it with him. Five six and didn't I warn everybody in his building? Don't do it. Did I say that? Did you do it? No, I think we're the only two. Yeah, we good. So, at least there's one thing I made a good financial choice. Now, if I can just take care of that to you guy, five six seven, five, six, nine, five, six, the only here is the greatest facts perhaps in the history of the facts machine. From Ken and Miami Lakes, it says, Hi, Neil, welcome back. Hope your trip was relaxing and enjoyable. Too bad you had to come back to this place. Why? Here comes the capper. Why do you roll way? Nothing happened. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. All right, Ken, nice going. We are. Yeah, why do you roll way? Nothing happened. And of course that's obvious. And I always make the same mistake. I go away for a long weekend. I go away on vacation for an out of ten days in a comeback. And like, you know, something monumental, something spectacular happened. Besides there's all the obwellas. I reached into Aliens, pantalones, and the whipped his little ginger out, finger, whatever it is. I mean, how could anybody, how crude, how low, what kind of scum do you have to be? To be biting a little kid on the tongue, to be biting anybody on the tongue for that. My or less they want to be bitten on the tongue. Are you sure was the tongue that they did? Maybe it started. They didn't hit it backwards. Yeah, maybe they just wanted to see if his tongue got any bigger. And they bit on his. Yeah, maybe that was what it was. Maybe that's called a Cuban circumcision. Yeah, that's the way they do it. Sure. And then of course you do realize now that the family priest is going to have to come in and check for teeth marks. Oh, absolutely. Father Jose, can you see what they did to me? Oh, man. I mean, this is, we're talking about supposedly seen intelligent people here. Adults. And what they did, they haven't seen him for two months. And they came over here to try to bring him back to daddy. It is wonderful rescue. One way or the other, they're fighting back and forth. These trashy scummy low life tent world people who surrounded themselves on both sides with the worst scumbag politicians in the history of mankind. They all deserve each other. They should rot in hell. Rams with Mario. And what do they do? They get alone in a room. And you wonder why the nun was hanging outside? And when she spoke out again, I mean why the kid was all disturbed after were yeah. And I got news for it wasn't just the cell phones you reached dinner and grab is what I'm hearing. And put back in its proper slot. Crazy people. This absolutely crazy. You're a people by the way, every time you, that's the question you're a people. You're a people. Woo! I mean, from the Stone Age. Let's get that juice lady to call back and answer her ticket. Hey, I got news for her. I'll take 50,000 of her. At least she ain't gonna pull down my zipper and check my ****. And you got to take it by the way sweetheart. It's still just as small as it was before the trip. Only a lot more used. 10, 4, 2, 5, 60, W, Q, and... The criminalized pot in Florida. Just one member won a cigarette and goes memory loss. And Palinolia, just one joint. We will drive you to magnet. It will make you look out your eyeballs just to see what's under the dresser. The world as you know it will cease to exist. You will live in alternate realities like being traveled to death by fat in serious Jamaican winning. In fact, some of the studies I've shown that marijuana causes polio. It will make your balls dribble up into tiny little BBs. Smoking marijuana will make you die. Really? We've got to believe this. We have to say things like that. Oh, and the sex is bad too. This message made for by the factors against the American. Okay, 15, 4, 5, 60, Q, and we've got to hang in the studio to a clock. He'll be talking about that thing we can't talk about a couple of hours. And then we got the booster with six o'clock. And I'd bake fat boogs, y'all. Gotta be in here with his little Chris. What's his name? What was your name? I can you believe that for just a second. I had a brain fart. I forgot what Chris Moore on the name was. We just crisp more blow up doll and then 10 o'clock. We got any cappling. So let's see. Four tens is six, twelve and six, seven, and extrapolating things here. Okay. Yeah, we had a four. We did a better in December. If we were to take in the October out of that full book, we'd have been just a okay. But the bottom line is, then 25, 54. Oh, the bonus. Even if that bone hadn't broken, it doesn't care if anybody cares if we made the bone. Oh, we care. We got it new, don't. I was in the hospital and probably my bonus for the book. I'll be more than next month. Make it all year or so. To you, okay. Loser. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes, man. Yeah, hi. I do think number one, stop is very simple. You buy loads so high. Yeah. That's all you need to know, uh-huh. Yeah, hold on to me. Tell me, uh, go back up and you sell them. They say, hello, just hold on to them. Yeah, you already said they are. Okay. Number two, uh, the reason you're supposed, uh, unhappy is because, uh, uh, they should all be effortlessly. And there's too many damn people here and we're all congested. Who said I'm unhappy? Well, you're passionate. I guess it's the same thing. Passing it is the same as unhappy. Yeah, very much. Okay. Well, I'll go out and hug some entities for you. She must know Carl Heisen. 560560, 560 on the AT&T wireless lines. Still got to a four-minute stick kill here today. And boy, kill is the operative word. Here's four-laterdale. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes. Uh, Ken in Miami Lakes was right. Nothing new happened while you're gone until a half an hour ago. Yeah. Which is the reason for my call. Okay. Get your fart part ready. You're gonna need it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Exactly. Neil, I've been wanting to lose some weight. You farted? Well, no. Here's a billet in this gentleman just farting. Big news in South Florida. No, Neil. It was much worse than that. It was like your auto accident that you had. I needed to lose some weight. I don't even need to. I can't do atkins. So I decided to do it. I was my pan. Exactly. Oh, my God. See, evidence is right now in a nation's bank bathroom. Perfect. A great spot for a man. I know there's some at a nation's bank. I don't think they were a little name. Yeah, how'd you go to pee sometime? You pee too hard. Right. That's right. That's right. Oh, and that's what happened to you? Right out the back. Oh boy. Well, if I wanted to share that and on a flight. Yeah, powerful and rain, rain, powerful. I know this remember has been saying that during the games too, by the way speaking of us doing my material, but at least he's awake when he says that. Okay. Nice going, sir. Thanks. Okay. There's got a little bit of a problem. Like I said, that's something we all share in common, but the federal government in agency appointed agency, but the old farts have sat up there and decided, oh, we can't talk about that. That's disgusting. It's a vulgar. Face, face down what? And how do you draw a line at what aspect of it is vulgar? And what is not? Is diarrhea vulgar? And constipation is not? Is bloody oozing diarrhea like what's his name? Roll. What's the half? Oh, by the way, won't see him no more. How about golf tournament come on? See, I noticed that as we move farther and farther away from back September 24th, that seemed to be like a defining moment of a negative to a kind of a moment in the history of our existence on this radio station. September 24th was the famous OJ golf tournament. And then just mysteriously in October, we took out a bath. We had a month, that month, and there were trends that was unbelievable. Like the whole audience just ran shrieking away. I can't imagine why. What kind of mind is being that one guy? Remember he called? He said, I think everybody should turn the show off because remember that? And I said, in other words, they should punish me because I worked for a bunch of dishonest grave robbers who have no principal and no scruples. And he said, yeah, I said, okay. Here's a mobile info hokey, hello. Hey, how are you doing? I'm great. I'm glad I caught that. I hate to be like people who are always asked you to repeat something, but the name of that book that he uses your viable mouse far as food goes. Fat and fiber, the 2030 diet plan. You can't miss it because it's a paperback and it's got like a counter with a chain attached to the upper left hand corner of the book. Fat and fiber, the 2030 what? Diet plan by gate and working in my RKIN and very fox. That's not how he uses it. Something to do with like a terminal hard running in the suggestions. That can be part of it, sure. Man, that's killing me. Every chance he's in the harbor. But anyway, listen, I'm glad you're back. It's been a great show. Thanks. Have a great day. So there you go. December actually became an OK, which means, you know, the next trend, which doesn't come out to the march to something, isn't it interesting and mysterious, by the way, that Arbor trying to save it, he's probably trying to push the trees and the transvect. There was that thing with 8,000 diaries that they found in the...