reflect those of WGQAM, easily read acquisition or the FreeSuite broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers, a sports radio 5.62.8. We need some help. We're not good. We know that five of us are not going bad. And I have to promise me that you did. Now, if a thousand set of you didn't pick stuff away from the food, I have a fear. Now, if we please, Johnny and the kids are going to die of the five weeks I got a 10-year liquid chair in his yoke. Oh, oh, baby. Oh, right. Oh, for not a spirit. Now, let's say the chair is a secret. Who's a secret? Oh, baby. Johnny and the family are in the business for Xi Jinping. Hey, baby. Say, hey, hey, hey. Say, hey, hey. Say, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Say, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Say, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Say, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. I have to tell Martha. I know. Cut your hands off of Jesus' men. Keep對吧, by crowing the expertise. Dear The family and families around the 133 outbreak. the race. The match is 179. Don't come cattle either. She's your looking find out. I may be cattle that. Oh baby. I smell all the theory of defense. Oh baby baby. Oh baby. Oh baby. Oh baby. Oh baby. Shiny little. Okay. I don't want to put you on a spot where it off the bat this morning but why the hell not? Okay. Who's better? Beach boys or the guess who? The guess who? Oh thank god. Thank god we got off to a good start this morning. When agreement on that. Bad news by the way. Hey to start with a sour note. Some dead people. It's going around to bitch. God works in the serious ways. Every now and then he reaches that with that ugly finger and I wish he trimmed those nails by the way. People are starting to talk. Reach is not what magic finger that I'm taps people on the shoulder it says. It's your time baby. Peter trip. Does anybody in this audience remember Peter trip? Oh. Any of you new yorkers out there? No. Come on. Peter trip the curly headed kid in the third row and WMGM. Oh. He's dead. Peter trip DJ. Gildian. Paola scandal. Peter trip a popular district in New York and late 1950s. A career peak when he stayed away from more than eight days as a stunt. But later plunged when he was convicted of accepting thousands of dollars in payola has died in Northridge, California. He was 73. Trips career was in Delably, Tarnished by the 1960 payola scandal, which the better known Alan Fried and several other disjockeys and radio station employees were in data non charges of accepting money for record companies and exchange for playing their records. He back at those days they give money instead of like coke. Yeah. Trip attracted just as much national attention though for his sleepless promotion gimmick for WMGM in 1959. He spent 211 hours in ten minutes away much of it sitting in a glass booth in Times Square, spinning records and bantering it with microphone three hours a day. When tripped again to fall asleep nurses shook him, doctors joked with him, played games with him and gave him tests to take. After a few days he began to hallucinate seeing cobwebs, mice, kittens, and a few more. He was in charge of the $3,000 in payola, which back in those days by the way was a nice piece of change. He was found guilty of commercial bribery, fine $500 given a six month suspended a sentence. Suspended a sentence. Tripped WMGM all the pennyless and lawyer said and bounced around the radio business. Sounds like they were in charge of the $500 and they were in charge of the $500 and they were in charge of the $500 and they were in charge of the $500 and they were in charge of the $500 and lawyer said and bounced around the radio business. Sounds like Johnny Dark to me, you know it. Another one of those radio bounce around kind of deadbeat guys. Tripped WMGM all the pennyless and lawyer said and bounced around the radio business is a journeyman district he taking spots at KYA in San Francisco, KGFJ in Los Angeles and WOHO in Toledo, Ohio. W-H-O-H-O-Trippoos, last year's in West Hills California was married in divorce four times he survived by two sons and two daughters. He's dead. Is there anybody in this audience who remembers? No. No. Kill the couple of minutes with that though. And even worse. And it's interesting he gets a bigger open here. I guess because they figured it was more New Yorkers here. That must be the reason. He gets a bigger open in the paper than the pop singer, Oliver. Oh my God. Only 54 had two hits in the 60s and guess what boys in girls he's dead. God, damn it. First lot of people when they heard those songs they thought he deserved to be dead, even back then. Treeport, Louisiana, William Oliver, Swulford. SWOFF, ORD. A singer who under the stage name Oliver had nineteen sixties hits with a son. I bet you there's more people in this audience member Oliver than Peter Tripp. Yeah. No question. Even you remember Oliver. Sure. Peter Tripp. No. Anyway, head to nineteen sixties hit the songs Good Morning Star Shine and Jean Jean, a more good song. Good morning star shine with like you know upbeat like real bubble gummi, but it was okay. Like one of those bright flower power. One of those really baked. One of those things you'll see on TV all the time and these little infomercial things where the song hits of the sixties and the seventies. Flower power music. It'll be on there. We don't have it here unfortunately. It's a good morning star shine. It was okay. But Jean was kind of like modeling. Jean. Anyway, he's died of cancer. It was only 54. In 1969, Swulfords recording of star shine from the Broadway musical A Hair climbed number three on a pop charts and a ballad Jean reached number two. He toured throughout the nineteen seventies. Then left the music business in the nineteen eighties and worked in the home construction and pharmaceutical industries. Home construction. He was a carpenter. If I were a carpenter, you'd be dead like Karen and Oliver. Swulfords wife Becky said the last time she had me. These stories there, there are no happy endings. With people in show business like Peter Trip, he would lift WMGM all the penniless. And here's pop singer Oliver who wanted to be like a carpenter's helper or something like that. And pharmaceutical industry into was a drug peddler. A pill pusher. Swulfords wife Becky said the last time she heard him sing it was at a church fundraising of at nineteen ninety nine during which he was asked to perform his two hits. Hey Oliver, can you sing a melody of your two hits for us please? He's dead. Good night. He died. And there's another old bit you where that they don't have completed on here. It says keep watching this spot for the official obituary of nine forty stupid talk. Coming very soon. I mean, these ratings the most amazing story is not who did well, but who liked it. Either didn't show it all or right next to it. It's on well, it's mind boggling to us. First of all, very jackass. How come you're not right in any articles, very jackass about as usual being way off base again sweetheart. Promoting on a front page is the mining hero. Once again shows their tremendous power, the cloud of the Harold. Yeah. You can't complain about their cloud because they don't have any mold. Put it on the front page tried to bury us with this W a f n piece of crap with this third burger at nineteen fifty on the radio dial. Whatever it is, which nobody can pick up. They've been on the air. They started to August. They were going to blow this place right off the map. Another all sports station in the town that doesn't know sports from their hands. Okay. August September October November December five solid once. Actually did a little promotion during that time more than we did, which anything would be more than we did. A couple of billboards, crappy billboards, little TV stuff. I mean, you know, a little attempt here and there. Have they shown one? Anything. One Iota. In any demographic in any trend in any of those five months. No. One diary. No. No. Do you only people who listen to Waffin are the people that sports. There's we've told you this before that's a truth of work on a station. Running around saying, oh yeah, those two Jews they got midday. Those guys are very, very funny and entertaining. And at that the sports are from Channel for Jim Berry. He's really funny. There is nobody listening that radio station. I think they'd be next month replacements for you once we talk. Right. But the thing that's really staggering in this rating book. I mean, it's just unbelievable. That nine forty thing keeps amazing me. I checked out persons 25 to 54, which is men and women 25, 54. That's the target demo of a station like that. In the morning, our good close personal friends, suds and Moziado and same on Rick. A. A. Point two. That's six to 10 AM, which even includes the first hour of bills. Are you sure? Yeah. Jammets. Yeah. Point two. With 50,000 watts. Why not doing this break. Stop and figure out what you were calculated with your advocates out there. What, how much per watt is a zero point two? How many watts do they have to pump up to reach one person? It's unbelievable. It's a tiered jerking. We're jerking it. Ten minutes after ten at five sixty wqs. No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of wqa mbqe's acquisition court. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. The Bible. If you like the book, you'll love the board game. Introducing Go to Hell from Milton Bradley. The board game that tests your faith in God while challenging your knowledge of biblical court. Okay. Everybody ready? Yeah. Alright. First question. The meek's will inherit the blame. Why were? Mealtradord ball deck. The meek's will inherit the earth. Why? You look ahead five faces. You other guy go to hell. Go to hell. The exciting game where you win by forming a deep personal relationship with God before the timer runs out. Okay. On the seventh day, God did what? A go. You went to one of those on you's unique branch places. I need to sign it around. Wrong. All of you go to hell. He was a good book. But now it's a great game. Go to hell. The biblical board game from Milton Bradley. And speaking of that, I wonder how God attacked the brunch. Well, those are the good brunch places. Fine. Oh, that'll always work for me. I thought maybe just unleash some of those wasps. Or maybe some, uh, gooks. Anyway, 10 16 is 5 60 WCOM. Speaking of radio, let's take a call or two. Make sure our phones isn't working today because they're going to have a heavy plate here today. Big heavy duty plate. Here's for a lot of deal. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing, buddy? Great. Happy Wednesday. You too. I got a couple issues. I want to discuss with you. I don't like y'all the guests who, but I don't like you too. I've got a couple issues I want to discuss with you. Yes. First off, I don't know about your opinion, but mine. I'm sick of dirt. These people and the newspapers and the media going, going crazy over this dirt. I mean, the guy died during time as he died. Yeah. He went, I mean, they had to be a saint. I don't know if you know this. This guy has seven kids in three different states. Right. He's no saint. No, in fact, there's a whores. It was at any of the pulper. Some of the one of the jackass sportswriters wrote this morning a whole emotional article. Uh huh. Greg Coatford was Greg Coatford. That's the biggest about that. Well, he wasn't perfect, but I beat. But I'm in and you can understand what I had this big ceremony was like, I don't understand. He was a football player, you know? Yeah. He was a football player. I mean, he was, he was less of a scumbag than a lot of others and more of us come back than many others. But he was a scumbag. He was a scumbag. He was a scumbag. He was a scumbag. No, no matter how you look at it, the guy. Yeah, but he, but he's no, he's Vanderholly, Moli field, although he couldn't match him. Oh, he only has seven keys on. I've got seven kids. He Vander's got like how many, nineteen and twenty-eight different states? I've got just five different women and twenty-six more buyers but his wife. And then he was speeding driving like a maniac. Right. That part of it is too also. I mean, come on. It's the guy caught a moment thing. I feel bad, but he caught a minute. You know, we're seepals. Don't drive like an idiot. You're not, you're going to be very depressed when you find out that Josie Lambi to make an excuses for Cecil Collins in his column in the Sun Sentinel this morning. I don't want to read it because I'll throw up all over. His defense team is turning up info to back up its claim that the diesel end is neighbor accusing him of burglarizing your place. May have been romantically involved before he was mad. Then a neighbor accuses uh, says Collins and Tina Nothi were that he was in the apartment several times before his arrest alleging that uh, he she didn't know who he was before, but she saw him on TV and he was in there. When Hanky Panky and of course, the lures is it's not true in the audio. I know that of course, they forget Josie Lambi and everybody else forget that Cecil already confessed. TV confessing and that if he wasn't there having sexual Hanky Panky, it's a little bit unusual if five in the morning that you remove the screen window and try to bust into the window, but nevertheless don't confuse them with the fact he was just looking around. Yeah. Another thing this is probably unrelated, but I'm just curious. I keep seeing when I get off the axis on 95. Yeah. They're bomb. They're basically up on. They're homeless people. They say uh, Harold homeless for the hair or hell for the homeless. They lie me hurled for the homeless. What is the hurled guy to do with the homeless? I'm asking you to warn these orange shirts. Yeah. They might have me hurled for the homeless and they got some rinky dink newspaper, not the regular Harold, but some others thing. I don't even know what that. Oh, the homeless here. Oh, yeah. But now they have the L-Herald for the Julios. They got the Jewish Herald for the Jews. And now we have the homeless here for the homeless. Is that what it is? Yeah. I don't understand why the Herald would be like, I mean, I'm just, it's just two pages. It just shows all the locations, you know, all the street corners, the intersection to buy an 95 where to go, which ones are available and how much it costs. Give a wide away might have me hurled t-shirt. I don't know. We'll find out what that's all about, because we have a lot of closet listeners at the Harold. Okay. They want me to marry them. They just a lot of guys that used to work at the Harold until they found out they were Jews. Now they put them out on the street. No, these were just old. Not that I'm saying the Harold's anti-Semitic. You understand, but of course they are. I mean, ask you, do you know who Peter Trip was? No, I'm not old enough. No, but it's certainly Oliver. I don't know. I wasn't born in the 50s. I don't know. I don't know. You're believe me. Didn't miss a thing. Have a great day, sir. Later. I'm not saying that makes me feel so good about life. Is that there's some living and breathing people out there, not old farts like me. Like George says, the old man. And of course, he's an old man compared to most of our listening audience. Well, that's true. I was thinking at this morning. I was in the shower. I don't know what made me think this. I'm old enough to be the grandfather of a lot of people listening to this radio show. It's one thing to be the godfather. It's not something to be the, uh, they don't cut. Father and it's something to be the grandfather. Yeah, or your monkey's uncle or your mama. I have a feeling WTMI is going to dump that classical music crap. You know what? And crap is the operative word. I mean, I've gone through a period of my life when I, you know, I listen to classical music. I really can't tell you why. I have a much wider a much broader musical taste than some people. I don't want to mention any names this morning, George. But I have a much broader musical taste and much better musical taste than a lot of people think they know something about music which they don't. But at any rate. And I've had, like I said, those periods when I listen to some of that Mozart and Beethoven and Chopin. But, uh, I don't know. It's like a phase that you go through. And now the, of course, the groupies, they're all often arms because Cox broadcasting has brought up WTMI, allegedly for 125 million. That's what Bluff was saying this morning between Wipe and now you're tears out of his eyes. And the rumor in the building before I get back to TMI and Bob Green and all the other good stuff. The rumor in this building, since I'm going to start rumors about TMI, that Bluffland is going to be the PD at the kiss. The country kiss our country kiss and shot kick in station. Schmidt-Ticken because Bob, what's his name? Okay, took his van, went up to other country station in Philadelphia, where they're losing their ass. I don't think he's got the herpes for it myself. Bluffland's in a pickup truck with a doberman and country music. I just can't picture that scene, you know. I've seen some pretty strange things in my time, but I just can't envision that scene. And that's the rumor and you'll never guess, I don't want to say it was Donny B. And Geldian, a hallway, speculating on this stuff this morning. But guess who they're saying is going to be the PD of QAM, let's Bluff goes over to kiss. Oh, and of course that'll be the day I take a really retirement. I mean, can you even envision that? It's depressing enough seeing this one with a tears in his eyes every morning. Okay, that's depressing enough to start your day. But walking in in the morning and taking a look at that, cheers. Oh, Jesus, God, with that prune face, far through the mind of his, I mean, his guys in Embecile. Why, what are you going to look like that? He's a no talent, no personality in B. So he would know already if you stuck a big fielcule in his rectum and a radio too. God. And they would make him the program director. Well, you know, I mean, we're the choices. How many sports maven did you got in this town? I see, if that happens if Bluff goes over to kiss, which is the format. I mean, Danny's leaving Danny and Jimmy, that's all over. He heard them struggling and desperately groping on his sports shows. They got nothing to talk about. They're talking about Dave Dumb, Rousky and the Marlin pictures this morning. Is anybody interested in that? Oh, nobody gives a flying crap about that. There are three people in the world that care about the goddamn Marlins, including John Henry. He just wants to stay, but he don't give a crap about the Marlins. So there's that would be a perfect time to change the format. No, seriously, that would be a good way to like as a buffer to prevent the other rumor that I'm going to start about TMI from taking place. Because Cox broadcasting the rumor that I'm starting today is, is going to make FM talk out of TMI. Yeah, Bob and Tom and I'm going to be on a midday. Rick and Suds will go back in the afternoon, or they belong, right? And then we'll put, uh, oh, maybe what's your name? Yeah, put her back on there tonight. She and Bob always got along well. Rekindly old W.I. Oh, dude, because certainly if Joe's a gackie comes in here, I mean, that paved the way for my exit immediately. And I'll say, okay, I want to be on FM, a signal that they can actually hear as opposed to, Oh, why am? Which I've told you for years that A.M blows and it does. Speaking to that, out of the way of these ratings, let me see if there's any other A.M stations that really show here like any were up in the top. Because here's the men 2554, which thank God, even in spite of that awful October when for some strange reason, Arbitron couldn't find our audience, but nevertheless in spite of that men 2554 midday. We're number one, dammit! On an A.M station with a signal like, oh, we got a bomb. Like that. Zeta, Todd, XDJ would have salsa crap. I don't believe that. We're sure that those are wired diaries, by the way. You're not pulling anybody who ever owns that piece of crap. Look, I love 94. Russell, I was like I said, oh, he makes me violently ill. I may have to retell the story about today that he enjoy Reynolds took me to dinner at that formerly Italian restaurant there on the Broward Boulevard. Remember those days when you were around that day? I was in town, but trying to, under the, under the phony guys, a total lie by the way, Russell, is that they were starting a goddamn talk network to try to, because I wouldn't, I wouldn't go to them under the original thing they tried to get me to go to dinner. And what they wanted me to do was to sabotage Rick and Sud, so that Joe, I could get on a goddamn afternoon show at that time, which in those days they were on the afternoon. That was the whole purpose of that dinner, which I walked out of about two thirds of the way through. Yeah, they wanted me to go to Bob Green and get Rick and Sud's fire, so Joe, I could get his skinny little town. He was skinny little town on the afternoon and played with his four little groupies on the radio. That's Russell Wases for it. Anyway, getting back to this big smegma. Smegma was dropping by a leeks and by another six months smegma will be history. They can stick that disco music in there. Correcto. Kiss? You know, solids are rocked with that foresharing. They didn't have any summer book that a five point. But there must have been some Schmidt kickers in from out of town for the summertime or something because it's generally about a four pretty consistent. In fact, if I was Bob Green, I'd probably think of putting some like urban country on there on at the TMI. Yeah, so I like some good country music. Blow kisses ass right out of the water. I'm sorry. So I'm forgetting. Good country music. Well, I'm talking relatively speaking. I mean, I don't like country music anymore than you do all I do like Marty Robbins, a white sport coat in the pink carnation like Johnny Cash. Like I said, you're a taste. But then again, after Grandma kept the unzippinous pants when it was old kid, you know, it kind of went to his brains. Only one soft-large radio station has the hammer. Hey hey hey hey hey hey. Hey, hey hey hey hey hey. No, never. Weak the afternoon to two sports radio five sixty Q A M. That's a honey tune, yellow unlawery amazes. and I'm Bill, can I? Chairman of the FCC. We're here to thank all of you for not paying attention to anything we do. I'd like to thank you Mr. Mays for all the women. I've had my shower horse, but you outdid yourself by sending Mariah Carey. My pleasure, Bill. Oh, and that bottle of wine. You left on my car sheet. You don't mention it, Bill. Without your help, clear channel corporation. Couldn't have assimilated every radio station in the country. Now, why not tell everyone the exciting news about the new FCC. That's kind of hard to find. You can take your tongue out now. Oh. Well, from this point on, the Communications Act of 1936 has no longer valid. Oh. And the Federal Communications Commission will now be known as Friends of Clear Channel. But you still can't say, do do all the air. Right, Bill. That's who's saying, Mr. Mays. Hey, how about another one at M-Satellite? Certainly. Oh, say hi to Willie. What, hear about, boy? 1031 at 560WQM. Here's the fact that it's your absolutely right. Jersey, guy. Does suck the, wait a minute. What was that? Jersey, guy. Does suck. But anything that keeps him off the years is a good thing. We'll quick on the trigger finger there. Yeah, Joseph, guy here's a man with no personality, no talent, no knowledge. On the air, he says, doll is here in a goddamn a test pattern. How would you like to have the test pattern on radio? Yeah, it's just like a, um, like a tone like that. Like a 60 cycle tone, like the old Sandy Peyton radio show. So anyway, here's, uh, they're already writing letters to the editor in a hero. They're already whining the little groupies out there. All of them. All two of them. And this is what happened. I said it during this morning. This is the truth. If you like to hear harmonica music, you're entitled to go on. I'm sure that if you find some of those old records through it's like Bruno Records, it got some Johnny Palayo and a harmonica. Some of those old Colombia from the 50s, uh, harmonica, uh, I was going to say CDs, uh, records. Those plastic things that they used to call records, pornographs. I'm sure that you could find those and take them home and listen to them. But don't expect somebody to put it on a radio because first of all, radio as you know is a whole business and number two, you're supposed to be able to make money do it. And number three, there ought to be an audience large enough out there to subsidize whatever crap you're putting on a year. You have to fight a niche. You have to fight a target audience. Kind of like a stupid talk is found. Uh, a point. What's the point? So the idea of a classical music station, especially in a market as sophisticated as this one. I mean, it just is just absolutely unbelievable. And of course, why do I say that? Because you're sophisticated. Does that mean necessarily you like classical music? Oh, and you have your nose up on the ear and you listen to National Public Radio, WLRN. See, that's that's a real, subtle intellectual. If somebody who listens to public radio and WTMI and believe me, all kind of them, they're in the same, they're the same fish and a barrel. You'll find them in the same suitable intellectual barrel. But there knows way up in here, there are all much more intelligent than all of our and much whole year than that, and much better off. Consider them in so long. And they're entitled, like I said, narrow casting. In fact, this smuck, this real punch from TMI, ask God to work. Until tell you what a smuck this guy is. What do you tanger? President of Marlin, brok casting. I told you, is anybody care about anything named Marlin? Oh, even a fish they don't like so much anymore. The baseball team, the radio guy. Oh, no. He says, I'm not a betting man. I've been surprised many times, but if I had a big collection of baits, Tovan CDs, which I do, I wouldn't be betting on what station will do. What a station will do. I have no idea whatsoever what Cox will do with TMI. I surmise they're still trying to figure that out. Are they still trying to figure it out? Yeah. In any case, Tanger said he has a back here's the best part. A backup plan to keep classic musical live, albeit not necessarily on the radio. We're going to continue live classical music on Marlin, broadcast castings, website, www.betovan.com. All right. We believe the future of classical music is on the internet. We've made a conscious decision to be the world's classical music radio station on the internet. What's wrong with that? That's fine. If you want to be the world's harmonicest station on the internet, be my guest. If you want to play Zimfer and plays the hits on his uh uh uh uh uh what is it? The skin flu? If you want to play it, be my guest. On your internet side. Not on some radio frequency that you're taking up. That could be taken up by something that might be entertaining. What is it that you're fighting in there? You didn't find that Oliver thing to do? No, I wish. What is it? Mozart. Oh, we're gonna play classical music. No. So I say we beat Bob Green and our old friends and I would need to the punch. That's right. We're starting to play classical music today. Here on QA. We just had Bluffland. He came in and gave me the memo. It says as effective 1030 this morning, 15 or 16, 2000. WQM announces a format change. All classical. All day. He's your hard-out footage hanger. You piece of direct advice. It's got towards still wanting his money. We give it to him. Come on. He wants the money now. Yeah. Listen to that. We want kind of a person to listen to that. I can tell it was a failure. Yeah. Michael Hutchins really nice. But you know, what's his name in Clockwork Orange? What's that was his name? Alex. Alex. He listened to Rekindstein. I like the movie. He has been a good one. He's a bandie. Lovely. Yeah. Of course he listened to it a little bit too loud there for a while when he was kind of tied up upstairs and his eyes were rolling around his head. He sure did have big eyes. Jimmy's not familiar. And that of course that also wasn't the only thing he had that was pretty big as we saw in a team with us. What was that thing that was hanging down there? And that privilege of snake basil. Yeah. That was basil. Wow. He's got to have someplace to hide him. Ludwig. The end. So I guess we could say that people in the classical music. I mean, you were 10 like whatever you want. And all you a TMI, all the people are going to be crying all 10 years. Here are these letters to the editor. No more WTMI. Please say it's not so. And Tom Jika. Thanks for mentioning my name again. Tom, by the way. Oh God. Even though you are ball and sometimes stupid in behind the time is you're okay in my book Tom talks about the future. It says despite WTMI sale, music's future is secure. That's the headline. And then you read Tom's column and that's not what it says at all unless you talk about on the internet. I don't know what that means. See, this is the amazing thing about newspapers, which usually get it wrong. And that is that the person writes a column or an article, whatever it is. And then some other person writes a headline. And if the headline always match the article. No. And in some cases like this one, it doesn't make any sense at all. Because Tom Jika goes on to say about Cox broadcasting by WTMI, he says broadcast is have to speak carefully during the period between the announcement of a sale and approval from the FCC, which generally takes about three months. However, Bob Green, never a little Bob Green. Hi, I'm a member of our Green. General manager of the South Florida Cox properties did nothing to a swage concerns. I love that word. Am I pronouncing that correctly, by the way? Yes. I know how it's pronounced, but it's just it's one of those words that when you say it doesn't come out the way that it looks. You know what I mean? To dismiss concerns, to suit concerns, to minimize concerns of classical fans. When he issued a statement saying, we will be exploring all. And I tell you, all his emphasis, format options, including classical, determine the course of action that can provide us with optimum ratings. Revenue is in sheer holder return on our investment. Would they minimum of risk? I did those are my emphasis as editor at minimum of risk. You cowardly bastard, you are cost broadcasting. Especially Bob Neal up there in Atlanta. You little poor. I've stepped on better crap than you, Bob Neal. Okay. And I'm not calling you up to wish you happy birthday anymore, because Cox ain't buying this radio station. Have you ever tell you about that? Not how Bob and Cheryl got me on a full net time buddy, or in a half ago, whenever it had it was. I'll be sure and call off in Atlanta, beginning his inside line to call a little Bob Neal up there at Cox Broadcasting. And wish him a happy birthday, because it's got to be like a close to the two years ago. Surely after we started. Remember all the rumors that were flying around every day about time, it was by us. And it was usually Cox Broadcasting was buying power in kiss. And this company was going to force them to buy this radio station. But at any rate, so I called up on Neal and pretended that I wish them a happy birthday. But I beat by the blue butterfly and didn't think it would happen. Oh no. So I'm not going to do it again. Okay, Bob Green, although I'll tell you what, all talk on FM. That's the future of talk radio in America. Look. Look, they'll not be birthday again. It's a, if one. If they make that place all about a million and a half a year, I'll be more than delighted. We got about 3 million and building what off to that. We can bring them no questions asked. Just move right over there. As soon as this station was all pastical, or whatever the new format's going to be. Yeah, I love that. I'll keep that going. We sent Oliver crap any day the week beats the garbage and that she met their plan on power 96 down the hall at boom boom boom boom, that garbage they're playing on her. Oh God, they play crap. They play the worst frickin' user. Man. They don't play just music for pumps. They play music for retarded pumps. I'm power 96. There's anybody in this audience, listen to power 96. Let's see it on the phone. Okay, you got five seconds to dial up. Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty times up. See anybody on the phone? Nobody listens to power 96. Anybody listens to TMI? You got five seconds, five, six, seven, oh five, sixty times up. Anybody who listens to that salsa crap on WXDJ, three seconds. Five, five, five. Wait a minute. WQA on them. Hello. WQA on. Hello. Yes, sir. What's station you listen to, sir? Our 96. Oh my God, I'm so sorry. We'll send you two in the call of cinnamon. We'll send you a pair. Look at that. We had a few people listen to power 96. Rhymes with quizzing that listening right now. No, he's not well. Of course, they're not listening to power 96 right now. But anybody in a rhyme line, listen to that crap when. They'll go on. He's on the air. No way, Jose. Oh, that was Jose. Twenty, four, eleven, five, sixty, WQA. I'm losing it today. I'm just loaded. I'm just full of it. Speaking of being full of it, kill the music, please. We want to play that over Pompano Park spot. Or maybe we do. I don't know, my little little, little flare, little something. You can listen to some music. If you take your heads up there, they take you to the nice table of the dining room on the sixth floor. Take along your little Sony Walkman and place the matel on the Mozart and Matel and the Retarion Beethoven. Yeah, and Bach and Brahms. In fact, get some of those rocks or candies. They're pretty good to those chocolates. And just keep popping in your post and enjoy the classical music while you're losing your ass. Where you fudge back in? Rick Riley stole my retake. Holy. I liked the march in his face. That's what I mean, Dick. Watch him give him the right. Oh, I think his white water bite at up to night. Rick Riley stole my retake. What? What? This race to the human race. Oh, Rick, you're a smuck. Hey, go, Bertsuck. That wheel of meat should also include Rick Riley's butt bump. Oh, Rick Riley stole my retake. I liked the march in his face. No. Rick Riley, you're an asshole. Yeah. I love this show. It's a 1045 and 560 WQM. What ever happened to them, huh? Doesn't it make you feel sick? Very sad. I was just saying, as you watch all of these people, it's kind of like that Peter Trip story, you know. Here he was on top of the world. 50,000 Watts, 10, 50 unadized WMGM in New York. Even as a kid in Canada, with New York, I had my white Emerson radio. And I used to listen to the top, whatever was. Top 30, top, whatever they used to call. Top 40, I guess, count down on WMGM. He used to come in pretty good. And listen to Peter Trip. How do you like that? I'm probably the only person alive in his town who actually listened to Peter Trip. I didn't live in New York. I mean, if you live in New York, that's no big deal. And then all of a sudden, the big scandal suspended a sentence bounces around from one town to another at all these Vomphorque radio stations. Topeka, Albion, Michigan, the Tevi in New York, Geneva, all these other marginal. And then the dies broken penniless. And you just say, what a horrible thought that Rick and Sugs are going to wind up the same way. I need help with a 0.2. And why do they have a 0.2? Because Peter Bolder, how many times have I told you that? The assassination, the man who destroys everything in his wake, the man who's got more than a naked picture. Everybody that he's ever worked for. This guy must have not a drawer of all, he must have a file cabinet full of naked pictures of the Paxons of the queer channel people of David Ross. He's got our pictures of David Ross with a Billy goat. You know what I'm saying? No, no, no, no. God. And still keeps that job. This dry, every life that comes into destroying every career. Even poor Phil Henry. Are you sure? I mean, take a look at that part of that one hour, one, four, 25% of that point two. You take away 25% of that. That's what is that leaf? Eight five percent. It leaves like a, a point one in a point 15. That's like that. Jesus Christ, they don't have 25% to give away. I can just envision today that I'm gonna read a horrible start for the morning and read a thing about how rick and sud got on a um a flat car and they're like a panhandling across America. Maybe they're gonna be in those orange jumpsuits where, in a Harold homelessness, out on the corner keep your eyes out for me in Broward County. For Rick and Sard's out there in a morning instead of being on the air or that point too share. I guarantee now I know that we got people listen to power ninety six that was just a joke even though I mean what choice you got is there any good music station in the town? Of course not. The only choice you got your CDs. But I think it would be a tremendous test if we can find anybody who still listens to Rick and Sard's. You think it's possible? I mean we actually have had people who had admitted listening to that page. And I'll be honest with you that would never admit that. Subgroom members of what's his such a trip guy. Oh yeah. You didn't have a conversation with him did you? Yeah. Oh. Oh. Do you remember screaming Jay Hawkins? Yeah. Dead. No. Yes. I put a spell on you. That in Paris yesterday. Oh no. It's like a guy that an epidemic. He also didn't call to say that. Oh. I'm sure so didn't call that. Well that makes us feel like duty. What is it the point to where the fact I mentioned that he may have called on here or on me off the air? Hey listen when you got a point to is he going to be worried about that job? Oh no. I feel bad for him and for Rick. Rick's not Rick is misunderstood. You know? I mean sometimes he's a prick but nevertheless he's misunderstood he's okay. We like him. Those were the good days. Those were the good times. That's been 90% of my time screaming. He only because the guy that was phoned in the work. We had pretty good times in those days. And then they stuck them on there in a morning. I mean we I could I could just battle on for four hours here today. I could just take a trip to Babylon and do it. About all the mysterious stuff, the the ins and the outs, the rumors, the stories and the literary getting can to get paid off for like almost a year. They had just resigned when you were like two months before. They sure what brilliant businessmen they are at Cox Broadcasting. And if you ever read their newspapers in Atlanta by the way, you'd find out what a bunch of idiots they are. But to read Nick Yahoo's. Although I guess they know they're market up there. Plus not to mention listening to WSB in Atlanta. Another Cox station which oh god almighty. Yeah, that's about where it belongs. But there were all of these stories, you know, back and forth about the well, Chuck Meyer. They brought in Chuck Meyer to do that morning show. Should we do news? Should we do entertainment? Should we run and Chuck Meyer? Who is a great news guy? A great news guy with a great voice with great credibility. And by the way, thanks to our close friends at the Atlantic City Subns again, not only for our subterdy, but also some soda. Since we don't have any water for my good friend, what does they sell balcony at Soleil water? She I even forgot for a second. How soon they forget when you don't supply the guy to him Soleil water? Sal, you could drink some of that olive oil. But in any rate. Oh, then olive oil. Yeah. So they put the Chuck Meyer thing on. And then of course, I had to take the blame for that because I ripped them on here because it was a crap show. Usually all those stupid phoneers, those awful phone interviews. Anybody remember that? Oh my god. You know, a lot of work went into that show. Yeah. Well, you sure as hell couldn't tell. And then to prove that Chuck Meyer was no entertainer that he was a news guy. I'm sure to start to knew see that breaks my heart. When you do something well, do it. Don't try to be something else like Donald Trump. There's a classic example. He's a BS artist to make a lot of money. Just go do it. And he finally said, I guess I don't want to run for president because I'm a schmuck. I'm a dummy. And nobody would vote for me. Anybody. Nobody's that dumb anyway. How's that reform party coming by the way? You do know that just even to a quick support. Yeah. Last Friday. Nice. Go on, Ergessie. You got out just in time before they had an embarrassing brawl there. What a joke. Yeah. Yeah. They're like, uh, mentioned. They're a little slap, but they're missing each other. Like a vengable isn't that video, which you'll never see in this coverage. But at any rate. And then of course, we had, I mean, just all the little stuff that went on behind the scenes that it was always Steve Nickel. I wonder what was in that drawer of his, you know, I wonder what was in there. Ten. Ten. Yeah. Paper. Yeah. Something else that begins with people like Susan. What was your name? I'll have a page powder. Yeah. He's okay. I was Steve Nickel. He's my man. Remember the day called us from a wonder if that station is not here in Jacksonville. I'd be big in Jacksonville. When I know. Well, I'm Yahoo's up there. Hey, the rumor. I'm here is that their football team beat our football team. 62 to the 7 in the playoff game. Just not that long ago. That's the rumor I just heard. We'd be gigantic up there in Jacksonville. They don't have just like a bunch of sports nerds up there. They have people like in discuss all kinds of intellectual stuff like classical music like WTMI. Can't ask much, much, or by the way. Kevin Spacey, Space or Yara Spatech. He's supposed to be the greatest actor in the world now, Kevin Spacey. Would you buy that? No. No. No. You're supposed to say that. Sorry. And American beauty. Did you see that? No. It's got hurt. It was great. 7,000 nominations. Because that's the big thing everybody's supposed to be talking about. Which I got here. But I can't talk about it because did I see any of these movies? No. So how about I talk about it? Oh, I do think I am going to see that Matt Damon movie. Mr. What was it then? What's the name of the movie? Looking for Mr. Goodman? No, yeah. That's what we just think of. That's not what it is. No, the amazing the sinister Mr. Well, what tells that I'm going to go to that movie? Wait a minute. We'll find it here. To tell that Mr. Ripley, believe it or not. That was the name of that movie. I'm thinking I might just go see that because I do like Matt Damon. He's okay. And then I'll scale a 10. I give about a 7. But the previous make it look kind of interesting. Plus it's a fact thing, you know. And I'm always interested in seeing those fact things. Speaking of that, here's a call from Milton Manor's. Hello. Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. I'm just calling to ask you about the PENILPIN on the championship with the Toronto Maple Leafs. You think the championship? The championship with the Toronto Maple Leafs. Yeah, you think the win the cup? No. No. You think the win another game? I think it's much better question. Not to why I think will they win the cup? So how's your public doing? My poor he's doing great. You're in a wonderful day. Oh, did that guy have any material? Oh, I mean, I'm telling you the championship of the Toronto Maple Leafs. Does anybody know anybody that's left on the team? Oh. Mess with success. That must have had, maybe Mike Disney. Maybe some of the people from Casperock, he has maybe Bob Neil was involved in that field with the Maple Leafs. All these horrible deals. Just broke my heart watching that. I thought that was pretty good game last night. Tampa Bay and the Rangers over time, two, two, five or six, and again, certainly the overtime was unbelievable. Rakes my heart to watch Frederick Maudine and Todd Warner, and especially the Great Mike Johnson. They're playing for Tampa Bay for a girls team when at least can't win a fixed game these days. But then does anybody care about that? Oh, and you're going to be at that Ranger Panther game tonight? Oh, I'll be there. I'll be there with bells on my friend Ron, the big flyers fan I hope he's listening today. I hope he had a chance last night all or he might have to. He might have to call and sick and not attend that ice game after seeing Marten, Rodurgic credit for a goal at the flyers knocked into their own net while it was a delayed penalty. That's really got to make him. That was the, that was the clinch of the goal in the game. That was the decisive one. That was the straw that broke the camel's hump. They got a delayed penalty called against New Jersey. They got a chance to get back in the game. And they're passing the puck around. And all of a sudden, oops, somebody gets bumping. It goes off his stick right back to his own empty net because the goal I came out for the extra attacker and a score in their own net. And the last the man for New Jersey who touched the puck was Goli Martin Brodur and he gets credit for the goal. Anybody out there, but see a Goli score a goal? No. Oh, a wicked way to lose. A grotesque way. But nevertheless, well, does your body, they have noxious for little few flyers. They make me sick. They make me nauseous. They make me want a barf. But do we want to talk hockey? No, let's talk about Peter Trip the curly had a kid in the third row. And about WTMI, what they have to do with that format. And about Blufflands, you go over to kiss. And about poor Rick and Sudden, we have anybody called by the way who wants to Rick and Sudden to be side-sides. Yes. Yeah, can't three. And what do they say? They say we listen to Rick and Sudden. Oh, thank God for that. Go. Well, I listen. You do? Yeah, I've been once in a while. Two and three times. You don't remember the worst team on his radio station. You did a why? 1056 at 560 WQM. Jim Manditt's talks for a while. Right here. A sports radio 560 QA down. Okay. What are those on your feet, shoes? One ounce, socks, fellas. F-O-C-K-F. You just said kiss my f***ing in-cantony. Oh, I'm sorry. Don't be sorry. Hey, what's that around your waist? About spell it. E-E-L-T. You just told someone to f*** off in Zulu. Oh, my. And that's just one of the many techniques you'll learn with the National Profanics Language cassette program. National Profanics can have you cursing in Spanish, French, Italian, German, and a host of other languages in just a few weeks. So, call 1-800-F*** you today. Because the most important thing you'll need to know about other cultures. He's how to tell somebody off. Hey, buddy. That's all C-K-A. That's all we need to know. They've all left for the day. Okay, it's 11-1 at 560 WQM. I'm just one here in his voice again. Okay, I just miss him a lot. Start looking. No thanks. Not that much. Yeah, we had some good times over there at Gluerell W.I. Oh! But those days are gone. You can't live in a past. You can't mulling you're in the past. All gone down a drain. We can thank Bob Neill for that. All those other grey-em-up there in Atlanta. We're selling us out. That's what they did. They sold us out. How many million? How many billion dollars did he big God damn companies have to make before they have enough? Bill Gates, Wayne Hypinga, John Henry, all these other grey robbers. How much do they have to have? How much do they have to squeeze out of your ass before they have enough? In addition to which, don't most corporations need a good tax right off? No. Huh? Don't they need a good moment of money losing money laundering things sounds good to me? They just don't know how to do business over there. That's their problem. Although I shouldn't be saying that because we're just dying to go on WTMI. Where is WTMI in the dial? Do we know? Are they 100,000 watts? They have a great signal. I think they do. They have to class the FM. I do it. Huh? Well, somebody out there will tell us I bet you we got at least one person in this audience who listens to WTMI. Somebody would some taste with some class. That's just a bunch of crude scumbags who fart a lot and pick their nose all day long. Yeah, that's the stereotype of my audience. But your crude truck driving scumbags that built in part all day. Which I mean they may have a point. But what's wrong with having a bunch of scumbags truck driving? And here's a pig report on the alley speaker that hello. Hey, I'm a truck driver. There you go. Hey there. Browl County finest there. I do some public conditioning. Who should pay his whole salary to Halley? Yeah. The following year all the. Really? Oh yeah, right there by put it in top total. Thanks for your good news, pal. Love you, Niel. Slow down. Okay, see there. You asked for it and you get it sometimes. Not usually, but once in a while. Anybody out there see the talented Mr. Ripley? Oh, should I bother go see another subway to come on TV? Is it really that good? Malts just the fact things are probably most of you wouldn't have seen that except maybe the guy will manage to go out nothing to say. I feel bad about that because that guy I mean he waited for quite a while to what is it? You asked for the power right? TMI? Yeah. And a frequency. Oh, 93 one is the frequency. I thought we all knew that. No, I did not know that. How did I know that guy? I've never listened to that on that. Isn't it preset number one on your car. Yeah, number one two and three just to make sure if you ever done that with stations. You have more than one preset just to make sure you don't miss a Vank one in Vank two. Right. Okay, but people are calling up with the frequency frequency frequency frequency and yeah, we got that 93 point one, but they're not. How about they will know that because that's an inside thing. I mean listeners would know the frequency. They wouldn't know the power. They might know power 96, which is right down a hallway playing at bump bump bump bump bump on that crap, you know. That's something crap. And by the way, I hate to break the news to you out there all you bigots, but there's a hell of a lot more white kids listening to rap music and sparsis. I'll tell you that right now. No contest. Yeah, so white kids. They're listening to all that illiterate rap music. That's what we're worried about. The black kids. I mean, what do you know what's uh what can that hurt, you know? That going to do any harm? No. No. Because so many of them unfortunately are brought off in families where they be speaking like that in the first place. What they're trying to do is pollute the minds of the white kids in the suburbs, like in crawl springs in western in western where they're selling crack on every street corner. Crack. Go. Go. Go. 100,000 watts. Someone called to say that's what I've just said. Class C F M. That's what that means. Class C. Yeah. Class C. Cool. So there you go. We're going to do TMI. 90 people want a perfect spot for my FN talk radio station. What do you say Bob? Come on. Let's get Bob Green on the phone. We'll get Phil on the phone doing Bob's voice. Are you sure positive? Come on. You can do it. They don't have the balls to do it. Again, what would the sense be in the first place to do that to everybody got rid of us once? Because they couldn't make money on A M and of course the philosophy of F M, especially with that company being the cheap perks that they are almost as cheap as clear channel but not quite The philosophy on F M is that it's got to be a jubox your station. Low overhead, don't pay any count and just pump the hits. Just find some musical format. What if we talk in play class when you're in the background? Or when we talk urban downtown hip hop dance uh Ukrainian. You know, they got all these different pre it's all crap. And that's what you get. No originality. No personality. Certainly nobody uh I want to make more than five bucks an hour and that's that's their philosophy of what F M is all about. It's a cash cow. It's a jubox. Here's a mobile an aventura. Hello. Mobile an aventura. Hey Neil, how you doing? Great. Uh, TMI in the morning's got a show called Buck and Roll which isn't too bad. Yeah. And our rent's got a Sunday morning show called the Prairie Home Companion which is kind of okay. Yeah. But when you're not over and there's really not too much choice. Yeah, that's true. That's it. Okay. Have a good one. Thanks so much. Bye bye. There's a guy who listens to TMI and LRN and admitted and admitted. How do you like that? And we had anybody who admits to listen to a ricken-sad? No. Yeah, a couple off of here. And nobody on here. Why not? Whatever happened those days. See you. They broke up that old gang man. Never be the same again. And I'm sitting here wondering to myself after I after you had that call off the air from somebody in person. It's a. How do you get up? I mean it's one thing. You know, I get up seven o'clock in the morning. That's really enough for me. Crawling here about 83845. But how do you beat yourself out of bed at 4 or 4 30 in the morning? To go in into a morning show. And the ratings come out and it keep every month. They retrain that he going down and down and down and you don't have that much to start with. And you finally get down to a 0.2 and you still have to. I guess it's survival is what it's called. Yeah. It's that instinctive thing that we have the need to survive. Need to get a paycheck. It's got to be that. Because one of their motivation could you have when it's so unrewarding that there's no tangible evidence that anybody's listening out there. A 0.2. I got to be very honest with you. I think that if we had a 0.2 on a show. I don't think I could motivate myself to come in. I went. No, I was just calling, you know, say a few words on a phone every day. And then let's you play Ukrainian with like classical music play that Mozart again. There you go. Let's pop. And still probably do a more than a 0.2. Don't you have any Fredrick Schillpan? I do a live show. Yeah. Polynes number 248. In fact, don't let's play that back to back. Mumble number five and the Polynes number six. 560, 0.560, pound five 60 on the AT&T line. Pretty upset about that Rick and Suds book. I thought, how was that? Yeah. I know. It was a wicked number. A point. Oh! This starts at the f***ing benefit of Jesus. Oh! Four kids hanging up together. And he throws in there and Steve, he's don't get better. The chef just like it's late tonight. She's just about. Oh. You're going to see Steve pull up the gut. It's when he's around. Steve's walking tireland, it's walking dirt. And at least once a week you hear. I can't wait. I got that. Oh! So weird, but the wonderful. And can you face your liberty? He can't hit the head. And then he said, the rats nor would humans and they keep it. He can't. Thank you, buddy. You're back. Okay. You want to know what I think what? He's doing something today. He's been kicking me in, everybody. Everybody doing something to me. It's 114C. At 550 WQ and we got Hank in the studio again today. By the way, thanks, Hank, for stopping the, he left me the you're posting yesterday. With the picture of the priest, remember the story I had about the priest yesterday. Father Dennis Brennan, who maybe he came Denise Brennan, remember that story? Huh. And the New York Post on page is 89 in yesterday's edition. It says, why this priest wants to be a woman. And it's got not only the original priest, which boy, uh, oh, is she a lady or what? And I'm talking about the picture as a guy. Whoo! Talk about Denise. He makes to these potbam lookbooks. She's a fact in the church. And then on the other page on page nine, here is a picture of Father Brennan, shopping in the supermarket with his little cart. Here's Denise with the wig, women's clothing, and looks lovely. Looks like an isolated, huh? And the reason that they're upset about that, it's got nothing to do with gender crossing with sex change. And actually with the idea that if they left him in the appristate now, they'd have to have a woman priest. Can they do that? No, they're pissed off about that and fired up. I mean, just one more fag in the church that does bother them at all, because generally speaking, they're the overwhelming majority. They're like almost unanimous. They have one or two token straight guys in there. One or two people that don't need a good shrink? Oh, and God, oh, I'm way too near here. The name of the person who wrote this column. You better put that sandwich down. I'm not making this up. This is in yesterday's New York Post. Reveal sex change plan and letter to flock. And basically, it's the same stir-eyed right yesterday that somebody facts to me from the awardors. But the name of the column is that wrote this and there's his picture. In fact, he looks just like a father Brennan. He looks like a real pre-vert. His name is Frederick U. Dicker. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Hey, Frederick. Why don't you, uh, uh, cheeseburger for me, yeah. His name is Frederick U. Dicker. He's no fact in the church. Right. But anyway, there it is. And the niece looks lovely. I'm telling you, she looks like a wonderful lady. 560560. We got 600 open lines here today. We got a lot of heavy duty important stuff going on. We're looking for the recon sons audience for canceling the final. Oh, 560560. Pound 560 on the AT&T line. Liz Wilde's fiery ports. Any of those hanging around? Yeah, lots. About the fact that Pete Bolger has to keep going in there and dragging around the studio. And they can't find all your old stuff. And all my old stuff, you know, the stuff that's locked over the DCL. Oh, that's good. Nice going, Erliz. We're just wild about your shows. We are. We get back down in the negatives again. 560560, Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Look at this enthusiastic response again here today. But I'm like, yes, today, which is my first day back from vacation. Do I care today? No, no, because the phone is working fine. And life is great. We got nice speed me on here from our close friend at Atlantic City Sub and Hollywood, which they are the best. They're great. We love them profusely. And even said over a big bottle. They stopped and picked it up. A big two liter bottle of caffeine-free diacope because we're out of water and soda in here. Because South Alcone is laying down on the job. Come on, Sally. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. Yeah, fat chance you're asking on Erliz. Again, schmuck. 560, 0560, pound-560 on the AT&T wireless line. Boy, and he was on a long time too. Too bad it didn't go on the years. Too bad. Oh, you're an asshole man. You're an idiot. You're a moron. No material. You're about to spunny as a broken leg. Here's Jacksonville, hello. Jacksonville. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? OK. I was just calling to extend you the offer. If you ever want to get out of that, one horse. No. No, no. No, not coming up there. Come up to Jacksonville. No, not even to visit. No, these people got nothing to say either. If it ain't about the Jaguars, they got nothing. I hear a rumor they beat the dolphins in a playoff game. 60 to the 70s, the rumor that I heard. I heard a bunch of people talking about it was Mark and Tommy and Mark and Tommy and Danny and Jimmy. And Danny and Jimmy are both gone now. So what are we going to do now? I don't know. I guess punk. Thank you. OK, I have a great day. Yes. He said the people in Jacksonville got out of the scene. I guess he was not the perisago guy. He just said, didn't have too much material. I call a rest here. 560, 505, 60, palm 560 on the AT&T line. Am I eating on the ear again today? Huh? And this has got too much fat in it, by the way, but I'm eating it anyhow. I feel great on my low fat, high fiber diet. But he's cold cuts in the cheese too much fat. I've just taken an exception because I wanted to get the soda. And it worked. You know, it's how it worked. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Mobile and Hollywood. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. I was calling about Rick and Sid. I've listened to him a couple of times lately and it's just got really fondress. It's not funny anymore. Doesn't seem like. I don't think they're for me. I don't think they're for me. Works in the morning. I think they're much better afternoon drive. I'm a lovely format. I know. So, Liz, Rick, it's like half the time now. They got yogurt doing something. And I find that really, you know, an act of desperation. You know, and they said, they used to do the pay from challenge. And all those kind of things that were fun in the afternoon. You know, and I can't do that kind of stuff in the morning because people were going to work. I said, I think what Adam bailed out on him, I think that was the end. Yeah, well, they got to help somebody who's willing to go out and get arrested. You know, that's right. Be the Peter Field guy, you know, because they don't have that. And I don't know, they're humor just has kind of gotten stale on me. I, I, I, I, I tweet him in sometimes. You don't think I've noticed when I tune over there. It's always on commercial. Yeah. I mean, you know, how can it be? I don't understand it. It must be some of a lot of cheap spots where you're channeled because how do they sell these shows that I got like point two's and point five's? Yeah, but that's the point. You know, let's see. I don't know. I'll listen to some of the competition, you know. When they go to commercial laws out over there to see what's up and every time I do that, they're on commercial too. Now, what my parents and I'll wait all wait for a minute or two and see when their commercials are getting over. Yeah. And their commercials don't get over. And I tuned back to the other station and their commercial is already over, you know. I think it's over. Okay. Well, listen, thank you. Thank you. Now you're still enjoying a lot. Yeah. Have a good day. Have a good day. Okay. Have a good day. Have a good day. Take a good bite. I'm, I'm here to use cooking and popping noises and I saw something really grow test cap in there and I want to punch up line four here. Hello. Now did you, did you see that? I just punched up line four and it went out. There's no dial tone. There is nobody on here and it just went out by itself. Now here we are. I'm, I'm, I didn't, I just get you sing only moments ago that I'm feeling great. I don't give a rat to it. And here we are the second day. There's line four. Auto all over the place. Alright, when I was in a disaster, is it just for? No, just for it, Kevin. That sounds like the problem is you need to run one. That's right. That's right. That's right. You have a red line one. What about it? You don't hear what I got at all print out that one. Same line. You've got a thousand, two seconds. You. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Let's see if they're going to work today or not, huh? Great mystery of life. They're really spending a lot of energy on it to get to the bottom of that. But all that money on that big fancy, fancy, fancy, and phone system, and guess what? Is it going to work? No, because they still can't get into the bottom of it, because they don't have the rash of my elbow. Here's our last call, mobile and naples, hello. Are you where the Al-Rantel is doing info, Marshall? It's on the radio. No. Yes. You're helping you. And they played, like it's, they feed it up. Alice, Rantel. And it eats sound like a chipmunks video. Yeah. And the first one I heard was on a colon pun. And now he's doing one for Al-Rantel. Right, go. Yeah. I just thought you'd be interested. Thanks for the good news. I'm not interested, but thanks for killing about 20 seconds. Okay, that's it. We're out of business here today, I guess. Well, I talk about a fast turnaround. We were going along there pretty good. And then all of a sudden we started having some phone problems. Some mysterious phone action here on his phone. See what's going on here. I've bought this flatLED�� thing. One little box is mounted. OK, let me show you how to make it. He has a CD that is connected to 958 and the A buttonI auto. She has already connected with 958, they've connected with the CD and the CD that is connected to the CD. Aphones wires watching the radio. How about it? Got noises on their больше radio. Yeah. It sounds今. I can see that to give me a chance to eat some more sandwiches. Out of town line is 8777856345. Any here that? There's no difference. There's nothing that's changed here. It's making popping and puking sounds just like it wasn't before our left for vacation. Putting this new difference in here didn't change a goddamn thing. We got you one dollar done resetting the phone in the other room that popping. Yeah, what does that mean? They're resetting the phone. Trying to see if this is a radio station that cannot put a phone system on the air to you talk shows that work. This is on Veli. It's on her door. In the history of the human-epping race, this is on her door. This is like a Ford Motor Company and General Motors and Chrysler unable to build an automobile engine. And expecting you to buy their product. We can't make a phone system work in here. Here's a mobile and pop at OB. Hello. Yeah. Yes sir. Why are you guys always making fun of their Haitian people? Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Mobile and Hollywood. Hey, he all is up. Okay. I call this a, if you think the bar is going to kick the panthers, but tonight or what? If I think he's going to buy him a plane all by himself. Oh, there's going to be a given about 25 minutes today. No, I think the rainers are going to get their asswifts and I think they're going to want to buy life in a desk. Life in the airport is higher than the camp of life. I'm going to get on. I'm going to get the girls team last night. They got a tie. Oh, that's because they're like driving Kirk, man. You got beaten up. Yeah, Captain Kirk, if it wasn't for Captain Kirk, they've got their asswifts. Okay. So, call me back when you know something about the game, which you don't just like everybody else in his town. I saw the game. Okay, sir. What? It seems to be working now. It's pretty exciting. Yeah, mobile and Miami on a four is actually working. Hello. Hey, Neo, what's up? Yes sir. You're on a magic line, sir. How about a magic line? The only one that works here, huh? Yeah. The answer wishing you will be back in Amsterdam a while. Yeah. Are these people down here? I really did. Yeah, okay, thanks for your material. Sir, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 5. I just have no material. Not even 11, 30, in the bottom of material. Rick and suds and suds and Rick and Jimmy and Danny and suds and Danny and Rick and Jimmy and David. Jim Volcafort talks sports weekends right near. Our fourth radio 560 QAM. She roamed an ancient mythical land, wearing body armor, taking names and kicking blood. But in the quiet moments, a loaned camp she was played by anxiety. She used what if that guy had friends and they come out to me? What if I go out of provision out here? What if I'm tied to a left-beer? You see, no. Where are your friends? She did how to handle a puddle attack at Gronn by a bunch of humans in fake fur without spread in accents. Come here, watch this life! Just take that out! But, Zina, where are your friends? Cutenthandle of panic attack at midnight by a bunch of nagging doubts. Oh, my outfit doesn't fit right since the baby. I think I'm starting to work like a girl. Oh, no! No, even I make her my husband. Zina, where are your friends at? Right after some of the show, who's time you can never remember. Okay, I hope we didn't get canceled. It's 1131 at 560WQA, and I think we already did. Think we've been canceled here on this station. 560WQA, yesterday about the WSDJ, had to go for an hour and 20 minutes before getting your one-person telling what they're on that one. I asked about the town in the Mr. Ripley, if anybody has seen it, is it worth going to see? Have we had one call about that? No. No. This is a town where the public, and the public, is not just hockey. Is any topic you pick? I've told you this before, and it's a truth. You picked the subject. Can they talk about it? No. They know what you're talking about. Oh, they have an opinion? No. And I'm so much to be doing a talk show here in this town. With a bunch of people who's basically general comedians. Ehh! That's what they got. That old guy, the Red Wing fan, that got dumped that will never get on the ear again. These things like I said yesterday, the people that call are the ones that you never want to talk to again. That bitch that calls yesterday, she went and bet on Hank's horse over the weekend allegedly, and therefore somehow she's in her convoluted mind. She's got a notion that I owe her hockey tickets for the Lides game. Do I have any hockey tickets to give away? No. And I say it's against it about giving away hockey tickets. He's not even listening to the goddamn show. But she takes time out of her busy day of work to call me, to suck around for hockey tickets, which I don't have it at first place, and if I did she wouldn't get him anyway. That's the nature of the population in this town. Give me, give me, give me, give me, give me. What are you giving away today? What are you got? Because I ain't got nothing. Here's a mobile or less palm, hello. I deal. Yes, sir. Hey, hey, you're doing today. Okay. How are you doing? Good for about an hour and a half, and all of a sudden we read a brick wall here. Hey, I'm not looking for any free tickets or anything. I get tickets to the Daytona 500. I'm heading north on the Turnplay right now. Yeah. You know what your pic was, so the Daytona 500 on Sunday. No. For those pictures. Yeah, you don't have a favorite? What do you mean by that? We're going to win the race. I have no idea. Do you think I'm in an auto racing? Do you think I care about that craft? You don't follow it? No, not in the least. Come on. No way, Jose. The America's favorite. Yeah, I've been no ice games the most popular flavor. Have a good time, pal. Get out of here. America's favorite sport next to golf. How about that tiger, hot? Who's my pick? I'd rather talk to the guy that called yesterday. Want to know how I arranged my plate. Wasn't that it? Oh, how I attacked him a faith? No, I'd rather talk to Don Deloys about how I arranged my plate. Remember that? That was a great line. It was chastising Junior for how he runs his plate. And I agree. You saved the best up for last. Not me. Well, you'd see again your auto step with reality. It's just not the way that intelligent people operate. You saved the real good stuff for last day. If something is safer, like the potatoes are rotten. You saved those like right till the very end. Nah, like the green beans, the wax beans eat those first or the peas. Okay, whatever you saved, pal. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18, T, where else line? Here's the mobile info. Waterdale, huh? Hello. Yes, sir. Deal. Yes, I am. Oh, I didn't think I had to there. Is there a plan? This one, I got a delivery company, right? Yes. Work one day. And there's a delivery ticket there from the archdiocese down in Miami. I know that you're favorite people. Oh, yeah. Right? So I'm looking at the delivery ticket. And this is a big expensive bedroom set. 25,000 dollars, they spend on this bedroom set to take. So a million dollar house in coral springs to keep their little priest there happy and living in luxury. And so after I see this ticket, you know, I just took out a church all the time, right? I said, I'm contributing my money every month or every week. Right? This church, they can't even spend 25,000 dollars on a bedroom set. But I can't even afford to $25,000 bedroom set. And someday they might need some of your money for a sex change operation for your priest, do you want to? Yeah, right? So then I clicked in the church. I clicked onto the church, right? But my wife still goes. So let's last Sunday, she goes to church and who what happened? The arch die is the Miami. I had a special announcement. They need more money because they want to do another project. I told my wife, you have to pay one more thing. You're my money over there. And I don't have the board. You're ass right. Yeah, right? Yeah, I'm tired. Sorry, I had a little tight. I can't even think that I want to do my life. And I got to give money to a church. Well, I'm at the police while you're still breathing. Wake up and sniff the daffodils, maybe towards two ladies. I'm telling him. When he asked you for money, just say, Oh, this tell him, I'm an anti-regain told me, just saying. Man. That's how they give their little stuff to the poverty for people. Okay, God bless you, sir. Yeah, I'll write God bless you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. It's called my stock guy yesterday afternoon. He had a lengthy conversation with him. Having a meeting with him again this afternoon. And I said, Let me just give off. And you know what he said? Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. I don't think he knows his answer for my elbow, but I'll find out this afternoon. I'm a little bit skeptical of this guy. A little bit skeptical. When somebody is handling your money, leads you down the garden path one time. I don't think you want to give an opportunity to do a second time. Oh, if you're smart. In other words, when he kind of leads you a stray would maybe some misinformation. But all I'll find out. I can be the benefit of the daffodils for about five minutes. Anybody see the counted the amazing Mr. Lowe? No. Mr. Nautbier? Here's Miami. Hi, honey. Hello. How are you doing? Great. Yeah, I'm calling about that movie. I went to see it. This was my girlfriend another couple. And I thought it was exceeding the average. It's just not boring. Exceeding the average. Yes. I mean, there's some faggy overtones that you might get into, but nothing like, uh, I'm not into overtones. I like blatant. Well, you're not going to find it there. I just thought the movie was too long. You know what I mean? But, um, they've been sucked with it. I just didn't think it was I did. They didn't suck, then I don't want to leave. I just think I'd do laws pretty good looking. I don't know. Who? Uh, that actor in the movie Jude Law. I think his name. They're going to play the husband? Yeah. Yeah. The guy opposite Matt. They're right. I never saw him. Well, what's wrong with Matt Damon? He's okay. I don't know. He might not have five and a half in his go with 30. He's going to leave. Yeah. He's a little strange. You're right. Plus he hangs out with that Ben Affleck too much. Right. Uh, what's my first bounce you ball game last night? Not that you really give a crap, but I thought the arena was pretty nice. And there's if you've been down there yet? No. Well, why would I go down there? What do they have that I want to see? Oh, that's that's true. They have a lot of people disguised as yellow NPCs out here, but other than that. It was pretty empty. I'm glad you got a chance to see him beat up on a girl's team. That's true. We're going to do the same thing in the other arena tonight. Okay. That's one I haven't been to yet. I haven't seen an hockey game before, but, uh, anyway, I'll be watching on TV though. All right. That's right. I'm going to kick that range of rags tonight. Well, a lot of joke that gigantic payroll and over stuff. Payroll, especially the T.O. ferry. Oh, last night he talked about a little actor, Theo Ferrie. I'm sure he was doing something in the backseat of the car. He wasn't asleep. Actually, like somebody smack him in the head. I like this at any time. There, you know, Tampa Bay said like all the way to center-wise there. There, he's like behind his own net. For the other, he's somewhere lost. Theo Ferrie. A big, big, little tiny piece of crap. That makes sense to you a big kind of, yeah. That's right. He's small and size, but big and, uh, crap. Ratio. Of course, we know a lot of little people like that. Nine of us are talking about you. I don't take it personal. No, no. Like what's in the martin short? Okay. What kind of a name is that? For God that's short. Approach it. Okay. 560, 50560, pound-560 on the AT&T wireless line. What's the guy's name that writes, uh, was a, uh, Randy Newman? The short people thing. Right. He's short. Exactly. And he's also got a complex. You got a complex, Randy, your short. Ha ha ha, your short. Oh, by the way, when's the time green thing coming on with, uh, with, uh, what's your name? Monica. There we had it. They already did it? Yes. While I was gone? Yes. No, no. It was a safe hunt to sell persons. A monocholine of handbags. And he participated in this? Yeah. Oh, I'm so sorry, Tom. You're really good once upon a time. You were kind of like Rick Rally. You were really okay. And that was bad. I should've said Tom Green was like Rick Rally. Get the, get the lights off, please. They both are beers. 24, uh, no, no, no, no. It's only noon. Jesus Christ. Wow. It's been 20 minutes ago. I would've thought this was a 10 minutes show today. We're going to zip through this thing like grease lightning. And then I hit that first screw up phone. And that was the beginning of the end. Not that I want to start with that phone crap again. Oh, yeah. We got a news. Look at that. Look at that. Look at that. It looks like the same other one to me. Same piece of crap. In fact, it's a for all we know. It is the same piece of crap. And I watched him. Oh, you watched him actually. You physically do it. And it's still a piece of crap. Still sucks. So the math team and movie really blow. So I'm sure you had a notice and something good. 24 noon at 5.60 QM. I think I would've said that, did not I? I think they did use the whole slide. Drop these shorts. There was no farmer who lived on here. If that in the middle just safety is said some boys who were down by the prick. There being no water. There hands on their marbles and play things. And at half past four, their team are young. They do see a young lady. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up her dress and she showed them her rumbles and leaves. And then white fluffy duck. She said she was learning a new way to bring up her children. So they would not stand. While the boys in the barn yard were shoveling. Reped you send their phone yesterday's hunt. While the girl in the net or was robbing her. I let the fellow down by the duck. Even a black-up man with a tiger for home in the country. Will a big fence out front? If he had to phone like they she showed him her ninsopet. The dog who was subject to fit. And maybe she left him, grab hold of her small tender. And with the movement so quick. And then she bent over and sucked out his candy. And then he spread with cream all over her coat. She had left out on her shelf. If they do so, dirty, you can go for yourself. 14. So now in the 5. 6. You can have a little girl. 14. She's not a little girl. 14 year old. You see your father on the news this morning. No. And his pickup truck or whatever. He was driving. Oh, she's okay. She's a. She should be her worst problem. She never stole a free train. She's like that. Now she's harmless. She's a good girl. She made a mistake. She didn't realize the severity of what she did. What she did. She threatened an email. Oh, that's not true. Yeah. She's going to school up. Their name was Vincent by the way. They met just in the newspapers. And of course, the newspapers never get away. They were holding her identity. They had her picture in the name and everything on the news this morning. What's wrong with you, people? Is it those papers? Can you get anything right? Oh, no. Jesus, God. At least you're consistent. And the threatening letter, a February 7th email, said by a 14 year old girl to know her middle school was full of errors. And maybe that's why she's pissed off. Did I give her good education? You know what I say? I say fry her ass. Not that I'm all in favor capital punishment. So much. But in this case, I'm making an exception. She wrote the letter on a form taken from an educational website. Just to remember what I told you, the internet is good and the internet is evil. But on the scales of justice, the thing, the evil far away is the good at this point. Every nerd, every misdemeanor, every lunatic, every dangerous person. In fact, our ball-headed mic from sales down there, they saw it. So I asked, are they changed book? And he said, he told me, he said, you're right. He said, I'm the one that's going to snap. That's what he said. He said, I'm the one that's going to snap. Because that is not the end of building what I used something like that. I think I forgot something at home. This is the letter that she wrote. This 14 year old young thing. I'm going to blow the school up on February 23rd. If not then sooner or when you least expect it, don't even bother trying to find me because I assure you, won't then, don't bother shutting down the school. Because if you do, and there's no apologies or air. I'll come earlier or later and blow up no-of-a-middle school slash high school. I think it would be in your best interest to move out of the FN country. If you think of shutting down the school with one tea, and even if you do, I'll still find you. Granted, just watch me. This school is going down with Dr. Addkins in it. And that's not Dr. Bobcins. Oh, maybe she didn't lose any weight on the actions. That's a different Dr. Addkins. Going down with the Dr. Addkins in it. And if he's not in the school when I blow it up, I'll just go to his FN house and have my own FN ways. If I'll give you a hint of who I'm, I am, we're worse mother, FNM, and see you later, it's your graveyard. This school is going down with everyone. And well, nice talking to you, Deadbeats. And the father says, she's a good girl. She made a mistake. She's harmless. She didn't realize the severity of what she did. And if you take a look at this, this is, I don't know what, it's in the B section of the A Heraldis Morning Local Section. Student held an email threat. If you look at the letter, this is on the inside. And see the literacy. I mean, the grammar and the spelling and the punctuation and lack thereof. And she's 14 year old girl in middle school. There's something really, really wrong in this country. Something really stinks. You can smell the stench of Kalmanor hanging over this performance by this thing. Fry her ass. That's my suggestion. And she went through it again. And the best part of the whole deal is that after they let her out of this, whatever where she's being suspended and held and whatever they do, they on it's automatic. She gets her ass kicked out of school. Which I say is a good idea. They'll let her back in a building. And the father's attitude just like always, well, you know, she didn't mean I'm bad. And she's a good girl. And she'd be the worst thing she ever does in the Yadayada. I mean, I saw him there this morning, 15 to 20 times at least. Doing his best to minimize life. They're like, hey, no big deal. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. Maybe she's eligible for a voucher under Bush's school plan now. Huh? Speaking of Bush, did you do that? You see any of the debate last night? No, I did not. I've mentioned a lot of hockey games last night. I had no interest in watching that crap. I know you don't want McCain, but I'm registered Republican. So I got to vote for one or three characters. Come on. Come on. Actually, don't want any of those three. Well, those three Bible something right wing in Parliament, assholes. No. Well, I'm going to pick McCain over to you. The other three because Bush is paranoid. He still must be lingering from the effects of coke. You asked him anything about his past. Yeah. And he's like, his eyes. They're rolling around like a pinball machine. Yeah. I saw somebody at the excerpts this morning. They showed him, they showed him screaming at each other and pointing. And, and you know, they're not talking about any issues at all. All they're doing is talking about who's doing the dirtiest campaign and calling each other names. It's like a bunch of little children. And what the sparks are doing there in the middle who's got about one 10 to 1% of the vote. What else he's doing in there? They said he's an ambassador. What country is he ambassador to? Uranus. But yeah, at least McCain, we got a track record on him. So it comes ever to McCain, Bradley, McCain, and Gore. At least you know what you're getting. Yeah. Bush, you just don't trust him. Well, it's like, I agree with that. If I had a choose, which I would hate to have to make that choice. But if I had a choose between McCain and Bush, we'll be no contest. Well, I wouldn't vote for Bush if they all had the gun to my head. And plus two, he's not taking in his own money. He's McCain's getting matching government funds. And Bush is just getting money on all of a sudden. You notice yesterday at the last moment because he's in a panic that he's going to line up with the losers, South Carolina, which would be the beginning of the end for him. All the North Carolina was really the beginning, but that would be like the last thing I'll have in his coffin. So now all of a sudden, what's Bush talking about? Can't paint finance reform. Oh, and he's getting it from all forces. I'd rather have his dad back in office than him. Yeah. Well, he's released his dad didn't lie too much. Yeah, except for the taxes. We'll have a great thing. You take care. And at least he got that sad amount of their didn't he get him out? No. Oh. 560, 750, 50, 50, pound, five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Just remember, the trial-adorable commission, the builder burgers, the Illuminati. Just keep going. Yeah. That's right. Just like Ray Lewis said, man, the devil keeps to make me do all these evil things. He keeps sticking his finger in my, uh, rectum. I just can't say no. He wheels it around a little bit and his finger too. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami? Me, oh. Yes, sir. Hey, just remember, we can fix all the problems in the schools that we just had school prayer. But hey, before I start talking to my written set to end the math, Damon, movie. Yeah. I went to one of your sponsors, just went down the next. Yeah. For the first time. Were the hell, there's next by the way. I don't mean, where is this physical? I mean, where the hell is it? Is it on the log here? Oh, they're there. Okay. I'm going to go away for a few days. You never know what this sales department was going to happen. I've had a couple of, uh, a couple of, a couple of, a, a couple of a doro. Um, the long ones. I guess, I guess, the inventos. Yeah. Oh, my God. They taste better than to garnish the cost three or four times a month of what I paid. Mm-hmm. They are the best. Oh, yeah, yeah, the, the big, the invento. Yeah. Oh, brother. Well, hey, I'm a talk to Queen. I like something big. Talk about big. I just had never seen anything that vivid and that massive. Yeah, I would agree. Um, I wonder if you'd be playing a lot of written sets, drop-ins on here as a subliminal. So maybe we can get them back up to a point three. I feel bad for them. I listen to them almost every day. I had a diary, uh, a, a way back. And I did a diary, a ways back. Yeah, I had the arbitron. I filled them in, you know, and it's a shame. I, I love for it, and such it's sad listening to them. And hearing 20 minutes without a call and then having them, banter back and forth between the news guy and the, and the traffic lady. Yeah. And it's sad because I remember what it was like when we was you and then, uh, in Mike and Rick and in Randy and night, or Hank and night and exactly. And they were so fun. But listening to Rick, you know, I know anything is that also one thing. What are you saying? Does he sound the pressed in psychotic because they're not getting any response and they know they have no audience and they're just waiting for the hammer to fall. Is that it? And actually, but I don't mean that. That's the one thing about being in the morning. The one good thing about being in the morning. We don't have to hear Rick's, uh, stock market reports. Yeah, I think that was the beginning of the end. But I want to tell Rick what to talk about. The real beginning was the computer talk and then the real nail in the coffin was, well, uh, fair value was down to one and a half and as they, I mean, I'm sorry, but the idea of Rick Riley is a stock market expert to me is, uh, I just can't deal with it. Exactly, but you know, I love it. I listen to him. Or his kids to the live, I hope because I know he's been doing everything and trying to get them killed, you know what I was. I think this is the live. I don't know how much longer Rick's going to be alive with everything. Go with the ratings and everything before he goes before he goes. Before he goes. Well, I mean, does he, does he talk about this at all? I mentioned on the year. The fact that they can't find an audience or they just, uh, Um, sometimes just that they will sit there and you will hear, you know, they're talking back and forth or out there sometimes outbound calls. But it's, it's a fact. But I remember, you know, it's not Rick and says, Paul, the a lot of it is not. You got to blame the station for lack of promotion. Damn it. Uh, and, you know, they're just standing in the station. It's not behind them. Damn it. Damn it. Damn it. Damn it. Damn it. Damn it. And also I like to add a madame with cool. So it's an old for the get the idea. Yeah, I think that when Adam left, I think that was damn it. Yeah. And I, for the, I was like jumping off the Titanic. It was a no brainer. You know, you don't mention that. I'm not talking about the new, uh, do a tiny thing. So because you're rambling, I got to do a break here. You know, we got to get a surprise. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. I'm fine. So he was a pain and looked good. Yeah. And also this is saying that I said Leonardo DiCaprio look cute. Oh, Jesus. I'm sorry. I like, I like real, look, I like real, look like real men. Real, like Johnny Osmond. Anyway, so it was a movie worth seeing or not. He said it was good. It was a little bit ponder. He says, you know, Matt Damon made, made, made nice eye candy. Yeah, okay. So in other words, all the way, how we feel it comes in. Exactly. Wait till it comes out. Okay. Okay. I know. I know. I know. Four minutes till noon at five sixty. He said be the luck card, Laptinger, luck copa, something like that. Four minutes till twelve at five sixty WQAM. The Neil Roger show. Sports radio. Five sixties. You. And. You. My. My. My. Tonight on the history channel. We don't Hitler was a maninal dictator who started World War Two. And became the most hated name in the world. What about all those unfortunate some shared his last name? What happened to them all this week? The history channel presents the forgotten Hitler. It's cold all. I was doing that. And this. Hey, the last comes along. The. What's the. The. The. The. The. I'm the history channel shows you how even the most distant relative can screw up your life. My name is Hansi Hitler. I was the owner of the biggest day care center in America. Well, we were about to begin franchising our business when the war came along. All of a sudden. No one wanted to send their kids a little bit. The. Join us all this week as once again, we find a way to make a new program out of this. Seeing 200 feet of news real film. The. the only on the history time. So what would you rather have your name be a Herman Hitler or Fred Rick you dicker there's our pull question for the day five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T where the plan how about a mercantil the anybody see that no. I mean it's nominated for seventy five thousand awards it must be something the academy likes a lot see that's the problem with the whole thing with the Oscars it's what they like. And they never like like the extra system like because we're still always violent and secondly was anti-catlet and it was just not the kind of thing that they like even the godfather they had problems with because it's not their kind of movie they like like you know Walt Disney movies that that's what they like they didn't like pretty much what not a Disney movie that one they didn't like five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line here's plantation hello yes sir me how are you right how about that tiger yeah oh oh oh oh five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line how said how really tragic that there are people out there like that and that's why we're near you got kin that was one of the last guy he had left for a lot of deal hello for a lot of deal hey now yes sir how you doing okay are you on talk to a flyer fan I'm doing a flyer fan what about it you said you're looking for the photo of your flyer fan you call I didn't see that oh I thought I heard you say you're looking for the flyer fan I mean I'll talk to you but I mean what do you want me to tell you that you are a well your own vacation uh you see the Toronto game you know when you're an Amsterdam they generally go out and show in the to many north American hockey okay but um yeah we're in trouble now yeah uh pre-mode's got a broken red yeah and they knocked one in the road at last night who did the flyers they didn't see it not a future you didn't see the game I just got home you just got home when who they play last night whoo welcome to WTMI Junior A.M. classical music it's a little scratchy on a.M. but it's old music anyways who who cares oh my god pretty like better Louvid Gavand from the musicer from uh peanuts oh don't start talking about Charles Schultz now he's dead let's have several tributes to Charles Schultz no I mean you know it's great try everybody likes peanuts even if you don't be the comics you like peanuts right although I do like cash use better unsalted of course five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-warlas line yeah the hockey can't complain about the hockey knowledge in softfloor to because there isn't any let's give away some pre-tickets for the Panther Ranger game that I want you to say let's give away two or three does look at some women online here give away some of those tickets for the Panther Ranger game that I told you to get ourselves a full house 35 hundred unsold seats even with all these obnoxious ranger fans we got down here with their high pay world mediocre team with that the old fairy man is he a talk about overrated talk about a mythical legend he he's like the rascal house of hockey strictly a state of mind and believe me he knew what was going on in the back seat that's what Graham James said that's what he told on cherry here's you put her hello you're a jupiter yes sir hey how are you okay I was watching this question for dog show I saw a little bit of that is that pathetic yeah it's on USA right now and my folks used to have a manager actually they had two the manager pensors like you have yeah very neat dogs but isn't it great that they fit so perfectly in most microwaves in the same time well this is the four microwaves so I don't know yeah they were both really great dogs they were going to come and down right there in the microwave for about thirty seconds on slow cook yes sir so they actually have been pinned in the investments through dog show this year haven't seen them yet but normally they do yeah they do I don't even know what classroom but as rule they have there because you know the carriers yeah exactly not really everybody asked me yeah well what relationship is it to a doberman and I say none they give you look like are they're carriers they're crazy let me tell you right now anybody that wants to go out and get your first dog as long as you got a big house or apartment and a little bit of a yard get a golden retriever there's a greatest dogs in the world I don't care anybody can argue with me all they want there is no dog better than a golden retriever they're better than most people you'll ever meet I think you're pretty correct there I am I have vehicles myself and they're just a little hyper they're okay they got a run you know they I've got a couple acres up in Jupiter yeah they got to be out there otherwise their day is it doesn't start and I didn't really my main reason for calling was yes sir Rick and said something right and you know I've listened to you for a few years now since I'm a date county farm and I've worked in the North Miami station been there for 18 years at least and been listening to you that whole time wow from my and Z and I O D and Rick and says you and then so without a doubt right all time best line up ever that's correct we had a great thing going there and again Bob knee I love to run it land out of the people across broadcasting there's a special place in hell for you people I've got a better place where I get at least look at him and enjoy his face with some really nasty stuff on his face good he must be a flamer because what a what a jerk the ruin line up like you folks were they didn't know how to make any money with us and then we then action takes it over with all we're totally and if and action was getting just a my show alone we're getting like a hundred dollars more spot and amazingly all of a suddenly made all this money on it yeah well just to show that they were bad business people is what Cox is problem and they were to upset with a stupid dolphin crap just like they are here on this station it's too obsessed with the stuff that's losing them money and the stuff that's making a money they don't pay any attention to you are absolutely correct yes I am a real shame yeah thank god the judge is a great guy let's talk to him and he has a good show I enjoy it when you're gone I listen to that I love the tapes however uh George is a he's I know he's probably got a smile in the face but he is right I actually he's doing something turn around the other way so I'm looking at him I have a great day I don't know you say I don't see how that yeah he said he's got a pretty good looking back home but whatever you like about five six seven five six the he just was a strange coincidence okay maybe he was just morning I said that moment it was a little bit of response yeah it's too bad about those men pins you know they're cute little dogs but to don't get one that's my best advice it's just like that stock I don't want to mention which one don't buy it and don't get a men pin what what he like I didn't mention any name of any stock I just said that stock don't buy it don't get sucked into it don't be an idiot don't be a fool if I talk to somebody as did he who's in that business and they agree with me he said oh boy I can't tell you which one it is though nine minutes past noon at five sixty all I'll tell you that George and I did we buy it no no and are we proud of it yeah the sports leader sports radio five sixteen two eight half I looked up Chinese ow you right okay okay No I'll take you to the man, take you to the right, to the down to green, I'll take you with all the job I hold in there. There's two of the daddy's feet on there. One of the guys don't have to make a roll. The daddy's green, I'll try. The daddy's green, I'll try. Prop 15 at 5.50, you're doing a QML to apologize profusely to everybody including myself. You know, that guy was talking about the dogs, the busons are dog shows, which is very enjoyable. Only because you laugh at the people, nobody pays any attention to the dogs. If the people act like assholes and prancet them around with a little, oh, guys, it's unbelievable. Why did they look at the dogs and play? Maybe they're into it. Back home. But anyway. No, no, listen, come in from a culture where they take 60-year-old voice penis out of their genes to check and see if it's grown online on my four or five hours. That's your people. What do you mean if not your culture and your people were funny hats? The sun, the acetum, the sun, that's not my people. You're on your barbarians. Those are loads of access to them. That's what they're saying. Yeah. So anyway, what's they just apologizing for? Oh, yeah, I was thinking about those, that's show. How did I get sucked into that? See, I'm really inspired to this image of being a prick. I'm too nice in the guy. I'm too easy. Otherwise, I could have a 40-year- I could do a really good show every day. Instead of getting sucked into the ruling show someday because of a bunch of selfish idiots out there. Case in point when I'm apologizing for when I got that doggy book. That was list. That was probably the even worse in the days when I was doing those awful guests. Hello, that's the even worse than that. Where's the German Shepherd on the list? Where's the Lnish Nouser? Yeah, I got a Shnouser on your back door and told you the Shnouser is okay. Jack asked, how did I get sucked into that? And of course, flooded with calls. That's the kind of thing they can talk about. You know, I'm getting a feeling about this line seven now, you know? I don't want to start seven now. No, maybe it's okay. What? You're not in your head and it's okay. Is your shirt okay? I'll reset just, I don't know. Because sometimes I wonder if that's feedback that's starting up. Is your shirt? Are you positive? For us, working. Okay, I just check it on that because that's the only one that seems to be at the moment. I'm having a little bit of indecisive nature. Here's a mobile and key largo, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm just going to call each day to have these dead my lives. Yes, I got to be ready for you, VV. What's up? You have direct TV, huh? Yes, sir. I got myself like this. I got in install last night. And better you know, I'm going to get to go tell my table company where that can stick it. All right. I got my table girl Valentine day. That's some kind of Valentine day, President. Is it? Yeah, well, you're going to set him a better one. Yes, I am. Well, I just wanted to tell you another thing I'm going to do. I lost Vegas. Come March 1st. Do we should do the day I'll be out of here. All right. All right. Have a great time, pal. Okay. Thank you, Neil. Yeah. This guy got direct TV. He got his dick. Oh, I don't know. He doesn't got what a brain. He wasn't got a dish. He just told him the cable company. F off. By the way, speaking of Vegas, Hank yesterday's put up. Poked his head in for a couple of minutes. I asked him about the National Airlines thing. And he did come back when he was out in there. And Vegas a couple of weeks ago. He didn't come back on the action. And he said it was great. He said we love Las Vegas National Airlines. We love them profusely. In fact, that's from all of us here at QA, especially me in Hank. Not that we're stuck in a lot for free trips or anything. Are we? We are. I'm sure why not. And we even love our good buddy, dick. I think I probably loved dick a little more than the Hank. Those, but nevertheless, what's your guys name? I got to hear. I've got to believe me. I got several messages from that guy right here in my dick. Oh, shit. They must have dogs named after him. His name is Shimitsu. Don't they have a Shimitsu dog? He's the big shot. The head of the Hanchewood Las Vegas National Airlines. The flying nonstop direct to God. I got the whole schedule there. But anyway, Hank said it was very enjoyable. And first class was sensational and there was big and roomy in spaces. And great. And sure it's helped me to America worth by the way. I continue here in nothing but bad things about America worth their lines. I mean, more people had bump into me in the airports intentionally. And then after they picked me up, they say, by the way, you were right. America worth blows. We had a real bad experience. Even though they've gone to the airbus, now which is a better plan than what they were using before. Nonetheless, they got all kinds of problems. And a lot of them on vacation. One of the flights I guess coming back. I was reading in USA today. One of those nice colorful list that they got about the customer complaints and who's the back and who's the worst and who was the worst in each category. You guessed it. I'm looking up to their name. I'm American worst. So I'll pass on America worst, thank you. And I'll stick with the National because Hank says it's pretty good. And the price was right. I'm sure. Here's Miami. Hello. All right. Here we go. Here we go. Boy, should go. Here's why I'm alive. That really is doing a big part. I like it when we get one like this. You can really really make a part. Thank you. Thank you. Make a while of sunshine. So see they can continue replacing instruments in here from now until the end of time. The fact is that there's something screwed up with this phone system. And the fact is that they're paying somebody's money harder and money, which they're not doing about paying because they don't like paying their bills in this company. But they're paying a harder and money to sell south. And they still want demand to God damn service. And I chose you what a bunch of crap operators these people are here. So like FPNL, would you pay your monthly electric bill if they had the electric off 90% of the time? I don't think so. You'd probably go out and buy a bunch of candles and flashlights and then sue their ass. And the same thing with this phone company. If it was me, I had I'd have a lawsuit by the end of the day against God damn ass and bell south for the kind of crap service that we got on these lines here. And then Bluffs says, oh, the super buzz was just here last week and you said it was okay. Is it okay? No. No, it is not okay. Let me say it again. Is it okay? I think all it is not. The piece of smith. 5 6 7 0 5 60. Let's see if that's still on there like that because it was the nose. It's okay now. No, it's not. So here's the big home job on there. No, it's buzzing. Here's the mobile and for a lot of Dale. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. I want it. Great. Good. How much blue my ear off when you connect with this, aren't you? Sorry. I want to talk about the panthers. I'm going to be the only hockey fan down here. The desperate for hockey. Yeah, we had a flyer fan called in before did you hear that bozo? Who is not only did he not know that they stuck a puck in their own net last night, but they didn't know that they were playing New Jersey. And one of the big games of the year, which they got before the two, by the way. But this guy, that's the kind of hockey fans we got down here. He didn't even know who he was playing last night. Yeah, our jurors were the right. He went and go. He got credit for it, right. Yeah, well, yeah, just because he blocked it. Right. Anyway, I want to have to talk to the panthers or all hot and bothered about this guy from the Canadian Malacov or whatever the guy's famous. Yeah. Why are the panthers all over the Malacov was ulna that they were right? Oh, I have no idea. They have more. I mean, Peter were well. I'm so sick and tired of this crap with him and all the fights and all the other garbage. He can't play in the meantime. They got their ass kicked for to one. It's just like the last time that they got their ass kicked by the flyers. And they come back whining and whimpering about Lindrosis. So dirty and isn't it? You know, something if you're going to play with a big boys like Bullcamper said you better up tighten up your juxtap and go out there and kick some ass. Well, why did they play the Canadian so we could go and kick their ass and then, you know, they didn't kick their ass. It was a pretty marginal ball. I mean, it was a three to one. It's hardly an ass kick and if words were the fact that Vernon played, great. Do you want to want that game either? Well, about half of the stand is a ten ass kick and I just say I'm score more than three four goals anyway. Yeah. But even with even with Paul, but I couldn't believe a game the other night. Did you see who what's the space put on the line with with Buried Melody? Yeah. Oh, see the anchor Melody's been played with him this year. I don't mind what Melody's out there, but what do we got the warl out there and then I would barast our screaming at the set. I'd listen, we'll be out right pal. We'll kick some ass tonight. What about the play? What do you think our chances are on the play? And whoever gets hot, it's way too far to tell. Whoever gets hot at the right time, that's the team to be that's dangerous in the play off. I have a lot of hockey talk right now. No, no hockey talk. They don't know from it. Okay. They don't care. Don't you understand it? We're not having a hockey talk. No. The best was that so called Flyers fan before. Oh, well, I didn't see. I didn't get a hole. And who did they play last night? They played the top team in the league. The New Jersey devil's there in the middle and they got their asses kick for the two sir and they stuck within their own net. Nice going. No matter how many goons they put on that team, no matter how many genoa ojics they find and how many Craig Baroubis they find, they're still going to line up getting their ass kick when they push comes to show. Let me start shoving it. And by the way, in order to see the guiser no more, don't see him do it. Oh, no. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Good afternoon, Neil. Good afternoon sir. How you doing both all the ships at sea? Did you say that all the shimits at sea? All the shimits at sea. I've got three little letters for American pie. The movie? Yeah. American pie? Our American beauty. Yeah, American beauty. Yeah. HBO. Okay. It was terrible. Really? Oh, god. At the end of the movie, my wife and I looked at each other scratched our public and said, what the hell was that all about? You know, I mean it's like you're just waiting and waiting and waiting and waiting Yeah. Yeah, the movie is like nothing. But it says here, not got performances by Kevin Spacian and Ed Benning as battling spouses were among the eight nominations for Best Film Contender American Beauty. In other words, the people out there in Hollywood, these plastic jackasses, no one think are on the take. They've already made up their mind. But this is the one that fits the mold of what they like to heap all the awards to. So you can be sure they're going to get all the awards. It's terrible. And enclosing the flyers fan, you're a freaking idiot. Yeah. Okay. We've been play last night. Did they play? Well, yeah, part of the game, I guess. They got their ass kicked. Okay, sure that was their big chance. That was their big showdown. It was their mom at the shrine and they stuck the joint out. They got spit on. 560560, pound 560. On the 18T wireless line, of course, on a West Coast. Are we on the year and four Myers? Uh-huh. Why? They're pretty silent. Maybe they're pissed off because we got to the lay on. They don't hear all those nice awards anymore. 877-785-6345. Yeah, that probably would piss me off too if I turned it into a show every day. So why could I hear **** and ****? Yeah. And then all of a sudden I stopped hearing that. I said, what happened to that show? It's not likely it used to be anymore. That's the only reason we ever had anybody listen and format in the first place. So they could hear **** those words. Because generally speaking in Lee County, they're not allowed to say those words anywhere. Are they? No. No. They're not allowed to talk back even to their sheep. And look at that. So the jazz here's a call in Fort Myers. Hello. Fort Myers. Hi Neil. Yes sir. I just wanted to tell you, I'm a big hockey fan from a, but one way is back. I just got to a TV. Yeah, I got the hockey package. I'll write. I know you're talking. No, you've had a fantastic. But I got to say one thing. Yes. I have found that I could be watching and exciting games. And it doesn't matter who it is. But the commentator can put me to sleep. Right. The one thing that I have noticed and I'm not a Buffalo Saver stand. But that Rick Generat. He's great. He, he is. God, it'd be a best. No. It did. Well, who is? That that is my question to you. Who can you recommend? You'll bone at the Toronto Maple Leafs. Okay. The greatest talking answer in history. And Rick Generat is in number two. Okay. Is there anybody else? Well, I mean right after that, what more do you need? What's the name of my client? I don't want to leave my cop because he's going to be here Saturday. He'd be upset. Yeah. I don't even know that that generate is in, and I also found out that I guess he does the radio as well as the color cast. They say that he's on radio and TV. And what's his name? And then he's going to be pouring out of game, but he still makes it exciting. What's the color guys in general rent? I'm sorry. Yeah, exactly. But that is just the announcers are really what they're doing. Exactly. I'm telling you the great announcers make the game exciting. And you could have the most exciting game in the world of the answer is boring. People don't even realize how exciting it is. I'm not going to sleep when I watch a Boston Bruins game. Oh, that's a good idea. It's a good idea. And then I hit it because I'm going to bring back Frank Kusik. He's only 100 years old, bring him back alive. He's probably better than the rest. Okay. Thank you. And have a great day. Hey, Jeff, we know the scores. Turning it in. So the last team is in. We've died. Only on Sports Review 560. You A-F. This is your born voice of the Toronto Maple Leaf. They don't come any better than Neil Rogers. They're so worried. No, I'm not going to talk to them. I'm going to go home. I'm Rosanna Tan, I'm late for the night here today. They only have my Hispanic sounding game. I'll be here now for life and oh, it's all too true. The bullets can fit you inside. That's true. You're from a tiny little island. That's it. That's it. 20 feet wide. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's no one else can buy your wife. Outside the day, Calvina. I'm still in a convenient city. And for me to be as bad as promoting the blue. If you turn it for the lead, the camera. That's the special thing. Really look how I wear it. I'm like me, like on your schedule. I'm like, what are you mean with causes? I'm gonna have an ambulance. 29 seconds left. What's in front? There's my second. Jaeger. Check my girl out. Find a get to the fence. All on. Squeeze to the floor. Half the head for common. Find the second. Find a get to the fence. Get the fence. Get the fence. Get the fence. He's on a rear-releading of level over time goal. And the least when five seconds left. 23 and 560 WQM. Big game that I've tanned isn't a range, he's going to be there. Oh, George will be there. Oh, by the way, we got a problem on Monday. I don't want to say that they panther organization. Sometimes that's a little. He meds with lead Down There's no more movement He see that but he is a great I did happen in that conference, but it went some day soon like the night, but at any rate, what is it, President's Day or Lincoln's birthday or Martin Luther Cohn's last year? Washington's birthday. Isn't it President's Day? Well, whatever it is, it's some local holiday, okay? And so they decided, well, we'll have a afternoon game at three o'clock. Three o'clock. Do you have any idea how I'm going to have to race out of here? Make home, feed the dogs, take a leak, and then race over to the macaroon at the get there in time for opening face off. Is there a chance I'm going to make it? No. That means I may have to leave a little early on Monday. Well, of course, we'll be carrying the game. And what's the, a hand-sign I'm coming in for a half hour, is it? I guess we'll have Jeldi on game day. Maybe Jeldi can start his pregame like a quarter to two or something. Give me a little head start. Tria clock and afternoon. Do you have any ideas? Are there going to be anybody there? No. At least I won't have to worry about finding the right seat. I can pick any seat. I, I, I, I even my own rectum. Yeah. Here's a lady mobile and Delray Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, man. How are you? Great. What are you doing today? Uh, sounds like a radio show. Why? It's a good one today. I love it. Yeah. It is. It is all the way. You want to go to the floor for the tickets, like, or you want? You want to see me, I will go to the floor up on the phone. Talk about the range of games. I'm calling. You're calling for what? You said you'd like to give away tickets. Oh? What is it? Did you say that? Did I say what? Did you give away tickets for the mailpost? No. No. You must be listening to the recon suds. Ah. Yeah. I think you will. I think recon suds got those tickets. See it again. What's that? I said get on here. See, why is it a suit? You know something? I don't want to sound like Mr. Hot Shot here, but as soon as I saw that there was a lady uh, anybody. It was a lady mobile. It did happen. But as soon as I looked on the screen and saw that my next call I was going to pull off finger on a lady mobile. I said to myself, I bet you'd some bitch calling for hockey tickets because I jumped about that before. Do I have any to give away? No. And if I did, would I give away anyway? No. No. We're not giving crap away, lady. What is it about the women in this freaking town? Who have never anything to say to me, good veteran different. Most of them hate me like poison, by the way. And that's okay because they got no sense of humor in their uppice. And a bunch of humorless bitches about 75% of them. But boy, all I got to do is whisper. If I farted just the right, oh, that must be the he's given the hockey tickets away flavor that he just farted. We just smell that through the speaker better get on the phone and get some free hockey tickets. And then all of a sudden these people that have no time, they all we listen every day. We just don't have the time to call you, but they got all the time in the world. Whether it's on a mobile, a stationary, if they're underground and nuclear submarine, if they're in a goddamn outer space on the space shuttle, if they hear even a hint that it got free anything, they want it. Oh, God, lady, you're just unbelievable. Just like the brother call yesterday. I wanted it. Yeah. Here's a mobile info, Laterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. What's up, flat cheese? This is broad street Billy. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami, hello. Miami. Hey, you knew how I worry. Okay, a lot of assholes from Philadelphia by the way. You know what, the answer to the kiss. Listen, National Airlines. Wonderful. You were on it, huh? Just came back on the 11th. All right. And tell you what, the staff could not be better. Anybody who's flying in coach is going to enjoy those three seats all to themselves, because it's an empty plane all the way there all the way back. Really? Because nobody knows about it. Exactly. And if you want to upgrade the first class, I'll do it right at the gate for 150 bucks. Really? So it's absolutely wonderful experience. Outstanding. Go back again on the fifth. Beauty. Okay, but I'm going to, I was just there not too long ago at the end of January, but I think I may have to go back again soon to check the urlina. Oh, it's great. Okay, I love you. National Airlines. Las Vegas National Airlines. We are nothing but good things about them. And Boa, I'm going to tell you. Hey, stop. Hacking I love National Airlines. We're obsessed with it. Red leaf, this afternoon is a matter of fact. No, I don't want this to look. I said, right after the hockey game sounds good. 5, 6, 7, 8, maybe I'll go to Vegas after the show after I meet with my money guy. I'll just go to Vegas to that. And what time is there flight? Take a couple of days off because I've been back two days in a row here. Not too much for me. Let's see, oh, 10, 50 p.m. that's perfect. It gets here 6, 30 in a morning. Oh, no, that's coming back. Oh, 9, but even better, 9, 40 p.m. gets to Vegas. I love him 50 in the p.m. That's the night time flight. That would be great. And then I could give way my hockey tickets for night because I can go to Vegas. And then get on a plane at tomorrow night. Just take it day off. What do you think? No. What do you say, Doc? No. 21 before a one, it'll be great if kiss you don't. He'll be great with a country but and he does by the way, have a pickup truck. Will you ever believe he'd be the kind of guy that would have a pickup truck? No. What about a doberman? A doberman. What? Pinch. Back home. Hainies. No, I just said, tiny. How you doing, tiny? 21 before a one, it's five, 60 WC. It's just these guys. Nick and substance. Whatever the heck it is. And the people I call in, they're just like them like that they were on the, what a court the weed and they're high and they're, I mean it's terrible. For years that I've been looking at listening to six can and, and I see it. And now, Dr. Jeremy Burnham with a dramatic reading of no scrubs by T.L.C. Dr. Burnham? A scrub of the guy that thinks he's fly, also known as a fucca. All we've talking about what he wants, just sit and we broke that. So no, I don't want your number. No, I don't want to give you mine. And no, I don't want to meet you nowhere. No, I don't want none of your time. And no, I don't want no scrub. A scrub of the guy that can't get no love from me. Hang it out the passenger side of his best friend's ride, trying to hola at me. No scrub. No scrub. No no. No scrub. No no no no no no. No scrub. No no. No. Pufferry 5 at 5.50. Don't forget, Mr. M. J. J. Gannick, huge, Tom sucks by the way. Right, Harry and Joe and 98 degrees. What? Jeremy's the biggest regret 90 a few years ago. And she can't think of her shit. And as your mama guy, you know what's how they all, and what's they all stand very far away from her. Because there's a spishes about even though she don't look all that bad, but then one large brush she has in the middle of her chest. I can understand the need to restake far away from her. Oh yeah, right, Faggot's. She everybody that you don't like their Faggot's. Every, every musical group you don't like. If you want anything that aren't. Error Smith, are they Faggot? I don't know, let's ask TV. I don't think so. What's that? These daughter. 5675. I've seen you. You'd like to ask this daughter. 5675. 560. 560. On the 18T. Why was that? How about the guess who are they? Faggot. No, no, no. Oh, that's right. They're Canadian. So they must be. Here's a call from Albany. Hello. Albany. Yes, sir. Yeah, how are you doing? Very good. Listen to you every day and the internet. All right. Yeah. Hey, do you ever hear of the interim, the Roman Catholic priest? Sure. You had an article in Sunday's paper. Can I read just a little bit of it? Just a little tiny bit. Okay. The Kansas City star has announced that four times as many Roman Catholic priests have died of a. That's an old story. We covered that like a year ago, yeah. We just got it in our Sunday. Well, Albany's a little bit behind as you know. Yeah, I think you go to Troy and then to his connected ear. And the queue and for Donut. Yeah. And you see where he said there have been gate three gate bishops, gate posts. And probably even gate saints. There's no fact in the church. As usual, he's wet online, you know. Hey, and and talking about that priest work 10 miles from that. Rodder damn priest. You know, he was under three years of counseling. Yeah. And he just went to Bishop Park and said, it's like you work. You'd be pleased to know that he looks lovely with that wigg in the dress. I'm a he looks beautiful. I think in the New York Post, he's a real fashion plate. You've seen him when the news up there. Good old Denise. Hey, once shameless request. Yes, sir. Give me a yam on. Yam on. There you go, pal. Thank you. No extra charge. Have a great day. Okay, and travel it out. Very shoveling it out and all, but he aren't the and the snow too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. Wireless time. So Neil, when you an Amsterdam, you smoke any good smitter. What? I mean, what were you doing over there? You eat some French fries with like mustard or mayonnaise. Do you like slather it on there? And how about the mayonnaise? What? Flom stuff free to his baby right there in the dam wreck. Did I eat any? No. No. Those things will kill you. Fried food, deep fried food. Listen to your uncle, Neil, when he tells you, Fried foods will kill you. They'll put you in a box. Fast. Real fast. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami, Buenos dias. Yes, sir. Hey, I'm actually going to talk about the Oscar's men. American beauty is a wonderful movie. Yeah. And if it was too complicated for those people, maybe they should have stayed on their own. Or going to another car race or something. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It deserves every award it got. And I think you should run on see. They re-released it in a super Bruce Willis when we be. You should definitely run on trying catch American beauty. It should be re-released this week. Bruce Willis? Yeah, that's the one with the kid. He's a dead people. They're gunna dominate also for best movie. Oh, yeah. Yeah, they're real. I'll pass on that. The re-releasing on the movie. You should go catch them. What is it called? It's called this thing. Oh, the sixth. The sixth. Yeah. Okay. I'll run right out right now. It's a matter of fact. I'll do that. Thanks. So he says it's great. He says American beauty is sensational. The other guy was a blurr like that. It goes to show a different stroke. Everyone I saw. It was great. Everybody said so that was the guy before that. And of course, that was Gary. The call said that. Gary, the Simon. Why does he call this show? Why does he call this show? I mean, we like him a lot, but he's just not a caller. I've tried to explain to him. We like him. We appreciate nice things he's done for us. It's not personal. It's business. And he's bad for business. His calls are terrible. Offer. Grow test. Gary, you're a great guy. You just not cut out to be a caller on this on this show. Maybe Rick and Doug, okay, but not on this show. You're all on the same Gary? No. Right. So now you're going to start to catch on. Say it after me. No. No. No. No. Stop, Gary. Well, I noticed that you were one eyebrow went up to the middle of your forehead when I was on it. And I recognized the voice is being chronic, but I didn't realize that it was Gary the Simon. Because if I would have known that it was Gary the Simon, I probably was said. It must be a great movie. I'm going to rush out like the last guy just said. And go see him or community must be sensational. I mean, Gary the Simon is a good guy, but a little bit slow. You don't want to say it. You followed my little slow. So like this last guy may have had him peg pretty well. Probably a little bit too complicated for Gary the Simon. Just stick to USA today and those nice color pictures they got in there and those charts and graph. Gary, you'll be okay. And have somebody read it to you'll be just fine. That's right. He's the only sign man that I know that after he finishes the sign, he's assistant has to read him what's on the sign. And he must be easy to read. Lucky or he's very good, but you always get to spell right. You know, you're okay, Gary, but just say it again. No. That's it. Come on. You're going to take a more call. Oh. That's not an edible. Gary. Now you're catching on. Just stay in a hell of a way. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 6. What about that little girl? Nobody has any comments about that. Fourteen year old girl. This is a young bitch that threatens to blow up the school. And that he says he's a good girl. I mean, what what his comments are unacceptable. It's one thing to support your kids. But this was a grotesque horrendous unacceptable act and he literate peace of sweep it away like, oh, don't worry about her. She'll be alright. Yeah. Just remember he raised her. That's what Ted Bundy's parents probably said too, you know, before they threw him in a trash can. Yeah, every week, you know, bugs me all these minorities in one death row, these poor dark people like Ted Bundy, I'm sorry. Every time something goes on and there's always because of racism, right? And there is a lot of racism, I know, from personal experience. Here's a mobile in dear field, be chilla. Yes, me over here speaking. Yeah, my name's Big Al. First time I'm a whole one-time fan and the colon front of me stole a little bit of my thunder. I also want you to know his big Al. Big Al. What does that mean? Like Al LinkedIn? Well, yeah, I'm big and around the way flying, absolutely. I have to, and that's about the only place I'm fortunate. Yeah, well, we don't do names on a show, so that's, but that's okay. All right. Well, this is what you're going to know. A little pretend we didn't hear that. Okay. I'm also defending American beauty. Yeah. I think it's an excellent movie. It was perfectly cast. The the roles were very well-acted. There's so many things and angles to it. I, I, I too recommend you go out and see it. There's probably an angle you would find interesting. There's a homophobic portrait in the, oh, I'm, I'm, I'm interesting. The way that people describe my attitudes about the movie. So, I'll read that there's some vague angle and I, whether it's the mad Damon movie or this one. Then I would enjoy it. Is that it? In other words, gay people only enjoy movies where there's a gay angle to it. Is that it? Well, no, I, I, I would like to find it. It is. I would say it's that you might find it. Interesting. You go back on. You're my find particularly. I see it. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. We go. Thank you. Thanks. Sergeant Rary Defensive, there, didn't he? Oh, yeah. I just don't understand it. I think the problem being that most straight people, for example, when they go to a movie, does there have to be a straight angle in the plot? Oh, yeah, every time. Yeah. Everybody that said that they like to movie was a straight as a board. That said that they liked American beauty. What about you in the assignment? Oh, oh. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line out of townline. Four Myers is open. Did they got any opinions on the movie? Oh, I don't think they shouldn't have shown gone with the window over there yet. The four Myers had it. No. Hey, don't get around. What Dr. Gika and Mr. Hyde is going to be big over there. And let's pick up the sunset. Dr. Gika and Dave Hyde. Here's my me spring. Hello. Yes, sir. This is my be the small unemployed roofer. Okay. Welcome back from your casinos in Toronto. Anyway, having heard you talk anything about their Thomas. You haven't heard me talking anything about it. What does that mean? He's dead. Yeah. Exactly. What would you like me to say? Oh, what he called before? We had a conversation about it and I agreed with him. And my comment was that he's dead. And he said, that's it. Why are we having a big red stimulus about it? I missed it. I missed it. My apologies. But it was in he the one or his mom said something or she said the magical words as he was tumbling down the uh that interstate when he had the accident that he was alive because he said they even geese is just something like that. Was it was it him? No. No. I'm trying to remember who the hell I was. No, that was that was something that played in the Super Bowl. Who the hell was it? Wasn't somebody from who the hell was it? Oh, well. Was it somebody from Tennessee that said that? No, was somebody from the ram. Somebody from St. Louis that said that. Can't think of who was. Somebody will call them tell us some sportsner, but it was not Derek Thomas. You see if he would have just said the right word. He'd have been okay. Exactly. He would have just said Jesus Jesus. Well, anyway, did you see that the Air Force had a flight by at the overhead the overhead stadium? Isn't that great? Government money was spent to honor a dead football player. Exactly. Isaac Bruce. Isaac Bruce, there you go. That was the guy. Isaac Bruce. Who's a local Schwarzier by the way. He's the one that said, you know, I say Jesus would stop the bullet and set him in Salana. I've noxious comments. Incredible. Okay. Have a great day. All right, and the with a stool pass. Just like a bad kidney stone, this two-shell pass. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got 14 aerodopher lines here in our five minutes to go. Can they do it? Can they make it today? Oh. The verdict is American duty is a great movie because Gary the Simon didn't like it. That's not, no, not, no, not for any other reason necessarily, but because he didn't like it, we assume it to tremendous movie. And if he would have just told me that when he was on there, we would have saved this a lot of grief. And then the other guy wouldn't have had a call back and feel so bad about it. Just consider the source. Okay, pal. It was Gary the Simon. To meet him is to know him. Trust me. Good guy, but a little strange. 1256 is 5.50. The one you QA in. Hey, listen, everybody. Even the nice people, like Joe Resolio, our guy from Roth office apply. He's a good guy. But, you know, every time he comes in here he's peddling a song at a dance about that leasic. But I don't want those slicing in my eyeball, please. I'm an old fart. I'm happy being half bald with the glasses. It doesn't bother me in the least, but I can see what I'm looking for real good. Okay, believe me. And I'm not cock-eyed. Four minutes till one QA in. We got with the first piece Joe wrote a chapter for us. If he goes to the next piece, we'll see more in six. Only on Horde Radio 5.69 a.m. Okay, why are you just so loud? Just one marijuana cigarette can cause memory loss and Palamaria, just one joint will drive you to madness. It will make you look out your eyeball, just to see what's under the dresser. The world as you know it will seek to exist. You will as your ultimate realities like being traveled to death by fatting serious Jamaican winning. In fact, some of the different studies I've shown that marijuana causes polio, it will make your balls dribble up into tiny little BBs. Smoking the world will make you die. Really? We gotta believe this. We have to say things like that. Oh, and up sexy bad too, this message made for by the partners against was in America. All right, hey down in Jamaica in the car, up in. They got me this verb that you have heard. Oh, and anybody in the table of wood, they tell you this country where the gun's ready to go. Are you? I'm coming as someone to sell and from a mile away, you can detect these now. Oh, smoke, gun, smoke, smoke, smoke. Oh, he liked the smoke. He's flip and smoke. He's flip, gun, smoke, smoke, smoke, smoke. The gun's pretty good. You'll take a relaxer verb and decundee. Back, smoke it every day until you're long soon. With all the fun it has to be a bit. Jamaica does some need and a foreign debate. American tourists from here and say, got nothing like this in the US. They smoke. Smoke, gun, smoke, smoke. They like up this flip and smoke. They begin to pop and choke. Smoke, gun, smoke, smoke. The gun's pretty good. I'm not out for some you are and I'm not man. You like to smoke to join us if whenever you can. Many people coming here from miles around to buy the route from you by the ounce of the town. Across the mountains it's a lot of armor you write. They can't be good tonight and then they smoke. Smoke, gun, smoke, smoke. They like up this flip and choke. Smoke, gun, smoke. Smoke, smoke. Smoke, gun, smoke. There's a kind of jet here. All right. Come on. 104 or 560WP. Two. I'm out of wait. You ever see Wilson pick it? 560560. Maybe he was working at the frontier out there in Vegas where they usually are picketing out in front of the building. It's a big Wilson picket. Not anymore you want. I saw him pick it at the nearest steakhouse. I remember the New York steakhouse? Oh, those were the days. The owner New York steakhouse. What that was his name, Sussman? Yeah, that was his name, Sussman. He's dead. Big Wilson. He's dead. Two big fat guys. Huge. That was a great place. New York steakhouse originally was on the biscuit when I was originally or in a beach. What was that? Trying to think which was first the chicken or the egg. Was either first over on the beach and then they moved the biscuit in like north-aid. Well, we used to have so many great places, so many, many great places. Even Rocky Grass Cion is used to be pretty good, which is now like some seafood joint. 135th in this game somewhere around there. Of course, you know, north-aid. It just ain't what it used to be. You know, I'm talking about, you know, I think you do kind of the complexion of that neighborhood has changed. 560560, pound 560 on a AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami? I knew. Yes, sir. You were talking about the Westminster dog show. Yes. And the Nintendon. Uh-huh. You're minting Detroit. Not a carrier. He's in the Tigris. He's a toy. You didn't know what you'd do with toys when they were on a throw in a garbage. Oh, that's true. Uh-huh. That's true, but yeah, he's in the Tigris. He's a carrier. No, he's a toy group. He's in the Tigris group. He's a miniature fancier. He's a guy that is dying. Well, because of his size. Yeah. That's why he's a miniature fancier. He's actually ripped down over the you. No, it's been nothing to do with the doberman's picture. Oh, yeah. He doesn't know. Oh, I'm sorry. He told me just recently when I came back from vacation. He told me, I got nothing to do with the picture. Oh, you know, not anything to do with them. Yeah, putting up the wrong side of one. I said, pinch this. He ran like a son of a bitch. I don't blame him. Yeah, I mean either. I don't blame him. No, uh, the story is a toy. He's a toy. He's in the Tigris group. You know, maybe I'm a citizen. If we have, are you saying he's a boy? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, go ahead. Okay. Thank you. There we go. Let's have some more doggy talk. Oh, no. Where was the laboratory? We drove around the list. And it's because of breadbox. How about a shit, too? Oh, that's a guy from National Airlines. Isn't that the shit, too? 560, 050, 5060, on the AT&T line. I'd take great exception of what this guy just said. I know my dogs, baby, and a minute to print your, uh, uh, what ever you had, Prancer is a goddamn terrier. But that's what they break it up in the, uh, you know, the show. Working dogs, sporting dogs, toys, pain in the S. I contact dogs. That's the mintin. How many years have I been warning you people out there? And also, you people live out in the acres, quit letting your dogs run loose. What does that frost my ass? Because I love dogs. And I despise people. I mean, I realize once upon a time, because I live in plantation acres now, like, uh, at least 10 years. Yeah, but nine or 10 years. And once upon a time when I first moved there, there was those sagrass mills, mall, there was no nothing. We just opened, I was like, live it in the country. Is it living in the country anymore? Oh, no. And I don't mind those pending-ass peacocks at some of my neighbors have, you know, and all the other, you know, because some of these people still believe they're living out in the country. But when you're, you're dogs run loose. First of all, against the law, that's number one. And number two, if you care about your dogs, you have to be crazy. Because even on the side streets out there, people like me use those streets to strawberry shortcuts. And we're assuming 90 miles an hour up and down there. And if you don't like it, get that out, you know, too bad. No, seriously, I don't speed on those side streets. But, uh, what, what are dogs running around the street? Now, catch. That's more than we're liking. You want to let your little pussy out there loose in the street, and I go right ahead, boy, because I got a heavy lead foot when I see pussy in the street. Man, I'm telling you, woo! I just step on it, and the gas pedal, too. Nick's very hell of a stench though, when you splatter one of them in the street. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. On the, hey, listen, if Tuesday is, I'm in co-her, I don't know what I'm saying. Must have been to bad drugs and Amsterdam. You don't talk about that. Yeah, bad mushrooms. I do love mushrooms though. 14 mushrooms, portobello mushrooms. Now we're talking good Italian, right? Go bad. What's up with your dog from a spoco? Hey, Lord, how's this, Lord? Where, Lord, is it? Let's do some cooking for it. Alright, alright. Not sure knows, oh. That's the story about a pseudo-morning. Where come from Alabama, and what come from Illinois? We come from Carolina, and from Mississippi too. We love to do tobacco and shop. Yeah, sir. We're red men, and... We're drugged. We're... Oh, just a little bit more. Man, Mr. Tony, don't worry. How did he do that? He can't stop carcaging and bring him on the pier. We'll throw a big part thing. We'll fill up the place. It's time to add in to how to nest carcaging. That's the brick yard that he is. He's been playing Indiana, you ass of him. What's that, Space? He was playing carcaging, so I'm home to Newbury. We love wrestling while I show him a love lake speed. You can see I'm a nest carp and run the bag. His past is a little low. You can see it's bug-crack. He's a... Lord, I can see it half-novey, and it's broad daylight. Get yourself a fail. I'm gonna put my name on the bucklop. Some of the nest car girls don't wear no shoes on their big plopping. Who do they got big tattoos? And Mr. Ricky, meet the certain fella from the sound. They're terrible if he does, just you should've got a perfect pile. Boy, give me big hrs and things. You can't do anything. Hey, you know what? Look at Sam Jigkel's dance. She's got a nail-earned heart tattoo right there. 20-her boo-beets. And Harry's dance. The cleaner my... He's low-wise. Let him sing your big three. Lord, I'm in your difficult hands. Who's here, half-novey? I'm in the evening and I'm coming back. God, God, myself, the checkered flag. It's male to my gunwear. I break your chin. That's how the soul of four layers ever hand. Next year, I'll bring my parents. Mom and Uncle Day. She'll only move to keep the boy. Dad, bottom all the way away. I got me a picture, Richard Petty and Elvis. And I'm the owner of Jason May. One 15 is five, 50s of it to come out. This is a Bob and Tom 1994 best of that. That's from at six years ago. And here it is, 2000, and can we say Dick on ear now? No. I mean, we're not making any progress. Are we? Why can't we say Dick? You know, I think slowly but surely. Maybe rapidly. We got to start breaking down these barriers. These ridiculous artificial barriers set up by these old the credence and Washington. It's unacceptable. And then public sits back. Okay. Whatever you tell us in your right. That's a good point because if people say Dick on ear, then all of a sudden more of these little kids are going to start setting bomb threats to school. As if one thing has got to do with the other. Maybe the fact that that father was so like willing to cover up an acceptance and condone and minimize all of this. Maybe that has something to do with the way that this kid has been brought up. And the behaving that way. You think that might. The possibility of this. So, I think that's the possibility of this. I think so. Five six seven. I wouldn't happen all the ladies. We had like 50 ladies on. They're all the same time. And then we went to the break. And of course not only will they not call us. We're giving something away. They also won't waste. Because they're busy. Here's the lady in four mires. Hello. Oh. Yes, man. On the else. Yes, I am. Hi, Neil. I'm in Fort Myers. The lady from Fort Myers. I'm not calling to get anything for free. Good. I'm calling about the dogs. I have my own men can. I'm so sorry about that. Oh no. It's lovely. It's a very happy little dog. It's very lovely. It's hysterical. Well, yeah. He is crazy and hysterical. But that's part of the wild. Yapping. No, no. Actually mine's not. Really? No, yes. It's a really pretty good little guy. We've got a cat that keeps him busy. Good. I hope the cat got claws. Yeah, does. Good. Good idea. Well, the cat runs the house. But we don't let her out. I agree with you about living cats out. That's not a really good idea. But in any case, we're talking about classifying how the dog is classified. The different kind of clubs classify them different. If the guy that called before had listened to me was talking about the men pin, it is not a bread downed overman. No, of course not. It had not related in any way to a doberman. Absolutely not. If anything, the doberman was bread off of the men pin. But that's even questionable as it is. But you're right. The dog is a terrier. Right. They put him in the toilet. I like it all far like that. That calls up and is giving me instructions. He's giving me an education about my dog. Oh, I know what the idiot. I'm believable. I know. I can't believe it. The mentality of some of the people out there in the world. But think of it for smart ones, right? Right for us. But I just wanted to clarify that you guys know that it depends on how the camel club is going to classify the dog. No, you have a microwave in your home. Yes, they do. I hope it's like a full size. Oh, God. Yes, it's a big lie. I'm just kidding. I'm sure of me. I want to start it up because that can be very dangerous with him inside. But just if you put him in there and close the door and tell him that if he's not nice, you're going to have to start it up next time. It works every time. Like a charm. I imagine it would. And then there's also the regular oven too. Have a great day. You too. Okay. See there you go as usual. Oh, God. Had his thumb on it as usual. This old guy. No, it's that toy and it's really, yeah. Sir, I think you need a toy is what you need. Maybe someone always is a gummy bears. What would honey bears? Gummy bears? Whatever she was sticking in her. Correct. Fine. That was a nice job over there by the way, Bob. Yeah, why don't you have to crash you. It's a crash you. You know about crap Bob. Let me tell you that right now. Yeah, I guess we're not going to get on the TMI. So as well, rip the hell out of those costs. People and tell them how we really feel about how they screwed us over a big time. Had that meeting that day and tried to demean and dehumanize all of us. Well, I got better things to do than come down here. And you know, we've tried everything we know to make this station profitable. And there may be somebody also had better luck. Yeah, maybe somebody also had better luck like buddy bud packs and. Some smuck like him that would know a radio from a pop up poster and still want upsellers on the goddamn station. Make it a big profit often. No doubt. And then make it a big profit off. You bet you're sweet as they did. Big time. And then, of course, you got that text that bull crab going as pony baloney hypocritical sewer. Religious bull crab and got NBC and on the deal and made millions and millions more that. But, I guess what the best part of the deal is is stock is still in the crap about 11 bucks a share. Don't buy the passion stock and don't whatever you do buy the. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T wireless line. Here's a pig reporting pepper pines. Right. Yeah, um, you need the only to report real quick going westbound on camp street just before you get the flamingo road. All right, by the old radar trapea. That hit right by the mobile station there, just before you get the 80 Smith Park. There's a big just they're doing it. They they they live there. They must think I set up shop there and just a camp out. Well, I have a couple of favorites. Sponsored long calf street. That's one. That's been high ages is another one exactly. I was going to say that as you're going as you're going west also you a little bit further down towards captain. They love that neighborhood as well. Yeah. And then just before you get to the next full shopping center. Which is a camp and I think it's Douglas. Right. Usually parked on there. Today they're doing cats and something. So thanks a lot of tempered pines for keeping us. They're all they do especially in tempered lakes more so than tempered pines. Tempered lakes that's all that they do is sit out there and shoot the crap in the street. They're doing it now. Thanks for the good news. Well, thank you. Sure. Have a good time with the hockey game tomorrow. All right. Yeah. Or tonight. Is the game tomorrow? No. Tonight. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. How about that rate? Whitney. I forgot to mention that the other day. I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. And I was going to say that the game is going to be a bit more difficult. Or the seat belt seat belt. Yeah, you felt USA baby. Okay, thanks for the good news. The seat belt police are right at the radar police are right at your law enforcement dollars It work keeping you safe or the keeping you saying no they're handling your ass. See that's another thing I was thinking about them over there in Amsterdam and they're just walking Along my middle business. You know, on both sides of the main police station and the red light district on the warm or Strat the redevaceline is most people call it. On both sides of the police station, they're coffee shops. One on each side. That's for convenience. No, I'm serious. They're coffee shops and they're inside smoking. They got their little menus and with their weed and their hash and whatever they do in And so I'm not paying any attention to it. And about a half a block down like I said is the stable nasty bar for all the other Freaks. Just like America, right? No. No see in a lot of play and civilized places they pay the cops to protect you to keep it safe. Here they pay the cops so they can hassle us. That's what they pay the salaries for. So they can sit there this morning coming down hiatus to Howard Boulevard with my little strawberry Short cut to work every morning. I'm going down hiatus in there's two Appointation porcus sitting over there. In the middle of the median there on a road where the speed limit is 35 and should be minimum 45. One of their favorite speed traps like shooting fish in a barrel on hiatus road between sunrise and Howard Boulevard. Shame on you. And of course, you know, I say this in Appointation Chief. He's been like poison anyway. But that's okay because he'll die someday. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. 6. 5. 6. 6. 8. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. 10. Well, I want to do something very important. On the Yesterdayda, I guess it's a fury. I'm going to show you exactly what it is. But he has right on our out looking for people heading, I guess. West. How do you work on sunrise Boulevard? So you got there, also. And also I went over to, or we're like I said, I was going to overdo to, uh, to to the Pittsburgh Market up there. I'm going to show that if you shop there or not. But that's one of them in there. That is the most rudish clicks that you can ever shop that and I'm going to go to it. I'm going to get. I'm going to go to that that's dot com to that. Yeah. I mean, just to where to stop on the internet because. because they're rude. I was extremely rude. They have one cashier with 30 people in there. And I talked to the manager and I said, listen, how come you have 30 people waiting here and you only have one cashier? They go, well, the other cashier, the other cashier stock in shelf. Well, I guess I made a good choice. I've never been anywhere close to that place. And I could walk from my house to there. And I've never been even thought about going in there. I'm also very happy to be in the spring or spring or spring or one that that great shook. Because we have one of those dogs. And there's fantastic dog breeds. OK, have a great thing. OK, no more dog breeds. OK, I'm sorry. I brought it up. No more doggy breeds. I don't want to do the dog thing again. Because then we get calls like that old fossil before giving me a lecture or song or dance. And Burke, always very insistent. The people I love the best of the ones who are insistent. And you know that they're wrong. Everybody in the world knows they're wrong. But they're insistent. Oh, no, I'm sorry. But the earth absolutely are the sun travels around the earth. 560, 50560, count 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's do some more doggy talk. What do you say? Oh, come on. Where's that on the list? Is it number one? Is it number 500? And there's only one big event left. And that's best and show. Oh, come on out here. Get those silly people. Those silly, prancing, missing people with those leashes. Those people should be on a goddamn leash. 1 26 at 560 WQM. Only one South Florida radio station. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. You're a listening to it. And it's over. We've da happiness at two. Sports radio 560 QA. Hey, what do you have up here? 1, 2, 3. I made a few college and average to see. I have a lot of money. But not much of a frame. Like most of you voters who were just as lame. But I could say one thing that used cam. My daddy is an ex-president. I got money. Power. It's up to the lose. I can do everything I use. The name of it, a cash is all I need. Is that as far as I eat, go and my green. Manipulated marker things all I use. A corner vote for more honesty. Like you. That is clearly fun with the last. I don't think I left them that much. For members of those for George Bush and those of you who know you can kiss my touch. You see what matters to me about the presidency. Is that a makes a nice conversation piece. I'm the king of denial too. I have no problems. Lies with you. So why is it so important for you to know? With or not, I did blow. I didn't blow. I didn't blow. When I'm naked, I'm not naked. I'm not naked. I'm not naked. I'm not naked. I'm not naked. I'm not naked. I'm not naked. I'm not naked. I'm not naked. I'm not naked. I'm not naked. I'm not naked. Yeah. Thank you. Okay. 131 at 5.60 WQAM. How about a little... Uh... Yo, listen. I'm here in the story. First radio show in America to play that song. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. One of the songs. Yeah, on a receiving end. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line out of town line if we got any more mouth free. There's a breeder's like him. 8, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45. Hey, let's see how you have to be sheepish about it. Over there on the west coast. We understand that a lot of you guys like you're getting down all fours. It's okay as long as you have your rear view mirror on, I guess. Here's a mobile in your field, B, chillo. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I just want to tell you what to do. You know, can you meeting for you in a fellas? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Like I said, I think we got a private set of whole things. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Pretty weak. And you wonder why we resort to music on these shows every now and then because you can't do a four-hour show in this town anymore. They have no material. They have nothing to say. And it was women that were on there before they're gone. They are, oh, here's a lady in Highly. I mean, she's got something to say. Hello. Neil, how you doing? Great. Neil, I just wanted to say, I'll make a quick and simple here. I just wanted to tell those Rangers, you've ranger fans today in the game because I'm going to be there. They're going to get their ass attended to them. I think so. I think about the five to two sounds good. Yeah, that sounds good to me. Neil, sounds good to me. Are you going to the game? I'll be there. All right. Neil, what section are you? And I'd like to say hi to you. One-o-one. All right. I'll be there Neil. Be there with bells on. All right. It's a popular in the race. Whitney and Buray, Buray and Whitney. And then he's like I said yesterday. A Greg Co-tex and, or was it the Dan LaBancid? I guess he's one of the all-time worst and Dave Hyde. Well, Dave, every once in a great while, about twice a year, he writes something and makes sense. And the rest of the time he regresses. And the only times he writes anything that makes any sense when he steals it right out of the show. Of course, I was on vacation. So what is he write about Dan Marina, the greatest athlete they both wrote this crap. The greatest athlete ever put a uniform on in this town. So ludicrous. So ridiculous, as much as I loved Danny Boyne. As great as he was. He was a statue with a great arm, a great passer, a great competitor, a guy with lots of ability, lots of desire to win. But to call him the greatest athlete to put him in the same class with Pavelle Buray is like, you know, it's a joke. It's like putting a great, in a class with the recon suds, you know? Shame on you guys. But it's a one-dimensional horse and buggy town. So what do you expect? You expect him to broaden the horizons and learn something a little bit. And beyond the same old crowd, all the same old pigs get out. No. One thing about that Dan LaBaz did, he wouldn't know a pigskin from a foreskin. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. New Rogers, my friend. How are you? Yes, sir. Okay. Nice to have you back in this dump. And I want to just give a quick, a pigly floor and also let you, after quick question. Take a quick first of all. I'm Pines Boulevard going eastbound by BCC. This is sitting out there like with goddamn cameras holding them out there like the train. How long are you doing on the way to Godfather's? So I could think was I just wanted to know your official anniversary date in the market. March one. March one. And if anybody has a heart, get out there and send cards. You can give an address to that. They're going to hang out on hearts. They don't give a crap. Well, no, they don't give a shit. That's right. But I mean, I live in Hollywood. We just had an election with a mayor and out of, out of, so many people in the city maybe like 6000 showed up. That's the rope today. And when they wonder why they don't. Only 6000 people are able to get out of the house don't you understand? The median agent Hollywood is death plus 10. That's a good point. Well, have a great day, pal. Take care, buddy. Hang in there. There's a young man in Hollywood. I feel for him, believe me. I feel sorry because like I said, the median agent Hollywood is 100. It's Methusel plus 10. Very old, old, crusty place, Hollywood. And Portio Costello, Joseph Good guy, but he was trying to give me a song to dance again about that place where they got the thin pizza on the 441. What's the name of that villa rose? Don't you remember years ago people were, and I was talking about this great thin pizza that they make in Italy in the wood burning ovens? In fact, I heard beef old do a spot this morning for a place. I can't think of what the name was. It was one of his famous restaurant days where he's going to be doing an appearance of Saturday and their big deal is that they do the pizza in the Italian wood burning ovens. We'll thin the Italian. I'm assuming they make. I hope. So what anyway, he was trying to give me a song to dance about villa rose. villa rose is okay if you like sauce on a cracker. That's what their pizzas are like. And the client telling there, you talk about hillbilly heaven. And maybe that's why Joe likes it. Maybe he gets a lot of his truckers knitted and talking about auto racing and the Darlington of this and darling that. That's what the what's his then Gordon John Cox is a lot. And also the other Gordon. Yeah, he says something about darling. You don't know Gordon John Cox from Hastings, Michigan. You don't know your auto racing man. No, I don't. You're so limited. No, you know the petty's. You're always on the bread when you go to North Carolina. All the loaves of bread have racers on them. Yeah. And trading car. He's in Darling. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. You can be sure all those auto racing guys. Meet at those truck stops a lot. Hello. Mobile in Miami going once. Deal. Yes, sir. Are you doing bus? Okay. I just got back from a real man's town. What's that? Vegas. All right. I went for the first time in my entire life. And let me tell you I stayed at the gym grant. Right. $8600. You made $8600. $8600. Come back from Vegas. I went at wood like $2500. And my girlfriend left most of it. But I came back and I made bank. $8600. You made $8600 profit. $8600 profit. There you go. I'm moving back. I got to get out of this car and just places a big dump. I just got to get out of here. I'm going back to Vegas. Okay. I'll see you there. Nice. I got my man. Okay. So Vegas is still there. It's still pretty good. That's good. That's reassuring. 5. 6. 5. 6. And this town is still here. It still sucks. Okay. Not so reassuring. But I kind of felt it. You know why I came back when I got it. In fact, is we walked through the jetway on that plane from Atlanta. Coming back to Las Vegas. You're going back from Amsterdam on Monday. And you could hear people say, I'm always the first one off the plane and one of the first four or five. The other way around. And the people behind me are going, oh my god. Feel like humidity. Just hit them in the push. These are almost all people from, you know, other parts of the country. From Atlanta. Oh, and by the way, talk about a cracker town. Anybody ever calls this show and tries to tell me that Atlanta is like a civilized place. Between your news, people are papers and the bunkens up there and the people you hear on a radio. That is the most Yahoo. I remember the time that we're talking about the sign-up cast that we show on WSB in Atlanta when we were at IOD. And then they had second thoughts about it because they said that if you think Tampa is Yahoo and Perokio, Tampa is like metropolitan compared to Atlanta. And they're right. Atlanta is the, so if you think John Rockers out of place been in Atlanta, you're dreaming. That's a perfect spot for them. That's, that's their middle name in Atlanta. And I thought it's kind of surprising to me that all those parts are in there. 21 before 2 at 5. 60 WQMs. Totally, how, Erin's coming. Oh, I think the time is right. Only to touch my body. I want to be on the body. It just gives me a clue. So what kind of a choice? And find myself a hideaway. And I know one good had a way. And the turns that tuned. Oh, I find my plate boys and dreamy low shums. But to doubt, we'll let down all the ball. Oh, I'm too shy with action. In that slow motion, and I pray to no one accidentally always up the door. Because I got a message. I'm going to be on the way. I'm going to be on the way. I'm going to be on the way. I'm going to be on the way. I'm going to be on the way. Oh, I think I'm just going to play that four hours every day from now on. I mean, just, you know, from the next, however long I'm here. 145 at 5. 60 WQM, we're rolling along here. I'm going to sing a song. I got a lot of panther range. You take a step away between now and 2 o'clock. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. New Rogers. Yes, sir. Cardiologist here in Miami heard that you are giving away tickets. And I stopped my server just to call in. It was a joke. I was, let's see if people just call out to blue like some women. Hey, here you're giving away a free. Did you see how the blue? Yeah, out of blue. Yeah, okay. Much of that. Probably see I plant all these. It's part of my evil thing that I do. This agenda. That's a lovely show. Just wanted to call in and kind of break up a little attention there. Excellent. God bless you, sir. You're not pretty for us. I have thank God. There you go. He pulled off his heavy duty. There are probably people dying over there. And he called and do a do that thing. I've gone or something. I'm going to get again there from Italy. I've forced to keep on. And I would play a little bit of your body too. But somebody else, like that CD so much that that one disappeared. But nevertheless, I'll make another one. I'll burn one. I'm going to go home and burn one tonight and a CD too. What? That was a good investment. You remember that day? Yeah. That was quite a project. Now, who was booked for Volca Brian? What was the name of that place that the same good eats? No, that wasn't the name of that. Oh, yeah. Ash. Wait. And the same good eats are records. The same onion. You're good from your ash. Well, I know some of the same. Same. Same. And now I'm confused. Sam Ash. What did that place suck? Yeah, they wanted, I don't know what to do. Was it wouldn't take a check and then they wouldn't take my credit card number. And then they wanted to have that proper thing. Oh, my god. And where did I finally get it? Did we get it from them? Yes. After a lot of all kinds of grief. I can but from a different store. Right. A different location. Yeah. I don't want to say weird because John penis is in the hearing. More or no. It's Brian's account. I thought we are in the Saturday. But he never got back to what's is that. Because I don't want one of these things to pop up and then have to say, How come he had every showed up? I know that's about it. I have to send him a little Indian to remember that. Oh, yes. Well, one is there. I don't know. Okay. 560, 560, 560 on the 18T wireless line. Can't you see? I don't know. I don't know. Oh, yes. Well, one is there. I don't know. Okay. 560, 560 on the 18T wireless line. Can't see anything about our sales people and a lot of other people around here. They don't bother speaking to me as little as possible because they're terrified, which was what a bunch of pussy they are. So they go in there and they talk to George. Papa, Papa, Papa, just like they looked at Gary Sarner left over here. Did you ever get a hold of your head? Did you get it? No. Yeah, I read it in between the breaks on the show. Okay. Whatever you want, Gary, we'll pedal anything here. Here's a mobile and dear field. Hello. Yeah. I know. Yes, sir. Happy early. I'm going to the home of cemetery village. Two weeks from today. How do you like that? Two weeks from day. It'll be March the first 24 years. On a year and this God for second place. You know, I'm going to Amsterdam first time with my wife for an anniversary. Really? She just has to stay. I would suggest you leave your wife home first of all. All right. And secondly, you stay to nice hotel. All right. Like the hotel, Crown Plans would be nice. And is your plenty of entertainment there? There is lots of entertainment. There's lots of you'll be very entertained. I believe your wife home. And Neil, you've done. Okay. Have a great time. What? So how's it? 26 for you. You see, that goes to show you what I'm talking about this place. Apparently it's all arranged and it's not a good idea. I don't know what to do. First of all, it's a good idea. Yeah. Well, that's because he doesn't speak to us. Okay. We have this relationship with us. And all it's speaking of the sale of the parmots. So when his Peter left, he'd go into the coast. Or is that just a rumor that I started on the year? Yeah. He's a timing, Peter. See, this is why Peter Leonard schmoozes with Bobby Green and all the people in the business and Paul, he over there on Zeta and this one. And now because he, he hip hop, he hops around. He's like a guy named Butterfly and he. Speaking of Butterflies, you know what, what they call, huh? Well, what is a Butterfly before it becomes a Butterfly? It's a caterpillar, right? Right. And if it's a black caterpillar, what do they call it? A cocoon. Actually, it was a black caterpillar. It was a black caterpillar with a speedsteef fact, but that would have been bad. We don't want to make fun of people with speedsteef fact. Here's a deer field, hello. Dear field. Dear field, that's me. That sounds like you. Hey, I don't have a paper for it, but I don't know. You'll have too many piggy ports today. I'll have to, but not that I don't appreciate them but boy gets a boy. I got a good BSO story for you. A BSO. Okay. Sunday night, Paul Goverh, converged on by 3 BSO. Pulled over, pulled out of my car and gunned. Really? Really? I'm kind of a cop car. Why? Because they're looking for a guy in the same car that I have. A Honda Civic. How many Honda Civic are on the road? About 45,000 every highway. And so I get pulled out and, you know, almost shot in the face. I have a new a calendar's license plate on front of my car. I thought, geez, that's not what we're going to get shot in the face. No, they should have pulled you over, give you a sympathy card. I think they should have, for really. I'm hurtin'. So I'm a life-long outunderstand. So I'd love to see the range. Get the crappy data. Yeah. Well, I understand this plenty of free tickets. I hope you all will see it to box office. Okay, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5. Now, listen, the fact that we got all my lines for the first time today, I hope that they're not taking seriously that crap about give it away hockey tickets. Because this guy laughed when I said, I'm sure he realized it ain't good. I mean, being an eye-liver fan, he's got to have a great sense of humor. How about those Islanders, huh? That's okay. The flyers will be up. No, that'll learn there. So that's, you know, older crap. You know, just too many goons on one team. Goon rhymes with Kukukukukukukun. 10, me 4, 2, with 5, 60, W, 2, Q, and we got the Rangers. In fact, I haven't given you that the schedule for today. Shame on me. That's probably sitting in there getting all rubbing his hand legs together. Okay, insect. We got Hank in the studio. It's two. We got Gueldey on game night at six o'clock. But Gueldey's gonna have some great rumors by the way about bluff going over there to kiss their fan to be the PD and about what's his name coming over here. Cheers to Gacky. Yeah, which better not happen. And then seven o'clock, we got the pre-game to Rangers in Panthers 730 and then on Waxy. We got her cool basketball, Providence College Fires and her cool on 790 Waxy at the 7 o'clock tonight. And then Ed Kepplen after all of that buzzer eye. And George was just telling me about what a great time Mark Vandermeers, which already knew that. Not only is he a good guy, but he's also talented. He does a really good job. Nice going, Eric Mark. And of course, the obvious question is, what does he do in here? We just don't know. 151 is 560 WQA. Jim Mandage, talks sports, weekends, right news. I'm sports radio 560, you A.L. It just keeps getting bigger. You've heard of a squeak. You've heard him say, now the Ferret Talks dirty on a crystal clear digital recording that can now be yours. So we'll see if it's a proper lesson to the dirty talk. Picture what he's doing to you. He's a little bit more than his words work their match. It's the Ferret Talks dirty. It's a Ferret Talks dirty. It's a Ferret Talks dirty. A available now for $6995. Order today. 156 at 560 QM saw a Hank just giving a little piece of advice. He said, you know that stock. No. Yeah, he said, just keep that word in mind. No. I can't say which one, but just kept saying no. 560, 705, 60Y in the work. Possibly to give him the number of four minutes to a two o'clock. How can I be doing that? I must be losing it. Am I losing it? Four Rick and SUDDs. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Mobile in Davy. Yes sir. Hey, do you want to say that tonight? I'm going to my very first catcher's game. All right. And I think that in this town, Pauval Burai is the most underrated under appreciated player we've gotten this town. Absolutely correct. And I think that more people, I mean, forget the heat in the area. I understand there's empty seats, but there should not be an empty house. There should not be an empty seat in that area tonight. I want to be everybody. There's so many fans here. If I don't care if you're an underfed or a rater fan, if you're a fan of hockey, you want to see the best thing in this town goes to the place. What do you mean in the town? He's the best player in the world. That's just the best. I'm saying the Panthers in general. The Panthers. Right. Did he only think we got in this town? That's all we have is the Panthers in Godfather's. That's about it. Exactly. And there are so exciting to watch. I've watched on TV. I've been following him in the paper. And I think that the news that the supposed news tape or guys in this town don't know where the talk the moment comes to the Panthers. Well, they got a lot of company. I'll see you there tonight, pal. All right. We love you, Panthers. So, yes, we know, come on. Let's get out there tonight. What do you say? Come on. No. How about if we give you a hug? No. How about if you get laid there in the arena? Okay. I'll tell you one thing. You come out and take a look around all over the pendant, which came in. You know, some games you look around. There's a lot of real interesting looking people. Other games you come in. You look around in the crowd and you go like, like, like the night that those red necks were there. Wow. Hey, Panama, the board. Panama, the board. Warl, come on. You're a liar, sir. Which I was kind of impressed with. There was a, I knew he was a listener because, you know, when a red neck is out there speaking English. Here's a lady in Papadau Beach, shallow. Hello. Yes, man. How you doing? Pretty good. I'm excited about going to the hockey game tonight. Great. I'm a great hockey fan. I'm hockey and Rochester, New York. Watches your Amherst. Go Amherst. Go Amherst. Go, baby. My dad was from Toronto and he used to take us over to Toronto and see the main belief. And we used to go to Amherst games all the time. Right. Of course, when we were kids, a ticket from my dad to take us was like $3 for kids, something like that. The thing about the panthers is the big money guys like Wayne Hayes He's hezing. I have definitely priced out the average working person. Like, I'm dating a single father. He has two teenage sons. We're going to the game tonight. We've got the least expensive tickets. $25 a piece. That's $100. Jesus. And we're going Saturday night because I got a sea auger. Right. And the $25 tickets were sold out. We have $38 tickets that's $152. Oh my God. For kids. Jesus Christ. You know, in our home hockey, it's a last great sport but the big money guys and the big salaries are just ruining it for, you know, the average guy. You're right. They're killing it. But we watch it every night on TV that they're on. Go Panthers. Alright. See you tonight. The final score tonight by the way, Panthers, five the New York Rangers too. I just say that is one of those people that has tremendous psychic powers. You can feel it. You can smell it. And every time number 14 comes out there on here. I say it is the good number 14, which is our way. Whitney, of course, which is God. And that is the evil. I'm not just a little 14, which is the old ferry. I'm sorry.