How in 560 on your cell phone, the opinions of Neil his guests, co-workers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read accusations or the measly broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 560, QA, out. Get back now, get bigger and above the person. Long is back, and he's older than ever, in old finger. If I could only pull a shhtrega, damn that I proddish. W07 is at it numbers, 529123 for Social Security Benefits, and as traded in as outdated gadgets for his brand new high technology ones. The SpreadPrint Actors' Abroad Proofshave, it can take all kinds of crap. Not much has changed over the years. Why, Rich Marnie Penny, you're still below Proofshave ever. Jane, that's Ms. Money Dollar now. The cost of living now. The recent Playboy Senapold can't read of it. Stars as the Russian spy. Now that's what I call Pushi-Galor. Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. But Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And Sean Connery, still sharp as a tax. And the heat in the heat in the mix and the jets and the dolphins, the simile tire crack. Oh, this town is as predictable as the weather at the goddamn South Pole. Anyway, we had 317 votes. And winning, of course, was the, no. 211 said no. No. They don't agree with the verdict of the jury. That's two turds. And, of course, the other turds. You turd. 106 said yes. They do agree. Yeah. 33.4%. It's almost exactly two thirds to one third, two to one. They don't agree. Now, that's kind of interesting because in our local newspapers today. Look at this. The Harold and one that once the last time I agreed with the Harold, what year was that? What century was that? Once it had great wild, which goes to show you that if they throw enough crap up on a year soon or later, they'll get one right. But the Sun Sentinel, a disgusting, grotesque and unacceptable editorial today, just verdict, but questions remain. It sounds like that fascist Nazi pig Rudy Giuliani. They have written this. The Sun Sentinel. Keep in mind, the Sun Sentinel is on by the Chicago Tribune, rather, alter right wing. That is right wing is the Sun. Isn't it the Chicago Sun, the right wing, tablet? But almost. Very staggy conservative. The Harold, who says the yellow verdict, just is not yet served. Says, whether it's verdict, the jury is spoken for how much the law can bend to protect the right of defendants. Now, what's up to attorney general, Janet? We know justice to protect victims and ordinary people. It's not going to read the whole thing because quite frankly, it would be boring. Terminal. I've most of everything you find in our local newspapers. But the Sun Sentinel says, is it possible for something very bad to happen with anybody but anyone's being to blame? Unfortunately, the answer is yes. The Amidu D'Alo tragedy may be a case in points of the hearing. The Sun Sentinel. Is it possible to render a just verdict and not a chief full justice? Unfortunately, yes. The Amidu D'Alo tragedy may just be a case in point. I'm always due to time of the whole thing just to first couple of paragraphs. Now that a jury has found that four New York City police officers charged with killing the Alla were not guilty of the crimes of the United States. It's up to the city of New York. It's police department, the federal government, civil courts, and finally the court of public opinion to decide whether the former guilty of anything else or whether anyone else was. To do so, they'll have to traverse a mind-field of political pressures and warring agendas. There's that agenda again. Unlike the jury in the O.J. Simpson case, this one did not seek to put the system on trial. D'Alo is carefully followed Joseph, just as Joseph W. Theresa's instructions, and rendered a true and just verdict as to the charges against the four officers. A true and just verdict as your son, Sentinel. They've listened when the judge told him a police officer should not be considered the aggressor, just because he gives Chaser pull his gun. They did not fall for the Polarver, which the judge never heard that were before in a much of our print. The crap. That's Polarver. That's a big high-falotin word for, make no mistake about it. Yeah. They didn't fall for the crap about the number of shots fired, who's counting it such times, to respect the officers to be mind readers. They understood the cops sometimes must make split-check decisions about whether and when to use force and that such split-checking decision would lives online and never easy. And then there's a whole bunch of other crap. How do you like that? They didn't fall for the crap about how many shots were fired. So what the Sun Sentinel is trying to tell you is that if they fired 41 shots or 150 shots, or 350 shots, or 350 thousand shots, it didn't make any difference. Does anybody with a brain believe that? No. No. What a stupid talk about Polarver, whatever that I mean. Talk about a bunch of crap. God. They must be doing drugs over there at the Sun Sentinel, you know what? These are the same people that give us a song in a dance about baseball and how this count can't survive without baseball and how much it adds to the community. And both those papers with a crap about gambling and how gambling is evil in the Adiati Adiati. And if you want the points, bread, turn to the sports section. In consistent, irrational, hysterical, idiotic, bunch of stupid stupid idiotic. Exactly. Couldn't say a better myself. They didn't fall for the crap about the number of shots fired. How about the fact that most of the shots were fired after he was already in a horizontal position, falling and then a whole bunch of shots after he was already down. Through the bottoms of his feet. Now, like I said yesterday, maybe they had feet seeking bullets. That might have been it. Yeah. Maybe that's what it was. Maybe he was really standing when he got hit with those shots. It's just that they used feet seeking, not heat-seeking, feet-seeking. And they went like right under a feet and then moved straight up like we said yesterday, that magic bullet that all inspector invented back in 1963. Just absolutely unbelievable the lengths to which. And you talk about crap yesterday, I'm watching the news. And I noticed that none of the stories that I saw in the news last night are in the paper today. Including the what about the highly of cops that were selling ecstasy to miners, to kids. Selling ecstasy to kids. And while some of you people out there may think that ecstasy is in and she can yati, yati, and maybe you're raven about those. The fact is that their kids are odening and dying on it. Yeah, that's right. I'm sure they were really telling the good stuff though. Yeah, that's right. The good pure stuff. Not a pure cops don't sell impure crap. Pure cops sell pure drugs. Let's hear it. Oh, here cops. And then I'm driving home yesterday and here they got implantation on how you just wrote, yes, well, they got the, the a little, get gingle in again there. The radar porters out there once again. Well, so you can give me all the rationalizations you want on all the bull crap, but this was grow test. I'm going to go up there and say hi to Al Sharpen from a long distance away by the hallway to him and give him one of these. Nine minutes after 10 at five, 60 WQA. No portion of this broad chest may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAM, V3 as position court. I didn't say shit. I am immune on the planet. The reason why I am calling this press conference is so we can talk about the media circuit set as going on for a super smart now. I know that I am only six, but I read at a 38 year old level. So I'd like to issue this speech that I worked on along with my team of advisors. Very often when one day I'm in city infrastructure of these weather and assess the sick and uptime, seek some sort of genetic subordinate proper bandizers once feels they need sense of sorrow. And it would be in the best inches of large party since early, if we simply allow a young man of my years to rebel in the innocence of youth rather than the age political pawns for those of all Syria motifs. Thank you. Please excuse me, I'm late for my GQ for those of you. Okay, it's the 1014 at five, 60 WQAM have a nice day, Alihan. Today on, what the hell is that all about? We have continuous supply on here now because somebody was dead. What was it mean this time? Somebody was in here dealing with our equipment yesterday. Maybe we won here that, maybe a little later on, like I said. So here it is the last day of 24 years on my, on the air in Miami. I got one call on the board and I have one idiotic incoherent facts by somebody who's obviously dropping asset as he wrote this. I wish you could see this. I mean, just absolutely the most idiot, I would even waste my, and it's signed Jefferson Davis. Is that incredible or what? Is it unnerged? Yeah. Kind of a pin of my activity. Although I'll say it again, my appearance at the Assemble Indian casino in Saturday, that summed up all of my 24 years in his town. That was that light red and a nut gel and a capsule. That was it, right in front of my face. Sitting in a sea of, oh, I. I was just, I can't get over it. I can't stop thinking about it. I have never seen and believe me, there were some nice people there. We all hope to what we'd like to live to be 110, 150, whatever the best we can do with some reasonable sense of coherence and understanding of what's going on around us and the ability to breathe the first year. Even a little bit of stale there wouldn't be bad. But I have never in my life seen anything quite like that. If somebody would have sneezed, we'll be in that oil. You just woke up 150 people over there on the West End. Incredible. Here's our first call on our last day of this year. Does that make any sense? Well, I mean, well, well, well, it does to me. Am I on a twisted way? Here's Carl Springs, hello. Yeah, I don't want to start off today by being an agent or rock tour, but, um, such a thing, this was kind of setting a dangerous person and every time there's a decision that's maybe not politically correct. They seem to find more ways to continue trying to, you know, the people that they thought, What do you mean not politically correct? What does that mean? Well, I'm just saying, I mean, it would seem that everybody disagrees with this shooting of this guy from New York, which I don't know that much about and it seems incredulous that they have a shoot to guy 41 times. Yeah, well, if you don't know that much about it, then why would you have an opinion on it? Well, I don't. I'm not using this, I'm just using this. I mean, right, I mean, how many years ago was the Rodney King thing? And he had a civil trial, and I had a, a judge in the Justice Department came in there, had a federal trial. This isn't something brand new. Oh, no, but I'm saying it seems that every time something doesn't seem to drive with what the public perception of what should have occurred, it seems that the government steps in and says, well, we're going to try these guys on civil rights violations. I don't remember the government got every time. Well, not every time. How many of those cases do you have? How many of those cases do you have? And you name me, how many of we had in our lifetime? Well, let's see, we had probably the Rodney King. Yeah. And then this one apparently. That's two. And there isn't any, there's nothing going out with this one. It's all speculation. So that's one. Okay. Well, how many more? I guess that would be the only two I'm aware of. Well, then so why would you make that statement then? But every time something is politically incorrect, this isn't going to be to a politically incorrect. So you're going to do a police overreaction and with an unacceptable verdict. Well, don't you believe everybody has their day in court? Yes. And if you're going to ask me, do I believe that the jury says the morks? I would tell you absolutely not. And I would be not. So I would, if this is one more proof that it doesn't work. Yeah. So then what are you talking about? Well, I'm just saying if you got forbidden, you should be accused of a crime and then you go to court. You get fined in a center or not guilty, whichever way that works. Yeah. Well, how about OJ Simpson? Well, that's a pretty, he was found he was found not guilty in the criminal trial and the civil trial he was found responsible for the murders. Right. Well, don't you find that those two things are kind of opposite of one another in one court you found? Yeah. I found that they were opposite in one court. They had a circus and a game that was played based on race and in the other trial, they had the facts came out. Well, do you really think this is? And he was forced to test the moment in fumble and bumble and bumble and like that. Kind of like a George W. Bush with a darker complexion. I would agree there, but I just, I mean, I don't like I said I don't know the specifics of the thing. Well, let's think it really goes paper and magazine and the calming back when you find out. See, there's nothing worse. I mean, if you're going to make an argument, I'll send them starting out by saying, well, I don't know much about it. Then why are you talking about it? I mean, I realize talk is cheap and it's a talk show and the kills some good time. Thanks for collecting time, sir. And thanks for being the first call on the last day of whatever this is the rest of our lives. 560505060, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Look at this tremendous reaction here after last night's great panther lost. I'm surprised, Patboy wasn't lying around here this morning. There are a couple of those cerebrus, huh, Pelle? Surprise, we didn't see him. Not disappointed, surprised. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. No, yes, sir. Happy anniversary. Thanks. Hey, dead man, tell no tales. Yeah. That's why they shot him so many times. Yeah, that's right. They have to hear you talk. That's absolutely correct. We're not going to hear you talk to the story. They shot him in the feet. That's the first time I heard that. Yeah, because they shot him after he was already down on the ground. They can't do it. I heard the lady yesterday talking about, they had a, like, expert witness as on saying that all the officers had automatic weapons. Uh-huh. And it's very easy for them because they've fired so rapidly to empty their guns. Yeah. And a, in a matter of a few seconds. Mm-hmm. So, but I get a lot of them. Send me automatic weapons. Right. I guess all of them had, uh, if you trigger finger. Well, how come, how come two of the cops fired 16 times and, uh, one of them fired five and they had a one four? I don't understand it. I don't, I can't, I can't even explain it. Overkill. If you're part of your expression, overkill. And then they had all of them. If you hit her on, if you wanted disabled somebody, so we no longer was a threat of assuming that they thought he really had a gun. If you wanted disabled him, fine. But you don't have to hit him 19 times to disable him. Right. I mean, I, I can't understand, maybe, shooting him a few times. I mean, if I, it's like the Rodney King thing. How many times have we seen as videotape in a matter of how, here he's surrounded by a whole bunch of these cops. And they got him down around the ground and they've got him like a subdued already. And every time he took a breath, every time he tried to move, they're kicking him. And they're, uh, battering him. Yeah, it's just, uh, nice. Right. Polar brutality. It's probably, uh, you know, the adrenaline was flowing as soon as he got it. Yeah, I was falling right. Right. And soon as, as soon as one guy shot, they all just started squeezing it. They were, they were squeezing already. No, I sure. Yes. One more thing. Yes. I've recently had to drive up to Miami. I've moved out of Miami a couple years ago up to the hour. Yes. Unbelievable. I can't believe I actually have lived in Miami. The traffic on the Palmetto. Yeah. And Dixie Highway is the worst. Yeah. But we got the metro. So it took me 45 minutes to get from 8.36 to the sawgrass. Yeah. 45 for a commitment. Mm-hmm. I don't believe it. Hey, anyway, stop the intro. Okay. Thanks. Stay out of there. That's my advice to everybody. Staying out of day. We just barely crossed the county line here. We don't want to go into too far. Staying out of day county. If you know what's good for you. You know what I mean? That's right. Brutal cops, corrupt cops, overkill cops, a hoaring out in little girls. Cops selling the X to see other drugs to underage kids. Or anybody else for that matter. It's interesting. It would be one thing if they're really selling drugs to like, you know adults. But they have this thing with selling guns. Again, then of course you got the case that a kid down to in Kendall, which is the trial is on now. The cops took him in and then he shot and killed him. And they said he tried to sexually molest him. And the other party they said, well, no, it's the defense. Says no, that's not true at all. He just had a temper, etc. And so on. See a good cop is great. Like a good doctor is great. Now you find a few forests. Yeah, that's right. A good cop. A hard cop is good to find. And then what they always say something like that. Five, six, seven. How is line four doing today? By the way, just want to check because it would be really bad. See it sounds okay to me. And then, for this it's solid. Yeah. We'll see. We'll see how that goes. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Here's a call in Jamesville, hello. Hey, now. Yes, sir. I mean, this is a pattern of police. Police problems all across this country. I mean, this is a general problem overall. And it's been just people for realizing that there may be something we'll get done about it. Like what? I don't know what they can do. Better screening for the cops. You know, more promoting, you know, collication-cated cops. And then just anybody walking me in who wants to, you know, things that's cool to walk around with a gun and a bag. Mm-hmm. I mean, come on. I mean, something has to be done. I mean, we have a lot of, you know, they have a lot of pulling up a lot of discretion and things. And they have a lot of pull. All right. They were pulling it a lot in this case. Um, I don't know if you've heard of this and I think you're heard about this incident, Jack's involved with the woman at the hearty. Yeah. Well, you heard about that. I got splattered with a, you know, she got pissed off. She was in the drive to you when she complained to the manager that she was treated really. And so she went back and the woman who she accused the tweet of your rudely splattered the hot oil. They showed her on TV. They showed her burn, push and face to and then she attacked it with a broom. Yeah. I mean, I was looking back and then I'm letting those cops in New York with a broom handle. Maybe she thought she was going to do a little number on her. Something like that. Back home with that broom. I was right. I was listening to the radio this morning and they just, that I was the biggest news and Engage. I'm not well. I would imagine. Yeah. So I was the price of weed went up in a price of gas. And I mean, that was just unbelievable. I quit. I'm still trying to get over that. Mm-hmm. Well, it's because we're barbarians and we're increasing the on civilized to each other and have a great day, pal. Okay. Yeah. We're barbarians. Not all of us like me and George. We're not barbarians. No. No. We're nice to eat. Well, no. I am. Yeah. Like what? Yeah. It's a 60 pound spicy. That's personal. That's in the family. I can understand that. Here's a mobile in Boca. Hello. Yes, sir. I've been looking at here for 20 years. Are you 24? Oh, right. I go back a long way. I really want to say I really appreciate you being here in South Florida. I know you're going to take tough times right now. We're getting calls. But we're out of here. Well, I'm used to it. I mean, on and off. So that's been one of the great things. All of all through the years is trying to get a response out of these bass. Do this like try to squeeze blood out of a turn or pit, it's hard to do. Yeah, I still know. Guys like me, I'm out here working in the service industry. You know what you did. Right. I might head phones all the time. But I also, I called you back a long time ago. I used to be Ron from the music store in Papino. I called you many, many times. I used to call every week. I had a lazy ass job and I could, you know, you know, on the phone and, like, trying to go there. But the, well, I wanted to say about the killing. So that, that the killing of that guy there. These cops, I think they're actually trained from what I read to empty the chamber. And that situation like that because of the use I'd yesterday, I think you touched on the fact that the caliber of those bullets, like they're not allowed to use hollow point bullets that will stop a guy and like, Yeah, unless what's on the collar, sir, yeah. Yeah, that sounds to me like a bastard case. It means like, you know, under those circumstances and a panic situation. You kind of, you know, I think there's should have been like a charge to those people, but maybe not, you know, the murder and it should be fired for sure. You know, I mean, just because of the fact that that situation, maybe given the part of their pension and fires, not just get away with it completely. You know, like a medium type of thing, but also the thing with the, you know, you said, Maybe like lightly kill. Yeah, yeah, well, but you know, you said shooting in the hand of that is ridiculous. No, no, no, no, the hand of the feet. Well, you need to be talking shooting the, yeah, why, why is that ridiculous? Well, because, you know, first of all, they're not trained to do that. They're trained to shoot for the largest portion of the body. Why, um, mind them. But that's just how you're, because under a situation like that, you don't have a chance or the time to react to hit a small area like that. You just can't do it if you've ever shot a gun at a shooting range. You know, that's just almost impossible. Work time TV every time. Well, that's the thing. Well, that's the thing. Well, that's the thing you're looking at. They need to get with Marshall Dillon, and they need to get with Wild Bill Hitchcock. They need to get with Gabby Hayes. Have a great day, pal. Bye, I'll see you. But, wait, how about Pawvella and Anna? That's, that's Anna and Pawvella and Pawvella and Anna. Now we're talking baby. That could be our poll question, which one is prettier? Huh? I'm not going to do that thing about the bar. I'll come up with a poll question for today. That thing on the Broward of Strong Mayor's boring. And when you high-pingo, I can't imagine why he wants to. I can give all that money for the Broward Strong Mayor. I'll teach you to twist the arm a one guy that a whole bunch of commissioners. You know what way? Right, yeah. We're the bomb. Sports radio 5.6. You, A, M. Yeah, push. Hi, I'm out. video And I'm lying or two Ticks and I'll have you You've utilized your peole double you And all the while your wife Stokes the person's wife Stokes the person's wife Stokes the person's wife Stokes the person's wife Stokes the person's wife Stokes the person's wife Stokes the person's wife Stokes the person's wife Stokes the person's wife Stokes the person's wife Stokes the person's wife Stokes the person's wife so many of those wait they start out great with sixth grade promise then it's like they ran out of material in the middle that's okay 1032 at 560 WQM the canot tax religious right here for John McCain to see have a brain what's here in any way for John McCain attacking the religious right right ripping the crap out of Pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell do we like that you bet those religious fakers those up not just discussing scumbags the same people who love George W. the same people who are and of course they've said that uh... he's too moderate he's trying to appeal to the moderates in bringing back to the public and party and Jerry Falwell and uh... that Robertson and people of that elixir we don't want moderate people we want all fanatic rabbit hysterical people like us and of course those of us democrat just salivating at the prospect of that saying hey guess what because you're a tiny minority and that's just exactly what we need to see because you want to have a god damn china mence tanson over where you know just like a nineteen ninety two and pat you can't get up there and made that rabbit hysterical homophobic bigoted speech is and everybody said oh my god he's serious share hey to break the news to out there those people are very politically naive the other guy was talking about politically correct politically naive c. on one hand you've got to be public in voters but on the other hand you have the republican party itself which is allowed itself the time delays and on all these other right wing fanatics religious to pat Robertson and Jerry Falwell and Ralph Reed all these up not just a gerry bower they've taken over the republican party we don't have a two party system anymore we have one political party which is mediocre at best at a democratic party and then we got a bunch of rat rabbit in top of a fanatics that's why i've dred bushwinds republican nomination in spite of what the polls were shown for a long time and by the way we've noticed already hit that's all evaporated have you noticed that yes they wouldn't have a chanemen's chance that's what al-gorset because he's got those chinese guys on his side you know don't be fristed out that's right so he can attack religious right all he wants but what he doesn't understand is that if George doubting when's the nomination now he's going to have to a really cow-tow to those right wing fanatics isn't interesting like i said yesterday sends that letter to our special quantum and you are all well i why really meant to say was uh i i oppose in a racial dating i mean i i oppose what is it i mean uh what i really don't know what i mean to say because i don't understand what it means and who are those dark people out there and i'm getting pissed off for a diva feather go down the drain together here's for a lot of day hello more neal yes sir happy uh anniversary thanks so much happy anniversary to me that's what i say no to not tell tomorrow let's get these calls started today like two days with it you know last night at Larry King live they had a really duty on any said were you surprised about the albertic and through to do on his response was unfortunately sometimes these things happen crap happens yeah and and uh that uh the hello state you know what he stands for his life is cheap in New York i guess when you're uh afro-american yeah it just it listen he's not just uh picking on afro-americans even the hot dog vendors if they get out and if they get back out of their industry they're gonna have them one away too with he has tremendous uh uh runnin algo steen out of town right up when he had his business is a good one no that that well pre-dated Rudy okay well and algo steen wasn't driven out of town he just given him a hard time what he likes hard time he can often get one be likes it okay i'm gonna sit back to i don't think algo steen in Rudy july any like our cut out of the same cloth if you get if you catch my five-old and just algo's cut out of a i made me that the Joseph's magic carpet whatever the thing was the Donny Osmond was doing and by the way you missed time green on the Donny and Marie this morning and i love Donny Osmond he's a really good guy ahead of on a show years ago and after i had my stroke he actually called me at home remember did i did i tell you that no you never did call me to see how i was because he heard that i hit the street yeah he was right and gave me his home number in ala at that time which he don't live there anymore and i don't have the number anyway but he was a very nice guy and i like him and he's not one of those real goody two shoes moreman types you know he's got a good sense of humor but but like i was telling George before as soon as he told you turn on time green and we're really you know time we love you but get off the moniker crap already okay please get off of that fat bitch but i'm i'm just a little bit tired to hear about Donny and Marie psychoses and his problems with stage fright it was interesting the first time you know it was okay but after the set and after the 700th interview it gets a little bit old and now what's he going around talking about what's her problem she got some of the she said she's got some of the roses like she can't cut the money fast enough something like that god like you said we should all have such problems i'll trade them right now yeah right exactly just like that's stupid article by Dan LaBaz did yesterday or it's shocking that more athletes so that some athletes aren't but like this yeah i hate to break the news the Adan LaBaz did but most athletes the proponents of athletes in all sports are the bunch of scumbags are going to jail aren't the being suspended so what's really astonishing is that a scumbag low life like you would write a disgusting column like that and with even scarier than maybe some kids out there would read that thing what a stupid idiotic bunch of swelight is to write the excuse maker like i've told me for scumbags suck up through other scumbags just like Dan LaBaz do making excuses and by the way dare or I won't have him to kick around this year let's hear it and they'll be protesting about that too because Steve how was white number Steve how remember him he got nine chances like he ever ready cat and they're also only had like five or six so i think that some dark folks are going to be running around the streets and he deserves at least other three four chances to get even with Steve how right okay five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line what a crowd we had at the macaroon the last night did we have a crowd oh maybe a 10 11000 while they packed them down there at the uh at the micirina because it was the heat in the next in the next in the heat nineteen thousand plus screaming white people in there to see a bunch of seven footchfartures banging it around and we had 10 or 11000 people our last night at the macaroon to see another very very depressing performance by the panthers but hey you know everything goes through their skin and they've been having them on for like the last one two three months unlike that let me say it again the monks they stuck the monks were all in for with the monks who would have stupid song which they've cut away down but they're still a monk up there with a bell oh man everybody I asked you I said what do you think of these months they stopped that's the response from everybody in the uh in the macaroon uh but it's up to you guys okay strictly up to you like Rick Nelson would have said if it could be here today see he ain't running around telling everybody how about his Rick Nelson 21 before 11 at five sixty wqm command baby come play with these cities tonight on an all new judging thing is I give her a six six try a poor yeah I guess her hips are pretty big fat nothing take turn around for us we're gonna need to look at that oh and miss that before yeah c four four that's tonight on the new and improved judging me 16 before 11 at five sixty wqa m happy a two day two yeah see I was talking yesterday about the Jennifer Lopez dress and the fact that it's only the the nipples that are verboten you can show breast on TV but not nipples and what about what I want you to say oh that's right it was guiding light and Michelle who's getting ready to go back to jail for the rest of her life she's lying there with Danny and she unbuttoned his shirt and there's there is a nipple a teet and a nipple a man yeah and like I've said you many times before how come it is that a woman's nipple is supposedly erotic and sexual and a nipple according to the TV people is not which I got news for you five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty and it's just so stupid it's so pathetic it's partly we're refusing to grow up of America and I guarantee if you went out there and took a poll okay there's a good poll for today should full nudity be allowed on the TV in America that's gonna be an easy one our perverted crowd well we'll say you should full nudity be allowed on television in America yes or no yeah I think you might be surprised oh the children out there what do they see people naked oh yeah sure hope you don't have any mirrors in the bathroom 80 percent that's my prediction okay we'll say we'll see about this uptight constipated country of yours oh that's right you're in the legal alien I forgot five six seven oh five sixty pound five don't blame him he not a citizen here's a mobile and Cape Coral hello yes sir this Cape Coral sounds like it to me hey Neil got that Cape Coral buzz on the phone line that's right you know what policy I have a new mobile but it's working all right there's nothing like a Cape Coral buzz yeah but anyway yeah my hey listen we came up we don't know a lot about politics even though we're almost all your age does that's not important because any candidate would do we came up with an idea yeah all right we love George listen we listen to George when you're gone and we love the show but here we go Governor George Bush Jr for president and Darrell Strawberry for Vice President and then Neil I don't get better in that now listen we do love George Bush we love all the candidate but what do you think about five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line let's take a look he wouldn't you want where would that was he in some bum fork plate cork hate coral that was where that kid was wasn't either one at sent the threatening email to the girl in little in Colorado but one that saw the agablo is brains out a few days later oh no there's no violence in America you're just your dish of goddamn star post why don't you just leave right now Neil you're just kind of a bitch get that a lot of here screw you and you like that guy said that kid that down never forget that as long as I live it was great made my it made my balls twitch it was so exciting screw you and you know I don't think so I mean just abre and violent barbaric stuff just like the thing at hearty's now of course if you've ever eaten those biscuits at hearty's who understand why some of you get pissed off you know I'm talking about unless you're a card carrying a redneck Yahoo although the woman that got the burn she looked a little rednecky to me and of course being up in Jacksonville she must have been a redneck right I like hearty's now I do like hearty's one of those mushroom but their shrimp burgers they got isn't that the place that has there are the roast piece state bad haven't had one of those in years in fact when we were over in Tampa remember those glorious days when we had to do a week's worth of IOD shows in Tampa and I want over to hearty's and hearty even though that was there that you ate it I was ready to go to North Carolina at least once or twice got a hearty's right there in town yeah do we have hearty's here no we have what's here that one we don't have here we don't have Jack in the box no they can shake oh yeah and I want whatever happened with that by the way we find they got god fathers up there on baby road of station I'm worried inside the head's gas station there right by 595 and David Road extension the great god fathers which one of these days soon we'll get uh some pizza from them again one day when I'm eating see if you want to lose weight I got a great as you just and for you stop eating no seriously stop eating you can write a book about that yeah that that's the new roger's diet how much am I going to get for that long you just do I doubt it yeah stop eating just eat very little in fact the one way this is the truth because I read it somewhere I'm others always saying that I read somewhere yeah that that means it must be true ma but uh no seriously if you want to withstand your life the only known way because they have all these life extension things you know and all these like the one guy up there in Hollywood I used to have on here who's like uh 35 but looks like 90 because you've extending his life but the the the only the way known so far is to eat fewer calories how do you like that fewer calories which flies in the face of atkins for example because back in this is a guy into a cali and beef is got a although I did also read that yesterday that beef and like chicken no difference in calories on the same portion same exact see that's another myth other red meat it's come I tell you never another myth remember the myth America page it well there's another myth for you cutting down on calories is the only way we know to withstand your life span cutting way down look at what a different caring carpenter 560 50560 pound 560 on the age 10 what she may have overdid is overdone just a little bit just a little tiny bit but she had a lovely figure here's a mobile and waspon bee chill out yeah you know those cops up there in New York yeah maybe they can resign and go to LA and get a job out there with their frame and all those people right I mean it's not like we've got all this room in the prisons for the real bottom one let's just go out and create some more and then when our governor door bush gets the elected president he can report more passes my uncle promise and you know our political remis oh yeah and but our supreme court has been I think George Zomedy and Uncle remis get along real good yeah that the supreme court keeps giving the police more more power yeah search you that can stop that right just on a whim just whatever to how they feel like it so if you know before it gets better it's gonna get a hell of a lot work right and they used to have an old saying off the pig maybe that'll come back okay whatever you say is he talking about that anyway do you think you'll possibly support though 567 0560 pound 560 on the 18 T line 877 785 6345 on our world famous out of town line line nine for Fort Myers and Fort Charlotte and Naples and Celeste key and speaking of the important which we were yesterday about the three quarters of million dollars erase for charity we haven't heard from Dick and a lot of time have we from maybe just doesn't take any vacations anymore he's too busy raising money for charity which reminds me speaking of raising money for charity we're all done with center one I just mentioned that and passing so if we do a best of this year which is still up in the air and dubious if we do do a best of what the how about the a daily food bread bank George you don't think too enthusiastic didn't bad my life now does okay well give me an idea give me an example of a family planning family planning that that's the name of a charity all the others lots of charities that's all of that category yeah how about an abortion clinic yeah okay things like that what's the what's the name of the what's what am I trying to think of the name of what plant parenthood that's one trying to think of but plant parenthood is it charitable organism yeah free birth control free abortion how about I got a better one than plant parenthood along the same lines just a little different plan on how about my favorite charity forced serialization there you go F.S. yeah F.S. keeps you one step away from PMS or something like that and that's a good use of you and the well come up with your ideas I'm sure audience will have about 50,000 you guys and all give them money to our charity come on you can raise about a million dollars for us and have another one those great golf tournaments see there is something wrong with lying for I don't want to be a party for here it sounds as beginning when you first bunch out there but then after about two seconds it starts to listen and okay there really is a problem well that's another thing I should mention today is that we were promised even the attorneys got it on this one tomorrow is the first of March okay it's an early eyes of March for measly broadcasting because we've been promised that really was only a coincidence and nothing new in my 24th anniversary on the year in Miami it was just a coincidence first of all they have our brand new high tech to best in the universe phone system of our yeah with none of these phone problems that we've suffered through for over two years here in his goddamn a short place it is got for second toilet of a radio station where they're pretending to be something that they're not like a bunch of broadcasters tomorrow is today right tomorrow's day now is this stuff arrived in the building yet oh because I'm sure that once it does get here from San Jose wherever it's coming from it's going to take time to install this fancy schmancy the best in the world phone system so that'll give another opportunity to keep pushing the date back pushing it back not that George Corso whatever mislead as you understand for Bob Demo here's a call in Boca hello yes sir morning meal when is to him yes to your poll question well we're not doing the poll question on here and yes that goes on saying in the case of your review I'd like to make some comments about that I'm a little dialog case up in the u op yes first of all I'm going to retry it please just let you know and I think the big problem is that if they low with the standards to become a policeman it's done a lot it's done a lot of uh I don't know what the word would be unqualified people and police department and police officers are trained to shoot the kill well that's great that's just the fact the light is you know you don't want somebody to kill shoot him in the lake yeah after you shot him the other first 40 times you're the middle late well that's that's yeah I I'm not gonna trust that because I wasn't there and I don't know what happened but the adrenaline does get running and once you pull that trigger one time you just keep pulling until you win out of bullets great unfortunately that's always okay have a great day thank you thanks so the best idea stay away from capital pay state of far away before the airplane close got you and got a Chinaman chance in hell again a lot of Chinaman and hell based on what I'm here today five six seven oh five sixty and not doing too well either pound five sixty on the 18 t line out of timeline is open eight seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five are usual type of response here in the beginning of the show and then of course the middle of the show gets really kind of like lukewarm and then the last hour we like almost every day on the show say can we possibly make it till two o'clock and somehow we do not generally very easily but somehow we do because this time refuses to give back now now the thing even about the charity when you think the phone lines of these sizzling already with people saying hey here's the suggestion for you but of course most people already give a crap about where the money goes just like that golf tournament that was a very sad commentary not only in the lack of responsibility and ethics of this place which we already knew but in the fact that nobody out there cares including most of the people participated in that event who were just there to rub shoulders with famous people or in this case pseudo famous people and then once O.J. arrived really in from his people I mean I'm not talking about being a goodie to choose but doesn't anybody in this country have any principles at all I mean stand for anything oh no just give me show show me the money that's what it's all about that's why you know who wants to win a million who wants to marry a millionaire who wants to steal ten million that that's what it's all about now it's reduced to just that how's the market doing by the way notice my Netherlands fund is in the scrapper oh brother wow I mean really bad four minutes before I'm at a clock at five sixty wq and the one knows how it go it's not your direct link your role is the minute you miss everybody that he was in the fastest thing in your own way you're still great to make ABC pay just because it can't be you want to act you're not big old man you'll be play and you'll go all the way here It's 11-a-1 at 5.60 WQM. Look at us response to this morning pretty weak, right? As usual, don't disappoint on the last day of February. 5-6-7-0. And what is it in the vents? Can you smell it in there? It smells like rubbing alcohol. Oh, what is that? How appropriate? They're wall tapering the control room right now as we speak. So if you think that's bad, imagine it's a little bit too dangerous. So in other three days, any of these, these knocksiest view of this is not understand. But in the meantime, more captive audience and the knocksiest view from the wall tapering whatever that is, it sounds like a good lawsuit to me. Two days without the AC and here with the vault doors. So it's coming through the vents. It's not just an anxious and puke inducing. Exactly. 5-6-7-0. 5-6-0. 5-6-0. 5-6-0. On the AT&T wireless line. So they're wall tapering. That's good news. Because that construction project that you've been talking about for the last 60 years is it's done yet? No. They're still working on it. Well, not exactly. They're doing the wall tapering in there. But they're depending on the ceiling tiles and the other stuff that's hanging out of the walls and the schmorts is that all still there? Oh, good. Mix this feel at home. Here's my any. Hello. Hey, how are you? Okay. I'm a law enforcement officer in Miami Florida and I just wanted to comment on the verdict in New York. Yes, sir. I think it was a very fair verdict. The reason I say it is because I don't think the prosecution gave the jurors an alternate charge to the final. Unless the charge. So I think it's a- Well, isn't that up to the judge? The judge is supposed to explain that, not the prosecution. Well, the prosecution works. The prosecution offers it to the judge and they didn't even do that. So, you know, I can't clean the jurors for- for which I didn't my guilty verdict on these guys. The fact that the judge didn't struck them, then they could come back with less of it, then the second degree murder. Okay. So if they didn't convict on what's the big view with everyone, you know, why is everyone crying? You can't under. I have to explain that to you because they shut because first of all he was an innocent man. Secondly, he hardly smoking any language. And he English. Thirdly, they were playing clothes. Fourthly, they shot them 41 times of which 19 were hits and most of them after he was already down. And you're wondering, what's the big view in cry about? Don't you understand? People are upset because innocent people are supposed to get blown away. Well, that's why we have a court system. Yeah. Obviously, in the day-thats. Well, how about O.J. was that in the criminal trial? Was that the correct verdict? No, was not. Oh, so, so how come we have a court system? And have a great day. Isn't that surprising that most of the cops seem to agree with a verdict, Matt Trail? That's surprising? Oh, yeah, just shocks the hell out of me. I say we call O.J. right now, George. Let's get a hold of money. Let's call O.J. the Occupational Safety and Hazard Administration or Health or whatever that is. Health and hazard. Get them in here, man. The anxious, anxious fumes are coming to the goddamn vents in here. I'm going to puke in a second. What was that all about? Nothing. I thought maybe it was about the anxious fumes. And by the way, line four, don't work. It sounds like it works. But it works for about a very substance food up. But it works my words. Trust me when I tell you. Can you hear it? Yeah, it's screwed up again. Oh, now that stuff has come in heavy duty. Now it's like pouring through the vents. So if either psychosomatic, now that you told me what it was, or really in reality, it's just pouring through there. Because they're really getting enough to a ladder any other room there before they start slapping it on in the wallpaper too. Oh, that is gruesome, rotesque. Here's a mobile, and this is an ice-white, a cigarette by the knee after 24 years. Mobile and bokeh, hello. Hey, I'm going to be on the other side. Okay. All right. Got a couple of quick things. The verdict that's the American-Ethin way. That's just what happened. So this is a couple of just had for Miami Florida. He says he understands what everybody's all been on a shape of a buck. That's unbelievable. He's got a grain of scottic. Court system, what he's done on a compel now. Well, no, Jay got off and it did not work. He's what he said. Yeah. Another thing has room we're getting in the inside on what the, what the cats are going to do about the rotting be. Well, well, well, well, now what kind of a question does that mean is Rimmer give me any inside. What is that he's going to give me? I don't know. He might know some inside room, or he's, you know, he's a rumor bill there. Yeah. No, I don't even hear any rumors. No. Okay. So, I think that's one more thing. Should you play a single request? You play 50 ways that he or lover. It's been forever in a day since I heard that. Yeah. And, um, had an experience last week with an older woman and all I got to say is anal sex. It's a ritual. Take care, Neil. Okay. What's he trying to say? He's an asshole. I knew I had something to do with that. 560560, palm 560 on the AT&T line. Well, oh, now it's unacceptable. Okay. It is. It's like sitting in the middle of a lucky if somebody was holding up a bottle of turpentine like to inches away from your face. Rotesk. Now, how come they couldn't have done this? As a matter of fact, look at us. Is his hand getting a building today? No. No, he's not at the rail. He's not at the rail doing a show all week long. So, they're very easily. What is it? I guess that's why they're doing it. They can do both studios. What I'm trying to point out is they could do it between two and six. When there's nobody broadcasting on the air anywhere in here. All week long, they could be doing it between two and six. You follow what I'm saying? Because there's nobody broadcasting in the building between two and six. Thanks a lot, Bluff. Five, six, seven. If it reaches the point where it becomes our start getting sick from it, I've got news for it. Take time. Take time. How is this possible? It's amazing. The new ways, the unique ways that they come up with to make your life miserable. Why you're trying to do a goddamn talk show and make them the money you get to spots on the air. Is that what we're here for? I'll get to spots on the air. Fires. They're leaving with a tape on. They'll still get to spots on the air. Won't they? Yeah. So, there's my case. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Can. Who's going on with all these judges that are bailing out here? What all these advertisements agencies and all that? How many special interest money goes into these judges' pockets? Yeah, I was going to get to that second family court judge, Quits the alley on case. Miami-Dates Circuit Judge Michael Savvy's or Shavya. Whatever, I'll shave it just, Skabies. Whatever his name is. He's removed himself from the family court dispute saying he too, once hired the political consultant in the London, London, and the other three of them. They're all feeling good. Is there anybody who's not part of this whole thing in the county? No. Boy, that's incredible. I think we need Wattner. It's amazing. Another thing with the Diallo. It says that it's from another trauma scene just like the O.J. case. Right. Just one of them makes that point as the O.J. case in reverse. Exactly. Okay. You have a nice day. And back to it. Bye bye. And I wonder if those four cops ever said the in-word. I mean, talk about a juvenile country that doesn't want to grow up. Oh, Mr. Furman, did you ever say nigger? The in-word? No, I never said that. Well, thank God that we have nobody at law enforcement, whatever say nigger or a flag or a kite or a Speaker, I ain't stuff like that. It's becoming overpowering in here. I'll tell you that right now. I don't know about a new rule, but in here it's like, that's the again. It's getting worse by the second. It's like pouring into the goddamn vents. Unacceptable, bluff, Greg, Bruce. Robb the mouth, audio assholes, unacceptable. 9 minutes after 11 at 5.60 WQS. 12.27. The years I've got my old and healthy views to lean without screw is the insane. We'll pretend again. We should double fly because campaign is well-trained. We'll all fly from the hand I held. And you can land and take a major more solid of looking at the insane. We'll pretend again. On the piano stop you said I lied about the handling. I helped him already. Jesus, that's getting older. Wow. It's 11.15 at 5.60 WQM. So we just had the good news being called in was. All I'm watching CNN. So you don't have to problem is with CNN among many other things. Many, many other things is that they do it's like MTV. Originally MTV was did a play music videos. Now do they play any music videos? Oh, really. Really. They got too many goddamn programs on. Bad ones at that. And the same thing with CNN originally was like all news. Did they do all news? No, they got the Elsa Clinch. I clench my fist when that crap comes on. But that style program for a bunch of baggage out there. And show business shows and golf shows and NBA shows. And now they got another financial show. If I want to ask financial I turn over to CNBC. Because George tells me that some of the six year old student in Flint, Michigan just got and filled the killed or just shot. Six year old was killed. Or was Kia? I saw a solid final. I saw a solid final. Shot dead. On you gun hunters out there. Front felt people killed people. Just 60 year old kids with gun killed people. And thinking that we think he's this. And of course, if they'd ever got off this in the money show here on C. CNN, we might find out. So if anybody's got any news on that off the internet, they could've tax it to me. Because we're sure not going to get off CNN. Oh, God forbid they shoot it up there financial show here, which we can see the exact same numbers. Then ask the next up. 100 and that was up 54 points. We can already see that. Couldn't we on CNBC? Oh, yeah. But CNN, because they noticed that CNBC's numbers have been climbing and climbing and climbing. Because all the gain traders and day traders out there got their money. They invested up to their armpits. And they're watching this stuff around the clock. So this is their attempt to goose up there. Otherwise, we caught against when what's his name made on. Don't be so scared. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5 by the way. Here's a great story. They'll make you feel a little bit better on you. Merkin men out there. And Cuban men. And anybody who's not German. This is the end of us. I'm not making this up. This is from Reuters, Berlin. Standard condoms to big for Germans. Oh, hey. That's right. Now you understand when I had that complex. You know, that's all penis complex again. And all this time we thought it was the Japanese. It is. Anyway, it says the study has found that the standard European Union size of condoms and two big for German men, a magazine reported on Sunday. Focus magazine that's hoax, focus focus focus focus focus magazine said a study by a leading German condom manufacturer condom. You found standard size condoms falling off. Half the men's study. Oh, you're falling right off. Half. Yeah. 50%. If you just try not at the end, it doesn't do that. The average German penis is about three and a half to four millimeters. Two narrow. That's point 13 to point 15 inches to narrow for the standard E and and six hundred condoms the magazine wrote. How do you like that? You call that a penis? The E used at the E and six hundred guidelines for rubber condoms in 1996 to establish a uniform standard across Europe. So, if only the Germans would put those uniforms back on. And speaking of that, I see that this not this Nazi, your heighter in Austria, he quit his post quit his party job. Ah, but they say that that's only a boy because he wants to eventually become the chancellor and George Landau Barales. And he didn't know no Nazi or no gun father. So, how do you like that? All you German people out there, you got a little teeny tiny penis, all you German guys. They have 10. Pricrics. They're just so like a prick. And that, and I look at this. Now we got little black bugs for all that. We got 10 bugs in here. Or are these chiggers? Oh, don't let no chiggers in this room. I thought once. Roy. Like the building, that would be the end of that. Seattle counter-stratford is a chigger. He's like, he's just like, like, like, what would you call it? Like light and chocolate, mocha? He's a good guy. I mean, stupid, but a very good guy. So, you German guys out there, here we all, like George says, we thought it was the, look at it, we got bugs flying everywhere in here now. Do we have an exterminated that takes here in this place? No, no. That's what we need to speak in a German, a good exterminator in this place. And I can tell you right where to start. Correct, oh, 560, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Several lines open and waiting for your perusal here this morning. Here's a mobile in Naples, hello. Yeah, in the dialogue case, as you mentioned in the, that he didn't speak English. And there's several congressmen who were trying to get a bill that they would make English be a fish or language of America. Well, what is that happening with these only bigger? He was only here for like five minutes. Which bring that's an unabproblem is immigration. Yeah, okay, well, I was gonna ask you more on. Yeah, that's not like,iness to penis.iness to penis to small penis, sure, he must be German. Go away, okay. Go away. I would say, come back another day, but in your case, don't. 24 years of being haunted on here by assholes like him. One dimensional, that's all he knows from. He didn't speak English. He just got here ten minutes ago asshole. You more on. Also, we should have got shot as well. That's the new deal by people like this guy. If you don't speak English, you're gonna blow your brain into your feet. Everything else you got to. Here we got bugs flying around in here now. 560, 0560, pound, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and daily. Hello. Hey, handsome, how you doing? Okay. Listen, I just want to do my comments on that last time you claimed themselves to be a law enforcement officer. Yeah. You got into it with him? Do one in Miami, Florida? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm glad to go. Call for Miami or Ohio. We don't want to be submerged there reputation. Exactly. First of all, you got to realize you're probably trying to read it with a guy, language with a second language. You also dealing with a guy who's a law enforcement officer. So in other words, because he's a whole year old, I'm actually a bad guy. He's a very bad guy, but he's a law enforcement officer who's trying to interpret the law to you and they're not paid from interpret the law. If you at most you deal with the guy at a high school education. How do you know that? How do you know that? What's up? The pros and the way he did it, he did it. He was a guy for like a minute and a half on a radio talk show. And then, for next thing you're gonna be telling you how big this penis was. Get out of here, okay? Get out of my face. You a low-pud-enis-depenance, okay? Get out of my face. Because you don't agree with somebody right away. He's giving me the whole guy's whole life story. Actually, he's gonna be telling me his parents' names. His grandparents, if they did steal a caboose. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6. He did the wrong thing. Bluffs there. By turning the air down and making it warmer in here. Now it's waiting to in the air back up. He just closed the intakes in there. We can crank our air. It's getting nauseating in here. nauseating. Maybe it's not because of the year. Maybe it's just because of the fact that that stuff stinks so bad. Well, that's usually time that room isn't being used. Well, then, why didn't you tell us ahead of time? And we could have played a tape. Just like today that George was ready to do the show. We couldn't do it because the guy didn't ace it was up. And the stuff was sticking to the joint out. And everybody was swooning in the hallway. This is worst. I'm gonna never go in those goddamn, those crap tests in the mail. Final four. Yeah. Those colon, those colorectal tests. They're sending to the mail. And the postal employees work swooning. Because they were leaking. There was a leakage problem. Yeah. Same crap. 560, 50560, POMP 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Delray Beach, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. Yeah, and we got up to this case up in New York and you brought up the O.J. trial. I wanted to know how come every time the blacks don't get their way. They have to go jumping up and down the streets and having a riot. That's probably not a riot. Are they having a riot? Were they having a riot? Well, they were jumping up and down the streets in New York. And I know when Rodney King got beat up, they were jumping up and down there. Jumping up and down. They're doing a lot of stuff. Jumping up and down. Aren't they, sir, those blacks, those niggers. They're doing a lot of jumping up and down. My big and racist friend, you. That's three in a row. Let's go for four. What do you say? Well, the next cause was POMP. Oh, they're here, even not. Yahoo. 560, 50560 on the AT&T line. Here's West Palm Beach, like somebody just said. Hello. How you doing, Neil? Okay. Yeah, I want to talk about the Miami Cup. I'm sorry you have to deal with all those idiots that are calling you. What else is there? 20 years of it. Kind of goes with my point. Why don't we, why don't cops have to go through a college, you know, like, education for four years? Why don't we have them go through college? Maybe get cold, try it a little bit. They can deal with other, other, you know, people from other walks of life. Cause it's kind of scary. You know, we have this Miami Cup calling. And he has, you know, he finds nothing wrong with the fact that guy was shut 41 times. Yeah, he wants to know what everybody's all been on a ship about. Maybe if these guys said some education went to college for four years, you know, were well-rounded. You know, had some of blacks and Spanish in their dorm rooms. Maybe they, you know, they wouldn't go and shoot them 41 times. Yeah. And I have another point, you know, about. Well, how much do you graduate want to, you know, to go and get that kind of a job that pays that kind of money. And you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you just should get paid more to. But I've, you know, a little Miami story, Miami Cup story. I was a, I had gotten free tickets for a golf and came with a win-dixy promotional thing. And there were 32 dollars, you know, if you buy groceries, they give you tickets. So I went out, you know, I had like four tickets. I wasn't using two of them. I called up there and I said, you know, okay, I sell my tickets. They tell me, yeah, you know, you can sell them. But after what more than they're worth, they were worth 32 bucks. I go up there to the stadium the sell them. I got a cop tell me, you know, if I try to sell those zero-based fairly tickets, they are going to arrest me. And I'm like, you know, I already got okay with the ticket, you know, with the ticket office. You know, but he was throwing his power, trippy one. I mean, sell the tickets. So I'm like, you have a problem with me giving them away. He's like, yeah, I do. So I couldn't even give them away. What would you mean you had a problem with you giving them away? What, what's the problem? Is it getting the law to give you tickets away? No, he just didn't want me there. He said, you know, he said that I, you're... You're not going to have to be honest with me. He's an asshole as what you're saying. Yeah, that's what I'm saying, you know, and it's pretty scary that we got cops in my Me like that. Coff like that, that's what just called. And, you know, we got people, you know, not worried about it. And you're not seeing anything wrong with it. That's all I got in the office. Okay, everything. And he don't want you there. Here's the fact that it says, turn your TV to MSNBC, which I'm practically trying to do, but I have no idea what MSNBC is on the, on the, on the small dish. Because I never watched it on the small dish. I never even dawn on me. Let's see, 355 of CNBC, it must be, and we're at the bunch of channels. And that there's Bloomberg, and there's a C-span 2, and C-span 1, and this, and that, and a Part-Tree, and there's much music, and a Part-Tree, and I find MSNBC. Oh, no, I haven't got any idea what number it is. Because, evidently, they're doing a story about the 60-year-old kid that got shot in school. And we're Michigan by one of his schoolmates, because you crazy gun people. I want to make damn sure that everybody gets their hands on guns, and that we're drowning in a sea of gun, and shooting, and dead people and bodies. You crazy people, you. And I forgot about the American teenagers who were arrested in Germany speaking to small PENISES this morning. Do you see that story? No. Yeah, they went on the overpass. They killed a woman in the inner car. They were throwing rocks off the overpass. Like they used to do in Detroit when I lived there. That's a famous American pastime. And bowling balls and large objects off the overpass and seeing who's windshield. You can penetrate and how many people you can kill down below. 3506. Although I can't get it. Well, that's okay. I don't care if you can get it. Okay. And they are channel either. Well, there's Cal Rooken on their cell and panties or something. 560, 560, POMP 560, on a AT&T, Lines 1126 of QAM. PENTERS, HOTTI, ONLY ON. 430, 560, QA-R. Holy Macaron! This is Joe Bow on the Voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs. And you're listening to the Hockey Authority Neil God. Hey, Danny! Well, what's you like to go with yourself, France, King, for maybe your wife? Yes. Well, go do the extension hall where a lot of instances go. And you're still busy, two-five. In our ages everything's fine. Can't reach out to that town in half a year. Well, go back to the town. Throw it in the trunk and pop it up and then get good edge runs all the way around. Pull it up. You need to all-or town where it's re-flow around. You need to all-or town where it's closed down. Next slide. Go on. And all that is everything's fine. Can't reach out to that town in half a year. Go back to the town. Can't reach out to that town. Can't reach out to that town in half a year. Can't reach out to that town in half a year. Well, go do your stuff. How do you start to build some down over the region, France? That's right. Thanks a lot. Thank you, Pagadini. One soul thing to get rough is that everybody in a pool of blood all over. Life is so much like a friend of mine called, and I'll end this everything's fine. Can't reach out to that town in half a year. Can't reach out to that town. Can't reach out to that town in half a year. Hey, listen, money's more important than the money is still going on here on the CBSCNN. And on MSNBC, they had a rough-to-jane quality for about three minutes there. And that was the other day. Well, here we go. Finally. The Cheryl Childs shot by another student. Bourbon, Mount Morse Township. That is near Flint, Michigan. This is a whole child. And you can get an idea of... You'll element this in the moment. I want to go. We have the pictures that they were evacuating the school. The child who's been shot taken to the trauma unit at a hospital in Flint. And when we talked to a spokeswoman at the hospital, there you can see the pictures of the evacuation of the school. When we talked to the spokeswoman at the hospital, she could not provide a swift information at this point on the child's condition. So we'll have to wait in here how the child's been shot, how they're faring. On the issue report that a first grade student brought a handgun to school, was showing it off to classmates and it fired. Oh, so that's when we evacuate the school. And then parents had been notified. How unusual is that very unusual? Oh, yeah. I didn't know the gun was loaded. Little kids playing with guns, just as somebody left me in a run. See, I'm going to say it again, the parents of those, the owners of those guns, the parents, they should be in jail for a hell of a long time. One hell of a long time. And, well, these bugs. Wait a minute, I got to kill some bugs. Got to kill a sugar. So there you are. Hope that all you gun squeezes out there, all you apologists, all you gun, what assholes, I hope you're happy now. Just never stops. Just bodies laying around. You know, wow, we can't be responsible for irresponsible people. 560, 560, we got 16,000 open lines here this morning. This is one farewell to the 24th year on here in this time. This is exactly the sum up. Just like my parents on Saturday at the a similar Indian casino during a geriatric time. And it must have been a sleepy hour. It's when I had a scenario. Here's a mobile into question. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I'd like to talk to you about the cops over New York again. Yeah. I'm going to retry at New York cops. And I just, I've been listening to you for two days. And I really like you show. I like listening to you. But these are some things I'd like to get across. Oh, of course, because the retired cops in a prison cops, no matter what I'm dealing with, cops, I'm always wrong. No, no, no, no. I don't think you are wrong. I lay up a lot about when you say things about my amy cops. I didn't hear that cop the earlier. I wasn't on the car. Anyway, if that guy was a white guy and got shot that night, he still would have been shot. They would have shot him white black, whatever comes close. Yeah. Neil, you know how like I cut you off the other day. You went through the middle of life and he pissed you off. And you said, if you had a shotgun, you would have killed him. Yeah. Because you were afraid you might have got killed. Yeah. You were shot. No. But if you had one, you would have shot him, right? Probably not. Oh, you know, you pissed off. If something that you say, I understand Neil, when, when, when, when, first of all, they teach cops. You can shoot as many rounds into a guy as you want. There's no laws against that. Everyone's up tight. How many times they shot him. That has nothing to do with it. It really don't. You're off time. I hate to break the news to you. Maybe according to your brainwashed mind, that has nothing to do with it. Just a minute. Just a minute. Because the cops aren't supposed to be the judge's jury and executioner. Okay. And that's what they were doing in the situation. They certainly have everything. Can I finish without you like, you're burping in the middle of it with this once? Got it. They have a right to defend themselves. Of course. And if they thought he was pulling a gun, I can understand why they reacted. But at a certain point when a guy is going down, how many shots need to be fired before you're confident that you're not going to get yourself blown away? Okay. I mean, what you're suggesting is that any kind of cops, respect you for anything once they decide to start shooting, they can blow you away. I'm sorry. That's a police station. I'm not willing to endorse that or accept it. No, that's not nearly what you scared. And they just kept shooting. It was terrified. They were terrified of what? That this guy might have a gun in his hands. They were terrified. Maybe they should find a better line of work than if they were terrified. Of course. But when it hits you, I mean, of course. What does that mean? Of course. Let me ask you, did you guys shoot? Well, what about the guy? Just he might have been terrified? Of course he was. Yeah. And you know what? He made him a steak to be cooked. He was taking his wallet out to show his ID. Probably right away. So they wouldn't shoot him. Yeah. And they were talking about he was in a doorway. The light bulb was out in doorway. It was dark. And they were not in uniform. They were playing clothes. He had these from a foreign country. He doesn't speak much English or didn't he? He's been at a very short period. He had no ID or what that was going on. Of course he didn't. And they didn't know what he did. What do you know either? Yeah. They didn't know. Neil, I've been in, I was shot once. And I was in about three shootouts. And you only had a second to decide this. He had a gun or a don't he? Am I going to buy a chicken or a dog? And when one cop stopped. Well, that means you had a start firing 41 shots. Neil, when one cop stopped his shooting, they all stopped his shooting. And the reason I had so many rounds. And it's amazing to me that it took four cops that many shots to make him less serious. Neil, they didn't look at the guy next to them. See how many times he was shooting. You don't even know of the other guy shooting enough. You're shooting. Each guy didn't know how many cops was shooting at the, at each other. At each guy. I'm sorry. So if you're not shooting, you say, I hope he's shooting. Nobody stops. Now I'm not buying a shirt. You can sell. Okay. Now until the end of time. I know I have to be in that circumstances at some time in your life. You know. I don't want to be in that circumstance. No. Well, I was in that. I'm not, it was the world's tragic accident. And in addition to which the person that they were looking for is a serial rapist, not a murderer. I mean, a rape obviously is a very serious crime. Obviously the guy's a scumbag that they're looking for. But he wasn't a murderer. It's not as though they thought that they were limited to somebody who was a threat to everybody's life. Neil, they saw him pull something out. Yeah. So he had it gun. They're making, they're making the mistakes. You can't get nervous every time they think they see anybody pull something out. 560, 50560, on the AT&T. Wireless line. Unless they're German. 21 before noon at 560, WQM. So we don't have any of the work. We'll keep on CNN here and see if the six year old kid is going to live or die. Assuming that anybody out there would care to they care. No. Bring the gun to school. Hey, Tommy, look what I got here. I just, oh, Tommy. Tommy's dead. This is a sickness, a disease. An illness that you will not find any place else, any place else. And then the civilized or uncivilized world. No place else. Where people are arming themselves to the teeth and switch a lid. Where everybody in a brother is a member of the military. Are they all have guns? Are they blowing each other away? No. No. And even in Israel, we're, of course, we are like bombs. They prefer bombs on school buses there, much bigger. But they're all members of the military, including the women. Are they blowing each other away with guns? No. No. 24 noon at 560, WQM. I don't understand the meaning of what's on it. In the media, I see much level with gas, nearly. Find it all so hard. Really. She's the nice flavor we're in a bad series. She and husband give. Recylifices. Set floating places like that zone. It's just but being no better than that. Don't say it's that. They curse that. With saying there's no switch on. You're the only time in the world. I know where it goes. They say it's why. And there's no change in the way. They say it's why. I'm 45. We got some good news finally. Someone confirmed reports. Here's a fact. This is Kathy Lee Givert quit the show. The morning show this morning. What have been a whole day? What's the name of that show? Whatever it is. Would read this in Kathy Lee. Something with today tomorrow this week. Whatever it is. What's there right if that pitches off here? Probably quickest before they're going to blow our ass out anyway. Kathy Lee. God. No towel can she sing? No. She act. She amusing. She entertaining. No. She looked great. No. But nevertheless. See, I guess now that Regis and got the cloud that he's on at the Grow Test Millionaire Show, we probably told that bitch to take a hike. Take a good fly and five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line. See, if somebody if a couple's you over if you're speeding. And he wants to see your driver's license and registration. And you're reaching your wallet to pull off it based on this every Territop. This brainwashed ex-cuff. The cop can say, oh, gee, I thought it. And they looked like one of those wallet the guns to me. Start firing. Now how many shots would it take to disable you? See, that's the point. Not to blow you away necessarily, but to disable you to make you not a threat to him anymore. How can I tell you after she'll you be not a threat? All of them. Okay. Now we're just trying to kill you. Not a reason for all you kids out there be sure and trust those men and blue. They're your friends. Like I like that little kid that when they would have to helmet on the bike that day. Remember that? The kid would have been in Palm Beach. Yeah. And the public supported the cop by the way. Oh, yeah, he handcuffed them and kept showing them down to the ground because he was writing his bicycle without a helmet. I think the cop may be played too much football without a helmet like Gary Ford. Here's a mobile and coral geobals. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. This can be in the father of a TV unbottards that first thought about this kid's horrifying. But on the known, I wonder how many thousands of people have been stopped by police officers and have successfully pulled out their walls without being shot. If I'm a positive teacher, I'm going to pose every meoxy police officer and ask that question. I just don't think it routinely happens. Yeah. Well, let's hope. I mean, just don't think. Let's hope it doesn't routinely happen because listening to these cops and cops that are calling in, haven't had any of that all they got to do is to think just to believe that maybe you might be pulled out of the gun and by the big they can unload on you. Yeah, no trust me. There's such a sarcasm there. On another note, it's amazing how the Neil Ron enforcement community rallied around these guys. Still need to grow on this guy away completely innocent. But does that always happen though? Well, if a cop in Pocipsy, New York gets killed in line of duty, then cops come in from like ishboming Michigan and they drive in from clear water and the Dallas and all over the country, you know. I know. I know. But listen to this. We got something going on in North Florida right now. I'm hoping games though where there are four corrections officers up from murder charges for allegedly beating this death row double convicted murderer in stark. Right. Again, allegedly they beat him up after the inmates said he was going to murder one of the corrections officers and anything want to burn these guys. They want to bust their balls over this and the guys has convicted murder and we're making a big damn deal. But that's the only reason I'm not a bunch because he's a convicted murderer. That means that they got to write the beat him to death. Is that what you're saying sir? No, that's what you just said. No, no, absolutely no, but I'm trying to compare the sir. I hate to break the news to you, but nobody has the right in this country to kill anybody else. Yeah, I mean, when I'm talking about capital punishment, that's why I said, under the law, which is our very, but other than that, nobody's got the right to kill anybody for any reason other than self defense. No, and I'm sure there are a lot more clean different things going up there that we'll never know about. Yeah, but it just, I think these guys are entitled to do process and it doesn't think that they're getting the rally in support that these cops in New York. And on my last note, the protestors in New York, seriously need to watch national television and take some tips from Cuba's down here. Miami have successfully protest. Let's send Ellie on up there. In fact, give it a, you know, Al Sharpton and 10 Ellie on up there. Okay. Well, I'll put a thousand cars in front of Wall Street and that take care of it. Okay, have a great day. 5, 6, 7, yeah, that's, that's always the problem of the dark folks. They always protest in the burned down or wrong neighborhoods. You know, they always do it in the wrong spot. They burned down their own neighborhood and then they protest were like a lot of other dark people are who gives a crap about that. He's right if they just go out through in the type of lost me for a couple of hours. They'll see some action. Probably, we'll be Juliana. Be out there doing the shooting. Guns and the people who embraced them, scumbags and the people who loved them. These are all part of the American FM way, man. Beautiful. Lovely. Like my mother says, life could be beautiful, but it ain't. Here's a mobile in vocah. Hello. Hey, good afternoon. Yeah, you're great. I never heard your comment regarding the rocker situation. Remember when he's bad mouth, all those people. Yeah. Okay. What happened when, when, when, read you, wipe that mouth. There's no news. We've already been to that a million times. John Rockers got everybody, every much right to be a bigot as anybody else does. He's, he's not a spokesman for baseball for the Atlanta Braves or anybody else. And it's, he can say whatever he wants. Do what I ask about that song by Luther Campbell as bigot as he wants to be. That's, uh, he can be as much of a redneck bigot as he wants. I couldn't care less. But how come nobody went wild when we're doing it? Because he's the man of the cloth. Don't you understand he'd be doing it for God for the Lord. Oh, he can get away with that. That's correct. Plus he's a little on the dark side. Oh, so he would because he's like he can get away with that. No, because he's black and he'd be a minister. Oh. Okay. Okay. And have a great thing. Not to mention that. And of course, a lot of the black athletes who have said, grow test and unacceptable things. But we got this double standard. But that is, why do we have to get into this now? This thing in New York is not a racial case, but America, they love it. They love race. They basically hate each other like poison. The white taste of blacks in the black taste of white, and it's never going to change. Never going to change. Birds of a feather do what together. That's what George W. says. That's why he's against that interracial dating. Or is he for it? And let's see. Are you for it? Yeah, but what's what's the deal? George, we can't. Yeah. Yeah. Watching him like trip all over his tongue. He didn't know what Ellie was saying and getting redder and redder in the post. And his face was getting red too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound five. Here's John McCain up there on making his big deal. His town hall meeting in Stockton, California. Never met a gun owner. He didn't like. Never met a gun that ought to be registered. There's nothing to do with the Constitution about cars. See, this is kind of strange to me. A man who thinks that he should be the president of the US says that there's nothing in the Constitution that gives you a right to have a car. Is there anything in the Bible that says you have a right to have a car? No. No. How about in the Magna Card of the right about cars in there? No. No. I mean, thank God for the Republican Party. Maybe every time you have a feeling that they got a chance to get back at a white house, they come up with a dead man like Bob Dole or they're going to come up with a a underhead like George W. Or this guy who, of course, for the moment is cool and a lot of people. But what they see what he's really all about. They'll say, oh, no thanks. And how is the Gary Bower doing? I'd rather take my chances with pop of power than Gary Bower. And what about that poor what's your name? And what about poor Lizzie there on guiding light? That's what we ought to be concerned about. And where'd you get all those bruises from? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I've gone hugger from Miami. What those cops did in New York is unspeakable. I agree with you. I mean, when they were confronted with the situation, they were just, you know, reacting how they were trained. But the two of them matter is once the person is stopped, there was no reason why they should have kept firing. I mean, we're, I have a concealed weapons permit. They've thought of you shoot somebody. That person falls. First thing you do after you come. I'm one one is you try to resuscitate them. And obviously those cops were out to do something else. I mean, you know, there's those, those people up in New York should just send those guys up to the river. Yeah. Well, they did send them up to river up the Hudson Albany and the people on Albany said, they're not guilty next. Yeah. So that's all I have to say. And you know, those, uh, checkers start dying of an option next to the room or trying to guess. Okay. Have a great day. And that's a good point. You know, something, if the checkers start that, that's excellent point. We can keep our eye in them if they start falling off, they're got them ceiling. Then we're in deep trouble. We're in the scary. That's deep crap. That's right. Better than a hummingbird. 567. 0560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Little kid gets shot. We don't know if he's alive or dead because we've got to hear John McCain on CNN. No, sure. Yeah. But, uh, what do you say, lotion? What did he just say? Did you hear that? Well, I talk about, you know, other people's material, John McCain just said, It puts the lotion in the breast. Nice going, John. Here's a calling for Myers. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. That was a good one there. Listen, um, one thing got me that one caller before you took the break. That's a cop. Yeah. They come in and they say how terrified these cops were. They say, uh, right picture is for, you know, guys popping down the street with their guns out ready to go. This guy makes a move. They couldn't wait to jump on him and kill him. Yeah. I mean, I don't, I don't believe you know, I was suddenly turned him into little, you know, frightened little innocent children. Uh, but I'd like they were carpenters or something or plumbers, not the trained law enforcement people. Yeah. They were scared to death. Yes. There's a doctor who's at least five foot six tall, always 140 pounds, uh, whatever, and he was 120 pounds. I know. It's amazing. These X cops, they just go into it like, you know, let, you know, some things are factual. We're not really, you know, stupid as they want us to be. And, uh, I just picture these guys out there as a vigilante group. And they basically saw the opportunity jumped on them, you know, a 41 shot later. You know, and, but the one cop said after he saw the, the, uh, he was supposed to go in with a wallet and he said, where's the F and gun and he realized there wasn't any guns. He leans over and says to the guy who's blind. They're dying on the sidewalk. Please don't die. Please don't die. Yeah. Yeah. Because I'm going to be in deep cramp. Yeah, but they, they can't come after the fact and they could follow these stories about we're supposed to believe how, you know, and using the word terrified. Yeah. If me and four of my buddies were running down the street with a gun and some little guy pulled his wallet out of, I, I terrified would not be the word. Yeah. I mean, I don't think I can't scare me that easy, but, and you know, as far as you were right as far as the parents of the, this kid, ridiculous, you know, my dad had guns in my bedroom since I was growing up. Never loaded double blot. Those parents definitely need to be. Gotta be in jail. Have to be in jail. Definitely not. I thought they're going to make sure they're asking jail. If nobody also do it. Yeah. Yeah. Definitely. It's about the six year old kid. He's playing with the toy gun and, you know, but, uh, how, how the game go last night. Now I missed it to the save. That's all I can say. It was the same, more the same old crap. Deadly. Uh, five two. Who? That's a dominant catch. Four nothing at one point. No, wasn't dominant catch. It was the a Florida Panthers is one of them. Not dominant catch. Same thing applies. Neil, no goal. Okay. All right. Three minutes before noon at five, 16, W to Q. Let me know what you're showing. Let me show you. Let me show you. Let me show you. Let me show you. Let me show you. Let me show you. Okay. Five minutes. 10 to two. Sports radio, five 60. Q 8 M. F. F. F. F. F. F. On. What happens with a television network? We'll do anything to get you to watch. And when we put on the live game of Russian roulette. We had to admit that was over the line. When good networks go bad. Tonight, right after all new worlds, why can you circumcision? Cirque of the season only a little thought. Yeah, definitely over the line. Probably two or five sixty-w to show him. Here's one of the great facts as I've ever received. This is without knowing it. You might have discovered why Jeff Irmer never pulls out his wallet. He's afraid he's going to get shot. Nice thought Bob. Great facts. They stopped. Yeah, I know I saw it. It was pretty weak. How about those monks? They stopped. Them two. How about that defense? They stopped. 560-505-60. Let's see. Oh, here we go. We can't tell you that the school has been evacuated. And the children and the staff. The staff. The street to a church where they're being kept away and getting parents, the chance to catch up with their children and make sure they're okay and to comfort them. A new conference with police and school officials is scheduled to begin at any moment. And hopefully then Frank will have some concrete details on exactly what happens. I had police presence noticeable. The police presence is quite noticeable. They're keeping the public a good distance away. Quime tape is around the scene. And they're trying to keep the scene as clean and secure as they can so they can get the accurate evidence. Hey, guys. Reporting from Mount Morris Township in Michigan. Okay, great. What are we response on our poll question today? I'll not, uh, it's kind of a silly thing, but nevertheless, and you know what, so far, George is right on the money. Should it fool nudity be allowed on television and the US is our question today? Yes, 28. No, does 7. Only 35 votes so far, pretty weak. That's 80 percent. Yes. I'm on a money. They're just doing that to make George happy. I mean, I agree with that, but I'm sure that there must be a lot of really Prudentials out there, who say, oh no, that's disgusting. That children might see or some pervert might see it. Or George might see it. Well, I'm being redundant. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and coral spring. Hello. All right, how you doing? Okay, sir. I just want to make this real short. We got into cops shooting and we all could. Yes. Okay. Whatever happens to keep your hands where I can see them before you start shooting. You know, the cops don't do that anymore. Keep your hands where I can see them before I start shooting. Well, first they're all the guy understood the little language, but that might not help anyway. Oh, okay. But at least, you know, you got four cops, one guy. Right. Somebody could have stopped them or, you know, you know, the shooting before they started shooting, right? You would think so. Yeah. You would think so. And what if this world come into? Oh, well, that's all I can say. Okay, I think I'm hanging there. What's not what the world is going to do. It's what Americans society has already come to a long time ago. And that is a wild-washing shot on. That we can't get away from the guns. We can't get away from the shootings. And how anybody could vote for a candidate for any officers who says, oh, yeah, well, you got this absolute right to have guns. And just to whatever anyone had you want with them, basically is what they're saying. Cannot regulate it because it says in the kind of the second amendment, which is a product crap anyway. That what it says. Do we have a militia? No, we need a militia. No, what we need is an end of guns. That's what we need. And the people that squeeze them and hug them and blow each other away with them. And let kids run around with them. And just like they got a call before, oh, yeah, when he's a gun squeezer, but, you know, it's terrible that the parents should be responsible. I'm sorry. I'm not buying it. All the rationalization in the world isn't going to convince me that individual that private citizens should have guns. Oh, but then only the scumbags will have guns. Okay, whatever you say. Whatever you say, and that's because the NRA owns lock stock and barrel, one of our two political parties. And that's one of the main, one of the reasons that I'm vehemently opposed to any member of that party, vehemently and unilaterally opposed. I don't care who the hell they are. I don't care if they still look opposed to the rest of the free train. Which party is that? The gun party. Let's have a gun party. Come on. Here's Western, hello. I know. Yes, sir. Yes. I just want you to move it in my background. So you understand where I'm coming from. I move down here, retirees for poor one name. Yes, sir. And we don't have the violence up there that they pay for. Well, you don't have any people up there for a direct. We got about 40 people up there, something like that. Just about. But what I want to tell you is the hatred, the hatred in the bigotry is taught. No one's born with it. It's segment happening to this country. What's happening? This isn't something new. No, it is just started. It isn't new. But we're no further now than we were 20 years ago. Right. It's just that we have laws that protect different issues. And then that's why we need to handle those laws because if we have to. It's just like this crap about hate crimes. We have to have hate crime laws now because if somebody kills you for a special reason, because you remember whatever group, therefore the punishment has to be worse. Where's the logic in that? I don't know. I don't know. Does anybody shoot somebody in Killa because they like them? No. No. No. They shoot them because they hate them. Yeah. At the moment. The individual or shot in the office. The police in shot. I mean, the bottom line was he. He. They put out an all points for the. Yeah. The description in any black man would fit the description because that's the way they think. I was five. Five. Six. He's like a midget. That's right. It was wrong. Wrong. Well, we have as a bunch of why it helps out there. I don't know how old you are. I'll give you my age. I'll not be seven. Okay. Pretty old. So, I'm going to be a couple of years in the home to kids. People have lost respect for their parents. Yeah. Yeah. And so what you got out there is the. And so what we're saying to look at the chair. Oh, I don't want to go. I've got to kill a bug here. Okay. I said, I'm starting to each all over now. For me's got the emchiggers. We got a chigger problem here at Q.I.m. Let's get them. Okay. I'm shooting chiggers right now. Whether anybody likes it or not. That this place is a toilet. This is starting to become like the rat and festin. I'm going to face it place. Then I never worked that thing. I got over in Sheridan Street. Because this is a bunch of slabs that run his company. Slabs with the capital S. Just take a look at the walls on here. They're schmutz on a guy. They emuls. You'd peep your guts out. Stop hanging from the ceilings. Bugs flying around here. They got the guy slapping a guy. They have wallpaper. Glue on a wall. It's coming through the venture. Some are hollowing from it. We're peepin our guts out. And these people are broadcasters. No. Like my dog is a broadcaster. My little miniature pinchers. Stick him in front of a guy. They're my gropo. Okay. He's a broadcaster. You'd like to want to be easily their broadcasters. Bugs flying around in here. How could you have? You could see where we are. We're on the third floor. We're like in the middle. We're not near a window. We got bugs flying around. Probably trying to escape from the guy. They have a stench from that wall. Paper glue. But you're hoping to pay him by the way. The wallpaper people. They probably got paid in front. You think we were, oh, that's right. Cash only. That's probably why they can get him in here today. Probably have a special. That Tuesday special. I don't want to say these people don't pay their bills. But you know what? They don't pay their bills. Well, you know, I can't talk about that other thing. But I can assure you, tell us the way it is. I'm not making that up. Where that money comes from? That OJ golfer. And by the way, anybody seen it yet? Yeah. Right. Exactly. Nine minutes after noon at Scandal, written 560 WQA. Basta. There. Two-five hours. Three-dance dinner at Burger King. Nine ninety-nine. Bottle of cheap wine. You're old about to pick up four-year-old liquor store. Four ninety-five. Cabrides are the dance. Eight fifty. Putting your hand down the pants. You're drunk and being. Price-less. There are a lot of things money can't buy. But for everything else, there's master card. Master card. The official credit card. It didn't lay in the moment. All right. For 14 at 560 WQA, I got hangout at Derraldo in the show from 2 to 6. I have no to boast of it. Six. Hurricanes in the Panthers. Or back in the night again. This is a different Hurricanes in Panthers. This is the money Hurricanes in the Fit Panthers. With Hurricanes basketball, 7 o'clock tonight, at 8k after the game. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and Oakland park, hello. Yes sir. I think it's a chance to come down and say hi to you. The goal is to get one of stairs. When the crash and that and everything. My wife has been played back on TV. That goal was blocked in by them. By Buffalo. She said from the TV camera. Let me ask you a question. What did it make? Yeah. 4252. We still sunk to join out. It's disgusting. It was no contest. There were never any contest. Buffalo was flying like the wind. We were skating like there was nobody else out there on the ice. And we were like we'll walk with sneakers on. That's right. On the ice. I swear. I mean you got me started in hockey years ago. And I love hockey. But boy, God, that's not hockey. And he's screaming. We got to get more players. Why? All these players that are out there now are the same ones that we had at the beginning of the year when we got 16 points out of the capitals. Except for what's his name? Sir, you're forgetting one thing. And that is that if the goal 10 can keep him in the game. You can't depend on that all year long. People have been deluding themselves into believing this is an outstanding team. It's not. There's too many dead spots out there. I mean, what's with the crew? Including the kid with a long hair. Cavassia that they're so intent on because he's only 21 years old. I got news for our what he's 31 years old. He's still going to be a still can play. And then last night we get treated to the big sparks are out there. Peter wore a well. He's on the top line. How do you like that? He comes out there. He's on the top line. How do you like that? He comes out and starts out with Victor Christloven. Poplbury and gets a bigger hand from the crowd at the introduction of the opening introduction that Poplbury does and does absolutely nothing to the game. I think all they're going to stick him in front of the night on the park. He's out there in a power play. Did we score on the power play? No. It was pathetic. We fell on the public. And I talked to Terry Sundead. The NHL break. I said, Jesus do something to Marne. I way. Oh, we're going to wait. Well, we're going to be where. I'm going to change the lines around. This and NOT. I'm a rohawk. Kodiak cost kids. I'm a roller-hawkie coach. John C spaces. You're right, Terry Marie is cool as to what I was... I mean like I said I close rohawkia right. people will be lining about why you're screening. What do you run? I'm upset because. What do you upset about? Because they're sticking to join out. Now, what can I tell you? You're right. I shouldn't get upset of Skkaato. I'm one of those people. I closed with there water in there. They're losing. period last night we got that a lot of their because it was for nothing and the game where was for one the game was over and we knew that but I mean I'll show up by regardless so the fact is they're not playing well that's all I can tell you and the fact is that they got a lot of stiff too many stiffs on this team I don't I can't show up for financial because I got kids and I mean it all but yeah I get my support and I let me ask you this how come everybody's always whining and carrying out about they can't afford to go there and last night maybe we had 10 or 11 thousand people there forget that attendance in the paper that's just tickets over season ticket sales but how and I also how come the people in the lower bull when they're not going to be there they can't give their tickets to somebody try to make sure that there's somebody in those seats that's how I went a friend of mine guy that lives in his complex gave me his two season tickets last night I was up in 420 I was I was happy but I just can't go sometimes I go when I can I'm trying to go to Marney and hopefully which I doubt will be Toronto and I got I'm buying tickets I doubt that no well I don't know they got to do something and I don't think it's the players I think it's no no seriously okay how great they pal calm down come by got you know psychotic you know just calm down it's only a game okay it's only a game and if somebody gave you the tickets what are you getting so wild about just relax ticket depress okay take a like that pretend you're one of those old parts 110 squeeze your bag a little bit take a deep breath and you'll be okay 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T line the out of town line toll free 877 785 6345 no more news about the conditioning that kid no I mean not anybody cares here do they oh they don't know who it is say this business about the right to have guns I say that every parent in his country's got the right to send their kid to school every day and the right to expect that they'll come whole alive would that right should super see the right to have guns and you can take your second amendment and and your militia too they are safe from for the militia and they're why you're at it okay you probably enjoy it here's a call in Miami hello yes sir I like to show to the show it's a great show it's not a good show sir it's a great show it's a great show it's a spectacular show the audience sucks but the show is great you're absolutely correct that is right yeah the reason why I called I I wanted to ask you to remember the story of there was a black fellow local remis yeah it was a black fellow who walked through it was a Cuban neighborhood or some neighborhood down in in in higher layer and he was shot he they thought at first he had a gun and they thought he had a sock and he was shot do you remember the time I don't know what story you're talking about okay do you remember that story it was now there was another I don't remember it was about five months ago they they showed it on TV and then after they realized he it was not a gun what's a black guy doing higher layer for crisis well same I mean it's a right to go to waiting you don't know sir you almost your spokes with your specs come on let's get with it I think I think I think but also I know now that's that's a good point now he could have been black you could have also been Hispanic let's move a few of those in I just look to the cracks but now you know all he could crack again there he goes can't wait for that's in crack the police need to be held at a higher standin what they are because okay here and no kidding example you're kidding and let me tell you how come we're not hearing more about the kids since you talking about highly about the cops and highly that got busted the store was all over the TV news yesterday for selling X to see the miners to kids how come we're not hearing a lot about that how come we're not hearing any more about the guy dead cops with that prostitution ring that everybody keeps promising us we're gonna hear something about it but we hear anything about it no you know I think it's going to come to trial in 25 25 maybe no can I say something oh yeah okay maybe you know lately here here and and flar and well not flar with Miami most specifically yes you hear molestories about the police shooting people because the police felt that they were gonna run them over with their on-wheel I mean why can't the police get out of their way why are you hearing all these bizarre stories we're getting here the word of this story come from you're constantly hearing someone constantly hearing about cops shooting people because it's not that we're gonna get run over that's correct yeah but they're radar gun maybe yeah get out of here this guy is on a jungle juice this guy get out of my face you're crazy person I say support your local police until they blow your brains out five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen T. wireless line here's a call in water hill hello the others speaking yeah hi I'm the shooting in New York yes I don't want to New York the shooting says that was the police shooting in the area and yeah yeah I don't want to confuse you will tell me your calls with the facts the the gather was shot yeah spoke very good English no he did not know he did not yes he did not he said so his mother said so I'm not come out come over he's proud of saying he did not why I heard this mother said she spoke he spoke very good okay mama and another point he's police have stopped hundreds of people and never shot anybody so what does that mean the point is they just picked this guy to shoot you trying to tell me they stopped hundreds and hundreds they stopped the guy and now before how about all the blackheads that they stopped and first just because they were blackheads shoot them and how about that is that okay should you share a bunch of plain clothes and stop you and first you on the streets because the color your skin so why are you so anxious to defend them sir are you and you are you and you are you another one of our you're one you're one I'm a New York yeah and also you must like Rudy Giuliani too I must be another card card card card is a guy that's a thousand to live by taking the hot dog vendors up now get out and here go back to New York I'll see you in a subway with Bernard get out of here you will fossil you see that's the reason this town is what it is today is because every time one of our old parts down here bites the bullet so the space we get 10 more come into replace him like this old fart from New York sir let me say it again if it's so wonderful in New York if it's so safe if Rudy Giuliani is made a touch of great and an and an and what whatever an an accepting place the mind how are you here what are you doing here we don't need any more old people here let me say it right now other than my mother nobody old is allowed to be here that means nobody over the age of 75 you're all out right now out bye bye see a goodbye and since we decided that black people are white people can't get along one of those groups is going now let's take a poll on that and that'll be tomorrow's poll question who's going to blacks are the whites we'll find a very nice place for you Georgia they got a lot of cotton up there that's still on picked a lot of those that are still on picked and then you got Bob bar there's a guy you could take care of nothing self-care line would be better don't just think Bob bar would look good in lynch bird Virginia but he looked good up there yeah would you recall well they make a lovely couple like one hangin right next to the other one Bob bar would have a little mustache you have ever seen him and eight off together all same person same guy you think that Hitler actually blew his brains out after W.W.T. so he found a fountain of youth that's still him Bob bar in Georgia that's eight off and by the way speaking to you dark folks eight off would love to attend to rise your meat here's a mobile and dear field beach hello yeah I know yes sir I'm afraid that was a little first grader a little girl that died she died I another first grader she died I know it was another first grader who brought the gun to school I know that she died where did you hear that I heard it on your sister station there's a pop of the hour how come they don't have it on CNN that she died I don't know I really don't got it came across but that's what it was I guess George W. said it wouldn't happen in Texas because all school kids are required to carry a gun no it could only happen in church right in in church or synagogue right in Texas because then you can pack your peace exactly thanks for the right thanks for the good news okay okay according to this guy we got another did the child a lot more to see it in very carefully I don't don't hear that I see that Heinrich Kim were resigned in Austria here long as hiders far right party makes up half of the country's governing coalition yeah bye bye how do you also be with her two five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line just like that poll we took the thing with a gun and it was overwhelmingly that there should be more gun control laws but we still got those but your heart asses out there the gun squeezers the guys with the German like penises the very small undersized penises who want to make themselves fields better well here's the story about the German he rock tunes are all children of US military personnel children of US military military personnel go to jail kill in this woman throwing this you should see the just show the border that they threw off the overpass how do you like that I hope they fry their ass for murder is what I hope how embarrassing I hope they put them in whatever is left in dockout I hope they take those goddamn kids and put them in a goddamn camp and give them a shower crazy crazy bastards American lunatics this is the way American children are raised in a violent barbaric society loaded with guns fill and people no value for human life everything's a big goddamn joke shame on you America that's all I can tell you shame on you and where's your passport or when I'm used let me miss my piece of advice for all you people to bring out there don't ever let your passport straight too far away always keep it in sight and the passport to 26 pass noted five sixty w q m for you fudge packin yo yo yo what up what's up your man what's up it's someone talk to you me break something down for you yeah what's all right here's what you're gonna do you want to take the wrap on my gun charge man say what I said you want to take the wrap on my gun charge right now I'm gonna walk on and you're gonna do that for me because you're my boy what you tripping all right gone down I'm gonna give you this forty thousand dollar pinky brain what you get that I want that so yours what you know because you the man no no I want that crap that crap man that's the forty thousand dollars you bring that Jennifer's right why you do that you do whatever you want with the man I'm gonna give me right to you because you gonna take the wrap on me no man I don't know you love a boy man you're my boy you're crazy man I here's what I do for you all right I'm gonna give you Jennifer what I'm gonna give you Jennifer I am a boy for that you know before you go when all that no man no give me Jennifer and a bird's eye pop pie with the mashed potatoes on top with the mashed potatoes on top because you're my boy you do it I know I can't do that man I can't do it can't do it there's no peace no carrots in that nice chicken broth no man what are you crazy no not for no pop pie I'm gonna give you the cookie pants but you got Jennifer you got bird's eye pop pie you got the ring the little carrots don't forget them yeah I check me check me I troll and Ealy O's pizza we talk about just what's here is here pop we don't I'll just put this thing there oh you're manual for shot me wow that no happens to me pop pretty 2.5.60W come it's just it's just mind boggling it's just unbelievable I got a calls before about this little girl is dead from the school shooting about what is she is not dead or she is she must be a he must be on the mountain from the uh... she's very a school shooting where the center and additional wish you're saying that the issue is for the head of the is a witness and then another issue going for the head of the head of the what if the shooting and doesn't mean the scouts out about him uh... showing her the gun and otherwise they got any idea what they're talking about but don't let that stop the media from going pop pop pop pop pop like that they have got any they want to talk about and then we got this jackass that calls in a her to the top of the hour on our sister station we have a sister station that does knows no does any station in this company do news low what a joke that is that my cost of money gets serious got your mind here's a fact from uh... jocostello system's rather helping support and don't slap in my face again that wasn't me jol believe me that wasn't me five six seven five sixty pond five sixty and by the way jol shave your ball spot here's a mobile in my amy hello yes sir hey has gone pretty good visit our colleague response to uh... the whole eight trying to hear talking about hate crime yeah yeah is it that the post will love crime right on hey man let me ask your question is it funny how only white people seem to be able to commit these eight crimes and that went to black guy's drag a white guy in the back of the way okay thanks five six seven all i guess that's a good thing went to white guys raga black guy and then a lynching in Texas that's a good thing crime is a crime is a crime boys and girls a murderers a murderers a murder but of course when you want to pander to one of your minority groups and you say all we have to enact a lot of hate crimes laws you know whether you're pandering to dark folks or party faggher whoever doesn't given day you have to endorse all those hate crimes law much of a little crap when you murder somebody guess what they're dead wow five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two wireless line where we go all way up on top there couldn't even see it here's west in hello meal yes sir in light of uh... all these uh... uh... street soog athletes that get uh... you're uh... chance after chance after chance yeah i was wondering if you could rip jolros for the act nine comments he was making this morning i don't know why don't you rip a might a half the rip and story well because it i well you're better at it and obviously or the wise you have the show that's right exactly yeah but uh... i don't know if you heard about what did you say i like the wee we'd be signed up evidently the u m uh... basketball coach suspended uh... their top score right for something that he did wrong or whatever right jolros went to the game and was ripping the coach because he's suspended don't you understand jolros is a professional jock jolros is the guy to go down here and is ripping the woman that he's a columns was a trying to uh... uh... final in five o'clock in the morning in her apartment i mean jolros is just a jock if you don't you understand that he's an ex-joc and a joc lover and jock's nifer who hangs with a boys yeah all right that's a moment period okay and have a great thing what do you have to say that you're you can kiss my real ryan el Paso baby five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-warless here's a lady in Miami hello yeah i mean how are you okay i had my first bit that story about the cops shooting the african guy uh... the african guy what do we just say the black guy well he was from africa yeah he was an african american he was really african okay and they the article said that he is got it down and point that wall it like it was a gun you know like you didn't point the wall it like it was a government what did you hear that was the first newspaper about article the money here all yeah and i'm thinking that maybe really seriously in his own country when they had to show wall it's been did the police stand they point the wall and actually yeah right and the white cops didn't know that this is an african i think they do that in the gary of the point to the point of the wall and actually right a great day sweet heart what was there anybody know what you were saying yeah well yeah he pointed the wall it never seemed like do that they take out a wall they plan actually like like that and you point that fat thing at me yeah how about the wall five six seven five sixty pound five sixty so all new german guys with your skinny penises out there be where you've been out and how do you like that uh... off to a liver five six seven five sixty pound keep giving these numbers up because tomorrow courses the big day they're all waiting for tomorrow aren't they no sure they are twenty four hundred versus a year in my name march first two thousand what is spectacular days that new folks isn't going to be here i sure doubted because these people want to do they lie a lot they lie i mean they invented the lie they know how to lie in ways that nobody ever would dream of action and they all it's on the way it's uh... yeah it's got to be hooked up and uh... George Corso's on vacation again his card didn't start today and bob the most he just had another brain fart or maybe was we just couldn't afford the two of the shipping charges maybe that's what i might have been you think uh... yeah to get it here because these people just remember what i told you boys and girls the one of these ladies cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap just keeps saying that to yourself okay cheap tight broke flat ass broke twenty two you got to get the kitchen on good twenty two before one at five sixty q a m is five six b you a a love you baby today i'd like to read a letter that i'm writing to all white people today in the spirit of unity and understanding their white folks couple of things you ought to know when i'm born i'm black when i grow up i'm black when i get sick i'm black when i go out in the sun i'm black when i go out in the cold i'm black when i get scared i'm black and when i die i'm still black but you my white man when you're falling you are pink when you grow up you are white when you get sick you are green when you go out in the sun you go red and when you get cold you turn blue when you get scared you turn yellow and i happy it's time for my life is when white people die you turn per se and you got the damn nurse so cool me coming okay it's a twelve forty four five sixty w q a m so what you try to say starts is a scharzer i don't have a luck that five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen two why don't you like it's a tragic story but it's like a comedy of air is to see the way the media are covering this shooting north of Flint in Michigan it was nine forty by the way that said that the kid was dead well guess what he's not hey to break the news to you on stupid talk well maybe she is but if it's a case there must be only one didn't know it maybe they got a psychic in there although i doubt it's a psychic that got burned at it in uh... down here yesterday but at any rate yeah she got burned at it by her ex husband boy from whatever honey was and then he was inside a wait a minute and custody charged with shooting her according to a press conference which has held just moments ago one shot was fired there were twenty two students and as you just heard one child was injured injured critically there are more than four hundred students who were there at the school they were evacuated parents came to the scene and took them away while the scene is now safe the parents of one little girl are having a very difficult time of it and parents of those other students trying to explain to their children how this could have happened again so we've got a lot from the first reporting here on MSNBC that it was a kid who took to go to school to show to a schoolmate and then there accidentally went off and the other kid got seriously injured the girl now it's uh... kid is in custody and uh... shot one person in the little girl and she's in serious condition still the hospital and so what they say on stupid talk and uh... they still don't know what got them just absolutely unbelievable i mean what the hell can you say about this fantastic coverage the media is sick and they've got to write for me know that five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t line out of time line is waiting on you desperately waiting eight seven seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five our poll question on our website on the arraggies dot com today should full new to the be allowed on american television yes or no and so far it's running way ahead way as a fact that's going to be a question tomorrow should head be allowed on the american TV here's my amy hello hello yes sir i don't know okay me and i think it will need these cops in the arraggies are made to them are uh... i'm a police officer in in the county i think i don't you don't it doesn't take forty shots to put a person around to forty one let's be precise well you know to subduer of a mean one shot disabled and the same with whatever i mean it's amazing these guys shot this guy nineteen times barely just to subduer of it is it's it's just calling an outring yeah and they all know what what i said i'm going to be a bit just seventy to be a couple of years since you're a cop in the county hearing more about that hooker ring down in candle actually i think and i think i've heard about it yeah it's uh... especially it's supposed to be high school students doing that yeah but the cops were the ones running the ring oh you don't want i can't get it to be done or the cops that i can't get into detail you do know the cops yeah i do know the cops and the washi hotter what or she was i okay have a great day five six seven oh five sixty put what are you smoking about i mean that's all anybody cares it's not a stunt me only when it's all raised about that story takes it's go test and now read this everybody else there all the more part of the one okay cop needy lately like everybody else right on cop needy little action right in fact maybe if they take out their stresses out of sixteen year old girls they wouldn't be shooting a kill in so many people that's right maybe if we're usually any got smart he'd uh... you know open up a little prostitution there back on time square open up some more to see and you notice ever since ever since he closed on all a corner there on time square and clean it up and make it like this is the last is the world north since he did that now all of a sudden you got this fate fade over students up there by cops were first rated activated for me as hell five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-line we got four thousand open line here another hour twelve minutes to go until hand comes on from the rail could we gonna make it today or my gonna have to write it on my memoirs again on the last day of my twenty four year in his town it was another god damn bass bomb lobbamba here's a little less palm hello hi you know i do it pretty good just want to let you know if force one flew up in my head about ten minutes ago and clicking landed safely in bomb age yeah one of the okay thanks for the good news does anybody care no we're not worried about that i'm sure he landed safely more real happy okay thanks for wasting our time with that crapser cut the crap cheezes got all my what what the heck kind of a call was that what would you say about that guy damn freaking call out raches i agree five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t-line got a sixty-year-old girl been shot she's in critical condition just north of flood Michigan and it's got calls and it tells bob is plain landed okay cheezes christ this is a bunch of who he here's a mobile in south Miami hello yeah i'm here Neil what is it is it Neil yes it is okay first time caller um i've been living through show her an off and the police officers i call in almost just the five the action they took uh it's been for this last guy except the last day county cop yeah i don't know the story hot yeah which is voice-out familiar to kind of uh the thing is that they've been really you know that sixteen year old girl no no the cop okay it sounds that they have to go after the department because it's the training they have to make them accountable because all these officers are are justifying the fact that they're anything out there guns yeah i mean what what does that mean well they have to go after the department these guys are being trained to be you know aggressive so in other words that department is responsible for the actions of age individual cop is that way you're saying and and not only that how do you go after the department oh you go after the state i mean that there was a elite officers this is a good city go after the city okay so we're going after the city the department of state and the dog cancer is that's that how about a crox a lot of people didn't like him should we go after him too okay the little girl died by the way she did yeah so i'll go to show her maybe they got the psychic over there it's super talk because the little girl just died would you get that three different people boxed as an AP just now though she just yes then or i mean you know moments ago we just thought about it just five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T line six year old girl gross parents that are off the school one day is she coming home yes he's coming home in a box and you want to know why she's coming home in a box i'll tell you why she's coming home in a box that's the american fucking one that's right because it's a violent barbaric country where everybody including little kids now are running around with guns that is gun mommy's gun big brother's gun somebody's god then guns and you gun people you're crazy that a bed bug and don't even waste your time call an issue try to give me a song to dance and sell me on your second amendment and all of a sudden a horse crap okay because civilized people don't want to live in the midst of a whole bunch of lunatics running around with guns and letting their little kids pick up their guns like play toy of course i said civilized people and the pardon me for saying that here in america okay see when you see when you come on here here you say oh and you're up they think we're barbaric and the people here they can worry up tight about how can you say that that's on america and that's this guy well i'm just telling you the way it is they think we're a bunch of barbarians and of course if the Germans start talking about those grotesque that through that boulder off you overpass and kill that woman in the car and if the Germans start calling us barbarians then we might raise a couple of eyebrows or like scratch our little mustache a little bit i'm far worse if i were that i just keep drinking at beer and dummy up a little bit here's a lady in aventure hello yes man yeah hi and we're going to the cops in the you're okay first of all yes 41 shots were fired uh huh yeah until you walk in someone's shoes all right what does that mean okay first of all only one of us are only four shots when they they when they got there they identified that we're looking for a suspect that's this good gentleman uh citizen's the description he was in a dock and a dimly rick you know carado no he wasn't that when they first saw him he walked into the corridor he wasn't standing in there and first of all it's a way yeah okay if he would have been an adult dimly look corridor if that would have been where they first saw him how could they have identified him he was walking home they saw him going home and they thought they they'd misidentified they thought it was the rapes suspect the serial rapists well i'm trying to say to you is that when they were shooting those those bullets were ricocheting off the building and those police were there nobody else got killed exactly it's miracle the police officer didn't think it killed it's a mirror miracle that no bystanders got killed innocent bystanders yes them too uh which is not easy they shouldn't be just unloading your guns like when the people around the world i'm told you get scum yeah so what's the point my son is a police officer no what a surprise oh yeah I'm surprised I know but i'm I lived down here in Florida yeah and my son no for my help yeah and my son first of all he has even bring his gun home because he does have children home also so his gun stays in his locker in the police station that's number one yeah number two is though when you are confronted we're doing a lot that when you're confronted with a law of violence when they identified back out five foot six were if a police officer identified himself and says who is just adopted the combat stance like kind of like a little gorilla there in the hood will you not move okay and you go and you move and you reach for you a pocket and you're dead what would you assume what would you move to begin with at the police officer says to you do not move police are you going to reach for you a pocket no what if i didn't understand what they were talking about but he did understand how do you know that yeah this today we're going to okay well everybody's got a different report about that as of yesterday he didn't understand speak a lot of English he was here in the country a short time and now all of a sudden he's I was they he's they linguist I don't know there we will never know not wish you're well because he ain't going to be around the tell us no he won't unfortunately no he won't and I pray for those crops because they have to live with themselves with the rest of their lives also well so a Ted Bundy would have had a little bit of self at the rest of his life to so should we have spared him to what is your that have been an off-pently instead of putting him to death and you know frying him in the electric here here in Florida you can't tell if I serial killer no no you're suggesting that they're going to have to live with it the rest of their lives they were doing the line of duty yeah how about a doctor who can match malpractice that butcher somebody up and he was doing it in the line of duty wasn't he does that mean he shouldn't be punished for it in some way now that they are hired to do in a line of duty I am sorry there I have to disagree with you so in other words they're hired to just make their own judgements that if they make a bad judgment we just let them free they are not free they're guilt will live with them for the rest of their lives okay thanks they can do no wrong did you know that they worked on or son is in the europe cop don't you understand this is the cops and the cop people against the rest of us would want to accept that that's what it's all about if you are a cop if you have a war cop if you know a cop if there's somebody cop into family then whatever cops do they can do no wrong it's like doctors who are butchers and who's patients wide up dying because of them they just had another piece here a few days ago while these people with these i act with genic diseases that they get in hospitals from being butchered and given around medication etc and so on we have an epidemic of that in this country but i mean if they got a license to practice and they're a doctor about me they're in a state they have to live with those mistakes the rest of their lives can't sue them and you can't punish them and can't take away their license because after all the reducta anybody with the uniform like their strawberry for example there's another goes and he wears a uniform hopefully with stripes on but that's right Yankee pin stripes have forgotten sorry Joe what what's the point are we're going to convince any of these people oh no the police officer is your friend he can do no wrong so put it back in your pocket and the wall i think you ain't my morning horse or? 8 jackets it's one the two hours your friends away it'llat u all the ai that make your right to want to come. When you think of all the benefits you're getting, like the sweeters at your heater, your cherry a life and silly deadly, come on and join to say a merry new way to be a family with the young man. And for the people, and for the chastas, all the way then, for the head, and place their wedding on, you're starting your school, and you're more fun, and you're starting to spend your life to hold us up. Come on and join to say, and you'll be proud to say, you're a family, and all our care. All right, it's 102 at 5.60 WQM, our big gigantic one and two are, and let's see what the ideal is now. And let's see you on Natalie Allen. Thanks for joining us today. Another Tuesday, another set of primaries in the race for the US president. I think it was going to be a day there. There was a scholarship. You got a big smile on our face. So this is not even a lead story on CNN. We got a primer reason, God damn, Washington State, North Dakota, which has got like six people and a redneck place like Virginia, does anybody care about those besides Bush and McCain? No, no. And Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson, does anybody else care? No, no, a bunch of our business in the glam. Nobody cares, of course. And so the best I can do is the fact that our chronic facts are in general facts to me, which is obviously all news that the girl died, but nevertheless, they still on them with their talking about as usual to me reporting a lot of stuff by shooting before they, uh, North Dakota speak, shooting from the hip. A six year old girl was shot and killed. If she really, you're positive about that, well, three different people. Five or seven year old classmates in elementary school this morning. This is in Mount Morris Township, Michigan, which is just north of Flint, kind of like almost over to the thumb. You've ever seen Michigan with a big sore thumb? A single shot was fired during a first grade class at Duel Elementary School. It was not immediately clear if the shooting was accidental or intentional. And here we are now a couple hours later, and does anybody still now? No, no. Because there are two business owners, bush. The class made a boy was in custody. King said, that's the who the hell is King? I was police chief. About 22 people's were inside the classroom when the shot was fired. Crystal Watson, eight was in her third grade class. Did she get nothing and happen until she heard sirens? We were told to stand our class in state and they told the newspaper. A couple of boys were crying, but everyone else was staying calm. About 500 kids attend Duel Elementary in this town, which is near Flint, and some 65 miles from the rest of Detroit. Wrenter didn't have the little boy came to the possession of the weapon. Genesee County prosecutor Arthur Bush said. Got Bush on TV. Bush on a thing here. They didn't even call on Columbus after which he had saw. Now we don't care about that. Lou, come on. Let's get with it. Two are at Central California. Jesus Christ. Worked for us didn't have a little boy came in position. The weapon said Bush, we've had other school children take guns, elementary schools before, but it never went to as far. It's a sign of our times when we have a fully armed society that doesn't take its responsibility to secure its weapons seriously. Isn't that exactly what I've been saying? A fully armed society, a bunch of irresponsible assholes. Everyone has got a gun. And now the kids can pick up the gun. Anybody in their brother can pick up the gun. Six year old kids. This is special. Remember that slogan? I OD someplace special for whatever used to be. Really got someplace special for gun. It's called USA, baby. God. And these people are sitting out there. Oh, Clinton's plane lighted safely. Oh, oh, oh, oh. By the way, speaking of that, you know, she really doesn't need mental help. That did churn channel for what fellow sir named would check keep. I have a keep blocking out of my mind. Angela, Angela Ray. And then the sad part of it is she could be pretty good. I mean, she's okay if they got that big tumor offer lip. She looks okay. She's lighting up not to scare anybody away. But she just ought to control. There are times when she starts going to that silly attack and routine. And just rambling aimlessly. And I think they're going to come in with a guy that butterfly in it. And there are white jacket for that bitch. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Happy anniversary. Thank you. That lady that just called the wall back. I find that very funny, which she said, she's going to pray for the police officers. Because they have to live with that. They have to live with that. They have to live with that. But the guys did. Yeah, well, he won't have to live with it. Yeah, I guess not. The people really make me laugh. I say it. Don't you understand when you're blinded by your involvement like that or son of a New York cop when you're blinded by your involvement in lack of activity. You have to create some kind of rationale. You have to rationalize away why you feel a certain way. So she's done it by saying they're going to have to live with us the rest of their lives. That's their punishment. And that's not a lot of luck. Lucky. Lucky. Like in the Godfather when Michael told Carlo he said, no, Carl, or you think I'm going to make my grandson an orphan. He says, no, you're out of the family business. That's your punishment. Did anybody believe him? Oh, because as soon as Carl or what in the car, here was Clemente was in the back seat. And there was Lee Garrett around his neck and all of a sudden he was dead. You know what I'm saying? I'm thinking for a ride. Right. One other thing, can I get a shameless request? I'm pretty sure everybody is leaving and you played something last week. The Bill Clinton doing the at the one impression he much. That was just too hilarious. You've got it. Thank you. And have a great day. You too, Neil. 560, 560, Tom 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Rolling along, singing a song, shooting our gun because the Seamer can guide them away. And if anybody in the surrounding sticks, you're ever going to change that you're Westland Dixie. Oh, sorry George. Sorry George, W. Should be talking about Dixie again. You can talk about it just don't sing it. Unless you're in Virginia, or unless you're in South Carolina, they like it a lot. Because on you kids out there like Don Sherry would say, and when's he going to get off of that crap? On you kids out there, let me tell you right now. The ones that are playing hooky, especially a Western high and listen to the show because they love it and the show too. And look at that, our computer just went out. What's that? What was that? Oops. Oh, nice going George. Quick, potting around with it in the computer too. What was I just saying? Something extremely important. I'll do kids out there. What? Oh yeah. Guns in America are just like Apple, pie, and Chevrolet. How could this happen to our young children in the elementary school? The Cutsuits in elementary school. kindergarten for fourth grade. The school's superintendent says there really wasn't any of the sort of constant security rights. And the secondary school certainly no metal detectors. There aren't a walkers in the school. The children hang their their coats up in a closet in the classroom. They're still are not releasing any details as yet as to the circumstances around the shooting. Well, in that case, we know nothing. Very gophercy in it. Okay. The still still a big mystery. It's still shrouded. Eight minutes after one and five, 60 WQM. And by the way, where was the Virgin Mary when all this was going on with you there? Did she stop it? No. Now, if what's his name that football player from St. Louis Rames, the guy that caught the touch down on a Super Bowl at Sparzer, if he would have been here, he would have just put up his hand and stopped the bowl and just like stupid man. That's right. He was like, geez, that hurts. The advice, brothers. Members of the 100 fifth Congress, distinguished guests, my fellow Americans. I have a incomprehensibly large tool. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Wow. Hey, how you doing, honey? I'm just a little squint in the presence of the Atlantic. Thank you. This is my day to the women address. I've known a few girls who saw men were pretty hot, but Bill is here to tell you about girls. You're not. But you still wear makeup and rip away pants. But when I looked at them, they were under my triads. Wow. We'll play careful back. Wow. Thank you so much. So, Paul Jones, you got a new nose. That don't impress me much. I'm not far. Well, you got a greater than that of you got the touch. Now, now, get me round. Well, I'll put a cure on my head. But now, I'll keep me warm in the middle of the night. That doesn't impress me much. And I'm a little too much, you know what? I'd like you remember the book. She had a tight break harder, but she kept on her phone. And after she, I say, she would marry the mom. She got herself the life of a window, tell me talk. But she still has ugly eyes up. I can't talk. Well, that's like she's a dead man chair. Wow. She's like she's a dead man. So, Linda Tripp got some surgery. That don't impress me much. Well, you got the right. But if you got the touch, now that I'm getting round. Yeah, I'll play here all the time. But now I'll keep me warm in the middle of the night. That doesn't impress me much. Oh, I'm really bloody, no, I'm not this next one. A big, chunky girl with a purple-bride. That damn gap dressed nearly as they lie. Well, I won't say great meetings in my corner, no. I could have told, well, Chamberlain, how does it go? Wow, she's like a big man chair. Wow, she's like she's a dead man. So Monica, you lost 40 pounds. That no, that cashed me much. Well, you got the right. Now that you got the courage, now that I got the wrong. Well, I'll find your alright. But that won't give me one better meal of the night. All right, another cashed me much. And you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you. I'll save the best for life. Well, I've tried to cut the brakes on her car. No offense, but I think I'd rather sleep with Kevin Star. Once she gets worth of like her offspring should hatch. Big ol' legs, and an ass of my chum. Well, I can't make sure, I'm just like she's a dead man. So Hillary, you're going to be a senator from the org. Not no, that press. Well, you got the brakes, now that you got the touch. I'm not going to get you all right. My dear, all right. We'll never keep that one ever better. I'm alive. I love him, press me. Like you, that is my savings, the win, but address. I love you. All right, what's 17 at 5.60WQF? So the information we had earlier about Kathy Lee was correct. Let me say it again. I'm the darkest day, there's always a little silver line. There's just no word of squeeze it. Kathy Lee is retiring. I can't stand that. I'm at the awful show from a readjust whatever. Kathy Lee, give her a call. It quits after 11 years as readjust. Still been sidekick on television's live with readjust. And Kathy Lee, she said on the year this morning, she will not be coming back for the 12 year of the second. It's indicated talk show. And everybody in America from coast to coast said, Oh, yeah. It's time, she said. It's time. She's got to go down there and supervise those underpaid gooks. Or whatever where she said. That are someone else that crept stuff. He's peddling. Bye bye, Kathy Lee, and don't let the door hit you in the ass on the way out. I don't pitch 5.670560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Let me say it again. All these talentless people on TV in the daytime. You want to know why? Because the woman of America, most of them the taste is in there. That's right. You just ask him. You got your Oprah. I mean zero. The Olin Oprah stands for zero. You got that fat disgusting rosio dongle. Is she funny? She entertaining? Oh, is she interesting? No. No. Who else you got there in the daytime? Jerry Springer. Professional wrestling for women. That's what that is. For stupid gullible women. Of course, just like the ones who watch professional wrestling. Don't ever tell them that that's contrived enough for real. Because they'll act you. And it won't be a question. Ricky Lake. Ricky another one. Well, hold on. The whole series of all those that want to be shows, you know. Tragia. I don't forget. Cumatifa. Just prosthetic and Christina. And all those other shows where they're hitting each other with a head with a fried pan. Five, just like Mike Lang would say, how much fried chicken can you weed? Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and Vinny disc brings. Hello. Yes? Okay. Great. Good one. Here's a lady in Pebra Pines. Hello. Hi. Miss Vincent. On the one of the Kathy Lake at third, Riven Sheaver Tyrom, because she can keep an eye on her husband. Uh-huh. Oh, they're breaking up. She's dumping his ass anyway. She's dumping her ass. Exactly. Well, I think there are maximated heaven if you ask me. All right. Rachel's up old fart with that bitch. I think it's a great match. I got that right. Also, new to date on TV. Yes? They need more men than women. Okay. I'll buy that. Thanks. Okay. Starting with Nick from 98 degrees. Get a little bit old for most of the rest of us. 26 Nick. You better get naked on TV real quick. He has a lot better from the chin down. Just like Jessica. See, that's why he's going with Jessica Simpson. That's one thing they haven't commented. What? Oh, don't give me that look like he wouldn't do. You all kid out of here. You wouldn't do her. That's me. Really? So it's still a door from behind in the dark. Yeah, from behind. Yeah. There we go. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the 18th. Well, I bet you'd rather do Jennifer Lopez from behind. Uh-huh. I mean, I like I think elephant in the circus that have smaller eyes. The Jennifer Lopez. The more I steer. I said from behind. She just just like Steve Nichol said about Aaron Summers. Yeah, the show sucks, but she's got a great act. Correct. That's what he said. Something like Hose Roth first. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi. She's Reak and Yes sir. One thing about these cops in New York, I always thought an officer's job was the serve and protect. Yeah. You mentioned this before, and it just started galling at me. If you have four officers or after a rape, a suspected serial rape is yes. Right. Okay. They followed this guy down the street. Why can't he front him in an alleyway? Why not confront him on the street? Are there areas that that is possibly safe? Are where they could be easy for him to apprehend somebody? Well, according to the court, if you follow the story, they were yelling at him to stop and to cut the crap and do it. And he just kept walking. And of course, you must understand that these were there were an unmarked car. They get out there playing clothes. There's nothing about them. And for somebody that just came to this country, maybe they've never even heard of a playing clothes. Okay. So he has no idea who they are. He's in a total state of panic. Yeah. I mean, 41 shots. I just, I just, I just, that's the calling. No, no, I feel what's the calling is the fact that we have so many people defending. That's what's the calling. You're absolutely correct. And then you've got this, this six year old. I mean, this is what goes hand and foot together. Yeah. That's right. That's right. The parents, the, are the ones that they should be taking out. What on the telephone pole? I just shot the deaf. I mean, I used to own gun. When I had my first hit, I got rid of my guns because kids and guns, curries don't mix. Here we're responsible people and guns. That's what we do now. That is correct. And you know something, that's, that's the end of the argument. Because there are so many irresponsible people in America. It is very clear. If this is the same with booze, prohibition didn't work. But you know something, if we had, if the majority of people in this country couldn't handle booze and we're going out killing people because they were drinking too much. We'd have to go back to prohibition because we'd have total chaos. And it's been shown very clearly that far too many people, a scary number of people in this country are too irresponsible to have guns. And we got people like John McCain who don't even want to have registration of guns. Don't even want to have registration. You got to have, you have, according to him, you got to write the habit. Do whatever you want with it. Yeah. I, I, I, I, I, I, the constitution when it was written back when we, you know, we were trying to conquer the United States. I don't want to go there. I should take this milk. Congratulations on 24 years. And I wish you another three years or plus. I hope you stay in the hospital. Another three minutes. Okay. Listen, say hi to the militia. All right, buddy. Okay. Wow. A second amendment says, and if we were just enforced, the law is never got now. And all the other NRA propaganda that we've heard 80 billion times while kids are getting shot. And adults whose lives the last time I took were supposed to be worth something. Uh-huh. Yeah. Supposedly. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18, T. T and T wireless line. Here's Naples. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Glad to hear you. I've been listening. Glad to be heard. I've been listening for 25 years since 1976. Yeah. I just want to say that you're there. I'm here. Okay. Naples. I mean, I'm Naples. Naples, yeah. Yeah. From Naples. Amsterdam. Yeah. And Naples go together. And, uh, Italy, uh, Rome, Italy, and Toronto. Yeah. They are three of the, uh, major, pedophile, uh, yeah. These are the world. No, they're not. You say they're not. Yes, they are. No, they're not. Yeah, you look it up. It is. Well, how would you know? No, because I'm a cop and I know. Yeah. They are. That's the way you go there. Yeah, right. You are. I have pictures of you. Uh-huh. And Naples. You, you probably, you know what you're doing? Probably walk it down. Well, it's pretty pretty. But it's more beautiful. He's got pictures of me and Naples. Sir, you are such a debimited lunatic. And, you know what's said him off? Is this story about the cops? Set this guy off. You got pictures. And this is the third, but the same call, the same bullcrap. And you know who that was, Bruce Beesley. I'm embarrassed for your Bruce. I really am. The Beesley's. Now, with these calls. That's how desperate they are. Not going to work sweetheart. He's got pictures of me with 60-year-old boys walking on the street in Naples. Italy. Of course, I never been there, but don't confuse him with that. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. Call us when you get some help. Okay, pal. Call us back when you get some ass systems. And say hi to your family. Please, to why you're at it. Here's sunrise. Hello. Yeah, how you doing, Neil? Okay, sir. I have a proposal. If everybody one year to turn in their guns, that'll all gun. If one year to turn in their guns. Yeah, totally. If they want to go running, let them go and run a gun at a hunting range. Why do they have to go hunting? Well, some people need to hunt. Why? But not in the city. Why do they need to hunt for what? Well, that would take care of the in our rest. But you never think we're hunting for in the Bronx was wild game? I think all hang on should be outlawed. All gun theory should be out. Private citizens, unless they're in some kind of a special occupation, they can get a license where they obviously need to have a gun. Like a security guard, maybe you're something like that. And there are many on-arm security guards as you know. But I mean, if they have some, if they're a standing waiting circumstances, I can understand that. And a license that heavily regulated. But the idea that the average Joe on the street is responsible to have guns is ludicrous and unacceptable. It's never going to change because like I said, they could, they got the, the government livestock in Burrell, they got them by the balls. Yeah, look at Japan or England. I mean, look at the murder rate by guns. Yeah. Anywhere any civilized country. Yeah. All right. Thanks. I have a great thing. 261 at 5.60 QAM. This is 5.60 QAM. We need morning to six. I listen to morning and evening. First thing in the morning, if you're going to get a score, whatever. Or you'll buy six. You're going to get, just, just, just, just, just tell me what you're problem. And now on the campaign trail with George W. Bush today, America's candidate addresses the unionized workers at South Carolina's turbine town factory. Right today here in Nevada. South Carolina, Nevada. I want to be your president because I can relate to the ignorant blue collar worker. Don't say that. Do you think you're at work here all over the world? Hey, Bush. What do you know about work? I've never had work today in my entire life. And smooth, filthy, palm-o'l, you're soaking in it. Let's go to the next question. Yo, my, uh, yes, sir. Yeah, well, you're going to get us now water. Good question in person, sub-stimateive. Marijuana legalization. No. Absolutely not. Cocaine. Yes. He's in pain. Erwin, probably. I bet you it's in fetemines. With addedap. With addedap. Now you. What are you going to do to the black man? Thanks for asking. First thing I'd like to do, see me one up close. Not too close. No touching. Perhaps maybe get a watch once. Can I get a watch once? I'm sure somebody's going to do it. Thank you very much. We got to go. I got to go. Oh, you're safe for you. With George W. Bush. All right. 132 at 5.50. You're cute. Yeah. He's the best. Is he the best? Uh-huh. Yeah. 5.605.50. 5.60. 5.60. On the AT&T line, here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Oh, Neil. Yes, sir. Go over to all guys. Yeah. How you done? Okay. Hey, listen. There's two of the Gulf. We've made the Gulf conscious coming. Yeah. Are they going to be at National or Downs North America? They're at the American, the Arab, Mickey Mouse Arena in Miami. They wouldn't bring the least of Broward, just not enough Julios, I guess. You going? No. No. Okay. Take care. Okay, sure. Have a good time. You've released a big kiss for me. Okay. 5.605.605. See, it was just like the assholes that all grizzled little farther called. Well, you see, Carlos Santetta, he or kissed a Rob Thomas right at the lips. And what does that mean? Doesn't he have a wife, Carlos Santana, and a family? Uh-huh. Let proves it to me. Doesn't that prove it to me? But what difference is it made? Kiss him on lips. Just like Donnie Osman and who the whole way? Larry King. Kiss on lips. Just do that. Right. And Donnie told me he said, you never smelled Broward like that in your life. Here's a moment. Here's a moment. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. This is your film from Piazza, Larry Bulbaga. Yeah. You? Yeah. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, Neil. You know, I feel very offended by this stupid idiot from Naples. Yeah. You can tell him. He's a crazy person. He calls us about once every six months when they let him out with the same story with a pedophile. And he's got pictures. Forget about him, sir. Well, I'll see you at the Othedaler Republic. Okay. Oh, my God. I'll see you at the G.E. or rest of the Runday. Where's that rest of Runday's? 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and public pine. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Okay. I agree with you on the third thing. You're saying not to be a kid, sir. Anything. On guns, man. The cat is out of the bag. I got a kid with you. Did it 300 million guns? Of course it's out of the barn. The cat is out of the bag. I don't know how you're going to rain it in there. You're not too far. Just get around a lot of here while you're still alive. That's my best advice. No, it's thing. I got it with a passport. Use it. He doesn't pay for you. I got a native four year old and got rid of my gun about three years ago. How do you like this? People send their little kids. Little kids. I mean, forget about what is, but the idea is six year old kids off the school and this girl's going to come home in a body bag. That's mine box. You're going to come home in a box. Absolutely my listen. Put a good alarm system in and get a baseball bat. You'll be fine. You know, you don't need a gun. One quick. Are you still there? Yeah, I'm here. I'm here. I'm on these cops. Last time I was a cop for 20 years. He retired two years early because of the amount of jug heads that become cops. Yeah. I got in a badge and they want to play Barney Badass. Right. Just look at the cops you see when you see that it's all jug heads. Everyone with their little flat cop hair cut and green kick ass kind of added. Redneck. Absolutely. I'd say 80% of the cops in the South are Yahoo's. And land clothing. Bad disgusting. Porky, you know, Yahoo's. It's funny how I'm a fiscal kind of Republican poor and play a social down a crap. But it's funny how when Bush is questioned about his youth. He's a big fall youthful in discussions. Yeah. I was telling you, would you fool in this? I just like, don't you remember Henry Heidi and youthful in this question. When it's my end, when it was in his 40s, when he broke up the guys family that lives out there in a West, it is 40s youthful in discretion. I want to have a youthful in this question and do a line of coke. My ass is sitting in the prison for 10 to 15 years. That's right. That's great. Bush, you're up a fool. You make me sick. I'm not even proud to be Republican. I don't know what I am anymore. I'm going to Amsterdam. See you. I'm not going to be a Republican. Okay. Watch out for all the pedophiles over there, by the way. All those little kids and the less being adults over there. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. It's amazing to me. You think we got a bad hero on East Coast? I think maybe it's good that we're on in four miars because we don't get a lot of calls at too many for over there. But I'm going to tell you. Do you talk about per percentage of the population on the West Coast of this state? I mean, we got a few nice people listen like over at four miars, one or two imports, wherever, but the scummy, scummy, creepy, old, smelly, toad jam, ridden scumbags on the West Coast of this. It's just overrun with a movie. Are you going to say it? No, no, no. Yeah. Speaking of that, here's a call from four miars. I bet it's one of our good people. Hello. He certainly hopes that he can be a good guy. It sounds like somebody on the edge of 100. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Is that in a right direction? Hey, you know what? I just wanted to make a quick comment. First of all, did we hear about the girl I haven't been able to be listened. Did we hear about the girl I haven't been able to be listened to? Well, you know, during city entry call saying she was dead, but I haven't heard that on the My TV from CNN. Well, anyway, just an absolute avid outdoorsen here, love the fish. Used to love the hunt a lot. Yeah. Had a lot of gun, had a child decided to get rid of the guns, right? Because of just such a thing like this. You know, I know what the Constitution says. I've read it inside. Now I've been up down the damn thing. Here's the point. Freedom. Freedom comes responsibility. Right. Guess what? We don't have responsible people in this country anymore. Now, all you guns, please is out there. Calm down because guess what? You're not responsible if your children can get a hold of your gun. Absolutely correct. So on that note, ending closing, I'd like to say, go Panthers. Thank you Neil Greg. Okay. 22 till 2, 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. We got the ankle over show from the rail. You got the ankle over show from the rail. You got the ankle over show from the rail. I'm going to say, go out there and breathe the fresh air. You have 20 or 30 beers. Think of your buddies with your chums, your pants, your bunk butt buddies. But is it a sport gun? No, of course not. Of course not. Like part cheesy. You know it's a game. It's a game. It's a past time. It's a pursuit. So out there in a goddamn golf cart. And then of course on the two of them. What was the one guy's name? What a golf cart. The grip. What was the name? Yeah. Yeah. Bunch of blue noses. What if anybody hands going to be out there at the blue monster? Maybe that's why they call it the blue monster. Because they're a bunch of blue noses. You think that might be it? Huh? What a golf cart. It's just a clock. We got blue shambi. And then seven o'clock. We got her a cool basketball. It's the Huracoon's and the Panthers. But in this case, it's the mommy Huracoon's and the pit Panthers. And then capital and after the game, decided to the overs and unders. 21-42 at 5-60W QA. How young is two young? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Tell me if that's you love my eye. But I know that you keep on liking my eye. I'm glad you come to me again. I can't help my breath of poking my throat. I'm not so pretty. If I'm on too late, I'm not the things in my head. And if I'm stuck, I'm stuck. But if you wanna take me, you'll know. The thing is about me, anything can't go. All right. I'm on too late. But if I'm seen. I'm sure that you're there. But you could go to jail. But if you want me, you'll know. You'll know the friends are me. She was 25 but she's just a team. I've been my life, I'm free. I've been my best friend. I've been my son. I've been my son. All right. 145-56. Let's go to spend today's full collection. Eric, can you pull that off of their candy? Right away. Eric, we got a new poll question. Who's got the better answer? Brittany Spears or Jennifer Lopez? Because the other one is one side of the new one. I knew it would be in this perverted crowd of art. Our question was should full new to DB a lot on television. 77 said yes, and only 20 said no, 20 uptight prudes. Probably old bags. Probably old funny buddies. Like the guy in Naples who's trying to find it. Almost 80% said, and only 20% said no. So let's get a new question on there. It's going to be a good poll question. We'll get a lot of responsive next to the 24 hours or 20 hours. Whatever between 10 o'clock tomorrow on our neorodges.com website. Let's get that on there right away. Eric, who's got the better answer? Jennifer Lopez is a Brittany Spears. And we're not talking about face, okay? Because obviously Jennifer Lopez, like, you know, it's, Ehh! What? Now are you talking quality or quantity? Or it's worried that that's a subjective thing. And all depends on what you like. Depends on what your thing is. You want to say what you're, what you're, what you're, what you're, what you're, what is it? Miguel votes for Jennifer. Miguel voted for Jennifer. Okay, and I'll vote for him. I'll vote for Brittany. And you're voting for Brittany. So we're spreading it around. How do you like that? We were there at the seminal Indian casino thing. And Hollywood on Saturday and Miguel kept spinning it and spinning it. And there you old guys, we'll come out. Well, well. I have never in my life. I'm repeating myself a way to help not to kill some good time. Never seen anything like it. We all hope for good help till we're 110 years old. But I'm going to tell you. That was it was like the infirmary at Mount Sinai. It was just amazing. 560, 560, 560. Oh, the AT&T wireless line. As we come to the final moment. So the final show of my 24th year on a year in Miami. Can you feel the excitement? No. You could almost cut it with a goddamn butter knife with your toenail. Can you feel it? Can you smell it? No. Man. 24 years. I'm wrapping up today. It's just shocking. It's astonishing. It is really unbelievable. That too. In fact, I'd rather play the other one. The original one where he goes on. The illegal one. Yeah, that's even better. Who is that by the way? That's what's his name. The one that says, unbelievable. Lee Fowler. No, not Lee Fowler. That's supposedly Lee Fowler. It's what's his name. But the glass is I forgot his name already. We haven't seen him in so long. Oh, come on. Artem's guy. I love him. Yeah, right. Yes. You know something even when he shows up, which is very rare. When he cried, I don't recognize him. But I seem like one to be five years. And it's embarrassing because he walks in. Like I'm supposed to know who he is. Great guy. Funny guy. Unbelievable. But I don't know him. Here's a mobile and cocoa beach, Ella. Hello, Dr. Yes. Neil, oh, man. 11 years. I've listened to you. Neil, 11 years. Thank you very much. Happy anniversary. Thank you so much. Thank you for helping me. What a great moment in my life. You know, back all the media are here. Oh, there'll be on a front page of the news. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Right. I've heard that's all. Listen, from the bottom of my heart, again, happy anniversary. God knows you helped me keep my family for 11 years living in the banana Republic of Miami. Listen, I want to ask you a quick question. You were getting psychotic about call, OSTAD, and then getting all of them. He's helping understand this. This simple question. How is it possible this guy never saying one word? And I mean, absolutely not one word on that song. And he got all those families. You know, at least Michael Jackson when he got those babies. You know, he had a couple of decent hits. So helping understand how is the possible man who doesn't say one syllable on a song? Get eight questions. That's going to be our pull question tomorrow. I mean, the next day, whenever you get where the other one. That's certainly. Yeah, I don't think. I don't think. Our pull question, who's the better, who made the better music? Carlos Santana or Michael Jackson. That's right. Listen, personally, I realize that's a horrible source. But we have a lot of people. What? None of the, no, none of the above. It's just a, or being, if you don't want to hear the one of them, Bugga. I mean, I mean, I mean, I think anything else you think of can play guitars on a call and say, I said, I said, I'm a personal opinion. Listen, I just came back from New York, driving up and down. I just told my Jacksonville and the warm you remind the dolphins that they just scored again. Okay, see, he was doing so well. 560, 50560 on the AT&T line. Here's Kendall. Hello. Deal. Yes, sir. Hey, how are you doing? Okay. There's just one of the idea, but exactly what cops get away with. A booze of the, somebody. Some, that guy that called you before, was it about, uh, the from Naples. Is it, uh, I remember what I was looking for, unfortunately, was that, uh, they caught a cop out way in the bullies in the swamp with, what, like, a 15, 14 year old girl. But if any of those kids caught like that, we're going to jail. We're going to jail. We're going to have a couple of time pouring down a candle that keeps screaming about and nobody is interested in that story. We can't get any more information about, we had, they were pouring out 16 year old girls and the police force with a number one customers from all over the day county. Every single force they said was represented. Everyone, I was in an ad school that I went to Palmetto, is that they caught a night-christ cop out there with a girl from Palmetto. Three school hours was that I wonder if he got fired. I mean, he probably did, but was there, would any of us get fired? No, I could be fired. He became a priest. Was it, you know, and another thing, as far as the second amendment, I want my gun, I just in case somebody's cops trying to get a little back door action on me and speaking of back door action, I know that I'd rather have to be very nice fears and tearful open. All right, okay, but, very good. Very good. He likes Jennifer, I brought me a spirit of that. I like her better than Jennifer. See, because one thing about Jennifer, you can't separate it from the rest of her. Now, George has already got to build and prejudice because she's a weakened, but I would remind you that Britney Spears is from Louisiana. Louisiana. All right, I like red neck girls. Rage. Come on, Britney. Puckered. What would you want to do? Oh, I said, Puck her up. What you said? I thought you said something else like what you want to do. Puck her up in the give her big smuts, right on the old police office. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, Enterprise or starfish. 9 minutes before 2 and 5, 6, 6, 6, 9. This is 5, 6, 6, 6, 6. Oh, God, Neil. There are a lot of people who are not in the house. I don't know if you remember me, but I was the guy who's house you said on fire last noon. God, I miss you. Even though you broke my car, caught all my hair off, I miss you girl. But one quick question. Do you think you could let me know when you might last me out of this mince? Though it's been a week, but I'm not complaining. Don't listen to Stanley because I love you with all my heart. But if you happen to see my brother, we let him know I'm not dead yet. Here a land is. I want to tell you that. So guy, you saw with your best friend that wasn't me. He might have looked in talk just like me, but that surely purely coincidental. I was so wearin' near that place. I love you too much. Can't look at anyone else. There are ladies. I had a dentist appointment that day. I was so wearin' near the shared metal leaves. Hotel. I would never cheat on somebody who treats me so good with all those rarely casual baths, body. And come on, let me on the pin. It's one fifty seven and five sixty-one. Look what I've just found. I'm clean off my account here with a bunch of crap I've had laying around. And here's the fact that we got last Friday. It says that we'll be at the casino this week in the menu. Thanks Paul from Cameroon. Did Paul from Cameroon show up? No, he did not. How do you like that? He had a lot of company, but nevertheless did he show up? No, thank God. In this in which he was too young to be in there that day anyway. So here in the inside and at the people page two way in the Suncental this morning here is Anakona Hoya and Pavel Brewery. And he's holding a big rose up to his post or something like that, whatever it is, a panty. The short whirlwind romance between Florida Panthers Superstar Pavel Brewery and tennis player Anakona Hoya is boiling over with rumors that the two were engaged over the weekend. Engaged in what? Oh, for now no one except Brewery 28 in Kornakovic, he knows for sure whether they're about to tie the knot. And he said maybe yeah, but I'll beat, but I don't know if it's something like that. Panna Mai Chiparouski and the dance the way. Sped off on a breakaway down the ice. So maybe we'll do a full question on that later in a week too, like which one is a pretty Pavel Orana? He's pretty good actually when you take a look at that picture. He looks okay right there. You can have her and I'll work on him. All of them one on here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. What am I given the numbers up? We got two minutes to go. The last two minutes, this is my worst-of-guid-damn drummer will come on. Where the hell is that stupid drummer who got into thing here? Here's my enemy, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Finally, Gatcher. You said some things today, sir. I've got a list of things to talk about. How are you got about a minute to do? I know, real quick. So there's a list. You know, the guy that called you about the pyramid, and by an extra half price, how about a week ago? No? Okay. No. Forget that. I'm from Hamtree. Oh yeah, I remember that. Yeah, I don't know what he was talking about. Well, that's at the internet. About Rick's all? Yeah, it's the internet thing. It's the M-way process, et cetera. You know, but anyway, let's see that. You know, the point today, you said, never will we light each other. Relaxing light. Right. I'm talking generally, you speak in highland, I know. No, no, no, no. I'm not a hundred percent. Right. In general. 90 percent. You're right. Greatest thing, I've ever heard. Did I feel that way? My question to you is. You feel awkward.