A.M. My amy for Lardell presents the Neal Runger Shot-A. I've talked to Neal, called 567-056-D. Old freedom or even rower, and form now 560 on yourself, all the opinions of Neal is guest-polar, or anyone else on the shows and not necessarily reflect those of WQAM easily read acquisitions, or the easily rug mask room. Now, Neal watches on Sports Radio 560 QA-Count. Good bye, Brian Murray. You killed the TV, then. You would have known, how he escaped you, who are they as far as how you are as stupid? Uh, second. Is all he must be, Nudge. Yes. You keep you all there. You couldn't manage your checkbook, never mind the TV. That at one time had all the rights loved. And it don't be too late for a St. Stella's break when you're the large-day train, a drag-on-gla Newly. So protect with smoke, your hearty queen. Oh, you thought that you would do that not, then stop this play, and point the face out, and you fall, those are one men to nante. Good bye, Brian Murray. You can't have this time. You so so, sh** about running all my key keys and you're not interested in me reading why. But from that, how you try. You can't deny that. You say the person's joke, because you say, don't know, because, and that's a bad joke you really know. And if you don't see two legs for a St. Stella's break, then you're the one they train. Oh, and when you leave, don't forget to hold your heartbeat. And just ask you, who's gonna set up St. Stella's break, and then you'll have to play something that's pretty more. There's no one else to play. If you've told me to get idea to hang out of these old, old, and the golden whatever they are. Well, I'm telling, I can really speak. I got this heck cold, but I better be here today. Hey, whoo, and stuff going on, right? Like, get rid of the occultion as brother, or the GM and his brother. No matter which way I look at it, bye-bye boys, the nice knowing it. You know, I'm kind of torn after last night, I'm torn between ripping out a lot of this town again, which is he because I do that every day. It's not gonna change. Is it gonna get any better? Oh, no, it is what it is. Like, don Coralio and said, to my two events, you are what you are. That keeps coming back in my mind over and over again. That one scene? You are what you are. And got five of the three, don't remember that? Well, but you know, we were from New York. But this town isn't gonna get any better, it's not a sports town. In fact, you know, the tip off on this hurt place. I hear these idiots, and I do mean idiots. Lifeless assholes call up all these sports shows. Oh, the BCS, the Pearl Perlio, Corkayans, we got Rob Wee, Wee, we got Rob. As if anybody gives a crap about that. They don't care about the CBS Pearl, I care about the BCS Pearl. But some stupid, stupid, idiotic college football pool. That means absolutely nothing. And I must tell you one of these guys, why, you know, if we do a base and we do that, how many of these people do you think really went to you event? Did you get to you event? No. Did I go to you event? No. Did Hank go to you event? No. Did your rose go to you event? No. Did you get to you event? No. Before the giga, did that capital go to you event? No. Do you know anybody who went to you event? Besides silly, totally cigaretteo. Anybody? The beast? Wow. The whole is one exception. Who? Jason, I'll tell you later. Please. I'm not talking about sports nerd. I'm talking about real people. Oh, definitely. I mean the beast is a real person. But he's an exception. He can't help it. Just take a look at him. He can't help it. He means well. But seriously, how many people do you know who really went to? There's nothing there. There was no such school. In fact, I was worth it. These guys call Hank yesterday about the, the poor and belly aching about well. If we can do this, we can do that. And I thought to myself, I wonder if there actually are any classes conducted there anymore. You think they actually have classes if you want them anymore? Because there was no campus anymore. And nobody, if they do claim that they go to school, or nobody lives on campus. Do they? No. But they will get back to that. We'll do a program after that. The BCS pool. But I'm going to tell you last night, if we had 9,000 people in the macarina. That was a lot. I'm trying to be kind. In fact, I even check with Yelby. The ultimate shield I checked with in this morning. I said, what would you say about 9,000? And he said, yeah, I think you got it about the 9,000. What he said. And that was up to peak. That was at the height of fandomness in the game last night. After the second period, and which point I guess it was 2,000, then the second I believe was a 3. Well, whatever was. Because I stayed till the third island. In fact, everybody's given me 5,000, and low 5 today here. You stayed till the third group. Wow. Congratulations to you. I almost wish I would have stayed for the last couple minutes. I don't understand the fans' route. It's shooting fire Terry Murray. Fire Terry. There are screaming in the island. Which I wouldn't have done that too. Then I would have had an excuse for my bad trouble with my COVID-19. I would have said, oh, I scream myself, horse. At that game last night. So I'm good thing I didn't lose any voice at the game. Never made a peep. I'd cheered for all the pants and girls. Oh, that's right. The warning. So like I said, I made no noise. I made about as much noise as they did. None. That franchise is in big trouble. Big trouble. And he'd have their opening game last night. And they Mickey Mouse Arena. Did they sell it out? No. No. A lot of Hubbob and Fan Fur about that. But they didn't buy all admission. Even those who were telling me this morning, what a big crowd they had. It didn't sell it out. And I've been telling you that for years, this is not a sports town. It's never going to be a sports town. Boys and girls. And when there's a winner, when it's re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re-re. When somebody gets hot or has a big game coming up, that might maybe make people feel better about themselves, like Miami FSU for example. Or this would Miami for the unit's tech. Then all of a sudden, Oh, are we, if we could just win. And the same boso is talking to Hank yesterday. It's happened about how. Don't get nervous because I read, would be inside the world that if Miami wins this weekend, there will be number one number two and they might even jump over Oklahoma being number one. And of course, Hank got right to say what you're doing about it, right for you so. How could that be Oklahoma as it was? Is Miami lost? I've got my check. It lost the game. But we want to be number one. Don't you understand, we want to feel good about ourselves. I'll give you those people that are last night don't feel too good about ourselves, including me. That was pathetic. That was pathetic. Lack of talent, lack of effort. I know a couple of injuries there, but you know, all teams have to overcome injuries. Even the flyers who are decimated would injury and dissension and air in limbo are even eight high jersey last night, one one. Coming from behind would lay cool, even they tied the devils. That plane so good. This team is in a coma. So if I could check in any exit, how can you blame the public when there's only 9,000 people that are last night? And then you know something, it's sort of going to get worse. It's only going to get worse. You go there and you feel, even before the game starts, you feel the ejected. You look around and you think, is there like a real game going on here to realize this is a squimage? And all the atmosphere of a, I love Shini hockey, Tom hockey. That's with two ends. They sent the Jeff owner show. We don't put those four of the words in there. Two ends, not two teeth. Although that would be my appropriate, I would say. Shini hockey with two teeth. That's what we saw last night from your printers. Lack of talent. The destroying certain players just take it away all their confidence, including one who didn't play last night, including the Victor Conrad. That's what these worry boys have done. You build up these great expectations and then the other games, one win. And it would be so bad if it was one of them and a lot of really tough losses. A squoreless tiger, Minnesota, the vial, a girls team, the Minnesota vial makes, they make electors look like a real team. They make a look like UN plays, real teams are look like. And the island is other, they're hot lately, they got a six game on beaten streak. Let's face it. With the exception of two or four guys out there, like a bunch of mornings, whoever heard most of those guys. Pretty sad effort. In fact, I was when I left there, I thought for sure I'd run into the refund window. Shini had been refunded by a snipe on the area. At least it's just to show that it's a good sport. Or then my good question Ron can you be for the game, I was like, that's not, that's not, that's not, that's not, that's not, that's not, that's not, that's not, that's not, that's that's not, that's not, that's not, that's not, that's not, that's not, that's not, that's fine to friend Ron. Find a friend. Go vote you pocket, book on Tuesday, which I know you will, and go find a friend. Or like they say on Regis, call a friend. 10 past 10 at 5.50, WQAM. No question of the story, maybe we could be said that we expect to win the commission at W2M, BC Park Park Group in court rate. I went to an audience, Carolichael. Look at four of all of them, I could be. Everyone's up and in doing the thing. We're all thinking they may say we're doing that thing. But that's f***. They're the five out of that f***. They can find it, go to over self-guide. We're back in at the jailhouse. Office of 47 was hanging in May 3. They were the few scuffer that I ever seen. This one in May was by a meeting with a twitch. He said, come over here. So what? To make you my bitch, to let f***. Everybody, let f***. They can find it in the self-guide. We're banging at the jailhouse. The boy and office do was standing on the lawn. In the ball, Jesus Park, he was hiding in the lawn. The boy and dead body, what you doing over there. Bang yourself within May, quit wackin' in that jail. Let f***. Everybody, let f***. They can find it in the self-guide. We're banging at the jailhouse. Alright, okay, 10-15 at 5-6, you'd wqam. So, where do we start with that episode? I don't want to spread a lot of time on it, because obviously there aren't no fans. But that was pretty depressing. Pretty awful, go-task. Kicking, boosin. And you know that barley, who's anxious to unload that thing anyway. You know that he's not gonna take too much more heat, so to speak. Before we find him, it makes a big change. Just the, look at the personalities, just isn't there. It just isn't there. You got two or three guys. And you got along with a girl, he's a good kid and tight-grade last night. Or we didn't seven-eight nothing, he could left a lot earlier. Oh, seriously, he could have been easily seven-a-raight enough, and he tight-grade. How long, how long is that? A lot of, of course, the one thing that this proves beyond the shadow of the doubt are the empty seats of their last night, and an unsolved opening night for the heat. Who's we need in no stadium? I must be crazy, I must be nuts. Yeah, let's build a new stadium on a restory corner, and it will be not a kindergarten or opposite it. Yeah, with taxpayer money. That sounds like a great idea to me. Here's a mobile and North Miami, hello. Hey, a new, I would find the unfortunate participants at the game last night. Do you get your refund? I'm going in, I almost feel I was going to watch a losing game. Yeah. And I, the best part of the game was the chanting for a pair to get fired. But as much as I want to blame, Terry, I get a blame. It's a big brother for not getting him to any defenseman. Or we need him all off season. Right. Nothing was done and proved to blue line. And the sooner we get him out of here, we get pat in, the better. And when I, I email the bill pouring, I posted an email address on the internet. And unfortunately he was coming up to email me back. So I put his email address on the internet. Oh, right. I imagine he's getting flooded right now. Good. But email is to get PM out. Good, excellent. Can get pat in and get him both out. What about the boss? So make a package deal. There are a bill outside the in, I mean, don't mind. He's gone. Don't mind. He got a fire. So I can't blame him. That's bad. Yeah. You know, he really didn't do anything. He'll help us on the blue line. We really needed the fenceman. Really needed Blake or somebody. Yeah. And we need to guys if they put the biscuit in the basket. You know, when you only got three and wouldn't you, nobody else can score. You got real problems. Okay. Talk good like to us. What do you say, Bill Murray? Yeah. My suggestion somebody asked me last night. Who you would like to see your place. My said, Pat Burns. Yeah. He's available now. In fact, if they pick up part, and I was going to say, Harry Cinder would be happy, but he just was ironed, boss. After firing Pat Burns, I bring in my team and they lose two out of the next four games. And now Harry Cinder Quits. Now, but you're having big parties all up and down there. All the brooms fans. But they'll find out it wasn't Harry Cinder. That was the cheap. Perkits the owner. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, how are you doing? Pretty good. All the brooms fans and I was happy to see Cinder finally. Yeah. I was a fan of that. I was a fan of the players. But you'll find out the matter who they're bringing in. It's the Post-Britz Strings or Tight. Right. You know, back to our current perspective. Yeah. I learned best today, we're not like number four on the coaches call number five in North Pole. Well, either number one on the FBI call. He treats the Federal Manager. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The election real quick. Yeah. I just had a question for you. Well, I'm going to decide it in. I'm not sure. And I'm not sure how you will be. You broke for the cherry. You think will most positively affect you. Or is there will be best for society in general? Both. Okay. Both. But never strictly pocketbook. People are both strictly on dollars and cents and how much money do they think they're going to. The first of all, the president doesn't pass laws. The president doesn't make laws. So, we're no matter which one tells you about his tax plan and this plan. Congress has to enact those laws. And they always get watered down. And then a lot of times they're going to get passing the first place. So it's all just campaignable, Clam. Right. I mean, that's position of presidents is just more simple. Anything. The one? If the position of the president is more symbolic, I mean, they don't really accept that. That's the same policy. The position of president is that there's not really much that he does that really changes much. The Congress, like you said. No. Okay. Go check the party again. Go check. Go come up on a bill. No commander. Let's run this. What is that? A hypothetical deal. It looks like a hypergernic deal isn't it? Wonderful. I will dream of promotion time. It is? Yes. It's a syringe. And it's also time. Well, how do you like that? I bet the serious people over the reason that. The time comes. I'm thinking of people using drugs. So Joe wrote this morning. Not to be out there by his performance yesterday. Robbing per pet, the Buddha. This morning, Joe was reading a large spot at about what time was it about nine fifteen something like that. And Joe was being, if you expected that college rock room and fix it again just like to still everybody has to do about the cops, gravity to this crotch, you know, boys will be boys. And Joe was rocked over and drops his yours, drops his shorts and flashes his spectrum. And moons yell they right in the purse while his hood is rocked spot. How do you like that? And I would not have to take a week about five minutes after I heard about this night. I saw Joe being the hallway and his nose was, I don't want to tell you the color is nose was, but yeah, I want to get to close. A doctor shade of bound. So you were right there today when you tell me about the head of nose up to ask me that cover got that job in the first place. See, look at how naive I am. I've been here all this time, but I keep mind those in this room. See, I don't go and wander around on the hall and get into a lot of trouble. We got enough trouble in here. But as the boys go on and find it more and more about the insistence relationships that exist here about all this so crap because I'm in these brochures. Well, we're about the BCHP, we got rocked. So that's my pull for today. And you may not think it's very significant, but it is. Because I think you may be surprised to resolve. Let's find out where our listening audience went to, or is going right now, to college. Well, give you a true categories. And while the question will be, where did you attend college or how do we work this? What college did you go through or are attending now, has that? No, that's not it. That's not what they want to answer. That's not another can. Which applies to you? When to you when, went to another college or never went to college at all? That's pretty simple, pretty straightforward. Which applies to you? When to you when, went to another college or never went to college through it? Right? Is that complicated? No, don't need to draw a diagram form. I could pour a last guy to try to climb up the barber per. Why give me a one-jick look on it? Is that difficult? No, that's, I mean, could you answer that question? I think you already did once you were another. Okay, did not go to you when? Went to another college. Yeah, but we, we, we, we, we, we. You haven't missed with us the joke too much. Too much little of our men. And like I told any four, a little, little, little, little, little, little, bad, but too much, really, we have to be real bad for you. Not, not, not, not, not, not good for you, Joe. Little bit not bad. And keep your ass out of the girl who's face. God, that's just, I mean, talk about, it's not for more than, that rocker room thing. Here's what I, what is your, about 152 now? I said your rose, 54? Uh-huh. And he's back in like a kid in a high school rocker room again. They never outgrow that if something that never lose him. We know, still comes over to house in Saturdays. They before the big foot program, showers with Joe will. We'll just, like, have a Saturday, kick the right there at kid's other house. Yeah. They had to do that thing. They, they, these things. Part of their mentality. Here's a mobile and highly. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. You can be there to get out of that. Not doing a sports camp. I've been kind of left here. And I just can't see that. What kind of town we live in. It seems like with a dead Joe almost. Maybe we had, what we cares about anything. There's no passion down here. I live in low people in there. Century's going. Only good generous. Now you're getting warm. Only very, right. You know, there's the $1 movie that all about. I exist today. And it's just crazy. I mean, you got, I mean, the heat, the panther, the marlins, and even the dolphins. When they, they have to stimulate the food station. After by the kitchen, they can show up. That's correct. It's crazyness. I'm so proud to get out of the car. We live in maybe you can check the right on the situation. There's one more horse ball, horse ball town. All right. We have to keep you indoors. You're that bad. You're usually in small, maybe miles away with horse ball. That's what this town is. It's a horse ball place. And I'm making a lot of money here. That's why I'm not going away. I live right in Amsterdam. I work here. I want you to ask him if that. That's too hard. I can't say that. That's too. I live abroad. And I work here. Unfortunately, I still haven't quite got the balance yet the way I would record. But I'm working on it. I can get a little bit closer of here to hell out of the commute. Yeah. But I can handle it. Now I'm going to seriously, it is a horse ball town. And I'm getting example. Now the panthers, you'll easily make the play off last year. Right? That's what five years you. But they made the play off. And had a pretty good year last year. That's record ever. Had a great home record. And even when we were hot could we celebrate sound? Oh no. So it's not just the fact that the prices are too high. It's not just the fact that the team spins in this plane. Crappy only has one win. It's the fact that first of all, there's a hockey fan to you to begin with. Secondly, it's a loop throw on front running. Bam rag and jumping down. How about if we had the chance of the lightning here? Now I realize that they can't last much longer over there. I was with all the respect about the fans that I was close. That franchise can't exist much longer. They are now arguably the worst team in the league. Even worse than Columbus and the Minnesota file. And Atlanta and all these other numbers just came. So you gave that when you've restored the game. Have it I've been saying that too many teams, too much horsecraft, too much dilution. Like in all sports, you dilute the talent and you've got media equity rampant rampant. And people don't want to pay big bucks to go see media equity. But can you imagine if we had the lightning came here? That gives up like five, six, seven girls every game gets blown out. How are I going to use you to live with the lights in here? Do you hear four, maybe? That would have been it. Bye bye. See ya. Well, this place is in, in John Henry, you see the, you can cry and line. You got snicker, baby. You got sucked in by Wayne. You're the last in the latest in a long line of suckers. Got sucked in by Wayne. And expect that the town is going to bury you out now. And bloody were stating when you can't draw five to the lower pile there. Forget about it. Not going to happen. All those assholes all of a sudden. We just put it here if they would put it here. Yeah. I know where you can put it. Loosen side here like them. And that's where you can put it. And you're still ain't going to be nobody's show up. Even the auntie does want show up. So lost cars. They're just interested in different things here. We don't know what those things are yet. The research is still going on on that. I've spent almost 25 years research to find out what those things are. Besides early breads. What they care about. But we sure can't put our c'mon. Twenty seven after ten at five sixty W to buy. This is G Gordon Liddy and they don't come any worse than new Rogers. Way to go. I'm going downtown baby. Don't need to find a way to keep things up. And we can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. We can't put it here. It's nice. I think there's something weird going on around here. I had some people on this tanker stuff been around for forever. They treated like a sub-big epidemic or something. What they're really happy is that all those people that have free from the backyard, they don't have to reach in there and get some juice out of the or put them out and turn the little stamp to sell them to people on the street. They want to eliminate all that. Yeah. They're trying to get them out of the street. They're trying to get them out of the street. They're trying to eliminate all that. They're trying to eliminate all that. They're trying to eliminate all those kids. They have to go straight to them and then you know what's going to happen to their price and go up through a roof. You got it. So I was thinking about going in front of the commission but they told me that they're to base your there and may of penalties drawing up these to own out. Some kind of like, yeah, some kind of thing to raise all the commission of salary. That's plenty of not 30, but 100%. And at the same time, you want the review of the salary for the next four years. Yeah. I can't really kind of bring any fun of. Yeah. I'm telling the board on the salary. I'm just pretty good chat with the 같은 crew. Well, good luck to watch and don't pay no more pay off. Don't want to. Don't spend down. Have a great day. Yeah. 8 million dollars added to the East Cancels losses. Valid and date will receive the Matusian of 8 million dollars from the state to help homeowners to find new greenery in place of citrus trees lost to the controversial wall on tanker. Governor Bush and Agree Culture Commission Bob Copper said on Wednesday. This will be an addition to the $100 property Wal-Mart voucher program. All of it is a scan. Get the big scan. $100 million dollars is cost the taxpayers already. Based on a totally flawed theory that the citrus is a tanker is going to spread, which it doesn't and can't and won't. It's just I don't want to lose the stuff. It's a low test in Asia. Maybe Dr. Marvin is got some an update on his campaign to yank the gypsies to water. Get him in pitch past out on his ass. No, then. What I call Marvin, Marvin, whatever he Jewish. Just leave our shoes alone. Okay, will you leave all this to the worry about it? Marvin and Melbourne, all the same family. 560, pound 560 on the 18T and Verizon Wireless Line. I think they can receive it if side Bush is going to win. What? Well, now what do you give me a look like that? Okay, I think Goes will get a win. Is that you feel better now? It looks like Bush is going to win. He's in every pool. Not every state pool, thank God. But anyway, now I grant you it's close. Please end in every one of the polls. Now, the new CBS pool. And of course, we know that there are a bunch of communists. The new CBS pool, which I do love to be as news. And I think that they're right on target. Bush 404 or Gore 43, native for and Buchanan's got 2% I think a lot more of those right wingers that will be voted for Papi Cannon. Don't you? Oh, yeah. Why do you bush people? He's not extremely up for you guys. If you want to real hide your camera. The one where the real god, they're back all along with the SSS on it. You better vote for Pat. God damn it. Yeah, I think Bush is going to win. It's unfortunate. Somebody sent me a profile of my good friend Dick Curtin. WOMC in Detroit. Anybody remember Dick? Uh-huh. Used to call the show all the time. Had that vacation spot over there, that vacation home in San Abel. Used to call us all the time. Had them hurt her from Dick in the least two years. And I see why. And this extensive interview was a favorite radio format. Anything else commas and likes assigned from that. I listen to a lot of talk radio. Doesn't imagine my name. I don't know how many times when he called me. Both and I would be in over here. Years is the best talk radio in America. That's what you would say to me. What's coming from Dick? That was quite a compliment. It's from a good friend Dick Curtin. But he doesn't mention me here in this big interview. I guess you don't want to be embarrassed mentioned in my name. I understand. Now he did this like bonus error in the godfather. You know, he didn't want to be in my death. I understand. What have been dangerous? Here's a lady in Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. How are you? How are you? Good. I wrote you a letter concerning. You know, maybe you get it. I don't know. Well, he was on a program where. What's his name? So down a few. Yeah. So down a few. He said that he. He's right. You're going to start on here. Okay. I looked. They had another piece of women. Also together this morning. They were going to announce it this morning. And then they said, oh, wait a minute. We're having a little bit of a boy in that press conference. And next thing in all, another bombing, another crowd bombing and two more people killed into Jerusalem. I'm telling you, it's pointless. It's an exercise that is useless. There will never be middle East peace. That's an oxymoron. If there ever was an effective, he wants the definition of oxymoron. You look up the dictionary. It says, Middle East peace is an oxymoron. But it doesn't exist. It never will. You deal with a bunch of crazy people over there. So you're barking up the wrong way. Go talk to Jewel. We're going to talk to Jewish women about it. Okay, sweetheart. Don't bother me with your Middle East. I can't, I can't have no time for it. And what a crime that the whole world, the security of the whole world, has to be held hostage. Six billion people calling around in this planet have to be held hostage because there are three religious groups, fanatic nuts all obsessed about that super, little piece of desert there. Sick. Really sick. So not to make me want to go home and be in Georgia and hear what I talk about. I'm not going to do it. I'm not fat sick about it. 21 before 11 at 5, 60 WQA in. Thanks, stop. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. I'm not fat sick about it. They could be running a Chinese laundry and have the same amount of knowledge. They don't know nothing about this business. Blacklisted screenwriter Ringwider Jr. Dead. He's dead. You know what that was? Ringwider? They've ever heard of Ringwider Sr. Great baseball writer? Boxingwider? Anyway, Ringwider Jr. A junior of one of us here for the movie, Nash, was blacklisted in the McCurthierra. Along with the, got a picture. A Samuel Ornith. If I could anybody ever see Ringwider Jr. together with Robert Coulos. For a few of the blinds, we've got to pick up the hero. You must pick up a hero. I'm paid 4b at least in my and the borrowed edition. It's got a picture in it. This guy does look like a spitting image of Robert Coulos. Do you ever have a cute Louis? Why is Joe? No. No, here I know. Spitting image. He was a game show guy. Years in years ago. Before you were born. Nobody in turn. Not from any person like John Charles Bowie or anything like Jerry Moore. I have the Washington Game Show Networks. Well, then if you see the earlier black and white ones, sooner or later you become a cross-shrower MC by Robert Coulos. Grasses kind of a thin, uh, jewelry face. That was him. Samuel Ornith's Albert Malts, Albert Bessie, Lester Coulos, Robert Buehrman and Edward Dmitrick. Who later write it on his fellow, uh, comedy, think of whatever they were. During those O'Rim McCarthy days in the question, if you like to go back to the McCarthy days, those witch hunting, if you embrace what that right wing fanaticer people mentalityably. Christian right views good Bible-fumping assholes of a cletz. Then both of course next Tuesday by Al-Names. Go with it, because that's what it's all about. It's better the fact that you may be giving yourself a good song to dance about. Well, you know, you don't like the, uh, you know, like the tax structure the way it is now. And you don't like the inheritance tax. You should know the crap I was getting there last night at the game again. Got that, got that, got that. Seattle want to hear politics, okay Ron? But I'm mentioning it, because you're full of crap. I be care about his money, money, money, money, money, money. Since always the witch people. It's always the witch people who otherwise, if they want so fortunate to have our money, they'd be a hell of a lot more liberal. They'd be running with both hands to go for any democratic. But once they got to big bucks that I want to mention any relatives of mine and hell and there, but once they got to big bucks, all of a sudden, they're good or medium of public and forced in the time. Because it's all about one thing. Money, money, money, money. It's all about that freaking dollar bill. Well, I wish I had my CD here. I wish I had that the term that you've haven't bought, um, I thought 60 pounds. I'm bringing them in now. No, for somebody who blew made it bigger over here by a social 65, but then they have this next hit too much you haven't, never made it here. And that's because of cowardly program directors like, like, like, kid, could eat on the hall at power 96, playing that safe passifying those little hurliettes with that hoochie kuchi crap that they probably 90% of the time. But that garbage. And you know something, I never did get, not that I really care. Did you ever hear any more about that group that they manufacture that boy band and all that stuff and they were just reading and they recorded those stuff? And it sounded pretty good. I heard nothing. No, and I played it the one day, they brought him to this and they handled it. They had rubber gloves on. Not mostly came in here. Who was wearing rubber gloves like a proctologist. In fact, I think he was about to go see Kikurian service in Bechdo, who's some proctologist. Well, they were worried about some of the recording it. They were worried that it would be on Napster. And the fact is that all the while I played it because they asked me, drop some stuff in on it. So I was like, you know, like, oh, rock, drop them stuff in there. So nobody could get a clean copy of it to put on Napster. That's how paranoid they were. And then Kikurian does refuses to give me a my own copy of it. Just to hear myself in the car or to play here on a show, which I would have, oh, okay, not stuff on it. Oh, it's a fake. It's going to get on Napster. But what's ever been to the make-up against our Napster, not because nobody's here in any way. I never heard another word about it. I'm trying to be cooperative. I'm trying to be a team player. I'm trying to promote. No, seriously. I'm trying to promote something that they're put together over there. Because it sounded pretty good. They did a good job. It was just shows how better than in-screen. Maybe they think of it. It's a horrible group that those three Shmuchi-looking guys, what is that? There, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there, there. Ah, come on, you got me who they are now. No, yeah, oh, God. They're just grow test. And don't say 98 degrees, you're finished, Mr. Westlife. There's reading us now. The only ones I know is the one he's talking about. Westlife is not true Shmuchi guys. Westlife is where to go on Irish guys, they're not living in a play Westlife here. Who is it? I don't know. Oh, I thought there was somebody really in front of us. Huh? They held up, they hung up. Or it's probably put somebody from power 96. Well, from team 2, how do you like that? I'll tell you about the incontest. I guarantee I'll wait on that. I just do it if you want power 96, the middle of whatever crappy shm you're playing right down with. Come on, let's go. Let's hear it. I've got no choice to be in the chance to be in this case. Yeah, power 96, but you're good like a lot of people in this building. You just, uh, I don't know. Strange, really strange. So, decision now, not so the decision. No, nothing, that deep. Come on, there's three guys that we like Shmuchi looking at things about the like. Like that, that, that, that, that, that, that. I have that parody of the art of the betting up. That's a corny cornball, poor boy. Oh, thanks by Skinkrell. You mean nobody knows who the hell they are? That's good, that's a good sign. Here's Evan, sure. Hello. Hello, I'm real. Yes, sure. I'm more in my way, sure. Okay. I believe that you're the pepula work that's good. Yes, I'm. I was my lead. I was in Harvah. Hey, yes, the, um, one of the first ones that we actually have in the common. I think that is from the New York in 64. And I also live in Birkenberg and I live in Luxembourg, Sweden. Yes. And I look here. There was a common in there. There was a Luxembourg, a commerce Sweden. Ashroy. Right. I saw that at the, the, I worked here and I, I was looking for, I was looking for many, many months, but I was not looking for them when I was on foot and I thought, well, they're probably the only situation that could get, they were great. I couldn't get back to radio, I was listening to from. Yeah, that was our favor. We wish they would do that again, get some excitement from here. Yeah, yeah. But I, I want to be saying, you know, I'm a big babbling fan. Yeah. From the study session of the heat, so I, you know, anything like that, but it's really a season for the campus. It's a way that that's a division which is kind of weak and well, I'm going to be just to really tell what the big thing. There you are. There's a division which is pretty weak, whether it's good to clear off. Well, that doesn't make any difference. It's a guy who's a playoff. What's the difference is it makes when there's sticks as you are now? Yeah, that's a good thing. I mean, I mean, I guess it is a really, really, really. I wish I was thinking it was so the dolphins and by, they're generally quite, I mean, they're just taking the range and they're taking the brain and keep the tickets. I think it's never did that. And also, the, I wish I was thinking about the dolphins and then really competition and just be going to use the, okay, so go get some help, okay. I know that they just legalized pot in Switzerland and perhaps you ought to go back to the Luxembourg. It's fairly close. Where are those that thing? I'm not finding. BB Mac. No, no, no, no. BB Mac is actually a, well, I should have one of them. I think it looks pretty good. BB Mac. They can't sing for crap at least. So you're like I've said before, it will look better sing good. At least one of the two. And let's group the non-target about they don't do either one. Oh, come on. Somebody in the audience knows who it is. LFO. LFO. God bless you. It's LFO. Thank you. Now maybe I don't have to find that stupid thing. Good. But you know that awful son of the patient. Oh, God. You heard it. I can't think of what the lyrics are. I have the melody right, but I can't think of this. I don't even know what station I would turn on to hear that. But you turn on the show and you hear the parody of it. Which I can't find for Robert Maniors. It's really good that we have all those stuff in the DC. It's not that Shannon's gone. And of course even when Shannon was here, it didn't do us any good because George was busy Chasinera run on the floor. So we didn't get much a lot of stuff in there. Yeah, that's the young ones I love. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Yeah, that's a good song. The parody. Well, don't forget he also likes Christina Aguilar. Okay, not from music, but physically. He thinks he's hot. Yeah. See. The guy said she's not even worth this thing. You just gave her this one. Okay. He just gave her a little one. Just said he gave her a little one. Oh, you got to be kidding. You know like Christina Aguilar. She's like a mouse. She's mousey. She's like a mouse. She's like an anorexic mini mouse. She's terrible. And she can't sing for crap. I admit when I'm wrong, Brittany is really all and that's it. Here all comes back to Brittany. Like I said, if you can't sing good at least look good and she can't do it. You look good. Can't sing for crap and nobody cares. Nobody cares. She's just too much hot. Yeah. Good stuff. And see, and I read a great column about that thing. Cool. And the woman at work for column was absolutely right. She's not worried about Eminem. She's not worried about all the lyrics and he's rap song. She's worried about Brittany. Because Brittany is a horrendous role model to her 11 and 12 and 13 year old daughters. Because Brittany, who is like 17 before she was 18, I thought, we'll check. Or we're not so sure she's really 18. She's wondering about making now this good board again Christian bitch. Speaking of, we, and of course, are they real out of a mammal X? That's the question. And nobody really cares. But they'd like to get a few and find out. Yeah, when that screws it out, if it's not for real, the screw that stuff right out of her. Let her do whatever she wants. Yeah, Brittany just screws that stuff right out. I mean, 5, 6, 7, or 5, 60, pound 5, 60, on the AT&T, LFO, or a comma. Here's my gut shell. They can't sing and they're always like, well, the net they're dynamite, baby. They're dynamite and allure to their songs, they're best. Can't be to with her shit. You thought the tellers are good songs, they're an abacrompy in bitch. The parody is funny. The parody is funny, which I saw. I don't even know the regular ones. Well, after they were doing the break, maybe I'll find the parody. And like I said, if we get ever get an into and in here. Some of you don't like it abuse like Jeff Cohen does all of his help over there at the pizza shop. That was bad yesterday. I feel bad about the adventure for poor canner. No, good old-fashioned good and annoying one. Now I do it, it's terrible. See, it's like bringing a stripper into somebody on their birthday. But there's somebody who wants to look at me that I don't need a boy in a male stripper. On my birthday in first of all, he will, I mean gross. I, yeah, ah, God. Well, test and sweating and allure and ah. And when the birthday was holding in and you're sitting there like, you know, it's humiliating. It's degrading. Oh, here you know, I felt with me a friend when they had to be there. And said I was laughing. Oh, I'm holding here. You are really a piece of crap, you know. The stuff that he was telling him yesterday was him. So yeah, you know, I heard you say at least two times. Pover. See, people think it's our go-toing. Clean my mother. I got news for him. Our go-toing is a very normal Jewish spirit compared to Jeff Cohen. That's the poover. This is five, six years. You a out for three years. Five, six years. Now that you can weigh him by having a more waterdale of easily broadcast group station. And I will have a new QAM.com for the world. Jeff Bush. Five, five, six, six. Oh, oh. We're the guys who have dead Jeff Cohen. Oh, we're going to go some time. I'm a son on his bed. That we couldn't do a son. Oh, I'm doing some wrong. That's a son. I like to get for my son. I like to get for my sister's back. And it's all about me. It's just an icy face. And I'm going to make sister some air. I'm going to make sister some air. I'm going to make sister some air. I'm going to make sister some air. If we did it wrong, that is not there. We went down there for a very much time. But with a new file, he's a normally in lecture handling. Hi, people always sit up and handle pills. But in half day, let's make a thing. I was a person. I think you were I. That's what we've ever done. No truth. I'm the truth. I think this is not as long as you think it has babies. If it didn't stick to me, not the limit. Just the other thing I got a kid, the source. If you think this is where the kid can be. Our daughter, I think the first one that comes to my head. I'm a big fan of the right-hand friend. I think he knows all my granddad's opinions. People who try to work are familiar with the other way. And this is better known as court. I'm still in this song. Listen, son. You're a good man. You can go to the next one. You can go to the next one. You can be a good fan. It's a good fan. I don't think it's a good fan. I've heard this song so it's a good one. It's not dumb. I'm a little sad just say I would love the new days. You can see it wasn't the old fans. Just in a song that's much more than we. And I think that's one thing about our great song period. He's most of my better than the original song. And that's especially true in that case. He's suck. Ella. Ella. I don't know if I'm sick to WQM happy. What is it? Thursday? I have no idea what it is. I'm lost. You don't want to have a head curving like I have an out of body experience. First that game last night. Oh, God. What's every year? Game last night? I'm serious. You want to make a fortune. Open up your own little stand out there in the lobby. The one with the little flashlight in the pocket books. You know people can read you. A little of a mini mystery during the game. Here's for a lot of them. Hello. Yes sir. Me? This citrus tanker thing is worse than you could breathe. Yeah. They came to serve the best notice on me. And they came through my yard. There's a citrus tree 20 feet from mine. I said, what about that one? He says outside the 19. He's outside the 19. For 19. What ever it is? I didn't know it was that much precision that they have on this. Oh yeah. And of course they're telling us that it's airborne. But if it's beyond 19. It's feed. Suddenly there's like a block in the air. There's like a wall. It's invisible. You can't see it. But it's there. And nobody can tell me where this mysterious tree is. That is in the center of this. And I went down to see, oh, we got a map there. And my copy is just on very edge of it. But friend of ours who is maybe in the area they came in 715, it's all down or creased. Nice. And finally I got one more for you. Mornings.com. Stocking this element. What is it? It was you can get a morning show the internet. Yeah. 14 dollars. You know what this now? 185. 19 cents. Oh, nine cents. Oh, nine cents. Oh, nine cents. Oh, no. Oh, no. Okay. You missed out. I feel better. Thanks. I guess there'll be a bit of a tertiary about that. Oh, those are got to game last night. Rip and mid-turtion ass. He came to me between periods of fuck up. Oh, my god. He was carrying on like a maniac. He said, you keep playing your money with my church and about six weeks. It's got all your money. You got to be worth about eight bucks. That's what he said. He said, trick or extending it. We are even a real stock. That's like funny money. Monopoly money. That's crap. Is it that was a bullet? Yeah. That mature. She's really doing it for me. I am all over the place. I have no idea what's going on. Yeah. But if you were to talk about her bunch of money on a mutual funds or a money market, it didn't lose any money out of focus. I put it with the money market, with the same funds. But at least it's kind of a lumber there. Waiting for the big crash. And every ever since I did that, everything's going up. Every time I should zig, I zag, every time I should zag, I zag. Any time I need some advice from him, I get mungum like that. But he does it with nothing, a lot of bad mistakes. That's not a good. She actually nice. He made a lot of bad mistakes. That's why they call him broker. He's getting richer and I'm getting broker. That's the rumor is he's buying a million dollar house tax to the money is making for me. That's the rumor. 560560, palm 560, on the AAP and 2. And provides some oil supply. Here's sweet water. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Speaking of tanker, I want to see an independent film last week called Bro. Can't do the start. Bill Pack. Bill's wreck? Yeah. Wow. He plays a Julio for Miami. A Josecocaine. Is that a real loud? Yeah. A rape is better. Friends girlfriend. 20 likes that. That's right. You can see what I'm sure in the movie too. Oh god. No thanks. I recall. Okay. Finally. 560560, what a sweat hog he was. Remember those days when when you'd be watching that thing, I'll allow this for humor shake. And just this sweat torn off every part of his body. And he took about a glue stall. Let's build wreck. 560560, count 560, on the AT&T. And Verizon, I was wondering, coming out of a sick bed this morning. I don't really feel I don't feel like good. I didn't feel like bad for that. I eat those two big ones with cream cheese. I did. Then I had to call mom tell I'm not coming to this. Well, I'm sick. I have a clue. I don't want to be spread to the court around her house. I run a complex. A lot of old people like a complex don't need to be getting those curbs. You're mispliant around over there. It carries her. Can't forbid. That I'll get the blame for it. Here's Pompito Beach, though. Yeah, no. I'm front and out. And I think we need to get off our asses and get the quentin never with Dungeon. I think I'm a figure that's changed up by ignoring and getting him to back up court. Yeah. Yeah, because I'm not. What does that mean? Well, I don't know. What do you want to do? What's the more I think we shouldn't smell like that? What does that mean? How are we going to do it? Where do you sound like you're worse again than I would be? Where are we going to do that? Well, when we go to that catch it, they don't want him out. We need to get the girl people to have decided or at least grow himself. He did a thing in Los Angeles and we're doing it. And then they were right there. Children lose for half hour some more. And the churches were the colored. And that's it. When we can smell like, I don't know who, but with your audience with me. When we treat them, they're treating me like 60 million email to watch and can. Well, call up. Call up through it. They're the military and live in researches. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pompide, 60. I said, you know, some of you people are just, I'm very about you. A lot. I live here with two and I really worry. A lot of you just aren't going to make it through the day. I know that old Jerry's going to be on your way home. He can't help you make it through the night. But you just might not even make it through the day. Yeah, we got to get on the emails there. So email and all over the country to get there. And we get bubble out of the closet. That's it for the group of people. Okay, this is a calculated research taken. The ball is in his hand. It is up to now. The power has been pretty crude. But for the next five days, you pretty cool. There's going to try to tighten that up there. Yeah. More and more people. And they have in the pad. I got something that we're having. Harder to determine who are the likely voters. Yeah. What is important to pass is that they're right in the last poll. Because the powers depend on commercial sponsors. And they've got an X1 say, be able to say to their widget. Not your factor. Yeah, we could tell you who buys widgets because we told you who won this election. And you knew more widgets. Our own polling used to make your point is now taking a separate way of the 2000 people. So if you bet sample has gone up. I believe it would be a stir at this election. Yeah. Here's the issue of polling. If they're accurate, it's enhanced. If they're not accurate, they'll be back last. You see it the same way? Well, what happens? Yeah. That's what the election is like. These tracking polls. And they really reflect the volatility of the moment. What you've got on the morning news. What you've got in the morning headlines. And so far, the so on. So the story becomes the volatility instead of of a question. What do candidates are saying? What they might do if they don't see the limit flip at just a bit. You write a piece from the US and a bit of a notion for you. I'm sure you know the words, just the newspapers. Nearly two thirds of the campaign stores in the network even years up here but given the fact that it's, this is just a term of what I thought he was going to give some numbers. Give it something to get a piece of can do there with Jackass. Pop, pop, pop, pop. Yeah, that's the problem of the whole world. Everywhere you go. Pop, pop, pop, pop. There's all kinds of work big in the next thing. Like at the Game Boy's night. You mean that's why my head is all pro-div. I don't think it's the head code at all. I think it's the game. All those people bugging in my ear. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. And according between that one and the sky with his stock stuff. Oh man, if I got a headache from him, write into my ear like loud. And that bitch, she said, I'll throw. Oh, I already know that, you know? Real loud. And when your head is all pro-div, and you got a real bad head code and you all stuck up. And you'll ask that shit, bitch. God, just get away from me. Of course, you knew those people were sitting in front of me. So what does that tell you? Good buddies with them. 9 minutes after another 5-6-2-3, who can hit my ruin? How young is too young? I know that you don't have to hear it, but I know that you're playing with them very easy. And I know that you're playing with them very easy. And I know that you're playing with them very easy. And I know that you're playing with them very easy. And I know that you're playing with them very easy. And I know that you're playing with them very easy. And I know that you're playing with them very easy. Good buddies. And I know that you're playing with them very easy. And I know that you're playing with them very easy. And I know that you're playing with them very easy. And I know that you're playing with them very easy. And I know that you're playing with them very easy. And I know that you're playing with them very easy. And I know that you're playing with them very easy. And I know that you're playing with them very easy. And I know that you're playing with them very easy. And I know that you're playing with them very easy. And I know that you're playing with them very easy. And I know that when you're playing, you're playing with them very easy. And I know that you're playing with them very easy. And I know that you're playing with them very easy. And I knew that you pretty much played with them, over here in America. And I knew that you didn't find that when you played with them very easy. And on the song, like, he was the king of the United States. I'll send you a bit of a bit of a bit of a few younger 6 and 7 year old girls are growing gigantic breasts because of big newspapers. That's right. They watch it all of a sudden. It starts happening. They're planning the soon of suggestion. By the way, Thank you. I just got a nice thing here. Flowers and little teddy bears. This is a Vermont teddy bear thing or not. No. Why see? This is from the staff of all American of the American Belkay. Flurs. Well, thank you guys for what we were. Do we know the American Belkay floor? No. Why guess we do now? Well, I didn't have teddy bears. What is that? It's like a little teddy bear. It is? Sure. But it's not a Vermont teddy bear. Absolutely not. No. I just thought I would mention that because then maybe I could want to. I'll maybe like to take those flowers home for the lovely Geneva. You know, I'd like to go buy some flowers for two years. I could say maybe I could buy some beautiful flowers for the very beautiful Geneva. Some nice tulips. Well, I know. There's a roses. I mean, no roses. I see if I said roses that would be the tip of. I mean, those are cartoons. Those are going to do news like I said. That can be lovely pink rose. Thanks a lot, staff of American Belkay. Actually got two or two birthday cards yesterday. Wow. I got a lot of my impressions. I've been here 25 years. I got a couple birthday cards. Wow. God is this audience emotional. Here's a mobile and Santa and Cisco, huh? You are nobody. Kill somebody around you. Alex. You are nobody. Kill somebody. Kill somebody. You might be kidding. Okay. You might be kidding. I know. We can't spend it in the personal. We have anything by Alex in here. We have the one where we are. Come on. It's got to be Southern here, Alex. Bennett. I think the only thing we have in here is the more we says if I had the ability. If I had the ability to, I think you are the right now. I'm chicken. God damn teeth. Of course, the opposite part about that is when he says if I had the ability to do it. Did he have the ability? No. I have the little leaves of life at a kick in Zance. What a little wimpy piece of crap he was. So, big pertinent turned on me too. That's nice to see. Really nice. Here's a mobile and pepper pine. Tell him. And yeah. Yes. The super-focult matter is that the floor of Panthers, it could arise the state to which the NIHL is far. You can't name me a spirit. Where a team that's won less than per person of its game is one point out of first play. It's a joke. Well, the division that the winner is a joke and the league is becoming a joke. And that's because your beckon the owners are greedy. See those that greed factor coming in a play. And they keep taking the 95 million of what a boy is for new franchise. And they don't care if they have 70 teams in league. And they keep rattling it down and rattling it down. And it's a joke. It's prophetic. You know, and we keep going in the game. And we keep studying these outrageous prices on kick it. Yeah. I give my tickets for free. And I'm honest enough to say that if I didn't get him for free. I wouldn't go to a few games. Like when the least of him, maybe a couple of others. And that would be it. I wouldn't pay to see this crap. I agree with you. No. I don't see a boycott the panthers. They say first let's fire the coach and his brother. And then the show would happen. You don't have to say boycott the panthers. There's no sort of a reason that I already anyway. I'm serious. And they tell me that they kill a line of crowd. I was in Vegas that we can. But they come to the crowd for that thing. We can worse than last night. We tried to, I can't even begin to imagine. I can't imagine what that coach looks like with like 7,000 people. I know what to worse off with about 9. And I know that. I know that I look like with about 5,000 people. I know what to worse off with about 9. And I know what to worse off with about 5,000 people. That's what we had after 2 periods last night. Everybody bail out of there. And when that third giant of girl went in the net, who was it? Well, who the hell was it? The lingerer, a lingwood, a lingwood. When you stuck at the old golanir, I just ran out of there like somebody had been firing gunshots in the ceiling. I flew out of there. Matt's lingwood. But they got some nice players around that came. Not necessarily the big names, but in more like palsy and some of the guys with pitch-roaded away. But they got put in together pretty decent teams. And there was a visual sitting on a bench who played a bullet game when I'd be full for them. Sitting on a bench probably sucking it all up and enjoying it. At least the one thing I have to report is they cut down what's in the range microphone in the vandal near whatever her name is. What is in him? In the airfield. They cut her a mic down. So, see the problem wasn't here. I don't want to see. I'm not picked that I knew. And you all can't work. And the guys like to be a look anywhere. Some of them from a distance. No. Okay. From a distance. I haven't seen her up close. You don't want to see her up close. Why? Like I said. Compared to Christina Aguilera, she's a knockout. But anyway, the cut the air level out of the mic down. She's not annoying me. She was a real loser. It was a real loser. It was an idiot there who won the pier against. That place has got the worst sound system in the history of the human race. Now, anybody could go watch a concert in that place. Maybe the acoustic show would be for one to have a concert. But I can't imagine how there could be any better. That's the worst. And the new piano answer. He sounds like Guilty Little B.D. He's tied together with a rubber band. That's what he sounds like. He's bad. He doesn't have a clue to understand in the game. No clue. None. He had to go. One was wrong with the other guy. The other guy was part of the team. It would be like kicking away Stanley's key panther. That was the only excitement we had in my section last night. We were standing too panther. And the only real excitement they had in the whole place was when Randy Miller issued it on the screen up there. When they had been in between period things. And somebody was giving Amy Murphy a polycraft about something. And Randy says, well, I'm sure that's not the first time the guy has lied to you. And everybody went nuts. That was the high letter of the night. That was the greatest excitement in the evening in the Mechariah last night. They're going that way. Where'd you ran to? Yeah, right away. Maybe I can turn this red as a beat by the way. So I guess it wasn't the first time. Here's more waterdale home. Meow. Yes sir. I don't know if something's really cold you just put the wind cold up to the current show this morning. No, they did not tell me. Oh, okay. Was he with a coherent? Very bad. I mean, it was like a trans letter you needed. Yeah. He told me story now. The media has been ignoring that five women in the, I guess, the sexist from Bush lived in the department in 1970. Yeah. Find out the latest, but the woman doesn't want to come forward. That Bush got some woman pregnant. Yeah. We already know all of that, but he was supposed to call me here a couple days ago. I'll go to the incident. I'll open it never call. So well, how can you believe it? Even now, doesn't believe it. Wow, not much more cohere at the reality. Now was compared to usual. I was very courant when he was here. So I love the other way. I know that's unusual, but he was. I saw it. And if he just wants the press to look into it, he says, you're ignoring it and burying it. So. Now, how'd what's there to look into it? The woman was there. That's the amount of comfort. And she's not going to say anything. How can they look into it? Well, I like the issue that she just said Bush had a press conference or the next time they could. And I had to move out the drug thing too. And he just, you know, he goes, move it like that. And that's the end of that. And I was on. He's pretty, pretty. He was just wrong. That's okay. Right. I want to hit the crash. Come back. You got it. A perfection of the drug news. So I know it was very flat. And when I talked about the fact that he's so heavily medicated that you, who's passed 12 foot, you want to clock in the afternoon before he's a coherent enough to speak. That doesn't sound too good. That's it. All inside the promising. That's what we're going to have to far back on. And even at assort direct press last night, they've wanted to have 15 different shows now on CNN deferral in the time to a capital R's on this election train. About 10 foot Eli's not a good home in time to see the end of the game, which is nothing to see. And then I flip over to CNN and they got talking about the Boston roadster that I read yesterday about bush disappeared in a military and national guard now a band for a year. And then their press is, well I guess since Clinton, you know, military service is no longer with that much of an issue. Probably never will be again. But that isn't just the question. The question is honesty and integrity credibility. These are the things that the bush people are talking about. Try to nail gore. You jackass. They'll press. You just another CNN rim. They should call it the ficken rims network is what they should call it. You just a bunch of one sided rims on CNN. And then who do you think they have on yes? Do they know that show between five and six political or whatever they call it hour with duty, what are some burning show? Who do you think they have analyzing the electro college vote? Somebody really, really write down in there or somebody very objective. Got no back. Highway can lead junior. With that funny, that fake smile. It's the effect of the answer. I'll kick him on camera before he goes. He takes the corners of his mouth where the fingers and throws them up your fake smile. Like Dr. Mangala, just before he's about to give you the needle in the Yeah, yeah. Bob Novak. And he's saying he's got here the poles of that square head by some seven or eleven points and four to the last few days. He's given Florida to Bush. They're not. Michigan either. They're going to be two points. They're giving it to Bush. And the state too. And he says, wow, that occurs. It's never been as close before. It's just Michigan a Florida. She's got the other way. The neck is going to vote. He made that. Bob Novak. Who are you, kiddin? Ted Turner. You ought to hang your guy in head and shame. No other thing. Find dumps your guy. They lose your ass even with your billions of dollars. And I want to say it again, Ron. If that's all it's about is inheritance tax and some tax and income tax and brass tax, then shame on you. Wounds would you. Shame on you. I'll see you in Jerusalem man. Not. Boy. I do. I have a headache from those people last night. That's a. That's a. That's a. That's a. I like that. I don't know that already. You know, it's guys lining in my ear. Hearing on. He need a money man. He's your money man. Anyway, if you need the. I know this is a everybody's a pitchman. Everybody comes to me to sell on this. They're peddling at just the middle of the long. Okay, just running into the game or enjoy the misery. At least there was no. Yeah, that's why I couldn't sell those good weed cars. There's another guy that came for a guy. Somebody some more you'll weed. In fact, it just sent some weed in the mail. We could use some good weed around here now. Did you make home to do that this week? I'm a fat. Jew. I saw. May live a. South line. they are. The ball. Come on. There. It looks good. Phase three comes down, hit blow to pass ahead to sit andlip the stairs, so close…. They'll get there. Normally, it's like aид praising me of the last target of the cast to run a時.decis were considered the ultimate one of us during 3-1. big vines of the beautiful peach colored roses. What would you colors of those pink I guess? Pink pink roses. And I picked it up but I picked it in the contour room there to give them the joy so I can give them to the lovely junior. And I see at the top of the thing there of the arrangement there's another card. I thought I had the card which I do have one little one in a card too. But here's the real card. Felicia Crompliano is happy birthday to my favorite flag. I love you deeply. Ow. Deeply. As in social thinking. And now I'll have to play the text of flowers. I'll play the one where you need them for a plural contamination. Burn the card. Oh god. Five, six, seven. But within the color of the box is back here today is now by line five. And I realize that he's number a lot of the rest and is walking around very weekly like he's afraid that somebody's been a baguished head off or something like that. But maybe somebody was want to tell him the line five has been out for days and days and days and days on him now. Just so that somebody around here gets their ass and doing something. He's got to walk it around and moving directly in the purse like your rose that this morning. That's it's to call it sophomore could be in search of a high school sophomore right across the country. And it's just pathetic, tragic. Here's Holly. Good. Hello. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Yeah. Thanks for taking my call. Thanks for making me call. I've been listening to you from day one and I need a little half of hope you can bear with me. I'll make you pass. Okay. Remember you've gone through that you're a little bowel syndrome and with the. The. Chester and all that. I will all through that but I did think about the. You're sure you sure. Or you said you took some sort of a. A compound or by the minute that really got you out a lot. You know. I've got a right here called. Oh, I see. From nature and healthy Trinity. But the. Nature and healthy. Nature in NATRN not nature, not Jewish, NATRN. Okay, because telephone number? 1,800. 992. 3323. 3323. 23. And it's new to expensive, but if we ever could have met a lot. Oh really? Yeah. I appreciate Dr. Diamond. You said was your doctor? Dr. Diamond? Yeah, you mentioned his name. He said he was very good. Never heard of Dr. Diamond. Okay, you know, I'm Mr. Smith. You're full of some. Anyway, I talked to you guys when I answered the answer to the phone. I had a WI, I hope you did. Newsletter that was sent out, I get some year 1927. I'd like to wish you happy birthday and send your copy of it. It's very interesting reading. Okay. Thanks. Thanks a lot. Good one. Okay, here's your guy who's Kissy's a person. 560, 560, Palm 560, on the 18k, and Verizon, I'll respond. That's sure I had a wish we had a place I get some soup for my throat, but we don't. We don't have crap around here, you know? I mean, I hate to say that we got a friend chuck of the sub center. Tell me if that's soup. Yeah. I wish we had a Chinese joint, you know? Some good one-ton, a lot can be real days that I would do the 10 young guy. I'm not talking about Miguel again. So the 10 young guys name the soup I used to have all time. I think there's a Chinese joint down there, you know? Treat that way. But I don't think they'd listen. No, probably not. I doubt it very much. But this is a dear to Google, a serious restaurant in the city. This is kind of a smarmier around here, really smarmier. So Google, this is the middle of little Jamaican butter. So we are good weed bad food, which is not a good combination, because you have good weed and you're watching good food. 560, 560, Palm 560, on the 18k, and Verizon, I'll respond. I'll really be ill. Here's a mother and birthday, hello. Hello. Yes. Hello. Thank you, son. I'm fine. I want to start with a book that they've been, you know, they've been talking about. I want to start with a book that's been written in, made a food in, and they're pure, pure, pure, pure, pure, pure, calm. As a author. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. Oh. Oh, God. Jack wants to bring you some soup. Jack who? Play, Joe? Yeah. First of all, Tom, don't force Tana to come here again, because number one doesn't look that good anymore. He's a nice kid. He really is nice guy. Just a normal kid. He's not Joe's type. Well, a talk is all. What the hell? Yeah. He didn't have a deal like that before. He did that. That was like a, to be fucked with tensions. He tried to work that part to good. He's okay. In a pinch. And parts just probably all over him anyway. I'm beginning to worry about Jack. He's so Jeff used to be really like real straight. Like so to speak. He was kind of the ladies man and the drillers would say. But now he's like, since he's saying hang them out with our girlfriend, we discovered that everybody who still alive. And he can sell those who are just barely willing anymore. Because he got like something, you know. He worries me a lot. He scares me. Okay, bring us some soup, probably. Tell us your listening. Is he on the phone? Yeah. Bring us some soup. But not not in no food. It's the soup. Just soup. No food. Because I, because I'll have a real serious accident. So I should have eaten those days when this morning. Now somebody has building, screw my baby. They wanted me to who it was. Somebody ate dust armored, which I always eat dust armored. Because I always get it before he does. And if supposed to be for him, but he has mine because he's a limp anyway. You know, he's very easy to learn. And since he came back from vacation, he's 10 times weaker than he used to be. I'm going to get my reward about him. You want me to get another say? Yeah. He walks around the building like, you know, like he's going to offend you if he speaks to you. Like, may I show something that my man, coming here now? He's very weak. Of course, maybe he had something happened. I don't know. They're not so dry to the food. There's that neighbor a little bit of meat. You know what I mean? Maybe he got ripped in the shirt for something like that. But somebody ate his arm, which I would have eaten myself, which would have been a nice act. And same cheese in the cheese omelette. They're meat those potatoes. I told those are very immediately. And that would have been good. But there was no omelette. So I wound up eating the goddamn potatoes. Believe me, there is nothing worse. I don't care how Jewish you are or want to be. There's nothing worse for it than a bagel. They used them. If you have a problem with use. Or there's that make me sick. I told them with cream cheese. Two, not one, but two. And I am just dying over here. Yeah, I have a problem with food when I see it. I eat it. That's what I told me. He ran out of here. So when do you want that banana split? No. Oh, I'm telling you, you want to see those big roast come back in a minute or two. You just keep talking like that, Mr. You want to see them from the inside of. God, the thought of that. And I did mention yesterday with Alan's drugs. Did I mention that? Red road and bird road, I think. Alan's mouth might be empty. And they actually still have that. They're so to found in the lunch and that now. Like the old days. And he's planting. We had cutting hand drugs. I'm glad we're having him. Back when I was a Michigan State. He had an incredible EOM. Thank God. I found that a Michigan State. And I found a soda. Because I never went to clients. I was thinking about a nice to borrow. What? What's wrong with that? Now, why do you find that amusing? The actual vent that funny. The actual vent that funny. The fact that you so openly admit it. But the talking out of clients? Yeah. I was there for two years and most of the time I go in the class. I didn't go to some school. I did really well because I was born. It was almost nobody there. You're pretty sharp guy. You think he was born? It was there was no interest to me. It was very boring. It was like a rehash of all the crap I've done in the high school. I had no interest. Touch when you're away from home for the first time. And you saw your mouth. You get the drink. Because at home I was no other than hang out with that. I was going to hang out with that little grime. And since I went to high school and Canada big when we were working, all we had was going. It was pretty boring. So in school, I just then college I would just run for a lot. And since I had nearly fake ID, I was the one who used to walk that up and down the hall of the original bag with all the beer bottles, cranking inside. Yeah, I used to go to gym a lot. And I'd rather jump all of that. I always had that gym bag with big half gallons of nice to buy, cutting inside. So you just sit here, go and learn whatever you are. Yeah, I was watching my roommate's little TV at New TV. I'm being from Pentafine and Jersey. You didn't go to games, football games or stuff. Who was your name, he came from. Not always been name. Oh yeah, yeah, we went to our, all the way here. Of course we went to football games, hockey games, basketball games at Old Genesis and Peelhouse. Yeah. Of course. What's the bedhead like these people here at U of M? They don't suppress their teams, and then all of a sudden when they pay a big game. Yeah, we got robbed in the BGF poll. So I hear one more call like that on this station. I'm going to go out and bond the transmitter. I can't stand it. 145 votes, which applies to you? Like to another college of 102, like me. I fronted out of Michigan State, now proud of it. We're a green and bright. Never went to college 27. That's not probably not necessarily a sub-beer. And when TUN only 16 out of 145, 11 percent. So only 11 percent, and some of those are probably lying anyway. And yet you think that everybody in this town went to be revend because it's the Huracoums baby. We, we are going to be number one. We. Pony. Erzot. This is totally an Erzot town. 22. No. 16. One million times for meaner bodies even the year down. When they come to the magical musical story telling, nobody does it better than the legendary ripflap feeling. And now, as you can get all this fresh on the one out of ripflap, the overrubber. She'd be peddling a bit of ganache. A little party, little needs a pop. Remember every day, because she didn't get away. So you do not take it easy for your life, so no. A ball that TUNed field tail scrender, none cut to the bone like ripflap. And you'll get all this men's and one out of the program to the tail of the little firemen. So time, when you are raising well your play and the new game, you're finally going to spot on your man. You've got a pit for a ripflap in your chest, right line on you, the dark crystal subjects. So, bounce your mouth, you've got a bounce your mouth, you've got a once bobby, you would be dead. And bobby bobby bobby bobby head, why she yell as she's not mad. Get out of your chest, both now, and order ripflap you'll run it today. Give your children the gift they will be paid for a lifetime, the musical nature of ripflap. Oh, get the gift from them, they're all ripflap, ripflap. Oh, ripflap, ripflap, ripflap, ripflap, ripflap, ripflap, ripflap. All right, 14 to no, they're five, 16 to you. I wonder what we got today. We had a hack it too hack with her, but you know, cook it five. Who a crew and hotline at system, baby and Honda. The bookstore, eight o'clock tonight, and then it, K, at Naples for at Meyers dog craft. But I mean, I tell you, can't keep a real good gen with them. He's a, he's a per meter facility that has made them their boat yet. He's going to be doing a show next week from Sun and all race track in Orlando, which has been closed. I think for seven years already. I mean, race track that have been out of business that have been burned down. He's going to be doing a harness racing show from Suffolk down with Eddie Cobb. Has been dead for 20 years, probably. It's going to be great. And I'd go on, Eddie K. Eddie K. and the G.A. crowd. So we're just reminiscing, speaking away, did you go to school about er, Joseph, right? He was a great school ready to go to school. High school? Yeah. Cooper City, could appreciate you. And of course, I went to school and there was reminding me that I went to have the smallest penis and hopefully they didn't raise. I could with a real small penis like that. He can show a kick, I'm kidding. Supermodel, Mickey K. Ler, also went to my high school. Most underrated pair and that whole team, I'll say it again. I said it last time you were doing the show, I'll say it one more time. He's a guy, especially between that usually. This year, it's, they've had some exceptions, but usually it's like, you know, a drive down field, first and go on the run and kick the field goal. You know, same old story. And there was missed with the panel, whether it's 20 yards, 50 yards, 180 yards, risk killers, incredible. It gets no credit. And H.S. L. E. Go. And I should mention that what's his name, Scott, cut by came to city last week or PBN, say a story of him. Say a, who's better with the kicker right. Michigan State, where I want that. 5, 6, that, 0, 5, 16, pound, 5, 16. I'm proud of that, let's run with that. Huh? How's your rating wrong with that? I mean, I didn't flank out, I was wronged out by not going. So one day you just left school, or run there, I got a notice from them saying, James, don't come back and I didn't. Or did what about like, academic probation, did you get a warning letter, or, which is, I'm out of the first year I didn't buy the same way to summer school. I think I had like two years in a B, I did four classes, and under the track, and I didn't Detroit. There is a park. That's what I was majoring in, harness racing. I can tell. Yeah, and I had a friend who was an equal. Today introduced me on my function Detroit's harness racing back in 1960's, but 30 years now, I have a blusher in, and I never got a time. And I come back from my last class, there would be my friend sitting on the stupid drum of the Detroit pre-press and there would be seven of the entries for that night. Oh, Joe, my junior's got six horses to hide, and we, and sure enough, you know, I would palm my paper recorder or find somebody to get a few extra bucks. Yeah. Well, I would write a bad check. See, back in those days, it was easier to write a bad check, but for more than really hadn't you were camping and had computers there. But I always know, to cover, cover the hot? Well, that's great. I'm the pressure to be able to come back and with the win, I'm not really happy to win, and make it a positive morning. Make sure that you cover the bad check. That's good. That's talent. What do you want to laugh about? But see, I want to be the other way. I want to bring a young, the janvars into the guy that goes to the track once and a week now. Maybe wins a hundred bucks, lose a hundred bucks. Never have a big night or a bad night by the pop, but I have a great time, because it's not going to change my life. As opposed to the so-called adults we got around here, that I want you to talk about the presidential election, and one of the odds on Boehyamis, that makes me very sad. It's saddens me that this nation has attracted such a bunch of big, big, professional gambling scumbags. It's sad. The same kind of people are going to be down there with default, kicking over the losing tickets, you know, down by the finish line. They're sad. What is your dad, dude? He kicks over tickets at their finish line at that car, and then they're going to give you a fine show tickets for 260. Yeah. So you can get beer money for dad. Here's time to find, so. Yeah, yeah, free. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm not moving up, so I'm not sure it's called infat politics. Yeah. And what no, what? He should be a hishore should be called inside the Nazi party. That's what he should be called. The number of people are at the 90-98. The end was parking from the Congressional office. He said, oh, the Republican party is going to pick up his seats. And guess what? They're lots of high seats. Yeah, right. The government's capital government and the government's capital government's capital government's he's always lost in that team because he always didn't. But you know what? You're pretty good. Yeah, but that's good. But they put him on his similar side. He's a Republican, you know, Republican, you know, Republican, he's a Republican, you know, Republican, Congress. Right. They should put, okay, this is what I'm going to call it. I'm going to call it the abode, you know, it's a fight. That's, really, that is all of your motivated and his supporters. And you're very crucial in the state of Florida to motivate us. You get me, am I you coming out and say, no, I'm pushing. Even if you know, he just, just read some more, you know, more we that are, are, I mean, editorial, read some more blackstone blocks. So you have to motivate us because the least me is the fight. It is because you a lot better over here. I'm going to understand when I said that I think Bush is going to win the fight, you know, like, reverse psychology, I got a call that's to try to force people. You panicking, go out there and vote for five times. I didn't think in the title as a club, I took out two economics. I didn't have a position in front of us. Okay, a little. A lot of nice to borrow. Okay, last night, I'd refer to a live, just borrow. And we've got a little bit of what you like to do on the Supreme Court. You like to see justices, you said, all like to see third more of them. Eight more dresses like ours, come on. Because he came from my country, the university, gave us a peach and I love him. Yeah, but all these people over the world were collapsing. And I don't remember what you were following the last night. Not much to see. Okay, man. Okay, good I'll give you a crazy fence about five, six, seven, five, six, there. It's only five days away, baby. Can you smell it, man? Yeah, it's in the air. The stench of this election is right there and here. And these ads, this year, this is the worst school I've ever seen in my life. The way these ads are. What is all of that mountain valley water is here? Can we order it? Do we order mountain valley now? Complementary for my feds and mountains, all the way. I've got you, God bless America. How do you like that? See, this is great. First I get those panties, I mean those roses from our gold thing. Which I wish I wouldn't have seen that. No, that's the step, this dropped in my whole berry. See, man. Especially when this is our lovely beetling. What does a pigre land are doing here? What is that? What is the notes say? Or is it torn burrow sinbrewied? It's too embarrassing. Okay. Give him a measure. Which apply to C.U.I.T. I went to another college 111. Never went to college 31. What to UM-19 or 11% of the hundred and sixty-nine. So all those people, the car in this station, saying, We basically, that's so what to UM like my little dog went to UM. Quite frankly, I think he could make the honor really UM. That's the average act here at the University of Miami. That's some kind of you. Here's the lady in Fort Lottodale, hello. Hi, Neil. It's from the club. Did you see Marlott Thomas on the station? No. I never asked her to. I hate that show. Well, I like it. But she went on that today bashing Rob later. Good. Good for a night call. Really? Yeah. And she was telling her, but you have to vote for Greer. If a w thief is both her nater, he's doing the wrong thing. I think she really wants to check out the show. I think she knows that her husband and her neighbor are doing it. You know, I think she's on the left. She definitely isn't. She definitely upset with both of them. And she's so good everybody. You have to vote for Greer. Later went to change the way I've been. We need to do it through propositions in the next four years. But not waste the vote in a lot more. Nice girl Marlott. Yeah. She did a really great job. I was really surprised. Also, two of them decided that Sunday's my birthday too. So I'm not happy birthday. And thank you. Okay. Thanks. And happy birthday. She'll over there at the Cox broadcasting. It's also your show's birthday. It's so easy. We should have a birthday on the year. Then the sender sometime, which I'm not going to. Oh, that's right. I got some beautiful roses. I could. But there's already spoken for. That's how we're seeing. I think may have touched them and she'll go on to be in your van. She's already been in the muskla. I don't want to say it. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 6, beyond the 18, T. And Verizon, one of the flying. So we actually have water for mountain valley. Cause I gave them a nice plug on the other. You see, here's the lesson for all new young people out there. This show should be a real model for you. Look at Anna-Bock. She's talking about free. If you get something for free, you don't have to worry about tax cuts. You don't have to sell your whole dog to the highest bidder. Like some of these multi-millionaires who are so selfish. I think we need the money. So they need the money. No, that's what makes me sick about people like that. That's what, that's what, that's what. Get lost one. See you Saturday. And what was that? What do we get? This is just the receipt. It says what they brought in this much. Right. The 30. So God bless. Mountain valley water. You know, that's one of my oldest long last day. I'm not a sponsor anymore, but they used to do it. And then you used to go about 11 and the good people are not in valley water. And I don't think it's still a little wrong. It says, we halt to the United States. That's right. Leave her. It's been like I said. He's a good guy too. Thank you, lady. Or however guy, mountain valley water from hot springs. Arkansas. So you know it can't be bad. It's great stuff. And even Dr. Castella, that's not in valley. Hopefully it's just a water too. And it's proper pericountry spring water available. Waving. That's your free some water for two way. And outside of this room. What? Well, you see, they have that and it's good stuff. And we like the guy from purple parade. And especially that stuff that's got that lotion, that lotion in the cast. That's good stuff for your free. I should be at all over the place. And even if he had him works good on your act on one. But inside this room, of course, because we're loyal. And because we were experts against stuff for your long before these other guys. We got so many water. We got mountain valley water. And whatever happened to the guy over the Canadian water and the blue bottles. What was that water? The glacier water. Ice Age. Ice water. Was that the end of the blue bottle? Yeah, the Ice Age water from Canada. What happened? I don't know. He was great. He was great. That was good stuff too. Not that we're looking for more free water. But you can never have too much free water, especially because we got to make free loaders around this place. And I don't know if I want to have a garbage. You're making our water free anymore. I could only make his tongue and some drill roses. Black girl. That. Oh, god. I wish we had to picture that. We could make a fortune. Man. And then I didn't make that story up here. But I write about that. You're the one I told me to story. And then I written a story to the stepping scene. Where Joe rose, pulled down his pants and stitches with stepping smelly. Black girl. What did you say to the middle of a spot? It was a little shocked by the butterfly tattoo. Oh, god. And then I was the one I got these tongue. That's the one I'm in his hand. Just lick up. Yeah. And he did. Where you fled to back him? I will. The god. The god. The god. Oh, right. She let's go to the gigos. When he made two we go. Monaco is not the kind. You can do in the behind. Part of the car and her vagina. She's all mine. Where he don't know where the story goes. I can see how there was wrong. Confusion. Between humans or and human more. And then I can saw the term. Seederbox means to her. They gave. So as reportedly to go with life. That was in he was working hard. They nighted in the ovary of it. Working on the practical job. The job. The job. The machine noodle. For the next floor. In. Loaded. Or a man. The girl was blowing. The girl's the god. The god. The man. The god. The janum. The. She let's add a gigos. If it's not he made two we go. My neck is not the god. You can do in the behind. Back to butter. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. The. innocent. I love the. Making silence.�. And she has never loved myself. And it is a little cold. And I've got a scorn and her vagina she'd all mine Oh, can't you say me? Yes, I'm a ristanta Oh, yeah, I'm a scorn and her vagina But she got a foolish take a tip of reload But she's gone, I'm waiting for you Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah Oh, I got three at five, six, you got a QA in His affection, they are on the fan in fact His yesterday and you were right there, they kicked the panther's ass Through nothing shut them down, it wasn't even that close And he says the Murray's got to go at you Only chance and I say absolutely correct sir Also he says bad if this was God He's stuck in ice when in their first goal Again, last night, right if this year It was pretty good too, but that's me trying to find Five six, what happened to the, I don't know, phones a little bit of a jar of it, little strange But thanks to mountain valley rodter and our close friend Was it me, the hostman, our close friend Isaac actually brought the one And Isaac brought the water, thank you Isaac We got here And those beautiful flowers that we're disinfecting right now as we speak Here's Margie, hello Yeah, good afternoon, yes sir You know, there's been something that's bothering me for a long time About the bush camp pain Oh yeah, she and 48, 43 bush, Washington Post, 49, 45 ABC, 49, 45, and a Mr. Bonema Yeah, there's something that's been bothering me And I couldn't put my finger on it until the other day When I heard him say to the umpteen time I trust the American people to do the right thing You have to go out of friend there was a professional con And he told me that the way you work is you never asked me to trust you You tell them that you trust them, that's the beginning of the car And it's quite obvious that this is what he's running He's trying to tell the American people We trust you to do the right thing in there For a try to gain the trust of the American people It's one of the oldest con lines You last night they had Rob Reiner And then starring on it because they're all born Stine, all give him honor This guy is trying to set up piece of crap Carrying it hard, don't leave it Rob Reiner is a very intelligent coach He's very, very, very, very deep, sounds like a very decent guy Yeah, this been snine I don't know where they're going, what are we called that of I'm the leader Yeah, very, very true Yeah, they're trying to get you against you You're very clever Yeah, very clever Yeah, that's a big money We have to think we're going to spend money We're going to earn a fee by the way He's a smart How did you get the way he wants? What's interesting He's so out of me, I have no idea I think he's so much about the video of Zadano I'm going to all of these seven days He's just going to pay it on the scene I don't find him funny No I don't know I don't know The non-zian, those parts that we pay on the station all the time And the joys that are just instantly Yeah No, no What are you looking? Okay, have a great day I'm going to get my bag I got bus America Okay, we got 600 open lines You all of a sudden I don't know what is with this crowd We got five days to go to the left Are these lines working here? What's this? That one's working It's one's working You want to go to line five If you purchase from it, it won't even It won't even register That's how bad line five is screwed up I don't want to mention it because I've probably I'm directly probably out to lunch now for about three hours But I just mentioned that in passing case Anybody in the building like an engineering or management chair Do they care? No, it's mine five Because sometimes there's like a spillover effect Then it lines when we have a line that's messed up But don't start complaining again because they get real sure They would have stuff They could make an escape What's up Trying to figure out how come nobody's interested in the sports class 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 I mean if you could have been in it I wouldn't have won the last night either one day You'd have asked yourself out loud How could anybody in good consciences Spend the money to build this place And it's a nice place And it's real convenient to me Boy I was home in four minutes I was home like I abandoned Right after that third I went to go there And I was in the condom Why up the road? Why? What in the road? What's the point? Trying to pretend that this place is something that it's not Here's four miles, hello Yeah, good morning Good morning Good afternoon now New about time You got to the phone Because it won't be a suck-up Hope you're having a good birthday Listen, I'm going to tell you something Yeah, okay, the guy that's gone down I'll listen to the phone I'll take the phone You're the same point as the other day I was like you were a picture Treatment got a bunch of them all tied Okay great Give it a rest Now, call up Bob Lashy Or I'll open camp I don't think he's running But give him a call Okay, okay Call him up He's killing me Here's Miami Hello You don't have to go to the U.N. to be a fan Bitch You should know that None of them? You don't have to go to U.N. to be a fan Why is that? Because we never met him, we love U.N. No, we don't live in a Miami Doesn't mean we live for the day Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah No, there's no big metropolitan city Yeah, so this is not This is not like some little college time Like East Lansing or Ann Arbor This is a big metropolitan city If you live in New York, you ever have Colombia You gotta love your Shiver And of course, your Shiver don't have a football team Because they can't touch the pig skin But I mean, let's get serious You gotta love Miami You're full of crap You just make it an excuse man You're just waiting once again to jump on a bandwagon To be a front-wagon in front of me We... Famer of Tyrecraft And these people when they lost that third game of Oden They were screaming about we've been worried We've been worried We've been worried Yeah, we Yeah Take your BS EFC, whatever it is And shove it up your reek 560560, 560 on the AT&T And provide that curve in front of Myers-Borne Craggy old fart Maybe it's just, this is well We're not over the most of the time Here's a mobile and forward waterdale Hold Ghost time Working in Nixon White House as a speechwriter He's in whistle And all he's done is Napoleon Because when Nixon wanted to count the Jews And the college the fire And he got tensed of signs to do it Yeah That was just claimed the fame He's a piece of human being He is the human version of a group He's a dog, you remember the quadjunks character? Yeah That's him He's got to be in the picture of the film the same place Never sung together George is voting for that bushfire He has stayed in many times That he is a Republican That figure is showing his act together this morning It's figures So it's just one of what you know He's one of those And he's selfish He's far in touch What did it come out to I'm out of here Okay I thought it came out of form of Europe I thought it came out of form of Europe It's like a school of California Did he come Texas? I don't know After the scene has performed in two of those That's from 100 560560 Con 560 on the 18k And for the last one I was crying He had a one and a one in the morning show And actually he had to be for bush Bush's for growing Hellenacts after known in 560 WQM冠軍man on clear streets right now YES We've spent 3 nights at least We've died of big white povertyI've fought it out We love Shangri veut and tradition we part over we play a lot of children about food. You danced the smoothie You bowed us. All we knew was as if I'm with tension. Here's our picture. Get it out, Charles, we may be right. We love it. We love it. Yeah, we all love it. It's a red stain and a hair decay. It's a cheese stain and it's a stain. It's a stain and it's a weed out of the smell. It's a stain and it's a black color. It's a good stop of the sun. So I think we all should do the hair. And the mn6 will be in 20 and this is the dem flagrod making. We'll dump the red and blue with just sheets of wine. Let's live on that edge, straight. Just for that, it's a native day. And all the best of all of us thought it to be black. We're leaving the red and blue. We find a fortune for it and we'll like us to all. We're not so white. We're not so white. We're not so white. We're not so white. We're not so white. Well, 17 in the place of our check, I'm relieved now. Just as never when he and I were together. At least the check is on time. Well, 17 is five, 16, 17, QA and five. It's not on and I'm not going to turn on because, well, I don't care what you are. Because last time you were here, you said, you like rosemary, thing that moves. We understand as our tender told me yesterday, he said, I'm rushing my backside every second. I said, good thinking, pal. Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the 18, T and the Verizon wireless line. Hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of open lines, five days away from election day. How do you like that? And it gives me a song of that and to about how I'm supposed to get everybody motivated. I'm sitting here with a guy named Hakekow. I can barely breathe, you have come brings me some good soup. You think, God, I haven't sounded at all. You're that? Because it's kind of moving up my throat there and it's so too, it's beautiful. But in the meantime, this crowd is dead. Here's what I bought a day, and hello. You got it. Yes sir. That game last night was an abortion. Speaking of dead, yeah. They should get all those push supporters or, you know, against, you know, all these feet of obviously go stand outside the Colourial Center and protest those abortion games. Unbelievable. Yeah. I had a guy who was split and tickets to it to add a call up and I said, you know what, maybe I'll pass on this 20 games this year. Uh huh. What do you think? I think you're going to play many better for staying away. I think Joe Rose, the first time you've found a big image and you've caught that off of a coma, inducing a band in you go like you. What you have is a Rosalars night and empty dream. I think Joe Rose is from Fath and Pith guy. I always hear. Yeah. Maybe he'll go back. They'll take a look here. Now let's see if Drop is Panthers and San Francisco in the middle of your show out there. Uh huh. If he's going to do that. No. I doubt it. Big Mr. Macho. Drop. Drop his pants in front of Gary. Five. That's a true story. He did that. He was in the middle of a spot there and stuck his Indian moon to Right in the post running a little spot. What are the disgusting fat in the middle of my soup? Jesus Christ. God is he shmotsy. Yeah I know. Here's quote. Give him. Tell him. I knew. Yes sir. All right. I was missing on the radio now, uh. I've was going to have to call. I mean, I'm either work. And I just keep hearing a lot of, uh, these unentoric people who, uh, and know what's going on. I want to know why that is. One impred people who I want to go over. I know that. No, no, no. No, no, no. No, no, no. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. I know that. But maybe I know that. But maybe I know that. But, well, well, so will attach or pay me. Find the appropriate. I guess the exact evidence is actually that it's possible. The same It was found. No. It was found. and then he died mysteriously racial violence. And then Jack Ruby died of a massive dose of cancer with no fire history of cancer. That is correct. He just woke up on day and oh he's a bit he just got cancer overnight. So that makes for a great show some at some point. Yeah. We should talk about that first. Okay. Thanks for your time. Are we going to do a show on that? No. Let's do a show on Dorficchio Galen Jack Ruby. But you know who that is. No. They don't know Jack Ruby from Big Diamond. Five, six, seven, five, sixy. They don't know Jack Ruby from Big. Jamie. Here's a moment on Hollywood. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? My pleasure. Hey, Neil. I have one question. I haven't scratched my hand here. I was on a website. It's a five or six in that work. It's got a lot of information on the candidates on everybody. It's not a bias website. It doesn't seem to be anyways. But what I can understand is there's a poll where it shows a lot of people that are pro choice and are mostly going towards Gore against a death penalty. I would have been, how they could be both of those. They're a lot of things. I'm going to say this to you. Okay. The death penalty is not an issue. First of all, the death penalty is a state-by-state issue. Federal federal executions are almost never. Almost no federal execution. It's a state-by-state issue. It's not a major issue in a presidential election. So it's a new point. I didn't, in addition to which the fact that George Bush had all those people executed in Texas is not something that anybody is courting in having to admit the third debate ought to be proud of. Especially the people who are attorneys who's covered defenders were sleeping due after trial. You're laughing, but it's a matter of fact, it's a matter of record. I guess the people who did examine themselves and say if they are, you whether or not it's an issue in the presidential campaign for themselves personally, if they are for pro choice, the nation also will be pro execution or the other way around. It's not which can't be voted just to ask themselves what were they going to do? I would see the connection. What's the, what, what, what, what? How do you draw a parallel between deciding over a woman's right to choose a destiny over her own body and executing somebody who's a living person? Well, what's, what's the connection? Because life still became okay, Greg. Good, very spotted someplace else. Call out fat ass, limba. Life became in the 80, I know. Life became the 58. That's what I'm saying on Sunday, Jack ass. Are you men out there to want to stick your head inside everyone's mom out there and I know a lot of you do, but I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about sticking your nose in their business. Are you want to do that too? They want to stick your nose in your business ladies. Get your nose out of there. Just like you're other with his nose and your nose and your nose and your eyes and your eyes and your eyes are disgusting. Nothing like a man walking around. And that's why those business of these women out there that's really tightening up if you're putting that expression that they're basically being among the women. How is that possible? What kind of a woman wants another clearance Thomas on his Supreme Court or maybe two or four more or a clearance Thomas's and Anthony Scalouard? Who wants that? And when you're flicking renkers. Now put them tapping in there for a while because Brian she was always going to do a matchup. How do you like that? Poor Jeff Cohen's got to come in here. Everybody's on copy because like I said before, Brian down to N.C.L doesn't serve us as a count. Doesn't write no copy. Just like I said, useless. Usors are third burger. That's you, Brian. I got copied here that's still other than last year's not the bells. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. What's up? Yes sir. Hey, first of all I like to say, you don't change? Yeah, okay great. Here's another one last time being told. You know how I hear you. Okay. I thought I was kind of to something else but the college before the last one just fired me so much. You know, I got a little bit of a familiar here today, Neil. What is it? And I got an award for the earlier end and I thought, you know, I want to really prove my point. So I'm going to say, if you don't like abortion, then how can you like the fact that it's a guy murder 17 people, we should possibly execute him. See Neil, you people just don't make sense. That's because that's what you knew is just me. Where are these guys? And you know you live in next door to Apple, they're complete morons. They've got their point of view which they directed into their conversation of their speech to such. I looked on a website today. Yeah, same morons with a one-top, they're going to vote for George Boyke and go look at the fact that if you know what, I'll go and lie, go and lie. Let's see, go and lie to about getting all sex away up and said we've got George Bush's team who lied about having built-in kill. Yeah. We could have an answer to who was the chief of direction, but I didn't contract right. But no, no, no, no, no, that's that. I think that's the thing. I can be looking at some pictures in Jack Rubian, all of a sudden got a big tumor. That's all pretend Neil, we're just making that up because we gotta find something to do because you know what, we couldn't catch one of the questions. You couldn't pair one and give George Bush a blow down. You couldn't ever hear that for a face. That's why I don't ever have that problem, Roy. Okay, whatever you said anybody said, no, no, but kill a couple and then it's 560560560 on the AT&T and Verizon while they're flying. Okay, George, can't keep a packer in his hand. And she's George now, Neil Gors. Things that it's set by set by set by set. And then Gors, things that it's set by set by set. And Gors, things that it's set by set. I'd like something in the air. I'd like something in the air tonight. That she was just walking down the street, saying, you're all ready. I thought they were just getting golden there. That's what I would have been good for about four and a half minutes. Rather than a little more, I'll show you. God damn it. 20560560560560. Oh Jesus. I see it. I don't know why we find the good music. That's air. He said in the written school magazine, that is air. It's the same. Whatever you see right there, that sums him up in the same sentence. Eating and giving your. That's that that's, that's the nightly of his material. Yeah, the activity within an episode is in there from 50 years ago. A funeral, a less low test one journey. People come up to late the hockey game. The last few years one journey really is gross. As you said, very well. Yeah, trust me. You have to have a good imagination to see. I mean, just a gigantic ball of fat, a ball of it. Like, remember, rover in the prisoner, the big ball on the beach, the big white ball. It's like a big ball covered with hair. That's what I'm Jeremy. Here's Miami. Hello. How you doing there? Okay, sure. Are you a threat call of a call there in a couple minutes ago about the arm and plowing? That more on you. Yeah. I'm an emperor. I'm an emperor. My that's true. You're the fact that a god damn blessed that there. Wish little brother. He put me out of work. Sing the hand. It's been a long time. You found a girl. You finish an hour mission. Now I can't secure my family. That's right. You're a master for the. Cut the hell. We're probably a man. I was gone. I'm going to hold him. You better get the credit for candidates to murder. That's great. That's great. You got a baby. So there's a guy who's going to have a lot of time on his. He's around that. That's what budget was a mission paper 15, 250, 50, 50, 60,000. They're going to be there with a one. Those papers. They're going to stick it right in your act. I mean, don't go for gold. They don't want to set. Pretend to be a book. That's that's the deal. That's the best offer we can make it. If those. It's really. Because the one has got to make a picture of him. That's. That fake penis. Go down. Oh, god. You have no idea. I had a joke. I mean, you're close. It's normal. I don't see it. There's another allegedly in Boston. Hello. Oh, yes, sir. Hey, you know, I just want to do a tattoo. Actually, that's all in the lips. So if you birthday the other day. Yeah. And happy birthday. Happy birthday. No, it's not birthday someday. Sunday. Sunday. Sunday. November 5th. Anyway. As a work. I just moved back in my own. I can't get your show. I want to regular basis anymore. There's always the internet. I'm really glad to host that out. Okay. Well, some say how to Jerry Williams. Okay. Here. Just 10. How to go. Thank you. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 5. 5. 6. 6. 5. 9. 4. 6. 5. 7. 6. 5. 6. 7. 7. 6. 6. 7. 6. enterprise, probably even you can't keep a straight face with that. Free enterprise, like the big oil corporations with the big pharmaceutical companies. That guy's going to be so pissed off, I would be that article again about Bush's Coney Drain Texas, who made sure that the generic drug for Cymidon couldn't get on the market there. They kept it off as long as possible because they were showing all the big money in this guy's pocket. Yeah, they're for the little guy. That's right, the Republican Party is for the little guy. Yeah, there's a little one for this guy ought to be doing a stand-up comedy routine. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, palm, five, sixty on the AP and P and provides a wireless line. See, one thing, why the one should be honest, okay, all the care about is your shop, you're a hit-provided when you come back and that's fine. You're free to be a hit-provided when you come up for the bigoted one again, buy or something, gun, squeeze and come back, feed us love and that's fine. But at least a minute, still come on a guy named show here, think this is the loud ass limbo show, and you're going to spew a bunch of those other garbage that they get away with all these other shows, all the convicted felons now, all those good, good loyal Americans, like you go and you're not even out of your north, and that they go away, stay from prisoner to God damn radio show, the nation might fall, and I'm sitting here talking about a bunch of thunderheads in Miami. For a lousy, a paycheck every couple of weeks. Here's a more than higher lea, hello. Every birthday, oh, one for the president. Yeah. Thank you. Okay, ha ha ha. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, palm, five, sixty on the AP and P. Or president of Kulonus is what he meant. He'd be good at liking that little hat on. Looks cute. So then they used to wear the national drug, we didn't show up. Here's Hi, Orea, hello. Hey, Eel. Yes sir. Happy birthday. Thanks. Listen, I'm voting for Gore, I'll only because he's a luxury, the two. You're chronic, you're out here, you're chronic. You can't stand it. Let's get some different people on the phone here, they said they same God damn chronic. This isn't one of the sports shows that we talk of the same six people every day and put people in sleep. God damn it. Even in 100 years I've been doing this in the same brilliant, tired versus that guy, one of the all-time worst. This is a guy who calls himself a chronic. That guy we just had on there. Here's a model and plantation, hello. Hi, good afternoon, Eel. Five, I apologize, I just tuned in, but I want to make a couple of times. It's possible to get the game last night. A random. No, I absolutely beg you to make those buttons like you did a couple of years ago for Brian Murray. This time we need to put Perry picture on the phone. You know, we need to have one of these children, one of these brothers. Yeah, they go, why don't I have to be in button? So I wear that on my wrist to be getting a little shorter. My favorite player is my son Murray. Yeah. Also, I want to comment, I just finished sending my 1000c nails to the organization. If I hear that music blasting in my ear again, I'm giving up my senior, my senior to the singer. I'm sick of it. I'm sick of it. I'm not a funny guy. I don't even mean that. I agree that they finally cut down the volume on the Amy Murphy. Alicia's not so sure, but the rest of the time the music, they have blasting in the point where you can lose your mind. I'm glad to know that it's not just me, because I'm not a fettie that either in our respect to sitting silence in it, but they have a crank and so lot you can lose your ficken mind. I agree, I agree. And then I have one of the final comments, Rick, what's in the album? Okay, I know. Okay, get new phone. He said, Rick Bush. 560560, that's where just the eyes displayed up so we're going to mind like a pinball machine. 560560, pound five 60, on the 18th, and peon Verizon wireless line. As we continue to search for anybody who would like to larger than their thumbnail, are we going to find one. Oh, no. All the chronics, all the drugs. 660560, on the beach. voll crazy laugh, it's morning time. I web that yet and I went to that hot soprano's cl grew up with five last night. The bother thing, although they we named it the satin doll. Oh, are you there, man? I believe it's an ungodly hour. It comes up one. I've been up all night. You want to talk to one of the dancers from the club. Listen to my voice, man. I can barely speak. You want to talk to how, don't. Yeah, talk to him. Oh, wow. I believe you're going to wake up, tipper. And my ass will be glass. Oh, man. It'll be delicious. I'm just calling you to tell you whatever you need, man. I'm all over. I'm going to help you get a white dead man. I'm going to be there for you every step of the way. I believe you should stay far away. And don't. I repeat. Don't help me. Put yourself in a rock box and throw away the key. You're crazy, man. I know you're up my health. You're just too proud to ask for it. I got the party favors all on top. We'll give way though. The electronic jiggle monkeys for women. You know, if I pay it forward, I'll do you favor. You do me a favor. We pay it forward, man. I'll be right. If you were to give away a jiggle monkey, to a woman, I would not get elected. And you should put the jiggle monkeys in a rock box and forget them. Oh, man. You're just too proud to ask. I'll get this hoochie here with me. Welcome out there. I'll even get Hillary. You're right. A speech for you. She'll help you. She'll write it, man. I believe you should stay away. Come again. Not you. Stay away. All right. I'll swing my and pick you up in about 40 minutes. Stay away. All right. I'll see you in an hour. If you don't stay away, I will murder you. Come on. Come on. Honey, five your parents. Go on the road. We'll see a little bit there. Please. Stay away. Some 40, 45, 60. Don't think you're a men with tourists. Those lovely. 5, 6, 0, 0, 5, 60, 35, 60, R, 8, 10, 10, R, and R. I'll get him closer, baby. You can almost smell him. He's the entry-als. Here's a mobile info. He's the one who's going to do a set. Why are you mentioning a helicopter? I've already been from years ago. I'm going to do your apartment. Yeah, sure. You're from the same day. And it just me, like with the Jimmy Cruz and the U.E. Bell, He was a fan of them. Yeah. I was just, I used the words of a woman. My favorite horse was given by any car. That's horse I ever saw a patient. Remember who was? Well, what do you mean? It's the best horse that you ever saw. That's not the eye of a horse. Yeah, but it's good enough that he won't. I've got a bread hand over at night, and I trust him can tell us. So I'm sure that the horse of the life seems a better than the one you talking about. Well, I will tell you what it is, and then you can do it. Can you just come, right? Can you just come? I don't know. I don't know. Not to your spot. We're here. He's not the greatest horse that I've ever raised, but he was good. He was great. That was our job. Yeah. I saw him a lot in the office recently. I mean, he made a fan out of me. Yeah. Well, say how to work. Cut boy too, I'll do that. And have a great day. See you at 7 down. See the session in New York. See everybody from New York thinks the whole world is from New York. I've been to New York. I've been to Roosevelt in the office back in the day when it was Roosevelt. When York was in the toilet, but those are those long, long gone times. And I see, we've got his robot on again. All right. Now just keep it on. Just flip it that suit on and keep that on. Because otherwise you'll forget about it. And then too soon you'll have like a brain fight. You'll forget all about it. Just keep that thing on. Keep it glued to you. Man, I'm worried about him. He knows how he is. Five six seven. Four five six. Five six. Five six seven. Five six. Five six. And pound five six. The only eight. And the world famous for rising water. But forget about best in the old season. Concette. There were all your specs. Locations all over town. Including Naples and Fort Myers. You can go to newwatchers.com or double QA and dot kind. And get the best in the new season. You can set the key change in T-shirts. Or you can call me girls extension. At 205. 650. And get your. Stop. For prime parent. Don't forget all shipping and handling. This should be donated by Pac-Meow Senator Merke. 955 North Navajo Road in Plantation. And also, reminded that purple. People need a purple pair of country. Spring water. If you're a water. WQM outside this room. The variable. All. All. All. Outside this room. Why are you chirping about that? Never heard from our candid. The water. The icy blue amount. What if it. You're not going to be a water. I say it's glacial water. Yeah. We've got what it was. I say, do you wish you want to. We do it in water. We do it in water. So that we have plenty of water for the year. It's always good to stir up on water. Especially when you live in South Florida. Always good to stir up. That's right. Making. Because we hear a lot of hookman people out there. They're all pissed off. They're hookman. Here's Hollywood. Hello. How are you? Oh, I'm just. Okay. I was talking to you. Here's Kendall. Hello. Kendall. Yes. Good afternoon. Yes. I really can make a comment. I don't work for anybody because they're really done clear. Okay. Thank you. Here's a mobile and four waterdale. Right? Yes, sir. Yeah. Yeah. First time call it. Right. I'm sure. I go back to the guy that called in and did the exact initial testing. Uh-huh. Yeah. People say to far that a grab this guy is not doing that anymore. Uh-huh. Yeah. I mean, why are we blaming the government for putting this down a welfare amount? He just needs to go out and find out a lot of work. Yeah. What do you think about that? Thanks for being all heard. Okay. Thanks for caring so much. Just send you a very, your worst event. Or is that one dress that went from sending you event them? Being so unkilling about somebody else. I mean, the guy was pulling a job. They had jobs. This was a legitimate line of work. If not, if he was stealing tires off a hot cap off cars that threw in the morning, the guy had a legitimate line of work. And because the governor believes that we shouldn't have any inspections though, which I also don't care for the other. There was just a scandal that didn't talk so well. But they should have expanded the inspection and had real inspections here. And then this guy had a lot of other people who were going to go back to work. But you have Bush of course probably no, that the guy was in New York, or earlier in the first person said, no, let's cut the crap. Here's a mobile and cool give us hello. Hello. Yes sir. Well, George Bush, we're your air. Ah, well, you give it a rest, Julio. I'm so like I said, and not for the same for a versus, but your damn Julio by wearing stuff, grow and go back to bed with your Batista blow up the off and get out of my face. So, okay, Julio, same old pair cap. And if you're a British with the next Tuesday, I'll be here on Wednesday and Thursday and Friday and life will go on. Okay, that's not going to change my life that much. And I'll still be here and you're still be less than and you'll still be out here trying to squeeze whatever you used to be there between your legs. You can't find it no more who will. Squeeze the cheese. Here's a mobile and rest time. Hello. Hey, I hear that buddy. Okay, buddy. I'll be listening to you guys all the other boys with Bush crap and the other boys with his wife, is with real off-claiming and golf. And he's a good idea so much for America. I'll see any of our brothers who walk around, I'll rest on and we'll prepare a lot of these they like this. We're in a so good, they think it's a pleasure to train on oversight. We're in a time called with Gallup and Pentech with chin and dish. But if you do, we can't talk about that. I might have gone out and buy our alleys, you've got an admissions, they're my allies. We're all the same, go on out. I don't think so. I don't think so. Just just you and you. Okay, I said that Bush doesn't look pretty good. 560, 505, 60, Pentech and Pentech and Verizon Wireless Line. Out of town line, 877, 775, 622, Pentech and Pentech. But now is that just the one day thing you've determined it's only on Wednesdays that they have that makefully sexual over there or do we know? We'll find out. We'll find out about 10 minutes, that's right. Not that I really care because we didn't maybe pull cars or we can over there and two or three other probably get little on the first place. Like a cragior chronic that called Irribusmonic. Same old, tired routine. God. Here's the mobile and cross brings, huh? Yes, deal. Yes, sir. Kind of a book, should I tell you why? There's one reason the main reason? Yeah. It's because he's for saggy, you saggy, yeah, yeah. Lovely. Five six, seven, guys, another bushing for saggy, that's good. Five six, seven, five, 60, pound, five, 60, what do you say there can be? Oh, that's what I thought it was. On the AT&T and the Verizon Wireless Line. You know, it's how the bushing people have all kind of like boom with that. They're all like, yeah. Yeah, losing it. Here's a mobile and pull water there, hello. Oh, no. Yes, sir. Oh, no. Yes, I am. How you doing? Okay. Pretty hard to follow, uh, I call like that. You know, you can't several of those, that's, uh, you don't understand the interactive to people at Grand Park, you know, where do you refer to do it together? They grab a picture at level. Yeah. You can come to Biggest Thought of it from the little one. All right, listen, I was going to get the tickets through yesterday, it's a band again. I'm so sorry. All right, I just want to go in your thank you for that. It was really nice, you know, um, good, great feet. Thank you. Where the pants, you're better than the pants, you're good than the one you think I have, right? Did you see the other one too? What's your name? The other one, Bush, or the one on the gore. No, the one on Bush is your Bush really dumb by our Frankenstein. No, I haven't seen any of you. No, okay. Thanks a lot to a little bit of a ticket back. Okay, it's like you had a, uh, time. Five, one, I'm not going to say a good time. How do I figure out a good time? Your last night, I'm a, uh, apologetic. Because I got probably with me going to go to the, what a good most ticket. And we destroyed it night of his life. And a lot of other people too, who really want to be fun, and bringing you one, our money back, we're discussing, we're going to say bye bye to the Murrays. Just line up the Murray side by side with pack, I'm a ceramic sandwich and we're going to all, Labour and my, my, my, yeah. In fact, before the game, when they show the starting line up, and then they show the coach and there's TM's picture up there on the screen, the massive brewing, I mean, and this is the four last night's game. You can imagine what's going to happen Saturday night when the Washington crowd are captured here. There is going to be real animosity, and we've got to have a, verify it yourself. What is this? Here's the right thing. Hello. Neil, you just saw my thunder last night's game with horrible. Yeah. How you give up a short hand of go on and then you should stop at the same time. What do you mean give up a short hand of go on and what does that mean? They give up a short hand of go on. Yeah, but it's a short hand of go on. Let's just go and let's just go and hand home. Well, I mean, you have a visual angle anywhere. What is it? What didn't work? I mean, we didn't get it, but it almost even more. I mean, I mean, I just hate like crap, and they had a five on three for the longest day and time and they've got a shot on grip. They've spent the Jordan. That's correct. They were pathetic. Totally embarrassing one win in 11 games. Yeah. I think it's time for the marriage. Time for a change. That's what I'm saying. All right. And closing. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, the pound five, 6, the 108, P and P. They're extra spastic days. It just leaves the discount. These are extra spades today. And we're going to charge. Is there a lady more than Miami? Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I'm undercalling to make a plea to those human Americans or his fanatics that actually have an independent mind. And with the minds and not with the crap that other people cover to work for Gore. That's it. Well, not don't say our Hispanics, because nationwide it's like 70, the pludy his parents are voting for Gore. But if you're here, you're not here in Sanctuary. It's mostly the Cuban-Getrain Spanish or Rotomans Jordi for Gore, but they... Well, I'm Cuban. I'm voting for Gore. God bless you, sweetheart. All right. It's over. It's over. All right. It's two. We've got so far. We had one guy couple days ago. Young, a Cuban guy that's voting for Gore. And there's a lady said there's one of each. One of whom call a man, one of whom call a man. That's probably it. That's probably the Gore contingent. The Georgia folks for Gore, if he could. But Georgia's in the rural area in Hukanto. In addition, we don't have any Palestinians running. Although, Ralph Mader's appearance were Lebanese, one of many. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon, or Leston. Yeah, that rhyme-life night, who's a real-be-enter, to gain not only hawkening with that politics again, but they say, oh, you and George have in some kind of a feud or something? And this is the kind of the enter that I have to deal with there at the game. You know, a real-be-enter. Grouping-enter. And I said, no, what do you mean by that? So, wow, I hope you're saying it's anti-Semitic. I said, well, that doesn't mean we'll have enough feud just because the enter is a myth. He is. Oh, yeah, he is. And here's a guy that, you know, a Jewish guy with a loaded with cash and was voting for Bush, who the hell is he talking about being Jewish? What does that mean? Here's no anymore about being Jewish than Ben Stein, or Jewel Uglomeran. 255-56, he WK, where he is another brand. You know, this brand, like, you know, this, like, you're a clone of shame, brand down there in salesman. He is the anti-Christ. We're going to have to run a massive campaign to try to produce ass on the fire and get him to your with it. 4-4-0-56, WKM-I, heavy for loaded out of measly broadcasts. WKM.com, with a world of salons and salons and salons. And now, on the campaign trail with George W. Bush today, America's candidate addresses the unionized workers. That self-caroliner is turbine-town factory, right in the year, in the box. In the box. In the box. I want to be your president. I can relate to the ignorant blue power worker. I'll say that. He's in the network here. Oh, or over the world. Hey, Bush, what are you now about working? I've never worked a day in my entire life. Oh, who are you, man? I'm smoking. I'm smoking. I'm smoking. I'm smoking. I'm smoking. What's the next question? Yo, right. Yes, sir. Yeah, well, you're going to be going to the water. Good question. You're going to have a point. Substitute. Well, I'm going to legalization. No. I'm so excited. I'm so excited. Okay. Yes. You're seeing things, heroin. Probably. I'm with you. And that means, with that a day. With that a day. Not. Now you. What are you going to do to the black man? That's for it. First thing I'd like to do. See me one up close. Not too close. No touching. Perhaps maybe get a lot of what. And I get a lot of what. I totally put thank you very much. We got to go. I got a lot. I'm going to be a man with George W. Watch. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're going to have a lot of fun. And you're having a lot of fun. The差 of 3. A million meter per cars. 1,66560WK AM. And that's dedicated to all those money changes out there are many learned for those Jews for Bush. Yeah. Jews for Bush. Jews for him. Jews for Abraham. 560, 560, 560, 1880, and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Pepper Pine. So, Bill? Yes sir. Yeah. Thank you. All right. I want to mention that we should explore so low to avoid the wind. How we violent it, look at the police, the police. No. Again? No. I want to know what was that. He just hung up the phone and said, I didn't hang up on him. I want to just go to the water. Yeah. People forget about him because nobody cares about him. Okay. And you can keep hawking here, brown and fudge brown and clearance brown. And James Brown. Orlando Brown. Orlando Brown. Orlando Brown. Big daddy, World Brown. James Brown. I said, Jimmy Brown. From natural home and time, it's pointless. Nobody's wrong for her. He's the fudge brown. So, cut the crap. Here's a moment, more wires. Yeah. I'm going to let you up this one. Thank you. Are we on the air to the shower now? I'll let you up. All right. Let's go to the beeswaves. Thank God. I would have left that to the rescue. I think the question. Who do you consider more conservative women or Bush-team women? Who's more conservative? Yeah. We're all right, Wayne. No. I don't see any difference because Bush-team doesn't have any philosophy. You just to figure it in regular life. Oh, great. You just to more articulate figure it. Okay. Now, when you're looking at under four eight years in Bush-team, you're performing a Bush-team in those poems? Was it overturned under? We got to a five-four of all this, what we got. We got down with it. No, not that. It's solid. And if not, that's true. And I was kind of out of you know that. We have learned in words in one verse. The last word is five to four. We need one more clearance, Thomas, and one more conservative judge, and a earlier overturn. Yeah. And in addition to what's happened about the four-terian dollar deficit that we went off in the 12 years under Reagan and Bush-eview, forgotten about that. And the massive unemployment and the Reagan recession are we supposed to over-work that. Well, I've heard of Thomas, and the little down philosophy, the trickle down, that didn't work then in the world work now, but this year, the economy for most of the middle of the lower class America, you see, it's the very rich, cutting the underlings now, in the believe me they're going to get something. And Bush keeps running around. Oh, yeah. Well, my tax cuts for everybody. Right. That 11 cents a day man's going to come in real handy. Didn't learn your lesson the first time. You just go back to, you know, we had 12 years of misery. Let's have another four, maybe eight more years or that. Eight years of prosperity, a little too much for a market ahead of all this. Things are going to go in a little bit too good. And then because this guy calls on a radio show and says, it isn't going to happen. All you women out there don't fear anymore because Bush guy says it's not going to happen. So I give that makes it so. I don't make it so. I feel better. 109 and 560 W to 2. Come on, come on, come on, come on. So, this is the lounge. The jeans to the. Yeah. There. Yeah. I told you, no one else said that. Hi, my name and you have nothing. How can you write them, how can you know that I sell my hair for her? You're breaking up with acion about both words and wanders, or finding yourself so I can't tell you that I'm happy. Huh? Thank you got that. Please. Taken. Ah, sweet fire. Yeah. you would be no cook between five and six. We got 257 votes which applies to you. You went to another college on with Navy. Never went to college 46. When do you win? 31. Do you believe that there is 31 out of two 507? That's 12%. Do you believe that? No. No. That's one out of eight. One out of eight people listening to the show right now. When do you win? Do you believe that? You know how they get there. It's about going. One calls and other. Or any else do you want to say? No, but that's what I'm saying. Do you believe that's legitimate? No. There is no chance. Nobody grows to you, Len. Nobody wants to school or you don't you understand? Tony's a glit, and about four or five other people I've mentioned three of more already. That's for it. When I get those bargains years ago, you could count the number of students at the baseball games you have been baseball on the fingers of one hand and have several big influence over. There is no student body. In fact, that's the field at the school of song or I ain't got no body. At you end. But we, it's the BCS. It's the one you care about that thing. No. It's not screaming. We feel we're all bad about ourselves. I don't know. I mean, I will be your pants. If I'm not going to begin my step, I just don't have a feeling worse about myself. I didn't play. Don't play me. I didn't coach that team. Here's Pamela. I come up. Yeah. I'm happy birthday. Thank you. I think I might have from a little input on this pants. I watched the pants or gang last night. It tears to me that it's early. It's not getting enough. They're putting too much pressure on him. And the total bureau and the total one. The total bureau got an in-kid. The put too much pressure on him. You know, you're talking about the new. The total bureau is safe. For instance, like the heat. They say along the morning. How do you know? Bureau. Yeah. Safe. Say along the morning. Like they try to give him the ball at the time. You need to smud it all over. I'll get started out. Yeah. Spread it. Yeah. I think you're just spread it all. I think somebody already spread it out. Yeah. Idiot. Blackhead. We'll pop up bureau. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, he pound 5, 6, the only 18, P. And Elijah, where was lying? Here's Bokeh. Hello. Hey, how's it going? Okay. Thanks. Yesterday, the kid called you about the Holy Stone with his push down. Yeah, I have it. I said to the seller, you had it. Yeah, I got it. All right. I think it is. Thanks. Yeah. Maybe I'll read that tomorrow. It's not the greatest copy in the world. Well, I think I can send it my way through and read it. I mean, Bush is one of the dumbest people I've ever seen, especially aspiring to higher office in Blackhead, pointed out yesterday. Geoford probably was over the bit bummer. Well, I got that. I mean, right in there in the running, but W of a letter to Geoford, president, he kind of like spit in there. He said, I beg your pardon. Nixon said then I said then, but puts it okay. And that's what he said. Okay. Okay, you got it. He said, okay, you're president. I'm looking about noon. I'm packing up, packing your box, lunch from me in Pat. And I'm getting a lot of here before I'll get in the field. Here's Carl Spreng. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey. My name is Bill Puebett. Anyway, first time Carl, you are pleading for new colors. She says, you know, you hate your comics. And that's one of the reasons why I never call. I know you also hate people that don't call with new stuff. Well, I don't really have anything new, but you are pleading for a call. So I'm answering your plead with another plead. And that is, did you check to detect the new class tonight? But this, um, handicap girl, they're raped? No. No. It happens all the time. You know what I know, nobody knows it. Anybody after I'm pleading, I'm pleading for people out there to look for them. And they may not elect a president who's going to be against abortion unconditionally. People get raped all the time. Mm-hmm. And this is, and they're not just, to me, that's one of the most important issues. They don't care. They're not, don't know, they don't care. They're not interested in the care about unborn people. They don't care about living in people. They don't care. I can't imagine. I can't imagine. I'm just trying to persuade them to target them. Imagine I grew to the best, best, best, best mentality. You don't care. Well, yeah, best for all of your, I just want to call and say hi. You need a new call. And, um, you see, another thing is, you're the reason we call you as somebody. Crying, it's, how many people are praising us a week this fall? I don't know. I'm not, I can't do it too often, but it's a big attack here. I love you, you keep up the good work. Okay, you. Right. See you. Bye. 5, 6, 7, 5, 6, and a lot of people are here with no life. They got plenty of time to hang on and for you. If we're even set to the way, you'd be amazed at how long they're hanging on. You'd be astonished, you know. They're hanging on from now until the end of time to help freezes over, baby. They will hang on, they'll squeeze up the blanket, they'll twist it, they'll crank it. They'll hang on forever for something for free. Here's a mobile info, a lot of deal, huh? Oh, yes, sir. Hi, my name is Long time, this is the 1986. Now, let's 14 years, most people are way better. Yeah, remember, you were, I've been talking about five years. I'm a very certain courier, and I've included a brief about the outcome of this selection. I don't know what to do. I don't know how I married you, can't say my name is the bushyp. I don't understand that. But I'm going to say this, you know. It is called the Apartis Proportion and the EVIDIS Corp. And I'm going to sign my U.S. citizenship. I will be very ashamed to be a citizen with the Apartis Proportion, being that a right or a woman, exactly where I feel about it. It's criminal care. Okay, if I understand it, the bushyp is in about half or two is first term, maybe you're going to take away the woman's rights of both tools, right? I mean, it's just a rumor story, no, right? Yeah, I'm going to take away other rights, why do you want to take that away? And notice we see very, very little of his rights. All the other wives are all are running around, not enough. Are we very, she's very little of, what ever her name is? Okay, what is her name? I mean, what are your name is? Monny Bush. Is it in there? Is it in there? Is it in there? One moment please. Yes, yes. My word, word checking it out. In that time, we have to look that up. We all know Tipper. In fact, remember Tipper, it's a bit you can go and Tyler too. William Henry Harrison and John Tyler. And then of course William Henry Harrison got elected, and he was an old body man, and I've got the money to raise an obligation to speak, and died very shortly in John Tyler there, became president. You didn't know that, didn't you go to the consumer policy? Yeah, how about the campaign slogan for the work campaign? Algor and a Jew and Tipper too. Huh? That's kind of close. I like your one time the other day. I like it. Yeah. You can't find mine. I thought we're a little bit more. There you go. It's a lot of bush. Yeah. And she's like, can't be found. That's fucking good. Yeah, can't find her for a lot of money. Probably like that. She's staying, must she staying right there in the kitchen? Not barefoot and pregnant. No more. She's a little old for that, but barefoot and a crooked upper store. Susan B. Anthony, you should heard out to us, huh? Because we're taking more big giant steps backwards for every group in this country. I was gonna say every minority group or we're not a minority, but don't confuse them with that. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, you know how you doing? Okay, sure. Happy birthday. Thanks. After the nine, isn't it, right? 25, yeah. All right. Hey, listen, you know I want to tell you, you know that way people driving on these highways. You know you don't gain respect when you're alive and you're driving well, guess what? Today I was getting on 990 Father's Stirling. And there was a female procession in the far right lane on 95. And finally, yeah, three people, cutting front of a funeral courtescent, front of a, you know, I'm trying to be a procession. I couldn't believe it. These people were traumatized by all these cars and these trucks had a cut and father and they did in front of the funeral procession because of what they're going to pass enough. You just don't believe it, well, me, I'm just, I mean, I really am amazed at what people will do, you know, to ruin somebody's life. When your dead can't even, you know, you can't even go back to them. No, you know. And then it's going to be, I wanted to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you about your real stomachs. I mean, in the fall, for me, let me see if I'll go on in your village, you know, if you don't want to be a good one, and these people are like, cut loose. If you just don't want to be a good one, but people probably either draw a rich man or yeah. Yeah. We don't know. But I don't know what drivers may know. I mean, how do you get a driver's license? But you get a license that a boxer of cracker jack says no driver's manual in there, just a license. That was awful. And you know what's happening? I wanted to address this. I wish people who spoke cigarettes would take a shot to dirty for their, for their hot-ups by not checking them out to windows. You know, and they're not, and they're not so into the back of companies. I'm sure Bush ain't too happy about that. I was lawsuit. That's why they might put reforms so that they can't do anybody. But, you know, quit so under the back of companies. It says, right there, it's got a big scale on the cross phone. And it says, if you smoke, these, it's going to kill you. And everybody else around you. So it's quit the soon, everybody. No, they don't care. And why do I blame them? Why do I blame them? Roach for poor. What does that mean? Because they don't like push. Uh-huh. Hey, now you have a great birthday. And it's good talking to you. And the first time called, I listen to your old time, I got up and I've got to go up to give you a call. Okay, okay. Okay, sure. Bye, bye, bye. Said bye, bye. 15 seconds to late. Was that a musing? No. No, no, no. I'm pretty old. Pretty still. And the job too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pawn 5, 60. On the AP and team, Verizon, I was fine. I thought maybe we're going to say that we're a vote for good because they don't like a pillow behind them. That might be it. They don't like to be far, well, and they don't like that. They don't like that. Why, but soon, they don't like all those other things. They don't like Gary Bower. They might like Papa Bower, and they might like Ruth Bower. But they're not too crazy about Gary Bower. And it was right when gritty tings shoes hate mongers. Well, we don't go through all of that. And you're really going to sit down. You examine the various groups who have very vex interest in not voting for Bush. And then take a look at these pros and two where this thing is willing and probably will go. You say, hey, you step wondering if the fix is in. Here's Naples. Hello. Yeah, happy recurrence. Thank you. I mean, let's go into it and whether the other in the time deal with their bad idea, under Secretary of Commerce and the Reggae Administration. You basically agree with the deal that's a contractory conservative, and it's the same as the trickle down economics. Yeah, so go down to say, we're stupid, please share that. So we got from this guy's cliche. Yeah, I think ending ending partisan division in Washington and Washington in Washington, and then we got from the same side and big government. And in that, I have it as in the same trade cliches and ours a big pile of duty. That's what it is. No, we're going to keep coming up with it. So people believe it. We have a vision to work for it. But you also says that the tax cuts in the estate tax. A remination is basically fiscal, uh, simulation and data. And I'm a call. Yeah, I know some people are really excited about that. We also says that we are privatized by the resources security. We're not going to be a system of ending a windfall to Wall Street. And the same on the same note, well, we think he's doing it. We're thinking it's all about it. I don't know who's good corporate buddies are Wall Street, about big corporations. That's what he's all about. That's what those all campaign is all about. So if you choose these people with a site, they love to have more stuff back to a company. They love to do well companies. They love paying too much for a gallon of gas. They love paying like five, six, ten times over the issue of pharmaceutical drugs. They love that. It must be the case because that's the reason that they're all calling here just to bust the neighborhood's balls all across your bush people. That's what we've had 90% of it for the last day after day after day. Does it make an impact on us? Oh, just shows you what a bunch of answers were there. Called defending the indefensible. That's what their comment or something to defend the indefensible. Just like that, I thought, I was talking about by an immigrant. That's not talk, that's not talk politics. Nobody's talk, that's not, you know. Certain, again. Just can't control himself. You know, you're selfish, you're loaded with cash. You have a lot of money to charity because it's taxy-backable. You've got to be a little bit of a futurity, you're like a sucker. Sand, free-sademic, the poorable. And leave your memory in the field alone by the way. I'm a tablespoon about how they reminded them of business eating dinner over there and that they restaurant inside the place. They have a nice server, I guess, before we out of here. And he comes over, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. That's probably not him about this stuff, too. Quickly and an overrated groupy-run, get her, I, but play. Go to sure, hopefully, God forgives you and stay the hell away. Let's play with each other. Let's go to the next dude. I was scared, but it took us from, because that's what they say. If you're about to have a heart attack, you need to make sure you call for help. And take aspirin, well, I took the aspirin because I thought I was going to die. But later it turned out that it was only hard-burned, which sometimes can find with gas and fuel relative to the same as a heart attack. So anyway, I took all this aspirin because you're not as a equal to you. But it only upset my stomach worse, making my heart burn worse, and made my ears ring, and I felt cooving, nature's very anxious, actually. And so, where, where I find a native to the emergency room, the doctors, they put me up to all this equipment stuff, and then they decided, nope, not hard to attack, it's just a smartphone, right? So they gave me an answer for it, and then they gave me some probabilistic, also, and some adamants for the anxiety, and some non-askers, you know, with coding for the stomach and head pain, you know, suffering. And I'll hold a vent and it up cost me about 800 bucks, and I missed a whole day of work. So anyway, the next time that I have heartburn, I'll be reaching for these. This is called hypnosis. They were uncompressed. I probably wouldn't want to play that, and so Michael, it's the wrong flame. It was just the wrong disc that I have in there. I don't get it, what are all of that come from? Well, that's what happens when you don't have the QC. I must have written down the wrong numbers, because that makes suck. 560, 560, pound, 560 on the AP, it did, it blew, it blew, it blew the booze. You know that, maybe it just cut up the wrong number. That's our high place to equipment we have in here. Here's sounds Miami, hello. Yes sir. Thank you. Okay. I'm just thinking about the 11 times. Yeah. Okay, I understand what you're saying. Okay. So you people are a lot of call here in Stauberdick with a stock in your purse. Not interested. Why are we that long? The first two seconds you should have been history. 560, pound, 560, pound, 560, as we continue talking to answer was just one after another. The answer per a never ends. What? I'm not even going to dignify that with a response. Okay. No comment. Here's a mobile info letter there, hello. He's just trying to pass it on. Oh, nice. Here's a mobile West pond, hello. Hello, New York. Yes. Yeah. I'm actually at work in the campaign here, but in Goal River inside. I don't see any entity, bumper stickers, anything. I mean, I'm not going to say, there's not enthusiasm for either one of these candidates. I mean, it's very obvious that the people are much to embarrassed to attorneys. They're expensive out of the office. They're cheap, but a couple of jumpers. They want to put a better thing on the car because they don't, they just don't order strong enough about it. Well, I think they're right. That's sad too. What I want to say is that the choice is so poor. And we have two such a module candidates. That's what's in. All right. Well, I agree. But I do think that Goal is by far the left or two. We have that's correct. And I said to give you the idea of the what the Bush supporters are up to. I've been putting up science for the last week, off an almond. I had time. Technically, everyone I put up has been torn down. Yeah, sure. But if you're getting a game, they play on the internet. Every time you try to take a poll here, or the nation while you're in a poor, little bit of a sin, they start emailing all their answer, but they start coming in at the crazy people. Yeah, good. And I try it for people who are inexplicably still undecided or if they're leading for Bush. Yeah. I would really hope that they would check out their website called realchange.org. And it's a non-partisan website. It's called Goal's, it says, lies and exaggerations when it lists all of Bush's lies and exaggeration and his record in Texas. Right. And it's very eye-opening. And if it gets far back, it's just that a national guard service, not that, which I guess a lot of people don't think is relevant. I've been to that. It literally lists the things that he did as a governor of Texas. And I mean, there's the sources there there. It's bear-fiable. You know, it's for real. It's not from part of anything. So if anybody is still trying to decide, check out realchange.org, the skeleton closet. And you'll feed for yourself. My life is guy, it's really about. Okay, thanks. All right. See you. Now let's see. Here's a function for miners. This is, I know you make this West Coast folks out to be bad guys, but we do love you over here. Just don't know what to do. The structure from the water's in the convenience, but we need you to go back from the water too. Now those solar-time, one or two sort over here, do some pecker outfit. Whatever that, how that means. We had a suffer through yesterday. Little by little, they're pushing you away from us and I resented. I want you to listen. One listen to you and they're showing us that they pretty much intended to wear the new Rogers and the West Coast. We during a program, feel a loss that you are slipping away from us. And y'all y'all y'all. Please advise, we don't want to lose you. Or am I going to tell you, what a welcome advice can I give you? They don't give a crap about what I say. They just just sit there by in the make-believe station over there with the Phantom skeleton staff. Make the lead equipment just like we have over here and pretending to be broadcasters. And that's why they're stuck. It's in the toilet a little bit under eight, about seven, some sixteenths, fractions. They're in the crapper because they're actual anybody. Anybody has to do a turn on that thing over there and see the garbage that they put on me will take the boost. Y'all the gin garbage out. They're on different things that way, and they made some money with it. That's the difference. Here's a mobile and time book pie and cello. Oh, yes sir. Yeah. Yes. How you doing? Have you both, I think. First time call it, screw politics. We need a hockey coach. Yeah. What if they want to do this? I think that even got to look at this and get rid of our beautiful bread of it. I think it's really cool. I think another one or two washers, and I think you're going to see them both the real and out of the other time. You can't take it all like real and out of the air, that's not going to be up or in through that. I think you need the islanders. And it's power-shanked the washers look better than our whole thing. Well, they didn't really play our good either one of them. I've spent a lot of time in the penalty box, but I mean, no, the team looked horrible and they just aren't playing for the sky. And the changes have to be made. And it just is a lack of power. I keep telling people that all the time, you can't have a team with two or three guys, and everybody else is marginal for non-existent. They got a great amount of money. Too many floaters are not team. Too many guys are not productive. I don't want to mention Robbie and Phil on those drives again, but they just held on to some of these gifts too long, and they're not productive. Definitely. Especially the smaller ones. I just said that. Yeah, it's because the captain got the teams and the greatest. Yeah, he can do it all. Hot sentence, Robbie, but in him, he puts your way in his own place. He throws a right in the film. That's right. Well, good luck. I just want to be doing it coaching. Think that better. I'm rooting for the cats, so I'm saying that, because I think that will put us right over the edge. I think that will get the movies on the bus. I agree with you. Okay. You have a good birthday. Thanks. Yeah, if that's what it takes, say, by barbed by the military boys, because they really screwed this one up big time. I mean, we've got to disaster out there. I just, it's tragic. And yeah, and yeah, you look at the NPC. That's what the wins are going to have to bottom line. That's how he cares about. One win in the Logan Games, nobody in the stands. And he's not going to be too patient or bald because he's already trying to bail out. And what's always you going to have to sell if he's got a real turkey on the sand. He's got to bring in somebody with a brain to continue to sting along. And bring in some goddamn towel, the support group. Not just brewery and what me in Whitney and brewery. And we're going to a longer record playing great. But other than that, you can't complain about the hockey, the hockey base will fan down here because it isn't any. So you got to win some games and nobody's going to be in that joint. Twenty two before two, if I've 60 W to Q and five. About it, lay down on the side. Two slow hours of the hottest talk on radio, but Dr. Be a hand. My doctor, this girl, my name is Mary Ann, I'm a third-time collar. Come on, Mary, and how may I help you? Well, I found that I wanted my son to help you. Then we've got to play with him. You should be concerned. Are you an masturbating? No. How is that called? Man masturbating, calling me in a couple of weeks. It will have trust in him. Hello, you're on the air with Dr. Viska. Hi, Dr. Viska. Yes it is. Yes, Mary, I caught your wild goal. I ate with him in some financial problems with my business. It was about to go on there. And how I think is going now, the business. I just got to tell you, you know, I started masturbating and business is going great. It's really picking up. I just want to thank you. To reflect, you keep masturbating things will go well. Hello, you're on the air. Dr. Bisco, we eat it new. Okay, over on the West Coast, I believe you started tomorrow. I'm 142 at 5.50, it was a QA and 5.60, 10.50, 5.50, on the 18.10, for Ryan's on the last one. Here we are, just five days away from the D-bay. And we've had the worst collection of risks today that I can recall in the long time. I mean, the rest of the weeks, it has been exactly great to say the best. But today, I think we really hit the crack of the eject part. Here's a couple of rage, hello. Yeah, you know, I think I think a version of the global D-bay and this conspiracy. No, global Zionism conspiracy, yeah. I love to hear all white people. Oh, okay, great. We'll be right out of Syria. 5.60, about 5.60, palm 5.60, on the 18.10 and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, Neil? Yes, sir. Yeah, did you, I, you were at the hockey game, but we're very, finally got into it the last few nights. And he had Jesse Jackson and Falwell on last night. Yeah. And for those people that think that bushes away from Falwell were them, Jackson finally got to do it to declare that he would, that Falwell would love seven Scalia on the Supreme Court. Yeah. And how he thinks how wonderful that bushes and how he's going to win and those people are way behind. They're salivating, that's what they're doing. This is very, quite back, yeah. Yeah. Did you didn't see a Marla Thomas this morning? I know that I had a call about it though. You did. Good for Marla. Thank God for her. Yeah, try. Thanks for the good news. Thanks, yeah. And then of course tonight Larry's got Ross Pimo who's going to come on in. There's somebody who's going to go to the North North. No. I'll tell you if he puts that little clip on the night in the English, there's because they're both from Texas, their Kiss and Cousin from Texas. To put Pimo on here in the Kiss and bushes, that's going to be really disgusting. That's going to be really disgusting. That's going to be really disgusting. That's going to be really disgusting. That's going to be really, really wouldn't surprise me. I mean, after all, why should I suck anybody? He allowed them to use his program time and time and time and time and time and time and what he put him on, like 175 times years ago. He was just programmed to bring watch the public with his world of persuasion, do do do when he's good enough in general, the relationship of Kaka. Make him no sense whatsoever. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, man. Yes sir. Hey, you know how you doing. Okay. I'm sorry. This caught the lack of hours or so. But this thought doesn't actually let's say a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a, a a, a, 這 is where I, about 1000 shots, right? Ryan researched, he said this is the company's favorite water까 is this is here where I utilize such, a set of colors. You remember son I was 15 to 30, but not I. Okay, I. Probably, Viv� I. Yes, would remember, meaning, Yeah, they really tune. It's just like a ton of, I don't know what it is, so really like people question one of them or they just don't have a brain or maybe it's maybe they put something in the water I know we have a lot of dumb people out there, so you know an epidemic from coast to coast but maybe they put something in the water could be. I have no idea that it is any of them. I mean, because what it is, is the method you let it send in to not only everybody around them to the hybrid brains, and to the world is back. Yeah, but whoever said the American lecture had a brain, who ever said that? Well, that's true, but you know, I also know all these commentators on there again. They talked mostly about, you know, who looked the most comfortable, who looked the most nervous and, but I've got a little bit to aggressive and he walked over doing the debate and I've discussed what that was. And you know, all these cosmetic stupidity out of things as opposed to, you know, whether they're coming from and who are the people who are behind them. Right. Well, I would hope with all the other clean-up with newer generations that are coming up. I would be hoping that they're not acceptable to swallowing the film or the assets and perpetrator on the older generations through, you know, the people from the 6th. But no, no, they should say that. You think that the younger people are more politically sophisticated? Well, you're dreaming. Well, I'm not going to have that opportunity, but I think they have the ability to see parts of the FBF. No, actually not. Absolutely, positively not. You don't focus on that. They're in Lala land. And only, say, again, 25% of the 18 to 23 euros that MPD per 25% could be even more candidates to present. Right. Well, you know, I've done that. Then it's just that commentary that, you know, the corporate market plan is going to continue. Whether the game plan is equipped with public ignorant, they're doing a magnificent job of a bet. That's the American game plan. Keep the shpartures as dumb as can be. Keep them in the ghetto. Keep the people on under the thumb of the federal government. Keep them as stupid on informed on educated and let your special interest run the show. And no matter which one, when the special interest will still run the show, but it's a matter of degree and of course, it's wish win, then it's a fact you're in a blind check. So, all the things that are repubnant and repulsors to me and a lot of other people, but to me in particular, run. 560, 5060, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's another one, much time, hello. Oh, you're doing. Okay, sure. And the abortion issue, fans have had some kind of post to me before it was legal. So, became legal in 74. I did have a number of my family. I have to slide a photo repo to have a procedure done. I went in better get their abortion gear and go to the border before they lose the rights that they have. And on a five note, the guy that called before, told me that the mouth about the funeral procession on our 95, almost truly the Jackie Atswiding the trail and the funeral procession last week. As I was getting on our 95, the 35 miles an hour and they're going to procession at 30. And I told them he was number one, but I call them how it was controlled about it. Let's see what the situation is. We're going to go mad at how there's a profession on 95 and the supervisor is out of control to all the families. If you see them on 95, you get the name of the motor plate and the name of the motorcycle company doing the escort and reported into the highest control. So, what are the audits you to legal for that to be on an interstate? Yes, it is. The guy's already dead. What's the word of the area? Why do they have to do it? Why do they have to do it? Why do they have to do it? I'm not going to mind one way or the other. He can wait a little bit longer. What's the one traffic light? That's right. So, people are not far away from us. Next time you see one drive the ranch off the road, they won't be doing it again. Actually, they'll never kill the guy on the net. And how about that? Yeah, that's right. Maybe they can make it a two-for-one special. There you go. There you go. And close and read my lips. Vote for. Okay. Take it off. Thanks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60. On the ranch, somebody say vote for me. Go into this and you assume we have almost all bush people. Almost all few disuggers. You know, just like when we try to take a poll on here. Which you notice, I don't waste my time doing that anymore because you can't do it. Because they all voted up there with a bushcraft. They get on their little e-mail. Start to get in people, holding on up for a second and those in the phone. You can never have heard a mebo on a with the show is. They're in their rabbit. And these are the same right. When you're there, everybody was terrified of eight years ago. And scared crap was up four years ago. And Peppy can't get up there and made that. A off hit were like speech of their convention. And now all of a sudden everybody just thinks they're like, Those people all went away. They have nothing to do with any of this. Guess what? Well, wrong. They're just waiting for you to end the helping hand. Can be forward to here's the Gallup by tracking poll today. 48 to 43 for Bush. She's an English-ingered poll. Four points, five points, whatever it is. I just don't see unless there's some dramatic change over the weekend. Even when they are made to vote the fact that in there, even assuming that the law of those come back, I just don't see it. Looks like you went for four years of Bush. Bush. Of course, can have a good structure. Face down more. Face down I got my fingers and toes crossed. Oh, you say you said with such tremendous excitement and enthusiasm, I almost like you might believe it. Works with the Yankees. Yeah. I got no score. He ain't the Yankees. 2425, 60 WKM, because he looks like Bernie Williams. No. No. Is it like they're a G.D.? No. Maybe if we pick up the handle of the band, show what George David is. That might give him some respect. I know that the guard even loves New York. But Bush, two years of pizza. Yeah. Bush, two years of pizza. Yeah. So it's Bush, two years of pizza. So it's Bush, one guy become a gay dog golgi. $1.1frei for this. He's only 12, but Pete will go 1, I'm free. It's a damages to beer. We're looking at sl and it's still working. Tuuhingally, there. That's Steve. I'm just trying to get the pizza. I'm just trying to get the pizza. I'm just trying to get the pizza. I'm just trying to get the pizza. I'm just trying to get the pizza. I'm just trying to get the pizza. 155 to 5 quickly that it comes. Somebody said they abortion pizza propaganda under our door. What was that? A calendar or something? Just one of those cards. Just a sign. Yeah. It's something that Robert Grew is already gone and home in Joe Rose. Little by little gone. So we took a jelly and ate that. We thought he had to get it all in. So couldn't have been in one of them. So we got some other trigger to whip pile in here. You're going to have to do it. You haven't had to do what was. Could be John Jarris. He's a bush guy. John Jarris is a bush guy. I know. Wow. Mine's just something that Martin Luther Crum once told me. He said, never trust a boy. Anyway, here's a thanks from Jim Walsh. We've had tremendously here on this program. So thanks in the set of him. So he says, if you could be near another favor. I know he's not your favorite person but Joe, do you know him? And we'll be able to get out of the world tomorrow. If you can help any answer of course he is. No. No. I'm here in this up before I would tell up that bush thing he's got in there. I'm not promoting any. Without the respect Jim asked me anything else. Do not ask me to promote anything involved with two liberators. He's absolutely positively. Oh, no. He makes my skin calm. He is positively the most grotesque. The most wiggly, the most embarrassing piece of turd. He is just in his nausea. He really is. I can't find a word to describe him. Slum. Slumio. Schmindrich. Never. That's a word. Never. Here's a never. He just locate him and the word that he has. You know what that word is? Well, look it up. Here's a lady never in my alley hello. Lady never. A lot. Yes man. Good afternoon, me all. Yes man. First of all, I'd like to thank you for asking me where you're talking about. Don't be scared. Do you have a little bit of secret that says go and give them a. Wow. And I'm a little scared. Excuse me. I said you must be the one. It's not that stavably. Don't you know that he published it is a day anyway. You're saying the girl is a little bit of a. You're going to see for running my amyja house. That's what the secret. Well, brown County, they don't have my guess they're afraid to put them on. I guess so. And you're asking for talking about people driving in the. That's a secret. You're certain that you're going to put. Take over the power. Well, they're going to be more. Thank you. I need to talk around. We have a lovely. Welcome.