Sports Radio 560WCAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rogers show. We're talking about the Neil called 560560 Cold Free for David Broward, or Pound 560 on your cell phone. The audience of Neil is guest, Paul Erzert. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WCQA and easily read acquisitions for the measly broadcast booth? Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 560QAAM. I swear we're so sorry. James is Rodman. He goes knocking over the TV, he's using green. He's so sorry. James is Rodman. But the pan needs time with heavy and twisted your eyes and things. A spill jack sick, not the point, ladies. He said your baby's a deep, but not dressing cool to teeth. He has to feel it by wearing something on their teeth, but you're going to call. We're talking just, you can see his basketball. You look pretty tired, it's pretty tired. You're a chair, I didn't put all that on my mind. You look pretty tired, it's pretty tired. You're a chair, I didn't put all that on. That is not much to think about for me all to go. Thank you. You're my rule of the town. That is happening for me to take it on our own. I'll take it off the side, and then let's take it down. I'm on my way home. You're a good girl. You're a good girl. You're a good girl. You're a good girl. I'm on my way home. You're a good boy, darling. They started, we're standing there, we're in touch all the time. I'm on my way home. You're a good boy, we're in touch all the time. Okay, so this is a marriage. setting up. You're a couple of weeks ago. to that morning show of ours on a way in and I have the white is that was the last time I turned him on to the car. Oh boy, he can't even rebound, what are we bound around, what can he rebound? Dallas Maverick's gave up on their biggest drawing card when they were releasing him hours after he langed out again against owner in waiting mark Cuban. He was ejected twice with the rockets just bed in once and find $13,500. He's a skumbag. He's a disgusting subhuman piece of crap. But nevertheless, they'll confuse the sports nerds with that and I'm discovering from our pull yesterday from the results I have in my hand right now. The sports nerds, they just don't get it. We asked yesterday should Dan Moreno retire sign with the Minnesota Vikings or plan other year with the dolphins. We had 692 respondents far away, our biggest response to the course you'd expect that because I mean this is a lot more important than done control things like that. Huh? Of course it is. Well, no, I asked for a thousand boats. We got 692 and the thing was down from about 330 did not. Why is that? Yeah, we lost a lot of boats. I was broken for 6 hours. So, what anyway, we had 692 boats. 3602 said that he should retire was just 52.3% just over 52%. Said Danny, retire. 36.1% that's 250 people said he should sign with the Minnesota Vikings. And 80 people only 11.5% said another year for the dolphins, which of course is ridiculous because the dolphins want to back? No, no. In spite of what anybody is lying about these days. They don't want to back. Who they? No. But the thing that's shocking to me is that just almost 50% think that he ought to continue playing somewhere. Shocking astonishing. They're in denial. There would clear a patch of baby. Where are they? Oh, they're in denial. Man, that is astonishing to me. Almost as astonishing as this. I find his literature that I had sit around in the car that I hadn't thrown out yet. And I'm really glad I didn't throw it out yet. It's the prospectus for the class A common stock of Beasley Broadcast Group Inc. Today on the program of beginning the first and a 700-part series of why not to buy Beasley Broadcasting stock. We're only going to be covering this four hours a day for the next 45,000 days. No, seriously. I'm looking at on page 50 to this prospectus. Remember that show family affair? That's what this is all about. Principal stockholders and somebody was telling me just in the last 24 hours that people at invest aren't too crazy about companies where like it's incestuous. We're all the stockholders. All the big, I mean, all the people in the family are like, uh, got some kind of a title. You know, they're all the board members and so on. So with kind of an incestuous relationship on you know, I mean, by that. Uh-huh. Kind of like we have around here a queue aim, although they're not all related. They're like kissing cousins, you know, the inner circle jerk. And I see like George G. Beasley's got almost 14 million shares of common class Beas stock in Beasley Broadcasting and Bruce G. Beasley's got one and a half million and Beacare aligned Beasley. She's got her 1.3 million and Brian E. Beasley has got 420,000. And then there are a couple of other guys. One name Mark Fowler who used to be the chairman of the FCC who's got a poultry 10,000 shares of class A stock. So basically it's a family affair. Uh-huh. And when I take a good look at this and when I see that the price that closing yesterday was 12 and a half bucks, it makes me feel real good that I didn't pay any of this stock. And then when I find out this morning from George that we have somebody at hand a building at a moment, she named because I'm sure he needs the job. Somebody in the building who's old like over two grand. So you know I'm choking out in a little piece of potato. Oh god, where did that come from? Where's the name of that place? Don't say it. Anyway, oh seriously I'm choking on that and that's got punishing me because we had a huge meal at the macaroni grill last night. Nice to see my good buddy JP. That information, no JP, the flyers treated Michael Renberg to his Phoenix. That was correct, but not for Keith Kitchuk for Rick Tocker. Just a small difference. You're still number one in my book JP. That's for you. Now what time was I just saying? I thought an expense account. Oh yeah about that expense account. For over $2,000 for the company said, well you just go ahead and pay for it yourself and we'll reimburse you right away, which was months and months ago. Did this person ever get reimbursed? And see you have to wonder about that because $22,200 for like most of the people who work around here. That's a pretty good amount of cash. That's a sizable amount of money to put out your own pocket. When the boss man says, oh you just go ahead and fork it out and we'll pay right back. Let me say it again. Did he ever get paid back? No. No. Now I have to raise both of my eyebrows way up in here when I see that a company that's got millions and millions of shares of their own stock here. Which even at 10 bucks a share if I had 1.4 if I had 13 cheeses Christ if I had 14 million shares and it was only 10 bucks a share That comes out to 140 million bucks. Sounds like to me. I think I could squeeze by on that and probably take I would take good care of all the good people in this building all four five of them. If I had that 140 million bucks. So you have to wonder on the one hand see when people are encouraging you to invest in a company that's going to do this and go to the By the way, is our phone system installed yet? No. The new phone system which I told you the three boxes showed up yesterday Is it installed yet? No. Does the office phone in here is that working yet today? No. No. See there's no sense of immediacy. Don't push these people. They don't want to be pushed. Don't you get it Mr. They don't want to be pushed. You're getting pushy and they don't want to be pushed. We'll get his 2300 bucks back when they're good and ready when they feel like it. Just like what mad dog comes in here Expect to get paid for like the last three four six months whatever for doing those shows those great shows that you guys on his station When they're good and ready when they get around with they don't like being pushed. Don't you get it? 9 minutes after 10 on the 550 WQA are pull question today. Of course has to do with affirmative action. We'll get to that in a second I heard some real crap yesterday On his show from people out there who just did don't want to get it affirmative action. The answer is still Absolutely positively all divided affirmative action If you can't compete go shuffle your feet. That's my suggestion to right on out the door Yeah, that's right. That's what the Johnny Cochrane says if you cannot compete go shuffle those feet In the opposite direction because you ain't going to be getting hired No portion of his broadcaster. No Without the express written permission of WQAM if we read acquisition or this case stands for nothing Wilson to another recession of his side lifeless florida Dressed in the easel list this hour guest today. You know, Dressed. What do you have to say about your admirers who are obsessed and Where's she viewing every way and based their intellect and entire existence and your ability to catch a ball? I don't know what I've been told but a big-legged woman. I got no thought. What's your take on over and under and under Of the underwear? I don't know what I've been told but a big-legged woman. I got no no. And what you're take on those rumors lying around that year are take you'll get enough to replace Michael Jordan on those MCIs But and they say you're getting close to sign a dead contract I don't know what I've been told but a big-legged woman. I got no thought. Tell us more about your charitable work For under privileged children help them to improve their mathematics skills through showing them how to properly weigh crack rock Don't know without been told but a big-legged woman and got no thought It'll be back it's more Inside lifeless sport holes. Thank you. I'm looking forward to a 10 15 at 5.60 W to QAM our poll question today on our website on Neorunji's.com is very simple Now we had almost 700 hosts. We had a head that bet you a lot more than that if we wouldn't have been off for six hours because a lot of people do vote in the morning I noticed no sense but today right we had almost 700 And I bet you we get close to our thousand if we can keep the thing going next 24 hours if we don't overload it Do you support a form of interaction yes or no? What an easy question and of course the answer is no I'm not sure so I had a one influence the way you're gonna be voting Do you support a form of interaction? No yes or no no no no Don't do that because then you influence the way you like you want to fix the result Because the stuff that I heard yesterday I can't get over it. I really can't The likes to with some people will go to try to rationalize the fact that they are lazy and they Want to continue to be pampered and look at for a handouts and special treatment the answer. Let me say it again is oh no I say how about a affirmative action for ugly people Short people short people old people People they're howl lip Yeah Handicraft people oh they have it what the handicraft the idea They got some kind of disability act as evidence something like that well screw them too No, I said why should some gimp get a job just because they happen to be unfortunate enough to be gimpy I mean if they can do the job well I say more power to them to salute But other than that no way Jose you go when you're in your compete and if you can't get the job done better Anybody else go go do something else go flip a hamburgers go work for a bow jangle get out of my face Not complex at all These stories these convoluted stories I was getting from this audience yesterday and it's really interesting How when we talk about things of general interest to the community or to the country and people are shooting your kids and all these all of these other things That we don't generally hear from certain minority groups in this community and then all I have to do is mentioned Whether if I mention Ali on we get to you at all it today is the big day in court. Do we want to hear about that? No, no, we don't want to hear about it. I don't care I don't care what the judge says. I don't know I couldn't care less If I never hear that name again, it'll be too soon for me Ali on But if we start talking about that you get the predictive response because like I've told you before Most people are at pigeon hold themselves they're professional F**k fill in the blank whatever that might be and I don't have any patience for that. I'm not have no interest in that So this garbage that we heard yesterday this comparative mystery and misery comparative suffering. Oh, yeah Well, the Jews and the Jews what last time I checked Jews got pretty good jobs. They got an education And they went out there in They lawyers doctors dentist I'm talking about real dentist not only dentist in highly real dentist Broadcast is whatever it is a stock brokers Every group every minority group that has ever come to this country and by the way more recently More recently than some people came here in crates 300 years ago every minority group that's come here suffered tremendous discrimination The Italians the Irish the Jews the polls air me single group the Catholics Religious groups ethnic groups every minority that's ever come here suffered tremendous prejudice and is that overcome enormous hurdles Have they looked for handouts? Oh, have they gotten handouts most of them? Oh no They did it themselves And this this attempt that these colors that were calling in yesterday are dark friends out there And you're out in strata compare themselves with the Jewish people because they can change their name Guess what ugly people can they change the way they look No, only I wish no And you know as well as I do that ugly people don't get hired as quickly as good looking people if you happen to be lucky enough to have been born with the right jeans And maybe wearing the right jeans and you look pretty good You got a much better chance to get in that job and if I happen to be the employer and I choose to and it's my decision to hire that person That's my business don't be telling me I got to hire some ugly bitch If you can compete go shuffle your feet Go beat your meat on the street It'll be a real treat Got a good scene and we go eat Five no seriously I have no patience for this don't try to sum me on a affirmative action crap This what it is and it's been called many times reverse discrimination and you know something that is absolutely correct That's exactly what it is It's trying it's trying to cure one evil by creating another one and it doesn't work it never has worked. It's never gonna work You can try to sell up to me from now until the end of time and can happen What was that what did I just hear through the window oh? I couldn't say it on the soccer. That's what I thought I heard Yeah, what is that? Friendly chat with who who was it one of my good buddies in the radio audience Yeah You have to tag it that's yeah Here's a mobile in Miami hello Hello, yes, are you in a barrel sir? Excuse me are you in a barrel? No, I'm not in a deal because I want to are you on some kind of a speaker phone instrument? I'm not on a speaker phone. So why do you sound like you're in a barrel? You're like you're in a big one I'm coming through a tunnel sir. Oh, it's like the tunnel that I'm black so chat to come through But 200 years of slavery. Yeah, what the white man beat us with? Yeah, just hear us down and tell us down. What do you want us to do man? I mean, what do you want us to do? We don't want some even you got to walk on some points Yeah You're back to give me a jump I gotta give you I gotta give you what White man to find out Black man. I gotta give you what you should give us a deal Every white man to find a black person to take them to do the day take you to the other to slavery What do we actually come over here for that look yourself? But you want to go back? No, I don't want to go back. Why? Why? Why do you complain about that? What are you thinking about? I was born here in the US age. What's out of here? Then what are you talking about? Green Brok. What are you talking about? Green Brok. We're all being here by a screaming hysterical darky friend Screaming and shrieking. He ought to go back in a barrel man 5605050505050 yeah, you ought to give us some I'm giving you nothing. I give you a free dial tone. No charge I give you way too much ear time for somebody acting in a hysterical that I'm not just and grow test because you My angry This is just unbelievable and and you know something right? He was the first call because that's the attitude We owe you something. I don't owe you nothing man. I owe you nothing And this called it that we had yesterday about well the Jews got the reparations for the Holocaust This this guy must be drinking too much grandma balloon or something. What else he talking about? What Jews is it would do he be talking about? Got a handout because the 6 million were killed over in the Holocaust and the hell they did. What does this guy talking? Are the Irish looking for a handout? Are the goddamn Polish looking for a handout? Do you wish lovians the Soviet dissidents whoever the hell we took in here? We you owe us something for crap that happened two three hundred years ago Go get a brain bathing go get an education don't go get a real job and then buy your own goddamn dinner. I'm not buying you no dinner I bought dinner last night for like nine people and all of them were wiped by the way How do you like that two humans Two and a half What do you mean by that you mean though your daughter is half Cuban not what you told me Sabrina says everybody she said no way Jose is what she said on the way out He said that he's a spick but he's still okay I was lying for doing by the way is that okay? Oh, she's just not another day with that oh man horse duty horse duty. I can't deal with this crap We got a brand new phone system here on the floor is it working yet? Oh no see if it's me If I'm a real broadcast company I got somebody in here working around to clock to get this goddamn thing in here. It's that of excuse as well Or was one part miss it yet? There's a part missing around here. It's called a corporate brain That's the part that's missing call up Dr. Frankenstein and get Igor out there on the job get Igor to steal a brain In fact in the steel two one for Greg to fill out a hole where he's always scratching there Man and I also see line 18s to be like maybe a little bit I'm sitting here doing a goddamn hydrated the high paid talk show on another make believe Mickey Mouse horse ball Let me say it again the goddamn beesleys got 72 trillion shares of this stock and what they want to do is everybody Go out there and buy it to make them into billionaires See if they wanted to take care of the people in here not just me, but all of us and be nice You know this is the same principle as for as selling that crap those t-shirts and caps and making a profit on a higher to help around here We go to do that appearance in that dead place. We go Saturday with those dead people Do we have any bumper stick? Oh, and you know the irony the whole thing You know the irony you know we were given out besides the ten caps and those other Things that didn't even have our name on it given out those buttons. You know who paid for those buttons? You yeah, I paid for them Well, we first came here. That's back when we had to know BM buttons and I go to a whole bunch of those new Rogers promotional buttons that made up And we're giving those out We had to get our own TV set our own VCR. I won't set a light dish and my own guy dead buttons button Who's got the button guy? Damn it and we'll be getting our own computer here Great, and that's right and I'm paying for our own computer here so we can do that thing on the internet. I was talking about the other day So I can tell you what I really think of this company on the internet without having to like gild a lily But I have the you know watch my words Because we might offend the FCC and our good friend Mark Fowler who I see is on a board of a measly broadcasting But evidently doesn't have a very good in with the FCC anymore And by the way if you're on the FCC don't hold your breath for that 35 grand is my suggestion to you I think we're collected about the same time as This is expense payment They don't They're bills So you need help And they're value-operating Here's a mobile inform letter Dale. Hello Neil yes, sir. How are you great never better sir? I Totally agree with what you're saying I happen to wish that my people were enslaved so that I can catch a football for 14 million dollars a year Yeah You know that would be the greatest thing to me. Yes, they and if they feel they want to own a Pro football team and get a bunch of investors together like dying King who's so devoted to his people And buy a football team Don't complain to me. Did you still it the Italians do it? Everybody does it to get the dead Very good and these do what is what I'm hearing if it's good enough for all of us. It's good enough for them I'm sick of it complaining how do you like this guy wine and screaming and carrying on give me something by me a dinner I need somebody to give me something already. There you go. I'll see you at vote angles I'm a hitjack. I'm a good out here What do you say is a rabion 26 after 10 at 5 60 WK I'm Robert get out Bill get out. I'm the new owner Okay, Bill as you may know I'm the CEO of Johnson and Johnson pharmaceuticals All right, Johnson and Johnson we have a standard physical exam that we give all the employees could you drop your pants? Okay, oh my what's what if underpants of those free all I'll have to have the light get me a pair First let me ask are all of your testicles in working order? A choice for either are Drop your underpants. What do you say? Oh my that is impressive. All right, Bill. Let's move on to the rectal examination It says here on your charts. You had some problems with a past rectal exam something about the thermometer getting stuck How did you have that remove operation? Ah surgically removed you know Bill our research is a Johnson and Johnson and developed a rectal thermometer that self-heat Should make the exam much more comfortable. I think that was quite an example spent on their part really He's had to wait all the rice bill is you already will begin the insertion is there anything you'll need you have to have some Hold on to you know, oh yes, yes quite like what is just grip the edge of your desk? Okay, oh you want to grip tighter than that and I'll just slide it right in get out of this hole What that get out all right Bill no you need to get angry get out Bill Bill What is it 1232 Jesus this thing's woven along fast 1032 of 2 a.m. and uh Eric just passes me Deutsche Bank Alex Brown's Drew Marcus If you guys can make a call please hang up and try again You can help and then die your operator If you guys can make a call The label on the label The label yeah, why not just pop out again by itself. How do you like that? Just interrupting me baby. That was an active god. You think so interrupting me? Why was about to read this? Deutsche Bank Alex Brown's Drew Marcus today initiated a research coverage of bee-lead broadcast group with a buy investment rating on the shares So for the second day in a world we got guys saying bye bye bye bye bye bye bye I Already up to 12 and three quarters as of a few minutes ago and while on the way toward he says at the end of 12 months 19 bucks a share so I'd hang on a little slide would not if I had any low I hang out of a real tight and squeeze it Final tabulation on our Dan marino pool 700-nade votes 360 eight-settish of retire which is 51.9 percent I cannot believe that only slightly more than half of you believe he ought to retire and the restaurant denial 36.2 percent or 250 seven-settish of time with the Vikings and 83 or 11.7 percent say play another year with the dolphins out of our seven and a eight a very in our pull question today. Do you support affirmative action? Yes or no very simple Here's a call on hialia hello Hey now yes sir Yeah, I'm sorry to tell you but if you're gonna get affirmative action up the Yangyang if gorgeous elected Know you're not When Al Sharpen parts sir, sir, let me say it again know you're not Know you're not affirmative actions on the way out It's almost entirely out anyway and then we've had a Democrat president last eight years so you're barking up the wrong tree sir And I hope you and the Governor Boche have a wonderful time George E. W. Have a riffs norton good time See how these people are so desperate trying to change the subject. We're not talking about Al Gore or George E. W We're talking about affirmative action And why people like that hysterical first color. I think we owe him a dinner or any other goddamn thing 567.0560 pound five 60 on the 18 T line out of timelines open 877 785 6345 Here's Miami. Hello Yes, sir. I mean is not how you do the menu What is it? I mean it's not it's yellow T T 18 not it and O T T 8 T And Okay, I just go I I I'm an African American and I disagree with the road of action Uh-huh. This is why I Look at a country America that stands guard On this planet Against all civil rights and values they go into countries and they help people to say people We've been on veterans since four years. How do we need a lot of middle my job for 31 years Not all of my people are sitting around waiting for a hand out Not all of our people are angry and bitter Because they're well-waiding to hear from some O R and angry and bitter Between yesterday and the first call today. We're hearing a lot of angry bitter people looking for uh We owe them something well I don't really well I can't speak for those people but I don't I don't I know for a fact that not all of my people are looking to hand out Yeah, I think it's a very sad commentary that we live as such a country that's supposed to be a free country The beacon for You just got your tell me that we're the beacon of civil rights all over the world or some crack like that exactly that exactly yeah Why was there ever a need for a from a defaction the from a defaction was created not for black people that necessarily But it was created it was not all it was also not created to give special privileges But it was We gave privileges because if you're human the only you're all in that you're on my age and you can remember long time ago So opportunities that existed day there's so many people Like go back yeah, but not accessible But they are today the art today and I am glad to inform it of action I think a fumigative action is an indictment Against America's supposedly policy Treat their people fairly yeah, you know, and that's all we had to say yes damn we'll ship you to our I got well god bless you you're making some sense. Thank you very much mr Not in hand 56750560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line this phone is really screwed up today. I guess it's probably we're probably against the fact that maybe today might be it's last day All along believe it when I see it. Let's see how this thing is hanging out here that ain't doing too good on that one over there how about line eight Yeah Two and a half years later boys and girls these are the bees ladies these are the same people that would like us to go out and buy their stock and show how much we believe in his company And if they put his phone system and hear that work. Oh, no two and a half years later Not like six months later not lucky year later to do already a talk show a phone system that works For all the pion's around here For all the pion's that are making all of this money to make these people look like real broadcasts and real big shots To make it look like we got some freaking clue Do they have a clue no How about line one? I don't see what happened with this all of a sudden Oh, please tell me this can't be happy Listen the way that things now So so today we got like a bonus not only are the usual couple lines all screwed up because you can see that happen Did you see that happen there? What am I lying three is this thing working or what? Part of the site hard to say give it a shot five six 705 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line here's hallendale Hello, oh real, yeah, top of the morning to you there You know while you was talking what was while I don't mind waiting. Yeah, this operated sick. Please hang up That please hang up and dial the number again. Please hang up now I know what you're going through down there with the lines. How do you like that? I'm not right I was my wife was lamp and I was ready because you don't get a phone like this Look at this. They what that man is going through this incredible how do you like that? Yeah my wife was rampant Let me ask you would you buy stock in a company like this never never not a chance No way how you stop by stock years ago. I made my money and that two three I would have told their stock with your hand Well Three months ago my life is so so a lot of stock we got I made my bundle and I Loose oh yeah, I'm up hang on to its squeeze it tight my friend. Okay. I don't think I was gonna say It was talking about you and you want to hear it again I don't blame it because these are people all well and down here I tried it now we got a norm this Pearl Reek and woman is fine your husband That she wants to take her to Jordan it's all over see and then I'm keeping it too weak now Who you think is back in our up the Pearl region commission from Puerto Rico? Yeah, I'm saying This is America Puerto Rico is a citizen country right here. What the hell is going on here? That this is gonna be like this all the time. What a world this is? I have a good day Neil and good luck to whistle like I Tim said remember what tiny Tim said God bless us all God bless you's right and okay, and don't sneeze okay, what's going on here on this phone? There's something really a really freaky going on here more so than usual Let's see the line checkers get on here just to make sure because I have my doubts five six seven O five 60 pound five 60 on the 18 T line We may be operating with about a turn of a deck today here on the show you turn Is that possible you think Twenty before 11 at five 60 QM Hey asshole, you know them as the staple of MS NBC news and now the long awaited CD is here the Ramsay Sing their favorite stage boy Best Yo Beetle Get this tickets for the flush You know fries won't extra die My best one yet so Ramsey singing their favorite beach boy hit now available from the guilty pleasure records 1045 at 560 WQM 567.0560 we got 600 open lines here at the moment of which might work. I'm not really sure 560 pound 560 on the 18T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello Hello, yes, sir I'm an angry black man and I'm something to say Angry as the black people who continue to live in the past and Don't realize that this is a year 2000. There's no need for a affirmative action if you're the same or better than your peers All it takes is motivation people wake up. You know if you're asking quit looking for a free dinner Get off your ass and if the problem really lies If we're talking about affirmative action, maybe at the university level if the problem lies I'm talking about any level. Well any level Look if there are differences in the economic or social classes If we're talking about a university and the students trying to get in there and they can't it's not because they're they're black Let me say that there let me show it now very quickly that there are a lot more poor white people in America Then there are poor black people. I agree not even a contest We don't have any quotas for poor white people in any college university any school anywhere in America Look if people are You're putting in the same amount of effort and and and and are the same Then they're going to be just that way. I mean we're we're not talking about slavery I hate when people bring in slavery and all this other stuff give me a freaking break. We owe this guy something We don't owe anybody anything. Okay. That would only people are adding that be the reason they refuse to pay Okay, listen have a great day, sir. God bless you 560 560 pound 5 Huh, but then they do they owe everybody the bees please and that's why they got to have this big stock thing So they can pay off all the bills, you know, so they can get out of hot. Come on pay off with it Well, I give it to you 560 How about that 20 under buck? I can watch this name for him. Come on. Oh, well. I give it to you Here's each vote. Hello Yes, sir. How you doing pal? Okay? This may a call because I've motivated For your first caller who mentioned slavery and I didn't ask to be brought slavery and works in chains I don't know stuff like that. Yeah, all these things. Oh, the last time I checked and I was at the Antilles Neville and Antilles Island specifically bone air. They give a nice little tour and they said that the majority of the slaves that were brought there Which served sort of as a clearinghouse We're captured by other African right. That's correct. Well, there you go. Thank you I know you didn't ask to be brought here, but I didn't bring you to your pal And Oh, it's about it just just remember that and let me say it again all of these other immigrant groups that I mentioned before the Irish the Tatians the Polish all the best people to Jews that came here long after all of this slavery and people being brought in in Crates and all this other stuff. I mean how far back do we want to go for crime out loud Correct, specifically might may you don't see the Indians here and on about this the Indians in meantime They're open up casinos and poisoning the white man with the cigarettes to get even with them You know they're doing a smart way making a crap load of money Well, we're naming all streets after show that's right and What might my grandparents and his and their parents they could they come over from Sicily Certainly won't capture by other Italians, but they would throw them away. What they do they bought fishing boats and they may be living that way Right, nice the fish roll stay down Corolla on the chemo over here went in the olive oil Those were that they couldn't refuse and they went fishing and they made they made a living right and Until Friday decided to go out fishing and he don't have to make a living. Okay. God bless you sir God bless us all 567. Oh 560 pound by I sure wish they had the guy damn other phone system here Because I'm really not in the mood for this with a blood sugar or 242 this morning That's really sky high you want to know why it's sky high because we had a great meal at that joint last night Macaroni grill all nine of us It was great it was outstanding and nobody got up there and saying old man River old black magic or what it all was Old man offering oh yeah Well, we had a finally lead because George was drawn pornographic they give you crayons at the table Which was fine for his daughter Sabrina who was drawn nice stuff with her crayons But George of course being the perfect at the table decide to get up and start drawing really Grow test pornographic stuff on the table so we had to get up and leave and I walked real fast as so make sure we left him very far. I don't know who that is. I don't know that little spick Here's a lady in Miami. Hello Yes, man, you know I gotta put myself in the place of a black person and if it's and I'm looking after today I would be so glad that my ancestors were brought over here because over there It's like a mud hole the little more than animals living and slime over there I'm a thrill that There well the guy that was doing all the screaming. He's never even been there So what's he what's he talking about this? I think it's an Alex Haley problem all his Africa crayons Because we have very few people of any color in this country whoever lived in Africa But that you have don't think he the news and see what it's like over there It's their answers You can't throw it over there. They live in over there and that's not a pile Then you spoil your child and you make him into a spoiled little brat and he keeps looking to have something every time he starts Banging his spoon on the table. This is what we've done in this country and the time has come to say I'll guess what no more bang in his spoon. We're not listening anymore. Get your yourself a brain And I think he only and check go back to the dog. Okay, and have a great day He lands on off new quarterback for the offense then Marina retired He owns gonna line up He only on Gonzalez suits up for the ride to the dolphin. Oh And still couldn't do worse than Ajax and Bill game 560 50 50 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line many open lines here today Now many of them don't work in some of mine and some of them don't blame me. Okay. It's the bevelies It's the bevelies this phone system epitomizes the entire company their entire mentality The entire concept of broadcasting of keep casting Whatever you need to do your job. We won't give it to you unless we can get it for free But if it cost any money the answer is no we don't care. We raise ten trillion dollars with a stock offering How many suckers might be out there the answer is still absolutely no Here's Hollywood hello Yes, sir good morning, New Orleans great this is another African American right is not angry and you're want me to buy a dinner No, I don't want you to buy me to be a good one But I bought a whole bunch of people there last night in the times or talk oh, yeah, three I Definitely disagree with any type of affirmative action Yeah, I think when you know when they made the moor chuck to Tallahassee Basically what they're asking the governor of telling the governor is that look if you give us any You know if you give us an uneven playing feel or an even playing feel we we can't compete and I don't agree with that I think What basically the black community needs to do is like I did is you know You have to burn in your brain that basically white America is no more intelligent than you are and I proven it You know what my cell phone police that all they have to do is listen to sure everything Exactly and not only that we need to travel We need to look around in the country friends. There's places in this country where white America is it's living in more poverty than you know They're now a black like you said earlier So you know that's one thing we need to do we need to look at that we need to support each other a little bit more financially A black has I think thank you have somewhere like a gross national product if we would have looked at it as a country It would be the fourth which is country in the world. We don't spend money with gender community It's been it outside the community And we didn't need to open up a little bit more Plain example okay, okay, and the pre-forus. All right, okay. He's praying for us 560 750 550 Prom 560 on the AT&T wireless line our pull question on neorodgers.com Do you support affirmative action? Yes, or no you got it or no? Simple Everybody's got the opinion on that and we could have broken it down. You know, are you Hispanic? Are you female? Are you there are you human You have an IQ bigger than your opinionist than your thumb size than your testicle whatever You don't need to do that Toro against the A or A Here's a mobile in Fort Myers, hello. Hey, how you doing now great? I'd like to Have the black community maybe put a little more energy all this energy that are put into Yeah, all these marches and stuff like you're saying Towards education and positive thinking They forget about the Susan D. Anthony's of this country and the Abraham Lincoln's right Towards my knowledge. I think the king's over in Africa sob them to the white man I don't know yeah, is that true? The kings Whatever they were was that Martin Luther It's possibly there was their own people their own people boxed them up and created them up and sent them over here Sold them Sir Okay, and have a great day anybody know what he's saying? No, he's in Fort Myers 560505050 how about the queens maybe the queens do it? Yeah, let's blame then the queens get blame for everything anyway See let me tell you again before you make up your mind on affirmative action for a Women for black people for his past or any other group do ugly people get affirmative action No, no and you're saying oh well that's ridiculous. It's not ridiculous I'll give you classic example there is that Malcolm I'm always talking about chamar moron Now the young and a hornie on that soap opera there's a light-complexed real good looking young black guy He has no problem getting hired. He's a model. He's an actor. He's he's everywhere you look now and you want to know why because he looks good That's why he might also have a little bit of talent too Well, let's find out That's what I say Let's see if it stands up on end and screams and hollers and Does stupid petrics That's what I say let's see if it can be trained to respond on cue Oh, seriously, there's a classic example. He looks damn good. He got the job so he's black Nobody gives a crap all the other black people on those soap operas They happen to look good some of them are not as light as he some a little bit darker some are like real real dark I mean real dark just like OJ on a cover time magazine and they still got the job And by the way then there's always that god the impeach of crap will Smith Who does he look good? Can he act is he funny anything for crap? No, so what are you complaining about? There's a guy making millions of dollars he hit if you got a search part you couldn't find any talent in his body If you looked in his Breakfast, but I'm still couldn't find any And he's making millions So what the hell is that all this crap all this I all you would dinner? I'll buy a god-din dinner I'll buy some schmittlands. How's that? 567 05 60 pound 560 on the 18T wireless line 4 minutes before 11 a QA Yeah Holester a man made fast holestra approved by the FDA holestra Help you stay fit holestra made destroyer kidney holestra have a strange tape holestra It's so good in greasy snack holestra causes abdominal cramps holestra causes loose tools in holestra causes anal leakage Introducing a new snack with holestra Diolito C C I add it to a great well You can hardly paint the holestra. I got to go to the john Diolito with real holestra you can't just eat one without the runs It's 11.15 60 WQM 567 so there are a lot of people in the building you can't wait for us to get out of here So they can go back to their all sports format and their one and two shares here in good day See those people are so stupid those are not only probably some of the people at botte bogus stock There are also people who don't realize that the reason that they got their job here and that this place is still Above water and floating is because of this goddamn show the enabling show they should change the name of the show not to any Roger show the enabling show The show that enables them to be little sport nerds the other 20 hours a day 567 05 60 pound 560 on a AT and T wireless line As we continue looking for rational reasonable people who aren't looking for a goddamn hand out or special treatment Just because they happen to be short or ugly or disgusting or a little bit too dark Here's a mobile in four-laterdale. Hello Mobile in four-laterdale Hello, yes, sir Yes Yes, yes Hello 567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT and T line Here's Miami. Hello, yes, sir. You know the needle. Yes, okay I'm a dense affirmative action, but it's been around way too long and then a pain in everybody's back I mean, yeah, that's right Let me give you the most ideal example your you know you're connecting affirmative action with education, right? Probably, yeah, that's one thing. Yeah, okay the other day on the Queens of mine Took for child out of school and took her to Tallahassee for that Valley yeah, protests. Oh, right. Here we go this week Is the Florida competency assessment test for children that child's age right and she missed it Uh-huh. Oh, you see what's happening here Good job, and where's it's more important the protest and take to them past the test. That's right I am now the child passed the mustard. Yeah, please That didn't make any sense to me now and those I'm gonna say it again since I'm the only one in this time seems to be pissed off about it Those school teachers that took off and straighted all those kids the last two days those people should be fired already Or right now along with a guy with a bad hair. Yeah. Yeah school system is already bad and When you take the child and take what little advantage they are getting out of it and take it away from where they can even evaluate them, you know right and go up there and where would child have to add fun Go up and have a busman's holiday. Yeah, okay, you'll basically all have a safe place. Oh one thing. Yes Would you play red next for me? Okay. Oh, thank you red next Red next little insist is that we're talking about I don't know well we'll figure it out Or we're just to put a red neck on the air. We'll probably get one pretty soon 567.560 pound 18T align here's Hallendale again hello Hello, yes, sir. Oh, yeah, I'm sitting here watching my TV and I want to issue a question What does that mean you're sitting there watching your TV? Well, I was watching well what I want to issue is why is Bill Clinton's big friend the Reverend Jesse Jackson leading this march up here for a firm in a back shot Bill Clinton's good friend He's everybody's good friend. Now he's still Clinton's real good friend. He's everybody's good friend Yeah, right How's the most abused woman doing up there in the center race Hillary? Oh, brother There you go. There's another good George W guy. I'm glad we got him in the other one on today That's the mentality of your dealer with little little little little 567.560 pound 560 on the 18T wireless line Maybe you can call up Bob Jones and he'll tell you how they're all doing the dry spot Jones the turd Here's Delray Beach, hello Okay, first of all let me say I can't believe that Governor Jeb has done something that I agree with neither, but look like he's done it. I want our gem Thank you, Sandwich on the way out. I want to address this to all your listeners who could possibly be in favor of From a faction both of them. Yeah, he exactly, but hopefully they'll tell a friend. I don't know but to me The people that are that are in favor of it are simply admitting to themselves and the entire world That they're physically emotionally and intellectually inferior. They can't compete. That's it They're they're just that's what they're saying anyone in my opinion anyone that stands up for that Just telling anyone that here's them that they are inferior They are unable to compete. They will lose in a fair fight, right and you know I just can't see how a person could admit that to the world Secondly, it's you know the playing field in my opinion is at worst even And if anything it's probably slightly tilted in their favor, so if they will just simply apply them So they will succeed and that's all I can say. Okay, all right. Thank you so much five six seven oh and by the way speaking of that Speaking of our competing you see the thing with my Hamiltonies daughter boxing I don't know what made me more nauseous the school bus drivers who took off and went to tell Icy and stranded the kid or seeing that on my TV last night You see that old bag in the red outfit that she was fighting. Look like grandma Moses on a bad day No, I didn't she can do this for a while the the box of pathetic just pathetic whatever Whatever women boxing It's been going on for a while pathetic tragic What should the guys get all the money? Couldn't she go into something dignified like roller derby? Man that was just sad Yeah, she and and she's knocking down his oh and I don't even know if she was knocking her down I mean it didn't look like to me she was coming with intent feet of this old bitch and she kept falling down This old bag if you see how to back it saying I fall and I can't get up Boy, what a what a crazy house this place is man out of town island is often 877 785 63 45 Here's a mobile in Cooper City hello Hey, how you doing now, okay, sir? I'm a victim of a firm in a vacuum myself on the 32 year old white male Fly for a job with a corporation major corporation down here and send it my resume and they They called me in for an interview and on the day I went in for the interview. There was myself and four other people sitting in the lobby two of whom were of a black race and two of whom were white And as I went in and interviewed and the guy told me straight to my face. He says I would love to hire you But I really can't at this time because we have a Certain amount of people that we have to hire from different race right now you don't Anybody who's in favor of pro pro or pro affirmative action Why is it that my kids don't get to have food on the table because I'm not black right? I don't understand it. I don't think it's fair and I think that anybody who's in favor of affirmative action is just Like the other caller said it meeting how Interior they really are here is the word. I I say that everybody ought to take a white person out to there And then I how's that a great start evening the plane field have a good luck pound. Thanks I'm sitting on the front porch here down my back 14 she's not on the jet a great set beer never get full All day long at the tractor Plan's all home ever Saturday some when I'm very much Oh slept last night almost I I tell Kate in my opinion for to read damn signs maybe over. I hate damn signs that make me nervous. No shoes, no shirt, no service. I love my idols. They have children, Richard, Eddie, and Big Park, both. The sticker on the bumper is a liberal myth. I think we can shoot here for a critical show there. Oh, right. That's not the one I got on here about just play all the ones that I read in the panel because it's a good day for right next. How about a affirmative action for right next? What do you say? Oh, I'm going to be Yahoo's over there for a minute. And they pulls like the beastly, and for Charlie. What do you say? A affirmative action for right next? 560, 750, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless lens. I mean, just if you think there's any argument about this, just stop and think what I said before. A affirmative action for ugly people. ugly people can change the way they look. They can't go and get born all over again. They can get born again, but not born all over again. And they're stuck with that. And I have to do the best they can't. And take a look at a lot of us ugly people. A good some of us are doing a good fact. I would say most ugly people I know are doing pretty good. It's quite of all these things that we have to overcome. It's quite of this building prejudice that says, I'm that good looking beautiful people with great bodies are somehow more desirable, which I would agree with that. But nevertheless, here's Hialia. Hello. Neil, how are you doing? Pretty good. How do you got your wish? You got a redneck call? All right. You probably heard a Richard Steinberg to get it right from the Harold. Yes, I am. Did you see that article a couple of weeks ago about that representative Bush? No. This guy is a representative of Opalaka. He's not even qualified. I doesn't have the grades, but he's been a count for for six or seven years now. He's been paid by your friend, Superintendent Frond. Uh huh. Yeah, right. Of course, $300,000. Oh, yeah, I did see that. I did read that. I mean, did I do that? Yeah, what was that all about? I mean, you know, I read that article I said. I mean, this is a guy who is by all accounts is totally absolutely 100% unqualified. The gym teacher. I mean, you know, this is ridiculous. I mean, I can't wait to get out of here. I mean, I mean, you know, for somebody and nobody says a word. There was no comment. I mean, would they try to get in touch with Mr. Frond? Yeah. I mean, did you get into weave by saying? Well, he needs one, but he's weave in it. I mean, but again, could you believe that article? No, that was just, well, yeah, being here, I could believe it. Well, I didn't use to it. All right. Well, you got your redneck call. All right. See on the truck. All right, buddy. All right. See on the truck is we get the high, high tail lot of time. Five, six, seven and seeing the proof and the pudding is that the people low care. Just like I said, the thing about the school teachers go off the tell I answer. And I mean, the school, but I keep saying teachers. School bus drivers. And nobody gave a crap. There was no big human cry about that. Had a search in the herald to find that one, the articles are back. It happened again yesterday. And see anything about that. Because the media are scared, she went, let's hear. They don't want to be perceived as being bigoted or whatever or honest, too honest. Because honesty is a bad policy. You might piss somebody off. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the eighth inning. You know, something, I don't know why I'm surprised because the parents were so concerned. Those people wouldn't be driving those school buses in the first place. They'd be down knocking the doors down at the school board, meeting saying, how would it help dear you jeopardize my kids safety by putting these goofballs in there and pretend in their bus drivers couldn't drive their finger up there. Right. Yes. But you just don't care. I can't, you know, you can lead a horse to water, but you can't make him pee on demand all the time. So that's the best I can do for it. You just lay it out there. And if you care fine, if not, you can go to the next floor. Yeah. Right. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the old AT&T wireless line. Here's key, Largo. Hello. Hey, Neil, how's it going? Okay. Hey, listen, I'm, I'm fat, and I'm really not that good looking. I wonder how all these good looking people, you know, they're getting all the, you know, getting all the action and all the stuff that I'm not getting. I want to take it right now. I'm fat. I'm ugly. I'm getting pretty old. Everybody's got something. And I got all of those, all of the above, which is a long, but I'm looking how good I'm doing. I'm taking a whole pile of crap to the bank here. We cover all of that. No, I'm not doing too bad myself. Thank you very much. There you go. All right. I got bless all three day, man. Thank you, and you two. And while we complain, no, I'm complaining that I work for a bunch of assholes that won't give me equipment to work with, like this guy, they're in phone at the piece of shit. I can make a phone. I'm not going to drive in. All right. Love when she does that on cue. That was beautiful. And then there's always line eight. Who do we appreciate? That in the beginning for about a half a second. Sounds like well, this maybe that thing got straight out. Does it sound straight out to you? No, it doesn't. Wow. Don't get surly about it now. We're there at Bellsauce because we know you're screwing with our phone line. And if this company had any balls, they would assume you're as a long time ago. 560, 560. We got 600 open lines. Now all of a sudden, then about three of them work. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. And the out of town line is 877, 785, 6345. That's 877 by me dinner tonight. Please. On a dessert there at the macaroni grill. That's the best. That is the best. Now, what did you have? You had the same thing I did in you. Oh, try to see what that's what just. It's what me over the age I came to. I'm diabetic. I'm fat. I've been doing pretty good last couple of months. But boy, that's just that's just setting me my ass on fire. Big piece of like square like an autos like a your own chocolate cake. We chucked with sauce on it surrounded by a whipped cream and marshmallow and just drizzling with that chocolate sauce. Oh, God was that good. And it's enough. I would say easily for two, maybe for three people. And you just once you start, you can't stop eating it. That's what I told J.P. And he moved right there the way. So here I'm sitting with my blood sugar just soaring through the roof of the goddamn screw up on the stuff piece of crap phones system again. We'll do the best we can. It's all we can do boys and girls just do the best we can and our humble mode here a little week pathetic surrounding because I'm sure that when they get all this money from this big stock offering, they're going to come in here and really do the thing aren't they? No, no, they wouldn't give you they wouldn't give you the sweat off their ass. These people, these cheap bricks over their enables. And a few things that I'm going to tell me up about your bogus stock and it's the whole deal here. The answer is, oh, absolutely not. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, the toll free line for the Ontario universe. 877, 785, 6345. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Neil, yes sir. My God. First off, there's a couple of gun hunkers out on Hollywood Boulevard. The radar gun hunkers rather. Yeah. There you go right. We're going to get off 75, John and Pond are standing right there. And I tried to take you out there. There we go. The bus driver's scenario unacceptable. They should have got the talent hascb and drag behind us. God damn buses. Okay. Well, thanks for your enlighten comment. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. 860, got the 1600 open line here as in 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. You know your buddy Bill Clinton Aaron is good buddy. I guess you jacked it. I love people like that. And you know why they're getting desperate not because they know they haven't got a chance. None. Zero. George, deputy could have won a fixed election now. You'll see you sweet hearts. You'll see you come November. So better get used to that big cigar store Indian looking guy. Big Al Gore. Here's Northwaterdale. Neil. Yes sir. Can't believe I'm talking. Here you are. 15 years have been listening to never call you. All right. Hey, what kind of moron drives the bus for a living? Think it's on a bus drives 14 hours around for the talent. Yeah. And run with just a jack. What is it? And hang out with just a jack. I wouldn't drive 14 seconds if it was that. You know what I've seen with him in public. Only people are calling me one time years ago on the year and I hung up on him. Yes you did. I'm W.S. News many years ago. I missed out on him. I was that's one of the great proud moments of my life hanging up on that piece of craft. Good for you. To bed I'll sharpened in call. That's next week. He's been trying to call you just can't get through on his phone system. He's not even. But anyhow. Yeah. Don't when people get discriminated against in this country because of the color of their skin. Young white men. Yeah. And that's that's unacceptable. They're tired of it. I'm tired of it. You can make it or break it on your own. That's right. It all stops now. Well, I see. That's why a lot of these people are like competing in their pants because they realize that the Handout at all stops now. All the effort is in. You blow up there and it's embarrassed. All the coddling all that crap. It's embarrassing. You're all standing behind Jesse Jackson, the keys of the leader. Compares themselves to Martin Luther King and was a leader. Yeah. It would be embarrassed. I was going around. Well, he was on a balcony anyway. Well. Anyhow. That's all I had. Okay. And have a great day. Five, six, seven, five, six. What about that line nine? Is that thing working? I'm seeing that thing. There's awfully deadly here. Plumbe. Don't give a crap about this. What we learned for fire is we had that one. Bozo call. I have no idea what that guy was saying. Something like moving. Move like that. That's okay. Play hard to get. Let's see. Bob Jones will now now allow interracial dating with parents. What was the, yeah. We are a, yeah. With parents. No, with a note from the parents. Or maybe you can just, uh, Indy date your interracial parents. What is this ridiculous crap I'm getting here on this fax machine? Good. Got it all money. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. We got hanged from the Hanagolf Classic. Coming up this afternoon. We got her a cool hotline at six. Who are cool basketball from the Big East Terminator at six, 35. Okay, runs with GA after the hurricane game. Here's plantation. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Yes, I am. This is my first time calling. I listened to you all the time. I think you're at health standing in the vision. Yes, I am a great human being. Hey, that, uh, I had to call because the guy, the first call you got. Kick me off. Yeah. You know, really, I mean, we don't. He was a fucking guy. He was a, oh, he wasn't. He was screaming in hysterical. I'm still not kind of blind dinner. I mean, what it is in this world. It's not a ignorant. A lot of ignorant people. Yes. And that's why his eyes, he knows him, he knows himself. He needs to go out there and get in and get what he deserves. You know, just like we all do, I work two freaking jobs. Right. And. And, you know, there's. There's so much racism because people like him. Bring it on themselves. Yeah, he was obnoxious. He was very ignorant, right? He's Heskin. and Moronic and idiotic and all this crap about whips and chains and slavery and the I mean, that's talking about 300 years ago. And what it is is, you know, I think they're parents teach them that. That's what I think. But, you know, everybody's got their opinion. Yeah, you've got OK, have a great day, pal. Get to your next. And just to move that to the sea. And I trust you, Nikonda. Why don't you tell you this much music, it gets for me. It's here a lot more off-living and watching a goddamn stock market. Oh, God, I just just to care watching. I want to bang you in the butt, honey. I want to bang you in the butt, honey. Oh, let's red, next. Sure, love and smell. It's actually a day to get a red dead, same, or lean. Because all, let's red, next, crack this in, says. Yeah. Now I'm my only uncle and the worries me. My aunt has turned to a cany weather. That dirt, otherwise. What a deal. I ain't got no wheels. And inside the legs up and die. She can't spot cheek and winged her eyes. We're all alone in the house. But I got it when she gave me a kiss. And I'm going to back a heat her mouth. Oh, let's red, next. Sure, love and smell. It's actually a day to get a red dead, same, or lean. Because all, let's red, next, crack this in, says. So go meet my new wife. I just got me a farm with horses. She gains cows and pigs. A four by four that I adore, with tires that are too damn big. The rear window it has a gun, right? That's where I keep my guns. Levels, wag, and the wife is back. Monarch is red, but too much done. All of us red, next, sure, love and smell. Because that just ain't as good as this family. Because all of us red, next, crack this in, says. But the story is the one over there. The dirty knees. Every human days are to chew. Don't do it, God, the night's at two. Don't like the way my daddy is watching me. Yeehaw, I was just waiting for that. I love that Yeehaw Junction. It's 1134-560WQA in. Here's the fact from Catherine who says the maniac, the coldiest today, about more than 100% of Jewish kids going to Jewish schools. She said he did have one good point. The kids at this market and the same education as kids at better neighborhoods. As the white kid was bus to Miami, Edison, seeing your high. And we weren't taking a side and giving better classes or better books. I had that same substandard, a secondary education to black kids. Where's the government imposed quota to make that up to me? Good point, Catherine. So we have a quota to make it up to her. No. No. You're just a whiter you lose. And how come the japs didn't we drop the bomb on WDW2 on Pearl Harbor? And Nagasaki, I mean Nagasaki, I mean Nagasaki, whatever that was. Hiroshima after they dropped the bomb on Pearl Harbor, Pearl whatever it was. That's what happened when you started talking too fast. Did these people know any different? No. Didn't we drop the guy dead bomb on Nagasaki and Hiroshima on a japs? And how come they're not screaming any old when they come over here? Then we owe them something. There's a bit of buying everything up to be this. Although at least we took care of the ones that we sent after the camp. Oh, we took care of them? Yes, we did. What do we do for that? We gave them a couple of bucks. Few. Okay. Few yen. What's the Japanese money? Yeah. Like I said. Put it in, right? Are they running around? Screaming? No. As a matter of fact, the Japanese people, just like the other Asian people who come over here, most of them highly educated have a very good work ethic and they're not running around looking for God in hand out. And screaming to be on about how we dropped the bomb on and that's why they got the one on the eye at the top of their forehead. So stop and think about that for a second. But all the other people and stop making all these goddamn excuses for looking for handouts and excuses for being lazy and shipless. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 60 and pound five, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and palm beach, hello. Yes, sir. Hi. First of all, let me tell you about your phone system as you know. I was dialing and dialing and rings and then it goes to busy and then it kicks your off. Just thought of what you know. And as far as the, as far as the, as far as something this, this company, there's somebody in this place ought to be just tied up in the thrown in the middle of the road somewhere. This is just such an unbelievable place where all this money that they're raising with all these men, all the way they run around acted like big shots. And at the meantime, they won't lift a goddamn finger to anything for us in here. It's pathetic. It's criminal. It is absolutely criminal. Well, we feel for you out here. As this school bus drivers, I drive a truck all day. Yes, sir. On the road and I watch these school bus drivers in the morning, in the afternoon. And I'll tell you, I have two children that are an elementary school in Broward County. And my wife and I go out of our way, no matter what day, no matter what time. One of us takes them to school and one of them takes them up because we will not put our kids on a school bus driven by these people. And I, you know, I talk to friends and a lot of people who are educated, who do the same thing. No matter what their schedule is, they'll take care of their kids. They love their children. They don't want to take a chance or reading about something about their kids in the newspaper. And I remember as a kid, growing up, it doesn't seem to me that we've met young adults driving the buses. And I say young adults, I remember as a kid, the school bus drivers were like, you know, in the 30s or 40s. And I guess they got paid enough to make a living to go. They were just putting the job, they earned their jobs. And that's all I wanted to say. Okay, good luck, pal. Thanks. Thanks. We need it. This phone. I'm about ready to do it. This thing have like the other one there. That's it. Oh, yeah. I can disconnect that. I think what I'm going to do during the break. I'm just going to disconnect that whole phone and get everything. I'm just going to leave it through the wall. I think I'm just about ready to do that because I realized that the other thing is on the floor. And any day now they're going to get the other part and yada yada yada yada. Yeah, just like they're going to fix this other phone over here on the inside that don't work. But I mean, you finally reach a point and you say, this is not acceptable. Okay, you're not doing it, baby. And if I had a real lawyer instead of somebody that's running around with his bag at magazine, if I had a real lawyer, we just sued their ass a long time ago already. I'd have that guy then $50 million and be living the life of a Riley somewhere. Instead of sitting here and having to go through this experiment every day, even Alexander Graham Schwartz never went through something like this. Like this. No, and then by the way, maybe or like this. Yeah, like that. You can't complain about the technology and be easily broadcasting because quite frankly, there isn't any, at least not anistudio. Can't get it done. Oh, yeah, but she is only two and a half years later and it's here and we're working on it. And I got my thumb up my ass. See if I had all that stock like he's got that's worth like $6 million proportionally. I'd be walking around making excuses for those partners and crime of his two. If I had an IQ and a minus column and I had all those millions of dollars worth of stock, I'd be running around saying, Oh, yeah, well, the moon and the sun and the stars and but it would be a better. Oh, yeah, and by the way, pay what's his name. I'm 23 and a bucks you cheap bastard you. You grave robbers. I mean, it's one thing to be selfish and greedy, but these people, this company has taken it to a new level. To an entirely different level. Oh, yeah, all new people will give it the honor of buying our stock at full price so we can boost the value up there for our own fun and profit. So we can squeeze back some of the money out of the poultry books that were paying these poor bastards around this place. And by the way, anybody want to buy a T-shirt for 50 bucks? No. 24 known in 560 WQMs. You're listening through wheels for 3DL. 4DL, 560, you A-M at the prime. And welcome to rhythmic theatre, a collection of flying literary works has performed by that societal element. Most likely to consume large quantities of ethanol containing the thick-pair sisters wedding. Which, and to daily happens to be their wedding as well. Today's presentation is the subject tale that is Richard, Mr. Fettett. Now, as a winner, our David Contire, they quarrely and thunder by the sun of York. And all the clouds of the verb upon our health in the deep, bosom of the old shivers. Oh, I'm simply not going to spend the next time for another philosophy. In addition, I'm threatening. All right, all right next all the time. You'll be astonished to be shocked. This will knock your socks right off. We just got the first results on our poll today from the Eric. And more than 100% of you are opposed to a affirmative action. That's what he said. We got 128 votes. 119 are saying, no. Oh, and only nine are saying yes. Lifetime, I checked that's 172%. Ain't it something like that? 400% are against affirmative action. How do you like that? That's our poll question on neorogers.com today. We want to get a thousand votes by tomorrow. So we get a good accurate sampling out there. Are you affirmative action? Are you for it? Do you support it? Do you be wanting it? Yes or no? Yeah, you're nay. So far, 600% are saying no. Kiss it goodbye. Here's a mobile in Gainesville, hello. Hey, I'll call me or John Gainesville. How are you? Okay, John. I actually, I'm headed down your way. I just bought gas on the turn bike. A book, 74 gallon for 87 octane. Wow. Yeah, just passed you know. Like I said, trying to bomb the Arabs man, it's long passed, too. No, I want affirmative action. And I just wanted you know, how glad I am to hear your voice. I was down the second week of January. And I heard of all people on the radio. Shoredch. Oh, I got to blow my brains out. Yeah. Hey, he shot the... Hey, George, you can answer the phone for a Cuban, but now on the radio, you are terminal. Yeah. It was the abs. I'm gonna make sure it's your. It was the worst. Okay, dude. Yeah, I appreciate it. Hey, including. Yeah. Alan Parsons, the president. Okay. Come on. It's a project. What's the number? He's done like your show. That's where it goes. Okay, me. You like him? You don't like him? That's just the way it is. Okay, he's just a little spick. Who's, uh, got his thing. That out of town number 87775634587785. Oh, by the way. Not for on the year, but for off the obogas you already know all the inside secrets there with the genina. Don't you, George? What is it? I can't say it on the year. You know, Joe, Joe's girlfriend, our lovely good friend, Genina. Yes. Well, you must, since you and Joe go and she and the crystal and the whole, well, bunch, you go to the swing club together. You know, I'm not going to be talking about her. You don't already know. But I'll sign up during the break. Okay, 560505060 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Any other one on? How are you doing here? Pretty good. I've been listening to you since I was in diapers. First time I've had the opportunity to share this crappy phone system. All right. Listen, I, let me ask you a question. Is there any kind of quotas on black owned businesses and how many whites they need to hire? No. No, we're not. Of course not. I've got a lot more than like I'm a Cuban owned business. How many angles they have to be heard now? Okay. I was just curious about that. That's why it's called reverse discrimination. Right. And you know, it's funny because I think the blacks are much more discriminating than we are. I mean, you get, you can have a black eye walk through a white neighborhood and nobody pay any mind to him. Now, you try getting a white eye walking through a black neighborhood. You can let you make it out of there. Now, wait, I'm going to say that again. A black eye could walk through a white neighborhood and nobody will pay any attention to him. I'm saying, you know, maybe you've got to be kidding man, especially if he's like real real dark and looks like a dangerous and big. I'm saying just the regular, you know, just the black imposing looking like OJ has an ascetic in his hand. Well, that's a little different. A little bit there, the horse of a different color, right. You're right. Your right. I guarantee you wanting it. If you be walking through a neighborhood, you'll sit up and take notice. Trust me when I tell you. Why do we need to go to the pleasure and have a great day pal? 560505050 what about you George? Big black guy walks through your neighborhood and kind of like pacing back and forth and from the sidewalk right in front of your house. I keep an eye on him. Exactly. That's what Columbus said. 56050505050 this line eight and line four things get to be really pondress, you know what? She's going to speak to me or what? I think I'm not going to die. You need to make a car. I don't think you're talking. Please know where for a real radio station if you'd like to make a car. Because you're inside phone that window worker either. So if I did want to make a car, I couldn't do that. Oh no, what just happened there? What was that? What was it? Did you see that? You were touching the phone either. The line four just had something. There is somebody. I want to announce it right now. Okay. Beyond the shadow of a doubt. Or maybe they picked it up in there. You think that could be it? That wouldn't make it light up in here. Somebody is dick in with our phone system. Now I realize you're dumb, Greg. I realize you're a little bit slow that nature didn't, you know, give you all the, oh man. Talk about a few brick short. He's like an apartment building short. But I don't care. How stupid you are. The fact is that Bell South is an impediment to our existence here. They should have been sued a long time ago or replaced or both of the above. Because Bell South, I want to go right on record today saying Bell South appears to be incapable of providing us with sponsor is that works on his radio program. Incapable or refuses to or both of the above again. Because I'm seeing things here with my naked eye today that quite frankly, make me raise all three eyebrows way up in a year and say, what the hell is this all about? Hey. But oh, we don't want to do that because, you know, that might cost us some money. No, let's go sue Waffen like they did. That was really productive a state. A station that doesn't even exist. They never had one diary in a ratings in six months yet. That nobody listens to accept the sports. They're the lifeless assholes around here who are busy, but placing bets with bookies all day. Oh, I heard that on Hank show yesterday. I wanted to vomit. You're good friend. Stoo got's in there and then whole bunch. They're like Hank juniors. I mean, see, Hank into what cause he actually makes a lot of money. And that's his business what he does with his money. And the same with Eddie K. Rams would GA. They're like adults. They want to be compulsive gamblers more power to him. That's their business. But all these little quizzlings around here. Oh, I took the overs and I got the under. Yeah, you got the under Pateloon. He's what you got. Stoo got. That's what you got. Squat. What's that out of town number? H777-785-6345. Oh, we just can't wait till we get Chris Moore and Boogback on in midday. So we can be all sports again. So we can get all the press conference design. Yeah, and then like three months after that, when the station is playing Hungarian rap cities, what are you going to do then sweetheart? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. I just want to talk a little bit about the affirmative action. I am a employee of the State University system of Florida. Yeah. So we're several years and it missions and now I'm hiring agencies for its state agency. And it seems that both blacks and whites have a completely long idea about what affirmative action really is. Okay, well, straighten the sun. Affirmative action is supposed to work in tandem with equal opportunity. And all affirmative action that's supposed to do is take the direct action to make sure that all groups, male females, black, black, white, Hispanic, Asian, whatever. Having opportunity to get jobs or placement into universities or what have you. It's not supposed to be a quota system. There's a lot of black thing. It's not supposed to be a reverse discrimination. There's a lot of white thing. It's supposed to mean that, for instance, when we do hiring at the university, if we get a hiring pool and we have too many blacks. And if we have in several times too many blacks in the pool, we have to take a lot of blacks in a pool of white people jump right out. Well, every time every time. I've seen what we're supposed to do is to make sure that that pool is represented of the community, which is state agency is located. So we have too many blacks, too many women, the Hispanics, too many white. We're supposed to go back out into the pool and make sure that other groups are more managed up to snuff. Right. That it's up to snuff. And then once that even now gives all those people the same opportunity to get jobs. A lot of people, even hiring agents and managers, risk and students, that mean that we have to have so many women, we have to have so many white. And I think it's the best observation of this idea that gives people so well that. I think the students at the university get been out of shape because they think somehow they're going to lose the opportunity to university. If you belong there, you belong there. All they're saying is, if there's a job opening, then you need to put it in the Miami Harrel, you need to put it in the Miami Times, you need to put it in the Illinois Harrel. That way you know that the three largest communities in South Florida, for instance, have an off equal opportunity to know that a job is available. Yes. And that's all the front of action is. It's not a quarter system. And then you're a form of comment about reparations. But a certain action is actually reparations. And you're right, Japanese Americans have come here and have not asked reparations how, but the United States has given reparations to Japanese Americans who were in the term in camps. Yeah, I said that. That's what I said. But those weren't the people who were living in Japan when they were dropping the bombs on Hiroshima Nagasaki. Absolutely not. For what they did to their parents and grandparents and whatever, maybe to some of them. That's not the same thing. And any more than the Jews who survived the Holocaust were given reparations for what they suffered and what their ancestors had got nothing to do with. What Jewish Americans, what does that got to do with it? That's absolutely right. But I just wanted to clarify that. Yeah, well, I'm glad you clarified it. We're still against it. How do you like that? It's a little bit that's why your saying is theory. That's in theory. That's in theory. And I think that's the problem. The problem is even the people who are just like, how does the EEO bullcraft that we got in this business and every business, how are you hiring in America? It's got to go. No more. No more EEO. What do you suggest is alternatives though, because when we leave, they're apparently when we leave people to their own devices, they fall back on. And if the same goes for blacks or whites, people fall back on one, I'm going to hire good things. Well, let me ask you this, and again, in the date county, Yes, the businesses that are owned by Hispanics, how many anglers do they hire in those businesses? Not many. They saw that they saw another guy. Now, do you think that there ought to be some kind of a lot of force them to hire anglers if they don't want to? In a private company or a private? In a private company, they shouldn't act force people to hire people they don't want to hire. At the same time, we need to have laws and act to sort of people to act with discriminating against. There's a difference between that. What about, what about ugly people? A lot of people protect them and make sure they get a job. Say again? Hug me people. Well, we can't. Don't you admit that better looking people get jobs more often than ugly people? Well, that's true. I'm currently working on my doctorate and I'm part of that. It's part of my perception of people. Yeah. And yeah, please. Please, please. I'm doing a business up and for a suddenly people, OK, pal? We will. OK, thanks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the AT&T, what? What's wrong with you, E.O.? I'll be employment opportunities. That's what I say. You E.O.? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on the AT&T line. Pick it up and pound it. Something might happen. Out of time lines, open H7, 7, 8, 5, 60, 3, 45. A Neil Rogers show. Sports radio. 5, 60. 2, 8, and. Oh, I'm a head of the 400 day. Look at all the red deck girls to offer in the harron girls. Go into the bar, 2, get rings, rings. Getting beat by red next lap like what you see each night on top. There was put the c*** in country. Look at all the red decks that each lunch at Peter Husk. If their rings I'd wonder, Walmart shorts. They smell like an old wit, though they're pick up bright, dark, low, long, and Brothers in the lower two breeds of boards. But it tells me why. I'll travel at heart for life. Can't offer tomatoes to some head. Nippo rakes and belly fat and velvet. Each is welcome and serve brother plays the band joe in the tree. Take pride in her heritage. You'll say, we've tested you the best foundation of the Christian family. Born again. A praise the Lord. And thank them, your savers, when they're for war. What's with Jerry's ringer dude? Without those red decks, winners of the hood. What's the f***ing said? The ring. Probably two at five sixty W to come and blow. I'll tell you that Jason sure has ballooned up. No wonder he don't show his post in here very much anymore. Boy, do you see how fat he's gotten? Man, he must be pushing 262-272, which is an, uh, at least. 5-6705-60, pound five sixty on the AT&T line. I'll start forgot to tell you about my good friend, Janino during the break. Well, next break. Here's Miami, hello. Yeah, I just wanted to mention why the discrimination is, why don't you wait the discrimination? Why? When the discrimination is done, what's larger than when the discrimination is? It's bigger, that's the hysteria type. Yeah, it's bigger. Well, they, when they decide to use the discrimination against them, they'll just boycott you. They'll boycott the whole state of, well, is that the division thing? Yeah. And they split me down. Whatever. And they stick together and then they'll boycott you. And, and no mention of discrimination against white people. And, and it's terrible. And the affirmative action, it all like it, is because they believe it only black people could go to college. Only people could run and jump. Okay, well, you better start running right now, pal, because I think we got your number. 15,000 open lines here. Another one of these psychotic days. And of course, I'm sitting here at the phone. Is it us? Is it this audience? He never know. See, if we ever had a full system here, we could kind of like gauge what's really going on out there. But can we gauge it? No, no, we can't even get our thumb on it. 128 votes. So far, our poll, the question that this is a little bit behind the time. Our affirmative action, do you support it? Yes or no. 128 votes? 118 say no. No. And only 10 say yes. How do you like that? That's way over 100%. 560, 5050, 5060 on the AT&T line. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, New homes are going to be. Okay. The poll question is, answer is yes. Yeah. When you're poll question today, I don't get a chance to listen to you, and large number here at work. Now, what's going on in the phone line? Is that on your end or mind? Yeah, I guess it's on my mind. I'm doing that on several calls. I'm not working actually. Yeah. You got a crack on that work so well, that's great. Good match then. What I want to ask you about is, and I don't get a chance to listen to you that much. Did you have any comments we've been thinking to see the next one? Why are you whispering? I'm losing your service. Speaking of that thing. Can you hear me? Yeah. All right. Now, just, did you get a chance to see the mix early interview? Yeah. I saw about two minutes of, I don't want to see him where he has to say, oh, he's looking for apologies. I'm not interested. And then those are those were my thoughts on that. And I thought, and you probably talked about it. And I'm going to get a chance to hear you. I'm just looking for some feedback on that. There's nothing to feedback except kick his ass out. And then when he comes to Gary Bettman and says, okay, let me back in next year. If he's that stupid, the answer is no. No, goodbye. You're done forever. Good. Good. Good. But they'll be some out of taking back. No, not if the league says he can't play anymore. Last year. That's what they got to say is they got to put their foot down. That was, and see, I disagree with this criminal thing with a city of Vancouver. Because unfortunately, this is a part of the deal. You know, this is inherent violence in hockey. They permitted. But as far as the league is concerned, they did the right thing so far. Now they've got to go to the final step and make sure he doesn't come back. In the bank, Hoover, like more conservative land like the station that they're not at all. Quite quite to the contrary. Really. Wow, so he'll probably walk. They're just doing this trying to be cuter. I don't know, but I don't think that the law enforcement has any business. I mean, how about a boxer kills another boxer when a guy dies. Did they find murder charges? Happens every day. Well, there you go. You're right. Okay, pal. Have a great day. John McCain, by the way, Daniel, I didn't get on there. I mean, I've probably still on CNN suspending his campaign. John McCain. Attaboy John, as I have to handle, I helped my friend. Yeah. What is good for my country is good for my party. Should our party, unless we go there, never a party in this prison. If they're a lot of it, the American people will rightly abandon us. Just as McCain, we will show you something to the business of history. What does that mean? Deserving the damage of the spends of not being able to live in a country. He's wearing Larry King's bullets, the spenders. Why will take our crusade back to the United States Senate? Yeah. And I will keep fighting to save the government, to give the government back to the people. Yeah. To keep our promises. What do you think? What do you think? Why don't you say he's quitting his bail rate. Why don't you say that? And reforming a tax code. You're right. The benefits, the powerful fees. Then there are 17 years each, May is right, when votes of many. And with your help, my fellow Americans, we will keep trying to force open doors, where there are walls to your full participation in the great enterprises of our democracy. Do they walls of cynicism or intolerance or walls raised by self-interested elite? Of course those bombs were built in your voice. Open up the doors and those high-accountables of our government. Doors fly open, when is fly open? I want to take a final moment to speak to all those who joined our party to support our campaign. Many of whom voted in this election for the first time. Okay. Have a great life, John. There goes John McCain. He's out. Bradley and the one with the board thought it's Gordon Bush, Bush and Gordon. You like the choice? No. Who bad? That's what you got. He used to be a gangly al-gour, who has a mean handshake. Yeah, he's got that. That was great. That the bitch up there in Dormner, Carolina yesterday. That was dynamic, sensational. From the national review about how he allegedly met this black guy and took his hand so hard that he crossed the bones in his hand. He crossed his bones. Something like that. Here's Weston. Hello. Hey Neil. What is Nike going to change their ad campaign from just to do it to just give it to me? Uh-huh. If there's stock keeps going down, move down here. You know, I don't know. You know, I don't know. You know, I don't know. You know, I don't know. You know, I don't know. You know, I don't know. You know, I don't know. You know, I don't know. You know, I don't know. You know, I don't know. You know, I don't know. You know, I don't know. You know, I don't know. You know, I don't know. You know, I don't know. You know, I don't know. You know, I don't know. You know, I don't know. You know, I don't know. You know, I don't know. You know, I don't know. You know, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know. I don't know Hong KongONS SMINA lack of fun. With National Forest mercy, it's absolutely won't make any progress. A dream would follow our BW numbers. Vladimir has a freedom to live. As fuel equals to zero. The world endlessTYTHE. Thank you , grandfin. It's free to go up and run down. SO ACY Is this mean it's really Korean?playing. saying for the best high food and the best service as long as you're not black common down to high-term in your Southeast. We're in all like black people. They don't keep well. Besides, white black people are three typhoon anyway. We're not half-fried chicken on the menu. Oh, wait, I forget. We have a stirrives. Luchin, I call. Cut the stirrives are menu. It's about home. So if you're not black, common down to high-term in. Come to think of it. Those damn gay people, we're not like them either. Shoot at the booth. But they talk too loud with funny lips. They serve other customers. Don't come back. So, no gay, no black. And while we're at it, light people, you make reservation for 7-15. Don't show up at 8-20 and express your table. We give you some of my outs already. Latin people always lay. No black, no gay, no Latin, and tycummy. And George Peefle, you stop bickering all of you. Who can't who have what? Pay with it, I'm go. That's our side. Take 45 minutes to try to divide up bill. We ain't all want you here. No tune, no black, no fact, no Cuban. And what people do think about it that everybody else complain too much if we don't kiss your eyes. You're no comeback. No white, no black, no tune, no Latin or snow game. Everybody else got the best my food. Come on down to tycummy on the beach. Hurried before we had to close. On the cane, in terms of the theme of campaign financial form, still kind of standing there by himself in terms of the Republican party. And most of the Democratic party. And in fact, if I can say, yeah, he said just a minute ago, he wanted to be a force for change within the Republican party. There is an argument in the Republican party going on right now. John McCain is saying, your Republicans lost the 92 at a 96 and a 98, because they were a party dominated by a conservative ideology. And that is not a winning strategy in this country. You can't win as an ideological party. You have to be a reform party. And conservatives rightly felt threatened by that. And they resisted that kind of change. Their argument is that the, what are these people saying? You know, I put this on, hoping that I could clarify because they keep what not for your on CNN, McCain suspend presidential campaign. And we just saw them up there going, but it would be better by the government so on. And you just can't get it out of these bastards. You can't squeeze it out of them. What do that mean? 560, 560, Pond 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's Pompanyo Beach, hello. Neil? Yes, sir. You're my favorite radio personality. But I have no idea what you look like. I'm listening you for 10 years. Yeah. And I've never seen your son in your father. Well, I had it way ahead of the game, believe me. When I try to get you on the internet, is it Neil in E.I.L. or E. and E.A.L. K.N. Well, I assume that you're about 6 foot 4. Yeah. But blonde here. Nice to you. Yeah, why do you want to date? Is that way you're looking good? No, I enjoy you so much. But I have no idea what you're looking like. No, I'm not. I'm not. I'm five one and I got way 622 pounds. And I have a big black mole on the front of my forehead. Or my left eye used to be. And have a great day. Okay, somebody I call that guy back. He's lonely. No, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Your honor, Saint Patrick's Day. Good riddance. It's been an exorly. Good riddance in the cane. And let's play God feed Harlem Globetrotters. And till our 89. Here's a mobile in Tabernier. Hello. Yes sir. Are you doing day by day? Okay. Hey, I just want to take you to my college. I've got a week ago. No, I've lost Vegas. I just got back this past weekend. Oh, I had an awesome time, Neil. It's the world's greatest place to go. Yeah. And I got back here. I asked myself, why did you come back? I must be crazy. I must be nuts. And I was. Have a good day, Neil. Okay, glad day to good times. Sir, it's still there. There's another call of verifying what we have feared. And that is one of Vegas is still there. And people are having a still out of a good time there. We were concerned about that. It's still there. 16,000 open lines here as we wait once again to see if they're going to call as the phone system work. What's it all about for Virginia? Jesus Christ, man. All man. Thanks a lot, Norma. Forget me to this joint. You lunatic you. And just like that thing said in the Herald of Smurf, who needed another goddamn Fag newspaper anyway. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a call from Lee High Acres, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, one of the throw something that you hear has a little something to do with a firm and a faction maybe. Right now is a real good time. You see we got our sets of forms coming out. Yeah. It's so mind of doing it for a while. Whenever they ask for your race, basically what I do is me. If it has a kid to me, African American, that's a nationality. Not a race. So what I do is they say, if everybody would do the same thing, check that boxmark to other. Write in Italian American or Irish American or German American. Somebody up there at the Census Bureau can look at all these papers and say, hey, what happened to all the honky? Yeah. And then what? And then everybody's in my normie and there's no need for a firm and a faction. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. My head is staring to ached tremendously. Like there's a gigantic anvil in between my ears. And it's just trying desperately to bang its way out. When it does bang it out. Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. Yes, Neil. I'd like to come in on that personal vote on your affirmative action call. No, I don't think you need affirmative action. You got to go ahead. When we're not taking a poll on the ears, you're the polls on the internet. We don't understand. I should clarify that more often. It may sound on our website. I apologize. I mean, what I talked about. I'm not doing the poll because polls on me are boring. Okay, I apologize. What's wrong is you don't realize that it's not just the civil servant jobs and the low end jobs that were affirmative action is actually creating a problem. It goes to try to have as the things like medical school admissions, law school admission, and the problem that occurs is you basically wanting to let again people who are not as qualified as the people that are interviewing. And what's the law is absolutely correct and is absolutely unacceptable. And I can honestly tell you I sat at a medical school interview and was interviewed by a black dean and he asked me what I thought of affirmative action at the time and did I really mind a black woman getting in ahead of me, even if we had the same grades or maybe even she had lower grades. First of all, I'm the one that's putting somebody on the spot on the interview and I told him I understood that was a completely illegal question, but even more than happy to answer it. Yeah. I told him I could tell us that someone's purple, green, white, yellow, or blue. As long as they've got the qualifications to get in, they should get in. Right. And that's what people don't realize is you basically got to dilute the pool and bring down your quality of your employee, the quality of your student, the quality of your doctor, and the quality of your bus driver, of your bus driver. It's already happened that this is the byproduct of 30 years of this insane, reverse discrimination. I just wanted to say that. Well, the whole concept here is that you can undo, you can undo one wrong by doing another one and it doesn't work. You can't legislate morality. You all can't legislate equality. It's going to happen. It's got to happen on its own. Okay. You can't legislate it. And have a great day. You too, Neil. Thank you. First, sterilization, baby. That's the answer. First, sterilization. What does Bill Bradley have explaining to you? Do you have anything to do about this? Do you have anything to do about him? We have to ask you. You got his basketball out. I guess that's all we know about him. Now is it going to say, since Spend's campaign? Why don't they just come right out and spit it out? Okay. Those are all of you people on CNN. Spit it out. Christ. Here's vocal. Hello. Volca. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil? Yes. Yes. take one minute to expose the Florida one for what it really is. It's nothing more than pandering to more or less the angry white man in America so his brother can get in. He doesn't care about black people and he doesn't really care who he's a silver spoon from Fisher Island couldn't really care less about who gets the educator who doesn't exist to get the vote for his brother. That's not what we're talking about whether we we about Jim Bush we're talking about a affirmative action whether we it is acceptable or not. Isn't this about a firm agenda that yes that's not what we're talking about so we're not talking about Jim Bush about his one Florida we're talking about affirmative action yes or no that's what we're discussing. Well and I mean obviously you are and I mean you're against it. I'm for it because I'm for other people who are less qualified and somebody else should get a job based on the color of their skin what country they give grandparents came from you think that's what we're all absolutely not but I do think that they should have a fair shot at jobs since the playing field is not level and how about how many people should they have a fair shot of jobs absolutely and how about Italian people. Hello five six seven oh five sixty how about dumb people sir how does that sound you dumb people. Eeeeeeeh five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T Rodgers Plan. I told you a long time ago that Jim Bush was a right wing fanatic with his anti abortion with his uh we don't like his fortress nobody could tell when he Logan that nobody could tell a lot of other stupid people that nobody could tell the Jews that you know got sucked in he ran around from one shoulder to another and he got sucked in. We already know what he's all about if you don't know what Jim Bush is all about I have no sympathy for you that's not the issue. Here's a mobile in Miami hello. Hey what's up near Hawaii okay let me tell you something man I called I called I called the I call the other guys and the phones are always working years are home either the only one that got messed up I call it because we're not in the same studio we were in a different studio with a piece of grandpa and so it doesn't work. I'm telling you you need to lay the smack down on Square six that can be asked okay all right bye. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah okay square and that's for your big fat candy ass okay bitch you disgusting VV is dangerous bitch. Now I feel better thank you sir. 567.05.60. Pont how's line A to a making a comeback here today or what don't sound like it's in me it sounds like it's really f's up to me. It's got all kinds of lung in it just like a guy damn holding time but don't say so good it's got lung in it. What about that line for for crisis huh sounds like the same damn line to me with the same noise and crap in it is what it sounds like to me and it sounds like what was that did you hear that? No that wasn't uh hello. WQAM it don't work. Yeah you know that George Bees Link he's an asshole and Bruce Bees Link he's an asshole. He's an asshole. 567.05.60 and they still don't get it. They still don't understand why they uh arouse my eye for two and a half years of incompetence and an effedoo and cheapness. Forget about all the other stuff it comes back to one worth cheat cheat cheat cheat that's what it comes down to we will not pay to do it right. Lepages glue Scotch tape two tin cans with a goddamn cord in a wire and a piece of string that's the best we'll do for it. It affects just like their jewel lawyers said it was back at the beginning when they were going to refuse to build any studio for us another one of their 80 million lies. Aw we're paying them a lot of money if he has to do the show from a from a goddamn broom closet so be it. How do you like that in other words this is a one-way contract we have here with me. I'm supposed to come on here and make magic and they're supposed to do nothing just right that's their concept of broadcasting these people who were lucky to buy their stock. That's their idea of their route of responsibility as a broadcaster not to provide a facility not only about to all the goddamn lies that they tell people. Pathological liars. 26 past noon at 5.60 WQM. In by the way if Victoria or Stafford listen down says you're a good guy to have a Jesus Christ there's no so we don't have no spots to call brankies okay it ain't brankies. We got Hanky Panky but we do we got no branky? No no branky. But we do have brandies. I got two sets of ribs. I the Rectom You top out the boat that's of your eyes. So no one gets into where all your evil eyes. You must be come to what's left now, baby. Where the fraternity of who's between your knees? Evil through last, no blue weapons around you. Evil through last, no yellow game. Hey! You hide your way, Jack. You hide your way out to cash. Oh, I know they need it. They're burning back. You hide your way, Jack. They don't know who's behind you. Oh, they need it. They're burning back. Oh, they're burning back. Oh, they're burning back. Oh, they're burning back. Oh, they're burning back. Oh, they're burning back. Evil through last, no blue weapons around you. We've all had a lot of fun, a lot of things to do. We've got to be out there. We've got to be out there. Talk pretty, two to five 60 W has happy years. There's a two. Our full question today on our internet on our website. Neil Ranjut.com is our, do you support affirmative action? Yes or no. Sure. We're getting an update because this one is a pretty outdated. Just point right here. We got to be getting an update. Oh, good. Please. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a call from Boulder, Colorado. But it's not John Renee. Yeah, how are you sir? Okay, well, I've been listening to you before Micronarian Sandy Tate were hit. Uh-huh You know, uh, talking about the NHL this thing See, I don't you know, I thought my run-in with OPP and Canadian Cosmos, so I don't really like these people But apparently what do you like what people? Oh, um, the Canadian authorities figures. Okay. It's with my experience with them But apparently there has been some President Yeah, but you know for instance maple leaf garden's 88. Yeah, do you know, I know that I don't want to go back to the whole history of Dino Cisterrally and look Richard, so we know that Okay, I just give it my opinion. I don't think the police are got any business getting their nose in it Oh, I agree 100% I just didn't have to write that issue. I'm well aware of a certain have a nice day We're not doing a hockey show five seconds. Do we have a hockey team any more here? No, I don't think so I think they've vanished. They did this to pernex They just kind of floated away 567.0560. Pont 560 on the AT&T line another call from Jamesville. Hello Hey, what's going on? Yes, sir I got to put a big no for affirmative action. It's not fair that students with lower scores can get into big universities More spilling on their days or many other universities or Racism right and the fact that they complain will the SAT is unfair for African-American? It's worthy differently. What would they like it any bonics? How about a tag-in? Is it a hell of a pair for them? Well, that would be a good one. How about a language? How about a set of students from Finland where they had Don't even use the same letters for quite a lot to be changed for them, too? Yeah, there you can get it and you can get one in that language. Yeah, if you wanted to go It's not fair if you speak English that if it's in English you shouldn't based on a lower score getting into the university based on your college That is correct He's gone. He just be gone Just like that. He just slammed it right down pissed Okay 14,000 open lines here today Or anyway John McCain if you listen long enough finally through all the verbiage they tell you he suspended his campaign rather than ended it because by suspending it It makes him eligible for federal matching funds right up to the end and Casey be changing his mind or decides to Or run as an independent or run for his life or whatever it allows That's why they awarded it a little bit differently. He'd be suspended. Oh, that's a great idea. Yeah, you ran as an independent Well, they're talking about that Then neither one of them has a chance. No, you know what needs her one of them what about Pat Buchanan? He's gonna be the before part of candidate taking the real ultra right wing and then you go Yeah Wow talk about watching one of the two watching an elephant commit suicide 567. 560 pound five 60 on the AT&T line out of timeline is open again That gains the line at the young man just slam right down there after he made his point He slammed it and the phone two 877 7585 6345 This is it. This is what it's all about 24 years in counting and here I am Pump in these numbers pumping it squeeze the yank in it Here's a mobile accross spring. Hello Mobile accross springs Go on, okay, let's try a mobile little thing park hello Yeah, yeah, yes, sir. How you doing okay, you know you talk about affirmative action my life is the teacher and You know some of the things that she told me such as her team has had to actually You know interview perspective teachers and When it came to the time of recommendation they were told that Certain people didn't qualify because they were not of a certain minority so They couldn't hire the person that they thought was right for the position They had to hire because it's based on on basically color Which is you know, which is on accept Yeah, I'm very unfortunate right and On a lighter now I started my my morning is wanting flipping through the channels and What like on across a patso And right just that right scene where we're where Dom is going to kill junior with the knife and they're sitting around talking that the Get the honey junior. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's it Anyway, so I just wanted to set some light on the educational system and what they've got to go through and okay, I'll see in the bus. Okay. Thank you 560 560 560 560 on the AT&T line out of town line open 87 775 645 204 votes so far on our review and they know what the reo it's pathetic You know what's really pathetic our poll question yesterday was about Dan Marino We wound up with 718 votes or record a record breaking number of people responded that question is that an important question? Oh no They were falling all over each other to cash the vote on Dan Marino should it be tires should you pick as those? Should he get his lips fixed Maybe he should need liposuction We got 45 million votes about Danny boy Affirmative action which everybody in their world should have an opinion on this 244 votes we got by noon by 1230 So for 181 say no 88.7 percent 23 say 11 percent And the right to the audience of course says 21 before 1550 WQ and All I give her a six Try a four yeah I guess her hips are pretty big that nothing take turn around for us Would you honey look at that oh and miss that before yes, see four for that tonight on the new and improved judging me Okay, so what were you saying about cheating a 17 before one at five 60 WQ? We got Hank at the Honda Clancy good two. We got her a cool hotline at six and then we got her a cool basketball from the big use term at 635 Either against winner of Rutgers or Notre Dame is the case maybe an eddy K Rams with GA after the basketball game We got the 20 or 30 thousand open lines for we here no waiting five six seven oh five 60 pound five 60 on the AT and T wireless line Which everyone did he's maybe working today and the out of timeline it works 877 785 6345 we only had a threat in the taken to court 15 times to get the out of town line better use it 877 785 6345 Here's a mobile in Pompano hello Hey Neil yes, sir Little bullets in for you my bright enough today a little bit. Yes. I just I just got in my rig my radio is on 940 on mistake But I did hear that rumor size in will be gone In the plate. I said that's in a paper this morning. Oh, sorry. I didn't get the read the page old news old news I see the black off team one Saturdays that I'm not in that knee game is it? No Okay, I want to try and get that out. Yeah, and the plenty of seats will be available on guarantee of that You can take that to the bank 20 seconds available and I don't have a computer to get on your pole but as far as affirmative action I'm off for stopping that It's we'll get on the right off the power plate. Okay. Thank you a good luck to us 567. Oh 560 last call for phone calls today and then I'm gonna go sick back put my feet up I got them to here and wait from the fixed phone Now of course it could just be me, you know Could be just my imagination again you know how I was just a little I get over react all the time Do it for about you can see we decide and then of course there's always this one if that one is true Yeah, oh my oh boy I start getting real 20. Let's go to you Come in Come in Don't need such a dog No You 567. Oh, we got a lot of hangups around here. I'll tell you that Again spending any money. You think that the $2,000 20 200 bucks for his expensive count. Oh this promise go ahead and pay for yourself And we'll reimburse you many many months ago and he's a spit and blood because they haven't paid him back You think the bees these will ever pay him back. Oh no taking the court sue their ass 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line out of town line is wide open air for you 877 785 6345 Here's Hollywood. Hello Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. Yeah, I have a question you well you were at Somenal on Saturday or two weeks ago. Yeah On just a work for the sense at a senior citizen center. I can't say where I want to go We think that's gonna be like you got first day. We know what's it gonna be like senior center. We're giving things away It's gonna be real quiet. Oh you're giving things away Like I said it's gonna be a beehive of activity. Is that right? Uh-huh We'll Okay Spinit pal and the wheel too. He's been in it and bring a couple of drails along too that'll be for a little entertainment While I sure can't wait for a homeintosh and on forum. I just can't wait 567. Oh 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line the out of town line we're waiting on that. We're still gonna be America. If it ever rings again A whole life is slashing right before my eyes Here's home stood. Hello Neil. Got you doing. Okay That's why I came under the circumstances sir. I understand finally somebody in South Florida radio with the nuts enough to talk about affirmative action Let me tell you many years ago, but I got out of the service. I got on the police department And it was a good department everybody knew how to read and write at least Uh-huh when a firm direction came around that left we got in captain people I was a field training officer couldn't fire anybody just like you were saying yesterday There's you to write me up or fire. That's right and millips and hostile exactly there for that's why we have the white spread corruption Because you can't fire anybody and you can't you can't screen who you hire Also look at them look at Memphis. There's a with the situation they had yesterday Guarantees like I was in a firm direction higher. Yeah So find like you said somebody in South Florida radio with the nuts enough to talk about it and take a stance and give the real opinion I must be not okay. Thanks a lot pal. Yes, sir. Good luck to us. Good luck to watch people at I'll be people and white people and Poor people and whatever else it is Want looking for somebody just to hire us because we happen to be A B Because a crap that allegedly happened two three four hundred years ago Not gonna fly got no support hate to break that it was you got no support Got a pick your lazy ass up off the god damn ground get you a brain no matter what the has you are no matter what your circumstances are and get with the program You want to job great do a better than somebody else One education look get a higher test score and get yourself into college Want to graduate high school no more social promotion no more moving people long just because he can't keep somebody in the school till or 25 years old no more No more diploma unless you got brain enough to a urn one Here's Miami hello Hey, what do you think The firm of action hasn't worked the way in the hockey yet Meaning what Oh Yeah, and how about the NFL how about the NBA Know how about the NBA why don't we have any white guys in the NBA what do you got 10? Agreed yeah, and You need to go both ways well I think you got a good head start from what it sounds like to me 567560 Pondy that's the QAM audience for everything they can translate in the sports everything Like the Danny boarding yesterday with that phenomenal response we had on the internet on our website I just I'm a way the thing got overloaded it was like Blowing it was a blown out when it dealt blow it out But today affirmative action. I guess maybe we should probably explain what that word means for sure We do that. Oh, yeah to the sports nerds Now don't you think we need a good young black athletic quarterback on the dolphin that's a good topic for you 567560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line They're suffering from Danny disease Here's plantation hello. Hey, don't miss the Roger. Okay, sir. How are you doing? I'm very very happy to hear that You're the only one in this town that has the balls about the speak about in the middle one Well, what does that mean? I'm not the only one talking about it. You're just repeating what the other guy said Yeah, well, he's right you're the only one that's really you know you're pumping it up and it's good because it's a good part of it What's tired of these people Cried and moaning yeah about you know it's unfair. They're just a man I work with myself and What dark pink archer comes like? Yeah, and I'm out there busted my butt and they go home and they're sitting on the couch relax I'll work. How do you know that? Oh, what do you mean they're sitting on the couch while you're working? What does that mean? Good off don't know good off. Yeah, I do with a job And they know because if something happens they get caught you can't touch them And you know, it's we'll give you a slap on the wrist, but we'll start with something better now I heard that last week you said you missed out on that poomestock Well, I'm gonna give you a little hint on another stop that I was told about I am DS it's a local company here in Plantation not far from your house Yeah, the technology is in breast cancer with lasers. It's unbelievable. Okay, where's a couple bucks check it out And we might both be spoken to cigar Not our own little island somewhat great son. I would do okay. I'll come up I'm gonna buy that. No, I'm about bees like no What is bee's lead by the way? Would somebody please look up bees a BBDI and she how it's doing right now? Because it got that big recommendation from who was it? Deutschland Uber allus this morning Do it's telecom somebody like that was up to 12 and three quarters already after taking the dive That's the 12 and a half bucks yesterday See we don't want Greg in a bee's they fact like miss any meals, okay? Cause George WB said he's only what it was in that I said he's only got 13 million shares of that the stock on fast bee stock of this class Z company Would their class zero up in their bills and class Equipment He's really interesting because right down the hall say it again power 96 They got you can get off the floor in there. They got a studios in there in equipment space age They got space age. We got Stone Age You know what I mean by Stone Age in this neighborhood here? Yeah, I'm not here's a mobile in four miles Hello, I knew yes, sir. I agree with you on affirmative action and to the guy earlier It says a white people ought to you'll find a black guy taking the dinner It ought to be the reverse they ought to go find a white guy and take him to dinner for My ancestors bring in their ancestors over here so they're not running around over their chunk of spheres and stuff I mean, I never hung in spheres. I never felt like Chuck E. Soup. Yeah, okay Chuck E. Oh, it was four miles by the way four miles saying I don't think you folks over there in a West Coast are capable of discussing this without bringing it to a to a different level You don't talk about like little little bit like that and quite frankly I don't really want to go to that little bit today. Maybe tomorrow will do little bit like that for the West Coast for four miles and Invirens 567.0560 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Maybe that's what Redgie might be talking about Spirit Chuck E. Soup. Maybe that's what he's talking Here's a mobile in Weston. Hello Yeah, I'll be maybe in Weston. What's up? Yes, sir. Hey, hey, listen, I have to agree to the bottom one as whoever is competent The unit job. Yeah, sounds pretty amazing. Yeah, sounds pretty basic and elementary to me watching I used to work for a company where we had one guy that took all 46 days a year 46 days meal he was a different reflection yeah, and we wound up doing all his work and when the time came for corporate organization Guess who stayed with the company? Uh-huh. The 46 day guy. Yeah, I do want to thank you for that Coolest stock of what is 98 Really, it's on her an 80 or something like that. Yes, you're of your angel mail nice club pal Don't be just get out. I already I already got rid of my got a new guy I got rid of my stockbroker. He's history He's sitting there counting beans you know one and a two he's doing his Lawrence Welch being cotton routine I don't have time to wait for him good guy, but slow too slow for me. I want life in a fast lane baby Like only 50 million give me now a lot of here on this bogus guy damn place I mean you asked them give me give me a phone at work, huh? That's all two and a half years ago. Can I do it? No And we got we got some stuff on the floor down here that stuff was pointing off his point this thing at this morning I'll believe it all when I see it when it actually works when they show me something show me something Not just the money show me something show me some ability to give me something in here that works You more on you jackasses you goof all you slime balls you when you do it. Oh no They can't do it. This is the only way they know how to do it the bargain basement way the nice There's way the crez guise way the wool worth wait the came art with the goddamn radio shack way I guarantee that radio shacks thrown out better equipment in their store than we got down here And you know the kind of crap that they sell Here's a mobile and bell harbor hello Any how away, okay, sir. I don't know by any chance did you read the People section of the name of it all the day the people section I doubt it You know it says that Scaming j Hawkins what father 57 children are they're looking for their anybody who's a j j Hawkins kid Double EWJ kid dot com and you haven't had no to get some money because he he loves it in his world was that the idea Well, how much did he leave? I don't know it doesn't say just so they have 57 Fabulous 57 children yeah, you and I'm just did it not bad not bad better and most of all the stuff I think so but my vote is We don't need a firmware to action. I don't think the color of anybody's skin should make him preferential for anybody Exactly, I say if they look at higher And there's love that they look at them and they'll put out higher You know you bake more based on your abilities right? Or based on how you know put out if this thing passes the driver's license view the courthouse the big It's a lot of people Because that's majority of those jobs are so bummer and I'll raise well, let's get some people in there Can do the goddamn job. That's what I say So they don't go on a side and they can give and collecting money and stuff on fixing tickets. Okay. Thanks Anybody know what he said? Oh, good guy. I have no idea what he said five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t line 1256 and QM all the hour to go. I have a lawyer. Thank the Lord. Thank God. You want to know why? Okay, if you're sick of buying that cheaply stuff just listen to this down. Okay Come in Come in It's not just the one to two hour. It's a phenomenon He's kind of going crazy He's out when he's alive What the fuck would you say He said he's going to say He was never played with cocaine 560 WCM Republican party this November will be stood up against self into a 28 different factions with might make a little bit Difficult five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t y was line Here's a call in Miami. Hello Yeah, Neil yes, sir. Yeah, I was wondering um under discrimination thing Would it all you think Yeah Yeah Yeah I was wondering on the sir. What are you saying? What are you doing there? What are you working? Well I've heard a bug off. I got an important high rated talk show here with time for that bitch. Yeah, no Not to make everything fair or why don't we put starting blocks in a hundred meter Run yeah, I'd meters up for a white person Don't you think also that they should just put social security numbers on applications when they take tests Right when you ask people will erase no more religion no more gender when you ask them that that's discriminating That's correct Okay, thanks until I bit you a screw off What screw in five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the 18t y was line and also they should hire you sight unseen you should be able to go in there with a hood over your head That's right go over there with a hood When she went Hey listen work for David Duke work for John Rocker Going there with a hood just say I'd be from the hood and here you be hire me based on here's my papers here's my crap here's my stuff you like my stuff We was that in with George C. Scott or the name of that movie and like my stuff Hardcore very good very good move our two steps ahead and you still don't cut your bonus yet 567560 by the way George got his bonus yet from the last book. Oh, no Christ it's only done at a nice a marcher You kidding me. Oh, man. You must be dreaming You must have you must have John Henry disease. I'll tell you that. I must be crazy. I must be not exactly Here's Western hello Why people can go in with the hood and the black people going with a stockin over their head? Okay, okay? You're gonna be a ski mask Unfortunately this like two groups that are against front of a action one is against it Against it. Yeah, one is like that guy you call for four miles. He's just a total racist. Yeah, and then these people who thought it out And have come to the conclusion that it just doesn't work and it's wrong and it should be Like like us yeah, but Bees the bull people like us. Yeah, not bigoted red next like that asshole and four miles or Gw bush What's the different conservative the passion of conservators and that one who uses gasoline right? That's right In other words his victims will be lightly killed. There you go Can you play bush inspector? I've got it. Thanks, but I have a great day say hi to our Inspector by the way He's still looking see the other bullet there The magic bullet 567. Oh 560 I thought today was today that we were gonna get the word about alien Course I'm not looking I'm not gonna watch the local channels. What do I want to hear about it? No, I just mentioned that in passing Hey, maybe it came over our news wire Here's a mobile and Western hello Are we going to you great Hey, I like to see you way off of this Permit of action because I'm a product of an interracial marriage I'm gonna bond on university, do you sir? Not no way okay? Pretty much I passed the white and I am half black my father's life can black man. Yeah, which half And well more out of course And I get into right now a managing about 15 million dollars for a couple of white guys They're real good men Occasionally you're a good boy, yeah, yeah, occasionally they even use the you know They cut these refer to you know when somebody that went a black person does something wrong They prefer to a man's nigger yeah, but the black people who work for them Who produce for them? They they have nothing with gleaming things to say about them But I do get another interview your good boy then it's okay, but if you're a bad boy then you're a nigger Is that what you say? Yeah, basically and But I see I've always been at the opportunity to get into rooms and to management meetings and everything and I The inward and white people so called people nigger is still real clever Of course, sir, sir, it has to be I mean you're talking about what about what about people Well, what about black people will they use that word a lot? Yeah, but they're not in a position of power They're not and I'm telling you that I'm in management meeting with people who and what about a hockey do they say hockey black people? What oh yeah, yeah, they do And what I'm saying is are you till there's something in place that's gonna ensure people are on a press And me and hell back I'll press and held back should only have to do with education What people ought to be concerned about is getting an equal playing field as far as education and getting rid of all these Substandard schools and all these ghetto schools and all these illiterate principles and teachers That's where all the focus has to be education I told me there can't be any other system in place that's gonna be acceptable anybody with a brain that says just because Times are tough or you didn't have a good education We're gonna stick you in ahead online of people who have to sacrifice their lives because of some other mistake That was not acceptable people aren't gonna wait anymore to get it back to an even playing field. I'm sorry. Just gonna happen You know, I have kids in high school Yeah, I'm looking at what they're learning now in everything that my kids are doing high school In junior high is the past these standardized tests that there's the greatest school Yeah, their whole curriculum focus is not on learning it's on Teach them on how to pass these passing a test right, huh? and it's really It's really it's really turned into a whole pitch for thing if somebody really needs to be shot over it Let's start with a Superintendent of the Department of County Public Schools. Let's put a bullet in his temple in his temple. I didn't know he was Jewish How do you like that? There's a real good reasonable call. Let's put a bullet in his social is what he said something like that nice 56070560 pond 560 on the 18 I mean what kind of an asshole it comes on here and make some comment like that I mean if you're gonna say let's improve his hairpiece. I'm like that. That would be different Put a bullet in his temple Rotesque disgusting subhuman 9 minutes after one at 560 WQAM You played the trump but no one ever came to your side You tried the drums and dab for you out of the house In fact you've tried just about every instrument created but no one wanted to listen but now You can satisfy the performer within by learning to play the phone That's right compose and play all your favorite tunes right on the touched on keep that of your home telephone Hey I'm a little lamb now It's a recital they can't possibly mess Hey, hey, you're in pretty It's welcome to walk You too can learn to play the phone try it today. Someone distance charges may apply That's what we're doing playing the phone here at QAM Maybe line four is a little more entertaining where now What are you saying? Interesting they were able to clear that up yesterday, but evidently today there's maybe no an interest or just whatever 560 5050 5050 I mean why bottom of them we got this new state of the art heavy duty stuff that they spent all that money for Please Like I said there's a special place in hell for them and Bob to move to by the way Here's a liberty city. Hello Yeah, yeah, sir Do you think These white schools and all that white keys there are beautiful payers to go to school later and the black stuff Yeah, the black key what what's cool? Are you talking about you're the version of my image? Florida state Florida All of them now Okay, some of them Yeah, it's some of those white keys there don't have any business team there right and all the some of the black All the reason they're why why do they? The pants could pay all this money for them to go there. Yeah. I know that's what they want When you go to burdines today, you see people buying like a $10,000 ATTV said TV said that's because they can afford the buy it Right right and you are always talking about the black steel to black step I am why is it a black thing in those control the test Why is it that you know weird is low people it you know you just kick us around What what happened what doesn't happen you don't love your state You don't love sexes you're on low-scalophone Right what were you talking about? You were so well-offed to what lost it to the people that you called but nanopropodic people Who you lost it to yeah, yeah, so you know the black people I don't know I'm doing okay I'm doing all right. We are we don't know nothing here. We don't learn nothing here So why don't you talk about it and how come you don't know nothing? What is that because that's when you got a great education? You know why you have great steel on? I was here with great education. Yeah Why don't you talk about that about what you don't have radio stations You know how about how about how about WEDR is that a black radio station? I'm not talking about we don't pay it we don't get a cross-bar casting in white people but never Don't talk about okay you can speak Spanish. I don't want to speak Spanish I'll say I'll be no picking a pond in here. No No, I don't know I have not My whole audience speaks English okay, so don't you speak English? Yeah, I have a lot of things Why not what I don't call myself to why why not why don't you why don't you speak correct English? Why don't I speak with you? That's the question. Yes. You just said it. I don't need to Why not well you don't need to? No Well, what does that mean you don't need to you don't need to accomplish what? Are you proud of the fact that you don't speak what you say is proper English? Are you proud of that? Yeah, why Why what you call for a thing? You know you're the one you just got to tell me you don't speak proper English You said I knew it English you asked you to one sit I'm talking about English language is opposed to Spanish. I'm not talking about how articulate you are and you said I don't speak properly Yeah, okay, and I died. I don't know that you can repeat the same stupid thing over and over again And you're proud of the fact that you don't speak proper English because you don't want to be like white He ended up yeah, you know, they want to those more on and you just get to tell me all well We don't own this we don't all the reason you know Because you were dumbing okay pal, maybe if you learn to speak proper English and you go out there and you You know, you know, sir yourself, maybe you would own something Just like godfathers pizza the whole chain is the CEO is a black guy There's plenty of black people enter priming people at own businesses and start businesses and wind up his presence of universities And all kinds of goddamn things and senators and congressmen and whatever it hell else But here's a guy that comes on the year and it keeps hitting me over the head with you done lost this and you've done lost that And how about my girlfriend Marvin done with the blue lips? Oh, this is really beautiful Don't speak proper English and he's hey, don't why he doesn't have to Now you don't have to if you want to walk around and be proud, you know, and you know that's the Luther Campbell song as you literally say want to be That's sad that that's tragic. That's one of the most pathetic calls I ever heard in my life He don't speak proper English and we done lost this and we done lost that and he's happy about it He won't be wanting to speak it. He don't have to Yes, here's Miami hello Yes, sir. Yeah, I was jack. I've been listening to you a long time. They'll yes Offer on when I was in town anything I was able to eat to their lines and I used to listen to you go on to work I remember them. Yeah, remember them. I remember those good old days. Yeah. Yeah Way back in the early 80s late 70s. I was listed to you on my way to work late at night. Yes, sir and Then I went on a town when they went out business. I went to work for someone else out of town So I missed you I came back and I thought you would I thought you're totally left and I finally find you on a different station Well anyway I still enjoy listening. I'm still here. It's very sad, but I'm still here Working for a bunch of make believe radio people. I hear you a bunch of phony's what's the degenerates? That's that's the shame Anyway, I've been looking For that poll you were talking about and on the internet Neil Rogers comments on our website web page Neil Rogers.com right. I looked on WQA I'll forget about them. They we got nothing to do with them. Okay. We don't want to be associated with them For Paul. We got our own page. We don't want to be on the same page. They're on one page run another one You know what I'm saying? Okay. I hear you all right Yeah, I'm not real keen on that affirmative action. Yeah. I've got a friend who has tell me you know that his boss is a black female And she got promoted into that position because she deserved it right and he I mean this was his he said that she was the best qualified You know But she really feels bad about it because Everyone thinks she got it because of affirmative action when actually she did deserve it. Yeah I mean that's it that's kind of a so why should she feel bad about it? What why should she care? Well I don't know you know she just can't go through your whole life worrying about what everybody else cares yeah. That's true Anyway She you know with me no out more tour if if it hadn't been for affirmative action because then everyone would know she deserved it You know anyway That's just a sad commentary on it. Okay, all right, and have a great way appreciate you okay Even up. Yeah, what'd be say? I'll come. I just saw a line for like uh there's some strange stuff going on with his Horns system out there to that Is there somebody like eating on the end of this line or somebody on or like hey? What is it? Hello Hello yes sir Are you now who are you calling sir? I was calling you are you are listening can you hear all that noise on his line? Yeah Well you're on but I mean you're a it's a miracle. I sure you're lying for so you better write this in your diary I can't believe this is a miracle. I just want to talk about origin Mary wouldn't believe this I just want to talk about all the The things that afforded to black people like the white I mean the black entity Michelle yeah and The black beauty page and yeah Well they got a whole month for themselves what else are they want? What are they want? What is this affirmative act they want you to buy them dinner night They want a white guy to take a lot and buy them dinner night. No. Yes, that's what they want I didn't say you're gonna do it but I'm just telling you they want it Can't I I don't understand well that's what the guy the first college is more about the box He said you want we we got to pay them back for slavery and whips and chains and SNM and B and D and all that other stuff and the getting the phone. I mean us I can't believe listening that's so long I apologize to that guy because he sounded like a real regular guy Whenever stole a caboose 567560 pound 560 on the 18T wireless line. So I know it's very sad when you've had this to have been Coddled and spoiled and catered to over years and years and when even an old liberal flag like me comes on the And she's you know what didn't work screw you guys get a brain go out and compete in the real war Like a real human being and stop belly aching and stop giving me all this old twisted It's like the fractured fairy tales, you know fractured fairy tales with Edward Edward Horton He's dead Great show by the way great. Yeah, there you go. Now wasn't that an offshoot of bulllanko? It was on the bulllanko show. Oh, it was on both of the seconds and what about? Double do right They from chef But it wasn't you started on bulllanko? Same kind of like all come on time no Are you positive now the east-off stable is the fractured fairy tales We're almost the little dog We're talking with Edward Edward Horton to the voice mr. Peabody. Yeah, sure. We're gonna be body. Yeah, that was uh Fucking bulllanko awesome Right She's so I'm not totally losing my mind but Dudley do right was never on there Thank you guys. Definitely got to be coming Boris in the time should we're not in there Don't Boris for that crap again 5605050 what That was the greatest show in history It was bulllanko. It was great Here's a mobile in Miramar hello Yeah, yes, sir What's your take on what's my take on affirmative action thing like Let's see the dolphins if the ones replace not interested in the dolphins okay, sir I'm not the least but interested in the dolphins. I'm not interested in your sports crap Get a life get a brain get a goddamn brain life is more than a stupid guy The mediatic ball game and making it a two big bet on some stupid guy the mediatic ball game and the overz in the unders and the ends of the outs This radio station and the whole mentality that's around this is like a gigantic cancer. It's like a canker and a cancer no matter how you spell it A place for lunatics for morons for low life no life idiots like this guy Everything is a ball game to this guy and Don't you think the dolphins need a good young athletic black quarterback. Thank you 567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT and T wireless line WQAM Hello QAM How do you like that? Okay, so there's some real interesting crackle when I'm with this phone today. Here's Voker hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got a full cocky with you The I want you to get what what that mean I want you to get serious and I want you to be named Disapply the new commissioner of the National High K Lee okay 567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT and T wireless line There's a guy that needs to be rounded up too much spare time on his hand So QAM got come from all of your side-renews they have the internet on computers now sports radio 560 home Good Yes luck Yes Back Okay, thanks there. Our one time back was in the real outside world. Every time the TV said he says the judge, Ali on Judge recesses hearing, no decision announced. The lawsuit filed by Lazarogund, is also Saudi political asylum hearing for the boy. The judge, we're about three hours in Judge recesses hearing without reaching a decision announcing when he'll repeat reconvene in jump in a ravine. So anyway, we are pull on a de-support to form an interaction. So far we have 172 votes. Now it's starting to take up a little bit. Hop-up board, baby. Like Chris Moore used to say. Hop-up board. By the way, Stu Barnes winning gold over time last night for Buffalo. Lost in ice-cold and he was doing. He went to that in passing. All you people are ready to suck on Brian Murray's record knows, but then he rate. 272 votes. 245 said, oh wow, that's 90%. George Z. More than 100%. Only 27 said, we have a 27 said, yeah, right. Oh, we've got to be kind of quiet. 27. That's only 9.9%. Look at the board. Yeah, what just happened there again. Another word to know. What is it? They're working. Yeah, they're who's they. They the phone lines for Nate. No, but who's working on it? Who changed the phone? I don't know. I don't know. Anyone did. Who performed some miracle on it? No one said that anyone did. Yeah. Okay. Maybe he was just a miracle from from. Yeah. Could have been. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Going once. Going twice. That kind of rubber raft. Okay. Let's try Miami and six. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. I think there needs to be a different kind of affirmative action. Especially Miami-Dade County. Yeah. I think if you don't have a certain amount of a certain rate that you should have the higher. I mean, we're going to do it. If we're going to do it for the blacks. I mean, we might as well do it for everybody because it's. They're already doing affirmative action isn't just for blacks. It's for Hispanics and women in all minorities. Well, yeah. Well, I'm uncomfortable. I'm a white male. And you know, I want you to. Aren't you Hispanic? No. You're not? No. You're a you're a honky. Well, you know, you know, Italian. You know, you're Italian. Well, Italian. Italian. Italian. Let me tell you, you know, I won't. Yeah. Italian. The Italian. Uh-huh. Somewhere back there. I haven't. Somewhere in the way in the back. Right. Okay. Well, how much you got a little Italian in. Is that what you trying to say, sir? Well, maybe a big Italian. Or maybe you had like a chef who already wants your twice. That's the point. But, you know, I go into place. I just went to a tag agency down here in South West Miami. Right. You know, there are five foot. A few more. A few more. You know, I don't know. Sure. Now, my women. Why do you keep shouting in there under your breath of this guy's black? How do you know that? You can hear him. I hear him sound black to me. Something like he might be black or might have a little black at him. A little tiny in him. Maybe he's got the Italian side in him. And what's the points, sir? George. George insisted that you're black. Are you black? Well, that's because he's cute. Are you a darkie? No, I'm a horse. No, not a darkie. So why why does George keep saying you're black? I don't know. He's sitting there spitting blood in there. Send this to the guy. Didn't cool on the phone. No. Is this the he cool? No, no cool. Oh, that's right. He's dead. He cool. But I'll try this much. I'm sick of it down here. Yeah. I'm sick of it down here. And I can't take this anymore. No, okay. Well, let's see. Good luck to you. Howard Beale. He's a matter of health. But no, wait a minute. Don't tell me this thing happened again, here. Oh, boy. You see, and you thought what a fool of you are. You're so easy. It works for like five seconds. There. Now, here we are back on this again. This is the first time I've seen this crap. This piece of turd. This should have had phones system or it. Because we worked for incompetent broadcasters for refused to give us the equipment that we need. The only, I know it's getting pondered. It's my saying that 40 million times. But I do need to emphasize that that these people refuse to do what it takes. And the fact that we got some stuff sitting on the floor here now, that may or may not solve the problem we don't know, that that proves nothing to me. Because this is taken. I'm like an active god. This is taken incessant stress and threats of lawsuits. And the lawyer is back in the fourth just to get to this point too. You can hear that sound. Hello. Yes, man. Right. Okay. Can you hear me okay? Yeah, you hear me good. No. I didn't. That just happened spontaneously. She just vanished by itself. Just like line eight comes out by itself. Line four. Drops out by itself. Because we got people dicken with our phone. I want everybody in this town. I want everybody in America to know that here at WCWA on Lea Rogers. Here we have people dicken with our phone. There is no doubt about that. You just saw that right there again. They're dicken with it and the phone too. And our people are sitting around. Go and. Oh, don't say nothing bad about the stock. It's going to cost us all money. That's going to cost you guys money. Because you're the one to get all the stock. The family. If you're part of expression. WCWA. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. All right. Hey. I'm one of these African American guys. You're a cone. All right. Yeah. Well, basically. Uh, what I see it is that I'm one of the ones that I think a firm in a Vaction really isn't needed. Right. But until we have a mentality throughout the nation, we're all considered as equal people when we are all on a level. That's what happened. I mean, you know, okay. Well, I'm sure we're going to forget about Black and White. What about what I should be for about ugly people. Now, ugly people will never be considered as an equal as beautiful people. You know that. It may be beautiful on the inside. But nobody cares about that. You know that. Nobody worries about that. Huh? They need to be slipped inside out. Okay. And while we're working on that. Okay. Well, basically, Neil is right this way. I see it is that what we have here is not a black and white thing. Not a male female thing. Yeah. When you have one third of the working population that being white males controlling 97% of all management and he go corporations. Right. That's not a level playing field. Do not go to get a level playing field. That's right. How about basically, well, I want to help you to find black listeners out there. About the 88. How come there's not more white guys in the NBA? Huh? I should go ahead. Oh, okay. Well, I think that you was people for making back the ball. Yeah. Okay. Basically, when we have 1% of the population making more money than the entire 95% of the working club in the NBA. But the guys in the NBA just need 2,300 of them. I'm making more and all those other white guys you're talking about are some maybe for Bill Gates. Hey. They make nothing compared to what the one the top one percent of this country makes. Really? Yes. There's guys in the NBA making 17 and 20 million dollars a year. What's that Bill Gates? He makes what? Oh, how many how many Bill Gates are they hanging around these days? You know any? I don't know any guys like Bill Gates. Not too many. No. Not too many. But there's a, what a 63 millionaires being created every month in America. And in some of our black. So what's the problem? What I'm saying is that if we're going, this is what we want. There is not going to be an even playing field. Sure. The fact is that this is that life isn't fair. You have to go out and do the best of your ability and get an education and compete and do the best you can. Okay. And you can't take away somebody else's job who's better qualified than you based on something that allegedly happened two to three hundred years ago. No, and the people wanted, they're not going to step at anymore. It's not going to happen. Okay. Okay. I can't go over. You don't, we don't need to get, we don't need to be given any jobs because of our skin color. Right. Just giving 40 acres with the meal plus interest. Okay. You know, hey, basically we got a, we got a surplus and money. I, hey, I'll get out there and work. I work. I work two three jobs. Yeah. I go to school. Take care of my fund. You know, I'm one of the quote unquote a law-biting black citizen. But you're there. That's good. Yeah. I'm a good Negro. Oh boy, that's good. We like you boys being good in obedience. Yes, sir. We look now. We'll not see white people. We're on keeping my place. Yep. Basically, you look like a little bit. Get on one knee. Go pick some cotton and have a great weekend. Yes, sir. There's a good old boy. He may know in his place. Right? Yeah. That's the way we like it now. We're talking some sense. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Does this thing with the phone? I'm going to tell you something. It is so effing unacceptable. It's just, it's mind boggling it is. So it's just a basic rudiment to sit in here and do it a job. And this man comes in here. They're going to stand there and look at me and go, Eeeeh. Just like that. Just like that. And I look at him and I'm thinking of myself. I work for this. I would say this is the van of signs by check, but he don't sign anybody's check. Did I let him sign a check? No. No. He makes the little squiggle on it. In fact, he must be using our T-room down the hall. There are two ones in the walker. That's what I think will squiggle on the wall. He's doing graffiti not to. Maybe he's practicing. 24, 2, 5, 60, W, Q, A. Gordon gives staff Florida a major blow job. A ride. And now on the campaign trail with George W Bush. Today, America's candidate addresses the unionized workers at South Carolina's Turbine Town Factory. Right to be here in Nevada. Saved Carolina, Nevada. I want to be your president because I can relate to the ignorant blue collar worker. Don't say that. Did you think you're a worker all over the world? Hey, boys, shortening all my work. I've never had work today in my entire life. And smooth, silky, palm-a-l, you're soaking in it. Let's go to the next question. Yo, my, yes, sir. Yeah, where are you going to go now, water? Good question being fortunate, subs in the tip. Marijuana legalization. No, absolutely not cocaine. Yes. Thinks in pain, heroin probably. I bet you it's in pedemines with addedap. We'll add a dash. Now you. What are you going to do with the black man? Thanks for asking. First thing I'd like to do. See me one up close. Not too close. No touching. Perhaps maybe get a lot. What? Can I get a lot? Sure. Don't be so thank you very much. We got to go. I got to go. I'm just a fan of trail. With George W. Boyle. 1.46. Wait here to hear this one. And I wish I had a better copy of this. But thanks anyway. Lisa, there's a fax is pretty weak. But I'll work my way through. It says it's hard to imagine the music of off-mallion, Gosshock, or Marilyn Manson, and popping boasts the basketballs having much in common. But apparently both act all fall in the category, unfit for young years, at least in San Antonio. Forest students from the private sunny book, Christian Academy, have been suspended from school for attending a back street voice concert last week at the Alamo dome. The students were busted for breaking a school rule, barring involvement with inappropriate music, school administrator, Tudy Perez told the AP. The back street voice have some good music, she said, but some of the music I've been told has certain sexual references for resident I've been told she says, certain sexual references, that's not the message we want to convey to our young people. We want the message of sexual abstinence. So students that this good Christian school suspended for go to a back street voice concert. How do you like that? God, give me a break. And if they want abstinence, then they should probably go to a Jessica Simpson and Nick, what's his name concert? What's his name? Lacky. I did not say, Lacky. I said Lacky. Yeah, what all the heavy breathing that he's doing in there? I mean, he sings great, but boy, he's your breath heavy a lot. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I sure know that. Believe me. Here's a cross-praying. Hello. Yes sir. I just got two things to say. Okay. First off about WDW, WDW right with definitely unrocking, but one call. Yeah there you go. George Loses. Of course. Anybody knows that? Of course. Everything is. You know, we're getting what a front of action all day, you know, about from every, on my normie. But I wonder what about us bags? I mean, we don't get any special treatment. I mean, we can't, we can't, we can't even marry. I don't know. I gotta say, lift yourself up by the boots, Raff. So, of course, in our case, we don't have to because what you can slow already, you've got an advantage. Exactly. We've got a head start, so to speak. Exactly. And just one more thing about that. A Christian school in San Antonio, did you say? Yes sir. And they could all kiss my rectum for all I care. I mean, that's the most blow to bull crap I've ever heard. Okay. I'm just standing up, but the hell is that? And say hi to Nicky. Oh, definitely. Okay. Bye. Can I ask my motto, Nicklacky or Nick Carter? That's our poll question at the moment. A lot of that. A lot of that. And one thing, Nicklacky, sure, breeds hard to help a lot. So she's into Athens. Maybe they just do heavy breeding together those two. They just breed a lot. On each other. Do things she's ever seen it? No. That's it? No. Well, what does that mean? She's into Athens. That Jessica Simpson bitch. Every time I see her, that's where I think of myself. I think two things. What a waste in that bitch. Here's my any. Hello. My any. Okay. We don't have time to dittle around with these people. Okay. Here's a mobile in my any. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. I'm sorry. I went to a, I went to a predominantly black school for high school in Holland. And I mean, the people there, there's people there. There's people that sit there and concentrate on football and got up and hanging out on the street on Friday night. Yeah. Smoking their 40s. There's people there. You know, I mean, obviously, I'm not racist. I've been obviously, dominant black schools. Some of my best friends are black and they want to universities now. I will see. You see, and you know, there are decent kids and they don't speak with Iby doing this. Right. Right. And you know, and the most respect to people in the country don't speak that way. Of course not. And let me tell you, I mean, these people that are complaining that they don't have anything. You know, let them go speak to somebody that does and see how they did in school and see if they worked on their class work. I mean, these kids go to school. They don't do anything and they want everything to be handed to. And my other point is, you go back to, you know, like the depression of the country, you know, the Roosevelt put in all these programs to help, you know, both to the economy to help bring it up. But eventually, you have to get rid of them. And, you know, I mean, I searched. You got rid of them and the economy fell again. But eventually, you got rid of them and, you know, I mean, we had to stand up and everybody survived. Everybody's going to stand up on their own thing. I see them. You've got to. And just keep putting them on the crutch. Eventually, you just got to, you know, you just got to let it go. And these people that, you know, the ones that really want to survive and that want to move up in the world that are black, they're going to make it. They just got to do it. They got to give you the plan. That's the thing. Okay, pal. Just like what's his name says, you know, if you want to, if you don't speak right, you're all going to be real light. Nobody says that that guy out there. You know, that Johnny cockering that guy. There's another classic example for you. Now he's got 14 TV shows and playing a race car. They're doing a bad, bad, bad power. So look, see, this is all crap that we're going through right now. All crap. And we have a whole segment of this population that thinks that was wonderful that OJ since we got away with killing those two honkeys. It was great because now pay back as a bitch. I mean, what kind of twisted warped sick this disgusting hateful mentality is that? Except for the worst, the worst, ultra right wing, Ku Klux clan, hood wearing asshole. What kind of person wasn't grossed out by the lynching of that poor black guy in Texas that was dragged behind a pickup truck? I would say 99 and 910% of people in this country would agree that was one of the most disgusting things they've ever seen or heard of. And I think that's why the real ultra, ultra-biguted disgusting racist pigs would have been a hand slap on a crap. And yet with OJ, well, see, we got a whole bunch of people got to make up for crap. No more making up, okay? Everybody get a brain and cut the bull crap. Instead of like somebody owes you this and I owe this, I don't know if it ain't nothing. Invite a waste, Dan. Where's my two grand? Shmuck. 152 at 5.50 WQM. The cane can't be worse than fourth in the big East. Do you agree with that? You see, right, I can be the Smithman. No, that's not my question. Right now, the standing. I can see the fifth. Hitch F. You ever shut up and listen? Oh, that's sports radio 560. Q8M. I don't believe it. Yes, it's just about who we are. You can take your cross-date. It's a lot of buzz-backed games. This is natural way. Oh, right. How it's all that I don't know. What's all the two principles? The police. A gun for like a monster. Who? This is the powerway. This is... This is... Yes, for both of us, it's great. This is... This is... This is... This is the powerway. Forward. Right, right. Right, you. Right out. Watch the movie. Move the two feet. Move the two feet. Move the ground. There's a highway. This is the latest thing. But get the hill to back over. Ooh, back. He's here for right to feed. This is the highway. This is the people we tonight. Ooh, no, today. He's a spy. Do the wife and his head reside. This is the highway. Right out there. This is... This is... If, for both of you, we're a cage. Yeah, this is... This is... Yeah, this is the highway. And we're in the wild. Please forward. Good one. Bye.