560 WGQAM Miami Force Waterdale presents the Neil Rogers show. We've been talking to Neil called 560 56 feet tall free for Deden Browner or Pound by 60 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil is guest co-workers or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WGQAM. Be easily read acquisitions for the Feeley Broadcast group. Now, Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 562AAM. Please, say enough talking. Neil, you're not my favorite to be with you. You stand up all the way back. Oh, hey. So, we have no line. That's all we're going to do. Just lick them. Indiana, go to the hospital where the Mother forms flares become a boat ship. Woman shall be fathless in the hood for him. Born and off the gol contain the day. Tin! we try to hold his friends we just opportunities on land and we try to billion and we try to process we should hand it man all right we are things that they Network pull And the royal castle's long And now the chance for publicity Wander who they are, share high amazes And play all, walk to live with the making Leave a cube of fall behind And shall I hear what gives them so hard While my having, my having slowly died In the exchange of pieces and phones you could be waiting With the hope that it's fair to back in the house become We wanted all the doorways today And we tied up any home And we tied up a trust again And we tied up all this crowd We just walked to live on the last And we got a billion And we tied up from the chest We should have spent the family We did the title and the home And we tied up a trust again And we tied up all this crowd We just walked to live on the last And we tied up a billion And we tied up from the chest Okay now who is it that did that for us Since we always give credit when somebody does something down Who is it Chuck and Dan Chuck and Dan Dan, not Dan Dan and Chuck and Dan and Dan And Chuck and Dan and Dan and Dan and Dan All right, all right Now we're talking 10-0-4-5-60-W-2-A I'm happy Tuesday, Tua Is there anybody in the audience by the way who isn't sick? No, well sure, hope so for your sake God, this is unbelievable I think Castro is behind it, you know what I'm saying? I think the bearded son of a bitch is behind his viral thing I wonder who brought it here, I'm sorry No, seriously stop and think about that Everybody has got this viral crap And yesterday I was like sick as a dog I have like alternate days Every other day I feel fairly good Today I feel pretty good And then tomorrow of course I'll be undergoing all sorts of tests They're going to stick a tube down my throat I want up my throat Yeah, why don't you get to be an old fart like this They just want to look in there and be sure, you know But God, this stuff just the malady Lingers on and on and on Everybody you talk to is like Cucing and other sort of things, all of these things But we'll get through it You know something maybe this is a delayed Why 2K maybe our counter was just a little bit off Maybe this is just a little bit off Maybe this is just a little bit delayed Why 2K thing That we're all suffering huh? Could be what are you laughing about this is possible Maybe the ammonia's in your rain is something like that Well, I'll fight out tomorrow I guess when they stick that tube in my throat Oh yeah, colonoscopy and endoscopy and stress test and all this other stuff Because you know, it makes a lot of money for the doctors And they got to look inside there just to be sure Maybe there's like an 85 pound tooth to tumour in there Who knows Who's that at the door by the way? Must be some asshole salesperson I bet looks like Todd Drex I'm not wasn't Excuse me by the way I called him Todd Drex I apologize you already saw him once this morning What is that? Movie test Oh nice going there George So at any rate is this stuff ever going to get over here? Oh, God Good God almighty Well before we even talk about that Let me tell you about two of the worst shows I've ever seen in my life Television being just like I told you before A lot of creative courageous people out there Radio and television land if something works then we have eight million copycats overnight Now there's anybody in the Saudi and so I wanted to tell me that who wants to be a millionaire when I like Regis You know, Regis is a good guy even though he likes Notre Dame he sucks up to all all the time He's my buddy Regis It's big now it's big in a boat Yeah, but nevertheless that's your blows that's a bad bad show And so what are we going to do? Let's copy it with an even worse show with more a public end 21 How about you check barriers rolling over on his grave right now? Oh God Okay, now if you don't know the answer You can first of all they you haven't seen that one heavy 21 They they select the contestants they let the audience pick who's going to be the contestant based on what based on whoever they I'm the first Challenger was a spartur and I look at the audience and turn up there's a bunch of spartures in there And they show you the result talk about getting in theory already complex Well, here's Bill and Sally and Tom and Jimmy and Danny and other three of them and you vote for whoever you want to be next And then they of course punch you in which is a direct rip off of what they do on it. They're all rip off So they good quiz shows oh they're bad. I love quiz shows, but these are bad bad bad quiz shows Now you get three strikes, but you like lose two of them and you have to go home And we whip the crap out of you and you have to drop your doors right on stage If you call up your friend or your husband or whoever to try to help you with the answer Yes, they have to call see my idea of a quiz show is like you do it alone. You know what most of us can relate to you do it alone You know the answer you know the answer you know the answer well Yeah, good luck go home. We got parting gifts. Yeah, that's their favorite expression. Yeah, we got like a six pack of berium animals and get out of here. That's it Go home parting gift. Oh, is the farting gifts. Oh, I think you've been very many of us farting gifts. I always thought over the years there were same parting gifts That that's it. That's a quiz show not all well. I've got three challenges and I'm gonna ask the audience I'm gonna call up my mother-in-law who mysteriously gets on the phone immediately and doesn't seem to have all surprised Did she talk at a read his fullman and that her son-in-law's going for $85 billion And those drums are going into back to drums are peeing in the back do we have any drums in her drums or pounds of stuff No, not so excited drums. No, those are boots not drums and a contestance just go on and Oh, oh, man. Oh, wow. Okay, the drums are beating well. Oh, I don't know what's the final time I'm part of the northern rural middle of the world. Okay, it's the South Pole is in the South the North Pole is in okay, A the uh, you know No kind of questions are those bad bad quiz shows and of course to show you how bad television is that that's like Now this week it's on every night with reges because they got nothing else going on It's big deal. It's big and a boat. Yeah, you already said that Very very weak very very weak. You know something any day the week and some people in the audience will laugh at me when I say this Any day the week I'll take prices right over either one of those shows and then it's oh and here you know what $160,000 Looks like yeah, take a look at this more you don't want to know what this works like And they and they guy they get them a big black sack when they're going off with their winnings and they throw a button And you can't even see that it's real money or fun. I'm just a block of what looks like money Show us the money. Okay, because we're much a greedy mercenary assholes and then the show greed would Chuck Svory Which already talked about just pathetic just pathetic where they try to knock each other out I think I wind up with fish about what they're going to do is combine cliches with Jerry Springer And I'll have the contestants beating the crap out of each other because they knocked the age other out of the running rouse They give the wrong answer or something like Bad bad television bad In fact, you'll remember some of those people from 21 and 64,000 a question went to jail because they were some people from niches are going to go to jail not because they're fixed but because they're so bad This is 560 You a No portion of this broadcast maybe reproduce to that being stressed No, no, no, no Please You're job goes by by You say When I Termin' a room to leave it you leave without turning around It's no one done day to last and long It's my love for seven of them I'm not job What's your spot guys there job And now the two ring you in when you're white It's like the love you can see through That you back home your job It's got a treatment just saying right And you're gonna make ten more things I'm 15 Here's the best facts we ever received on the show From Canon Miami likes nice going Ken It says Jimmy and Danny and Ali on There's another big for book a bride by the way Yeah, you can just take the same one and stick to Ali on in there so to speak It just says over and over again on here Jimmy and Danny and Ali on Jimmy and Danny and Ali on Oh my god, is there anything else going on this town? Oh, I mean all of us are like sick is the dog and everybody's got the intestinal flu and puking in all kinds of crap And the crap is to top it all up Here's a great cartoon which I'm gonna thank you for practicing this to me from the sunset along whatever day this is It says what's next for Ali on and it shows him sitting in a chair with a sore in the authority crown He's sitting on a high chair and there's a guy with a spenders and what are your people of course He says I do some cured he's touching him on the head Yeah, the miracle workers He's the baby Jesus. I know it's the baby Jesus Interesting pull by the way channel ten it seems to me and I hate to say this because I will never watch channel to news. Oh, I just couldn't bring myself to do it But Michael Putney who's a good guy even over he's still still to them boring, but a good guy they expanded his show yesterday more or Sunday morning Do you have missed Monday all right? Sunday morning they expanded the usual boring Sunday morning show and they showed all these pulls that they took very very in million to his son day of All the people they and then the question was do you support these slow downs and these civil disobedience in regard to all this crap that's been going on here of all the Respondent 74% of the people said no and only 24% said of the Hispanic responded 28% said and 68% said no No, no, no, how do you like that see see no, no, I see yeah So this is and that's why there really been a handful of people out there because the fact is that what and I'm not going to go into that thing about should he stay and should he leave because I'm just I can't stand it Maybe that's what I got maybe got alien to these that could be it. Just coming out of very poor my body. I can't take anymore with all the respect to this poor little kid And I do mean poor little kid because he still is even more than ever before we got then Bert and now we got this local judge whose name is Gonzalez, but she's a Puerto Rican and all this other crap going on And this kid they're talking on one arm and talking on the era he is a human wishbone So I feel really bad for him and of course thank God that we did right at the time being he's no over there because they are they propagandized over there All right, I'm not the American F and way is it all it is But it like I said there are two different issues Two different issues and I noticed that the assholes the basuto Joe basuto From your friends what is the brothers lost in the Everglades shooting themselves in the feet to 56 is that what it is? Yeah something like that and that the foul senses and that the Getsky with a Yavoku I'm I'm starting to get pissed every time I see him. I'm sick and apparently yours I am saying no, he's not what I'm I'm sure is no he is not He's not what if anybody is a gold Getsky is what he is God get that schmata off your head people are starting to talk And he's talking about brainwashing. I saw that king had 600 guests online. I talked about this And here's this Getsky with a schmata on and he's talking about the potential for poor little alien over there being brainwashing I'm thinking of myself who are you kidding? What is it? I would have schmata on your head Spencer And how many yearlots do you know name Spencer? It said baby Spencer Ross Remember Spencer Ross? No, well too bad Stan birthday and Spencer Ross come on get what do you with it why it's with the law? Oh, what what is that on? Some in BCL. Oh, no, I don't know. I don't want to put that stuff on again. I can pay show. Huh? I will not put that on But like I said there's two different issues and I guarantee you I assure you I promise you But nothing different would have happened except a lot of people a lot less people would have been inconvenience And a lot of people would have a big smile on their face. They would be a sick if just a whole bunch of people would have come out and demonstrated peacefully Illiana Gross late in what has still been there and Jose basultor what has still been there and Saul Sanchez and all these other Getskis They still would have been there and they still would have gotten their brownie points and then Burton who never met a fidelity liked in a course of which dinner We're gonna like poison. He's still a done hissing and all right wing about Republicans would have still been doing their thing and making a big political issue out of this Without inconvenience any of but and without the threats. That's what really pisses people off the threats Oh, we're gonna slow it on the airport. Well, well, what is that kind of accomplish? Yeah, like a bunch of spoiled little brats And let me see it again a very very small tiny minority of assholes assholes and each and every one of you that believes that black and off disrupting other people's lives Who have nothing to do with whatever your issue was to get your way. It's not acceptable. You're an asshole Period Sun sent in a lot of Saturday. In fact, you're good at the cereals. Of course the Harold here will just can't seem to find a coholl and so really tell it like it is you know I can't imagine why you know what I'm saying You imagine why Sun sent in a lot of Saturday says alien Gonzalez protest must be peaceful and legal It says anyone who wants to demonstrate against the US government's decision to return alien Gonzalez to his father and Cuba is the right to do so But this right includes an obligation to protest in a peaceful and legal manner The protesters who have tried to block traffic and disrupt orders are breaking the line and he and hurting their cause Absolutely Absolutely correct It appeared that no more than a thousand protesters in Dave County home to 780,000 Cuban Americans took to the streets on Thursday Then I'm straight against the ionist decision While I'm a majority of Cuban Americans may believe alien should stay in the US most of remain calm over his imminent return to Cuba A minority though have sent in the middle of busy intersections charged barricades and shown bottles at police officers who try to control the crowd Such behavior is not only irresponsible any legal, it's dangerous Absolutely correct Two protesters were run down by an angry motorist who was trying to get around the demonstrators fortunately the two protesters were not seriously injured And a separate incident a police officer was also hit by a car and taken a hospital with minor injuries This reckless behavior needs to stop before somebody gets killed That's the logic correct Protesters include many elderly Cuban Americans who are the faithful listeners of Spanish language radio programs that have expressed outrage over the alien issue Radio commentators have a right to free speech, but they also have a responsibility to encourage respect for law and order Absolutely correct Some violent protest involve young people who have seized the alien debate as an invitation to a brawl They are clearly out on a joy ride Yes What sounds like my show from that day doesn't it Many dead police have a difficult situation in the help of exile leaders to maintain peace they should get this up without reservation Those who truly believe alienians should stay are not helping this child when they try to hold a city hostage by promoting civil disorder Protesters are convincing most non- Cubans that alien should go home sooner rather than later There you go And let me just say this let me add this in the middle of these two graded tutorials from the Sun Sentinel that at this point I'm just I have no problem with this stand No problem with it and like I said I'm Friday I could make the world forget about that sketchy with Ismata I could make a thousand times more convincing case for him staying in the father apply for an exid visa twice in Cuba There is not one word now that comes from the father that can be believed because of the fact that he would have they swissed him away from the house Cast your wine and dynamite and they had him like in custody and there for a week brainwashing doing their thing Although we did not go to Disney World No, no, no In addition to which So how about to dry your foot wet foot policy, okay? Thanks to those two fishermen and pump and obese the kid managed to get his feet on American soil He's here how come he couldn't stay like all of the other people and then he whom quite frankly ought to go back Please So there's a tremendous case to be made and of course it's very obvious anybody who wants to look at this objectively The reason the father isn't here is because he's got a wife and another child over there Now even if Castro allows him to come here to pick up his son is he going to allow the you know what reminds me of Which godfather was it? Godfather too With the brother. Oh, yeah, and all of a sudden. Oh, I know godfather Yeah, I was in the out of all business with his father. I didn't know no godfather And he told me to say there's to say that about a beat but I'm not okay sure Yeah, Frankie Pintangely That was between the brothers yeah was between a brother because they brought his brother and from Greece they stood him in the back of the courtroom He looked around and all of a sudden, but he was taking a different tune am I right? Oh, yeah same thing here Your family on father comes over here. They got the are they going to let them all come here Of course not because of the bottom all come in here. They're all going to say hey guess what we decided to do In fact, Bob find Gula for now. We're not coming back. I mean does it take a genius to figure that out? Of course not of course not so he's not going to let the got someish. But how come over here the grandparents the father the new wife and of course not So there's an overwhelming case that can be made for this kid staying here quite frankly. I don't care. I don't care I think that most of us would like our lives back. Yeah, yeah I mean surely there but don't call me surely there must be more important things go on in a world and in this town than than that You know Janine Danny exactly Jimmy and Danny without Ali on yeah For one more week by the way and by the way George tells me that yesterday there were people calling George with dolphin comments Oh my god are you people out of your mind calling for it? If I was born and by the way don't call me with a neighbor because I want you about your beating of girls He wants to ask out at crap Jesus Christ desperation to beat to squeeze by a girl's team Oh, and these people all of a sudden. Oh gee we want some hope we want that we'll show you not some helpful show you some rope So go hang yourselves, okay? You people are living in some kind of a dream old in a delusionary state like Florida But the other issue like I said the one that's important is how you go about doing these things and this crap has got to stop and these incessant threats Oh, well, yeah, and along the way he says well, you know, of course if he does goes back I have no I can't say what would happen in this town then there's no telling Yeah, threat after threat after threat and let me ask you how much disruption you got to cause with your 1000 districts Because between the channel 10 pool and the very small numbers of people who showed up who are mostly old the people like it said in the editorial and a bunch of punks out there for a joyride on the streets How much disruption have they got to cause they just aren't that many See overwhelming majority of people of the Cubans or Americans or Africans or Martian they don't give a flying crap They have an opinion obviously because they've been overwhelmed with this stuff day after day after day even more than Jimmy and Danny They have an opinion But they're not gonna like take time from making a living and living their lives and getting laid or whatever else is that they enjoy doing to go out there and make a whole big timmace over this because it's just not that important. It's one kid Like the Haitian kid who was sent back we and you know they went out to had a peaceful demonstration did they win any brownie points? Oh, that was a bad expression. I'm sorry brownie. Do I keep honest points? No, whatever no No Very sad And the other the one in today's a subpoena complicate matter Congress no place for custody battle, but again keep in mind Dan Burton Here's the guy who is trying to get janirino in pizza last year because you wouldn't appoint that special prosecutor He's a like poison and of course co-author the Helms Burton act He's to Dell in janirino equally as much in fact if janir had a beard probably you think they were the same person Can I smash mocho janir or fidel? Uh-huh That impidel Not that we're bringing politics into what you understand and then Larry blows it last night of course I did watch that because he had 15,000 guests on here. He says to then Burton you have a you have children Out of the Larry's Alzheimer's must be kicking in again Uh-huh He must forget that ill of jitterman child that came out last year during penis gate Dan Burton father and ill of jim's a mr. more or less like Henry and his hide Henry, hi to broke up the family of that guy in the where would I lead in western? Right You've Baker Dan Bruny have any children. Yeah, something that you know about and something that you don't Oh my god, and then of course that jappy cousin of his early on at whatever her name is a Gonzalez Ross Garcia Schwartz Jones Rodriguez whatever her name is Oh, I have to see her for one more second on hers. Now she's an expert on immigration. Oh, yeah the whole the goth and their school. They're all immigration experts now Jim Mandix toss or slash right here on sports radio 560 Q 8 A single mocho pay a whole and up from the director of the Shawshank redemption It's the movie you knew Tom Hanks would eventually make a odd did not put a gift like that in the pants of the man who he did not intend to use it starring another slow-witted southerner our president. He told me not to go near it because it was so Dan never finds. Oh, well, what's the daily here take my hack and watch the trend off would you can't have it? Yeah, but it's the cream the smile. What's he that was almost really embarrassing? Yeah, be a city more anywhere. Well, you see you still miss them. They have to claim that up. Darle Dick Green's smile in CD theaters everywhere 1031 at 560 WQM. Sir George tells me yesterday was kind of a battle a struggle here and it looks to me like it's going to be again today. You know what I'm saying? Which I don't understand for the life of me 567.0560 pound 560 on the AT&T line In today's ensemble it says subpoena complicates matter Congress no place for custody battle US representative Dan Burton has made the case of Ilion Gonzalez any easy to understand by issuing a subpoena to have the child testified before Congress on February 10 and action that could postpone the boys return to Cuba What can a six year old child who does not speak English possibly telemerk and lawmaker is the likely answer is very little Burton who is chairman of the House government reform committee said he's trying to buy time for Ilion supporters so they can take the boys case to court Yet these supporters don't need a congressional subpoena to ask the courts for a temporary restraining order against the INS which had decided to send a home by boy home January 14 In fact, a Miami date circuit court directed temporary protective order Monday that will keep Ilion in the US until March giving the boys my my relatives their day in court While the courts are the proper place to a custody battle a congressional hearing is not The subpoena is addressed to a six year old and it's unclear what impact it'll have on the INS defending Let's get real. This is a little boy who watched his mother drown and now finds himself separated from his father and his closest family members who live in Cuba supporters raise a valid point that Ilion would have a better life in the US but a better and free life though important and precious is not enough to terminate a father's parental rights The INS is determined that Juan Miguel Gonzalez is the legal guardian of his son Ilion Federal investigators found that Gonzalez had a close relationship with the boy even though he was divorced from Ilion's mother who drowned on the journey to Florida Cuba's communist regime may be forcing Gonzalez to insist on the boys return to Cuba as Ilion's US supporters suggest It would be better if Gonzalez traveled to the US to make his true wishes known but no father needs the dictator standing over from the city He loves his son to watch him to come home Burton's appeal isn't shedding any light on Ilion's case only making it more complicated It's an indication that Burton a conservative Republican from Indiana can't let go of the cold war Honey like that two great editorial in a son Sentinel who out of three days not banned 6077 567 05 60 pound 560 on the AT&T line looks like the cat's got their tongue this week Here's for Myers hello Hey, how's it going buddy? Okay, sure. All right. You were talking about well first of all. Yeah, I was watching Larry last night Larry King. Yeah, any had these people on he had some from I saw it. Yeah, you thought okay. Yeah You're amazing to me. I'm convinced with a never that that's the true all boys I'm going to be the next great philosopher because that girl that cousin okay to cut them that boy say and this apparently he can explain how how people are suffering in Cuba Okay, I can explain how he wants to stay here. If your all boy knows this meal A six year old boy can you can you can hold a and don't forget right out right out of Senator Bob Smith from New Hampshire That good Republican right wing fat slot. He says oh alien told him a couple of times he wants to go back home I will what doesn't want to go back home. He wants to stay here. Listen, I had nothing against the boy. I just really this is really sad I used to live in Miami and this is really it's a circus. It's a tree ring embarrassing circus Baby Jesus, yeah, I'm telling I guess I'm telling my friend with family everybody that kids in the group to be the next Confucius the great philosopher. Maybe he'll be he's already performing miracles. He's healing people. He may be using On a second note. You know, I do wait. Did you happen to see the today show this morning? I don't want to see show you will never get to Matt Lara was talking to this morning He was talking to our baby Jesus. He's talking art bill. Oh, and some Some New York Times not New York Times, but some writer, but you wrote a book if you've checked it out in Amazon Our Del wrote a new book called the coming global superstorm. Yeah more intending dangers Something about the Nothing ice cap a little more north. I mean, this is good guys crazy is crazy. I don't know and have a great day That tells you what it's coming to when the today show I supposedly respectable new show puts art bill on you a madman or radio madman The peeling to the craziest people in the US of a five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line 877-875 Neil out of town line. Here's a call in the grow hello Coconut grow Neil happy to see and back to you. I'm better good Good. I'm not a good way. Yesterday I almost was a channel seven a channel for the they used your Jimmy and Danny bit Really and I don't know but it was on the sports when they did their sports show and it's you know they Talked it out there and kind of cracked out, but actually played Jimmy and Danny. Yes I don't know if it was channel seven if there's anybody out there that did does see it was either channel seven of channel four and it was on the sports show But of course they didn't give us credit for it. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no WILD the support station at all WILD W Um, ha ha ha ha ha Did you say WILD series that what I just heard you say? Oh my god, I'm sorry, I'll do Oh, I hate that state. Yeah, me too. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. That's okay. It was a great light moment But anyway, about this six year old, uh, just some, uh, that those missed it out. There was a little Sorry, thought there that are, uh, the cause of this and a couple of, uh, they just, they got a Time to ground and, uh, they got a, we just got to get strong with them and, uh, not we got to get strong Yeah, because Miami is, uh, poorly. You got it and, uh, thank you for taking my call. Thank you for making a call. Have a great day. Thank you. Thank you for making your statement and movement. In fact, here's a facts from a chronic facts, which is ever since Ali on came to Miami. I know a lot of people Including myself have got diarrhea. I think like that. I'm telling you, I think you have Fidel, Fidel sent some kind of a killer virus here with the baby Jesus to try to avoid poison Sound Florida. Don't take it on the kid, but boy, oh boy. It made me just a coincidence. You think it's a coincidence? No. Everybody seems to be like sick and puking and gagging in the, uh, Sporting their brains out. Wow. Maybe we'll better have a congressional investigation about that. And who better, uh, headed up and Dan Burton of course. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT and T wireless one. I thought they'd be smoking a day, man. I thought they'd be hyperventilating. Here's Ali, hello. Are you doing Neil? Okay, sir. I'm feeling better. Just a quick comment on immigration. You know, we have, we have so many different types of hyperventilating groups in this country and all of these cities to last for the next two centuries. I can't understand why every time somebody wants to maybe change immigration system and close our borders automatically it's fleeting. And don't forget by the way, the people who want to do that are the same Republicans that are screaming Neil about poor alien, let him stay here, etc. And so on those are the ones who want to close the borders. Don't want any more, I am a gradients, etc. But of course, don't confuse the local people there with that because they both are all in public in any way. So what happens is it might? Right. And it's unfortunate that the candidates, those are the type of candidates that want to close our borders because right away, they're labeled as racist. Everybody who wants to close our borders is labeled as a racist. And I don't understand that. So legitimate suggestion. I think take care of the American people first. Take care of the people we got here now. Then start worrying about the being Godfather, everybody else. Absolutely. Absolutely. And one last comment if the courts tomorrow come February, come March, decide that Ali and have to go back to Cuba. I'm willing to accept the United States government decisions. And if I want to protest, talk a lot there and I'll do it in a peaceful manner. But I guarantee you that if that decision comes to light, these people are going to go back out there and break the law through the same thing they did all over again. It's a ridiculous ridiculous progression. Just cross your fingers and pray that we don't have to go through this again this Friday. Oh, especially anybody who might have to go to the airport on Friday. Oh, my God. I'm definitely pray. One last comment here. I know that you got a viral infection. Yeah, I was going to suggest to you and I know you may not want to hear this, but I don't want to hear it. The act can die. I don't think it's helping you. I'm who's doing the act inside. I'm not doing the act inside. Well, you're not doing for like four hours at a time in my sleep. So what kind of a diet are you doing now? It's called being sick diet. And worse, very well, by the way. Look, it's tradition. Like today, in fact, today I'm doing the young kipper diet. I'm doing a fast cause I have to prep for tomorrow and this afternoon I have to drink a bunch of stuff that's going to make me crap my brains out. So that's from our, I can do all my testing and stick tubes all over my body. Right, go and tell me, oh, well, I'll go home. Well, I want to give you a suggestion. This, you may not like it, but I, you know, it may sound artsy, artsy, artsy, to you. Yeah, the microbiotic diet is definitely worth the better. Ever great day, my friend. My first guest on WKAT 100 years ago, Michio Kushi, he and his wife, the great proponents of the microbiotic diet. The same man that told me, oh, there's no problem that he smoked those strings little cigarettes. You know, it was in those cigarettes, don't you? Yeah, but at any rate, I guess what he did. He died from cancer. Oh, how surprising. With his microbiotic diet, very, very dangerous, sir. Please, I've been putting my own research. The microbiotic diet is clackery. It's garbage. You know what the best diet is, don't eat. Yeah, that's the best diet, don't eat. He's very, very little. Don't eat a bunch of crap. Don't eat a lot of fatty stuff, and that's the best diet. Don't eat. Don't be obsessed with food. And by the way, I shouldn't mention on here that my good close friend Fat Rich, who's a real celebrity on his show over the many years. You know, Fat Rich from the arrogate show that guy. I shouldn't mention that he's in the hospital with an intensive care. And you'll plastic. And you know what it was from? Fat. That's right. You know, Fat Rich reminds me of my mother. Only a Fat of version. Take care of yourself, Fat Man. And you'll plastic your shunt, which rhymes with stunt. That's what happens when you become obsessed with food, man. Two of us, I know you people in the audience, you're right about food. You'd rather hawker trying to go out of fish food and all the stuff. You know, when it push comes to shove, when you're lying there, staring at your maker, you know, and Marvin Maker coming down the stretch. You say, oh, maybe I shouldn't have eaten that last pint. That's what our goal thing is going to say. What is there gasping for oxygen in his life? Like that. Yeah, he's going to say, maybe I shouldn't have eaten that last quote. What he's going to say, trust me. Hurricane, basketball. He's breaking, riding stuff. It's wonderful. Look, James, travel to Jersey. If you take on the seat, you'll hold. Tonight, join the new board to lower a case more than you're in. Chosing action from the action. Hurricane is one of the starts at seven. Here on, fourth radio five, 60, QAA. 50 Hoover, optimal, man. Today's broadcast is brought to you by new team. We can clean the all-purpose cleaner. See this shirt? It's fussing clean. How nasty this carpet is, James? Well, just drop down to your knees. Use a little bit of elbow grease and clean it. Yes, you can clean anything. Clean your dog. Clean your silverware. Clean your car. Fussing can clean everything you own. Get clean today. Come visit one of our eights and clean stores. Or look us up on the web at conclean.com and clean it up. Okay, 16 to 11 at 5.50 WQM. So, a nice statement. Whatever your name is, Renai. That's kind of unusual name. On the NAI, but a nice thing. She sends me some stuff. Some buttons. She says, my name is Renai. I want a company called BS button company. My husband is an avid listener. In all this past week, he's been telling me about your stories about alien Gonzalez. I love the way I say that, by the way. So much better than all the assholes in the media. I know how to say it. I know my espanyor. See? So, as a first rate, it says in America, I'm tired of all the illegal coming over here to South Florida and getting everything for free. There's nothing worth an illegal coming, by the way. Gortscored. I've decided to make a button for you and some extra for your staff. Have you desired to give any way, etc. And so on. Please understand, I have a lot for children that I've truly feel what's happening here since Thanksgiving with this boy has been a total joke. And of course, obviously yes. And so, when I send me a few of these with a band symbol, Van Allion. Which doesn't mean anything to him personally, but it means enough of the crap already. So, what do I mean? Button lovers in curl springs. Is there any other business? V-O-B-S button lovers. And that's going there. When I thank you, sweetheart, that's for you. Yeah. The band symbol with Alion in the middle, just the nickname. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 18th and of course, CNN man. There are obsessed with it. The whole King show last night for an hour. Right? Yeah. Long history dollars. And then of course, the lead store and every guy there in newscast morning noon and night around the clock. So, this is a big story. So, this is important. It is not important. It's important to this kid. It's important to his father. It's important to the people who are immediately involved. Am I immediately involved? No. Or any of you immediately involved? No. No. Jesus, Joseph and Mary, man. Like I've been trying to tell you for a long time. An idiot? Is sick and he's out badly. Here's Kendall. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. You've left out some important people in this evening on the right way to say that. I'm whatever you like. Yeah. Kennedy, Torsally, Dwyge. Yeah. And then this and now outboard. Right. Oh, yeah. That's right. Now the Democrats are jumping on the bandwagon. That's absolutely fair. Well, listen to this just what I said last week. It's a pissing contest. Yeah. Who can piss the farthest? Right. Thanks, Neil. Okay. Like some of those tribal Africans, you know, who can score scores? That's what they're doing. They're having a contest. Oh, yeah. No, we're the most in favor of this little boy. No, no, we're the most in favor. No, we're the best. We're the great humanitarians. And you know what you all are? You're a bunch of political horrors each and every one of you. Political horrors. And this kid, he doesn't confer anything. That's the saddest part. That's the most tragic part. Don't believe for a minute that any of those people would have had soba sulto or any of these folks give one flying crap about and Bob Smith that digs that third burger from the answer. He cares about this kid or mean or weapon hell he's from. What a piece of crap he is. Oh, no, he told me. He wants to stay here. He doesn't want to go back. No, say, I'll be like, bull crap about key, okay? Senator Smith. And what kind of a name is that anyway, we're got to talk in the China with all these Cuban Smith. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Dean. Okay. Isn't that just why you are made correct? No, it's not a question. I'm going to mention a question of the mayor of Miami. It's not car. It's kind of what you. Kind of what you. Check with George without means or he'll let you down. Huh? Okay. Another amateur comedian out there in the George get it? No. 560, probably say something dirty on you. Oh, yeah. Good. Thank you. You're on in a slice here, something dirty every no. Here's a candle. Hello. Yes, sir. The majority of this community, as you said, agrees with everything that you said that you have stated. I'm glad you mentioned the poll on Channel 10. You know, it made me feel better about the life. I was shocked and ver pleasingly shocked at 68% of the Hispanics said they do not support this crap out there block at a traffic in block in the streets and slowing down. They do not support it. I was absolutely amazed, but it gave me a good feeling that there are some normal people out there. Right. I knew. Let me let me mention that let me just pose a scenario that is high in the people. Before you propose that, just keep this in mind. If there weren't the overwhelming majority who felt that way, there would have been a lot more than just a few scattering of people out there in the streets. Exactly. But anyway. But they cause a great deal of stress and discomfort for this community. As Nick Carter would say chaos. Right. So what if one of these people like this, Mr. Ramon, Lopez or Sanchez, Richard. I had a child. No, I say this is highly improbable. Yeah. What would happen to you? What happened to Frances? What happened to Frances? One of their kids in the parking lot in front of the stadium over here right. One of his children was hijacked or taken by her husband. You're confusing them with a fact. You don't don't dignify by going with that. My point is this country would probably be, could be, could be at the war with Cuba? No. We're not going to war with Cuba. I'm saying if the child was an American, taken to Cuba, I don't think this government, because Cuba is not strong enough to do anything to this government. We're not going to war with Cuba, sir. Believe me. I only wish that we would go to war with Cuba tonight. And I wake up in the morning and the bearded one will be gone. And all these agitators will be back there on their plantations and they will be building their casinos. And doing their thing, we could all have happily ever had one. I'm sure we had to have more than anybody. I'm just glad it's a minority of the Latin community because, where I live, most of my neighbors are decent and good people. And it's, I don't know, these people don't have a life. And most of my neighbors, I don't know. I'm happy to keep it that way and have a great day. 567.0560. Pond 560 on the AT&T line. 877.785. Me away. I got Hank from Cool City at 2. The Big Fad books to reach 6. Correct cool and basketball of 7. And Kaplan 1039, who keeps getting, by the way, had a spy report from memory yesterday. Your close personal friend was monitoring your show. And he says he only works. Yeah. And he says that you mentioned something about a Kaplan being responsible for all those Gulf team practices on the top. It's said from at Kaplan. The YZ faction over here. I don't know. I thought that's what their fans mentioned. Said that Gulf's stream. Oh, from at Kaplan he's wasting all of our, he doesn't even know he's owned guy to impact number over there. What is wrong with his man? He musta had a bad, a bad lifetime at the track. Kaplan, on the far, free, no, not with the WC. Oh, my God. Stop wasting our facts paper ready to go start taking the money out of your paycheck. I got doubts on the case. Oh good. That should take care of it. Don't you think? No. Just leave him alone. Oh boy. 560, 560, 560 on the 18th, you know, here's the lady in West Palm. Hello. Hey, Neil. This is a big time in it. Go ahead, Nick. I heard you talk about the cliches earlier. I was on, he wants to be a millionaire in November. You were on it? Yeah. I didn't win a dating in the chair, but anyway, I just to let people know because I had a lot of questions about this. Why people don't act surprised when they call. Because it's obviously edited. Well, I'm right. And they are called as soon as the person gets in the chair and told your friend is in the chair ready to be right by the phone. Right. I like to tell you, your friend is in the chair. If they have last words. They all know that. That's why they don't react. Right. Anyway. And it's very poorly edited to tell me it's not going to be released. It took an hour and a half to take my half hour show. They stopped taking constantly. They retake questions. They asked them to contact me after react and say the thing over and over again. And the questions they act like and the guy that won the half a million last night, who was pontificating and the drums were going, oh well, it could be this. And the one that he had to ask for help was duck duck. I know. What's that? Duck duck goose. Yeah. I thought that was really fun. If the president's initials are BC, you know, I mean, what is that? And me, what kind of questions are these? I don't know. And is that your final answer? Final answer? Yeah. That is annoying. It's horrible. It's a horrible show. I don't know. And I'm trying to get back on. But I didn't want to see Bob Barker. He'll fix you up. That's good show. Okay. Do it soon though, because you know, have a great day. Okay. Yeah. Better go see Bob Barker real soon because he's not getting any younger. But that's. And eight million times better show. Even though they go to Oklahoma. That's the only reason that he's done. And now we got Dick Clark. That old Dick is coming back. He just signed for another 100 years from New Year's Eve there in Times Square. And he's got another guy. They have a $50 billion show for $20 trillion. Oh my god. And then he got to bring it out and show you all the money. And then the public is out there just the eating it up. Which of course I will say this. It certainly is bad as they are. They're more entertaining. And all's got him stupid sitcoms. And these other crappy melodramas they got on there. Horrible stuff. Thank God for 50 satellite dishes. Which by the way, I want you to write down the small number which I did bring in today. Where is it? Instead of calling me with stupid questions about satellite dishes. If you're interested in the small dish. One, Triple 8 dish, help. That's a toll free number. And they can tell you anything you want to know about the direct TV. What's the other one? Dish network. Dish network. Any of those small dishes. One, Triple 8 dish, help. Which there's too many letters. But they don't want to do this hell. That would have sounded bad. Nobody wants to be in this hell. Oh no. One Triple 8 dish, help. And so instead of calling here or anybody else with stupid questions, call that number. And that's how great it is. And it was a big article in the business section of one of the papers that they What Paper was and I'm glad you asked the Harold. And it says, Kables direct threat. Big article about they changed it along to satellite TV industry and local channels which I'll get to later on maybe. And as usual, I'm like light years ahead of all the rest. I'm telling you, say goodbye to the cable company. There were a bunch of grave robbers. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. Neil and Joe, you're a show. And I just want to call you. I call everyone's in a while. I'm always in New York and I'm just kidding. Neil, do you really think, well, I know you don't. These people are pathetic. Do you think that these people think they care about the welfare of this kid? People are just making themselves a big show for nothing. Yeah. You know, Neil, I worked hard on my life. I got six daughters that I educated them in my life. But the thing over here is, I think we got kids right here. And even these kids didn't all do business in the world. And things that they did, everybody just slobbing all over this. I think it's, I think it's, I think it's an outlet. And he's got that little puppy dog that's trying to pull his pants off by the way. I mean, what's the amount of times we're going to feed that threat? There are a lot of kids out there who live in poverty who'd like to have a little puppy dog. I'm probably running out for a little puppy dog food. Neil, most of the kids will love to have a warm bed and some food in it. Right. Before I went to bed, you know, Neil, I enjoy your show a lot. I don't get to hear your laugh because I travel, but I call you occasionally. But I really stand up for what you stand for. I'm a good day. I'm a good day. And I'll pray for you. And that's how to eat late. All right. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the 18T line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. How's it going here? Okay. Good. Don't talk to you a lot. Are you there? Okay. You heard from, you know what, Glenn Hill's doing? Oh, yeah. Oh, you're right. This must be something here. This is the week all the crazy people came back from. This is it was from Zeta, no less. If you have a normal people are sick and bad. Yeah, that's where all the normal people. We all got the crud, the intestinal flu and the influenza and a cough and a puking and they are, that's who. Wow. George was warning me about this from his experience yesterday. All these bizarre pathetic people made it come back today. Wow. Wow. And. You don't have to see that. Yeah. 1056 at 560 WQAMs. Jim Bocaford talks for driving in right here. I'm supposed to read you 560 QAM. One, two, three. I made a few college and average this week. I have a lot of money. Look, not much of a frame. Like most of you voters who were just this late. But that's what I'm saying. One thing that you can, my daddy is the next president. I got money. Power. It's up to the lose. I can do everything I choose. A little bit of cash is all I need. Is satisfied my ego and my grade. When it related, marketing is all I use. A garnered boat for more hours. Just like you. That's cool. And they put in the last. I don't think I'll have that. Remember to vote for George Bush and those of you who don't. You can kiss my touch. You see what matters to me about the presidency. Is that a makes a nice conversation page. I'm the king of denial too. I have no problem. Lying to you. So why is it so important for you to know. Whether or not I did blow a little bit of cocaine. A man knows a little bit of truth. A little blow. When I elected our voters and all that. When I put up the nonsense. Drating. It's 11 o'clock at 5.60 WQAM. We got a couple of little entrepreneurs in 20 or 30,567560. Here's my me. Hello. Yeah. Good morning. Yes sir. I'm a few of the head of the captain too. We're running down high 95 the other day. In the funeral procession coming along. They have two guys. Not more. Please. The private on two little motorcycles. So many in and out of traffic going in the emergency lane. About 60 miles. Who the hell are these guys? And how do they have the right to dry like that? Would not that be police officers. Have you ever experienced that before? Well, these guys do our funeral police. Oh, yeah. The death police. Yeah. I understand that. I mean, are they trained? I mean, these guys sit in and out of traffic. Well, I don't know. Why did you conduct a little survey on that sir? When you find the answer, call us back. I'm sure that the inquiry minds that the audience are just dying to know. There's someone we'd get lucky to be. The answer. Those are the kinds of things that I'm very, very concerned about. Effectors spend hours and hours scouring through in cycle of pd is all over the internet. All of the worldwide wealth of literature trying to find answers to questions like that. Right? Oh, my God. Five, six, seven. What would happen all of a sudden? All of a sudden there's kind of like a turn. We took a turn in the road. By the way, thanks to the people who came out on Saturday and Nixon. Thanks to the people down there and next there were wonderful folks. And thanks for coming by Danny. Wrong Danny, but yeah. Oh, yeah. Don't stay away too long, Danny. In fact, what is girlfriend or whoever that lady was is sister, whoever you think she was. Goes to Amsterdam. They all keep Danny company. 567, 0560,<|th|>560 on the AT&T line. It's a miracle we had anybody show up because it was only like moments before the appearance. On Saturday, that finally was out. Well, we're not going to demonstrate today. So I'm sure many, many people stayed there. Hello. Yeah. Because they weren't too crazy about going to fly restory to that particular moment. In fact, they did cross my mind. Here's a mobile in DROB, Chilo. Welcome to our U.I.I. I wasn't very well. I'm heading south now. I'm almost, I'm in Broward. Anyway, how are you happy New Year? And send you. Can you tell me your name? I hear your fine. Okay. Just a couple of comments. And then I'll let you speak. I wonder how many of these people that are out there demonstrating in the streets. If I open the training camp out in the Everglades tomorrow, train people to go fly to over in Cuba to free the country. I wonder how many of those people that are in the streets would sign up for this camp. Probably not. Right? I don't know. Anyway, also. Isn't that a clock that they fly at those? A one? Is it their flag? A communist flag? Yeah. Why in Cuba? That's all I thought. Okay. Have a great day, pal. It's all material. 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and a nice palm beach. Hello. How are you doing now? Okay sir. I need to let talk to you about this last week. You know, these guys, these people down in the Miami, they're not Cuba. What do you mean? You talk to me about me. You want to say the same thing again today. I don't think so. 5 6 7 0 5 6 the pound 5 6 the on the AT&T line. See what if people do that? He talked to me about it last week. He wants to call and say the same thing again this week. Now, you can probably get away with that in the other shows because when I left you on Friday the first call on one show I don't want to make it cool was Woody, you know, Steve from Hollywood. And of course the screeners on those shows, even though they do intensively screen sometimes whatever they're in the motor right of the host, I want to talk to whoever wants to up pick on them. They just, did they ever get those voices? No. So it's the same old tired people saying the same old tired thing. Sorry, pal. Give it a rest. Put it down on a ground water at little bit and see if it grows. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm a photo journalist. I've been to Cuba about four times now. I'm American citizen, born in Cuba. I'm in my 40s. And I think most people, my age and 30 to 48 probably are pretty moderate concerning a lot of the information on Cuba. I believe that the. Pretty moderate when pretty moderate considering the information. And Cuba, what does that mean? Well, I'm saying, I think that many, many people, my age, the silent majority of Cubans believe that the embargo should end because I've been there so many times. You know, nothing's going to happen. Nothing's going to happen with what's going on the embargo now. But I think that a lot of people forget one thing that it's not, it's not an economic situation. It's definitely. I think it's a, a repressive regime. But the thing that would always linger in my mind concerning this boy is regardless of what anybody says here. I don't, I don't believe that it's a, in from my standpoint, it's not necessarily an anti-caps prototype protest. But I would be chilling. Well, I mean, in, in my situation, I'm saying it's not because my, my belief is that based on the fact that I've been there four times, I can never be convinced that there is 100% sincerity and what the father is saying, unless he was literally physically here along with, sir, everybody, I, that's not, that's not the issue. Like I said before, there are two separate issues, two completely separate issues. The one issue is you should, the kids stay here or should he go back, which is for the I and S and the courts to decide. And the other issue is how much, how much crap do the people live here after put up with? That's the most important issue. Yeah, I'm not, I'm not for you or for me to decide whether the kid is going to stay here or not or a bunch of crazy politicians or crazy bunch of old-man-enabled people. It's not the law to decide. This is a country of laws, not a country of energy. I agree with, I agree with protest, but I do not agree with the types of protests that have been going on. Well, that's the issue. That is the real issue. Right? Other stuff is, that's, that's, in material to us. The other thing though, that kind of also bothers me a little bit, though, is that any, any straw, especially in the last couple of callers that you had, any type of strong, strong anti-Lion sentiment, always also has to be viewed with some, quote, unquote, anti-cubin sentiment also. And I think that you've realized that. What do you mean anti-Lion sentiment? Well, what is any of the things that you see? Well, if I look at the dictionary, will I find that? No, no, probably not. But I was in that meeting. There's some people that figure that feel that he should say, some people that feel that he should go. And I think that many people that are vehemently, toward, particularly, that you're making a long thing out of some very simple, and there are people who don't like Cuban, and therefore I wanted to go back. Well, I didn't take that long to say that. I could have said that in five seconds. Let me try it again. There are a lot of people who don't like Cubans in general, and a lot of those people want him to go back. Four seconds. Pappa, pappa, pappa, pappa, pappa. Am I impressed by the Ruby? Is that good? No, not at all. All the thanks for coming some good times, sir. And you really did. You've bushered it. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Anybody know what he said? No. 877-775-6345 on our world famous out of town line. Let's try Western. Hello. I will. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I want to clear something up. Rob Smith is from New Hampshire, not Maine. I said the way I made a mistake. I said, oh, no, I was one of those young states. Yeah, but you know, easy to be an embarrassment to the state of Maine. Okay. And I don't know if any Republicans out there would ever do anything for anybody. Be truthful. You know, if at least politicians, they all want to have 50 minutes of state. We get on the bad, wet gangwagon in Washington and other areas. And we can't really represent and try to take care of the people's business to be a lot better. They are on the state what what senators from Indiana and for me, they've got to do with what's going on here in San Florida. I'm not a standard. Nothing. Now, now if I'm a, uh, so the Graham says something. And I could then ignore that. Just ignore it. And if Senator Maxis something just pulled your ears. That's right. He's he's he's the same as that. The fact he's going to be gone. Ask him how ran that he's doing at baseball team. I have a great day, Pearl. Okay. Thanks. That Connie Mack, members. Great. That, oh, yeah. I've been a chapter 11 at 560 W to Q. I'm sorry, mother. I'm sorry. Uh, Jenny and Danny, uh, Jenny and Danny. Jenny and Danny, Jenny and Danny, Jenny and Danny and Danny, Jenny and Danny, Jenny and Danny and Danny and Danny. We have a mobile from Miramar. Hello. I can hear me all the time. I got a question about it. Jimmy and Danny situation. I had. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. Jimmy and Danny and Danny. Jimmy and Danny. 1113 at 560 WCM. By the way, in the story in Saturdays, which paper is the hero about Cecil? Oh, yeah, we talked about Cecil. In a story in the Saturdays, a hero. It says host on local radio sports talks shows have picked up the theme about the him no one is brought, saying unnamed in ciders of her relationship between the two from Collins himself. Even though of course he denied that in his confession. And then it goes on to say WCM sports commentator Joel Rose, who has discussed the case on the year set on the Thursday broadcast that he was subpoenaed to test to buy in a case. What do you guys say? I like the Wii Wii. Yeah, probably. The state attorneys office citing the gag order would need the confirmed order to neither the subpoena had been issued to Rose. How do you like that? Grab the wood. Yeah. Unbelievable. See, even if they did have a relationship, I realize that some of the jobs in the present is radio station have a hard time understanding that if you have a relationship with somebody, you don't take the screen off their window and break in five thirty in a morning. Usually. Of course, it could be a little bit unusual. It'll be different. That's the way it's done here. Who knows? Only the experts on a station would know things like that. You were trying to dip his wick a little bit. That was fun. Sure was. Sure she thought so too. 11 14 at 5 60 WCM. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, to change the subject matter, but there's actually something in the editorial section of the the rag that Harold last week that I thought was significant. One of our high school principles and sexually harassed a couple of his teachers and his secretary was found guilty and made the school board made a pay over a half a million dollars. Oh, right. And he was made to pay over a hundred thousand dollars and then guess what his punishment was. What is that? Examination nice cushy. Read your sign. Yeah. I got rid of them. Not prosecuted. They must have thought he was a priest on the side. That's what I'm saying. That was a bad for the way we're teaching our children. So a figure of money. There was a point that you don't have enough money and here this betting all this money to be able to sky out. Then how many more times are going to have to do it? And by the way, whatever happened with that prostitute they're wring, which is now almost the year old. That story. It's Taylor. Yeah. That's the police. The police and Brown. Yeah. What happened with that? And what happened with the school teacher in the Hollywood with that young boy that they moved in with the family. Oh, that's tough. That was a model. But whatever happened with it. They did this idea. They don't care. They just want to all that stuff. I forgot we got alien. I have a great day. So we got alien and Jimmy and Danny. We don't have to talk about those things doing. Oh, no. Because nobody wants to. By the way, somebody sent me this from the Irish independent, tried to December 10, 1990. And I'm just a couple of weeks ago. A month. First time I think I've ever received an Irish newspaper. So thank you, profusely. It says, pedophile priest long-range terror. How do you like that? In Ireland, no less. There's no fact in the church. A retired priest yesterday pleaded guilty away horrendous, underlined horrendous, litany of sexual abuse against alter boys. What a shock. What a surprise. The 71 year old admitted 41 sample counts of sexual assault, buggery. And in decent assault in the period from 1966, rectum, 1982. He didn't just destroy their lives, he rectum. The retired cleric said impassively as a detective guard took over three hours to outline his catalog of horror, a detective guard. I don't know what that is. The ex priest faith, the total of 108 indecent assault charges, a shocked, shocked in camera court heard how the systematically buggered alter boys in several occasions in West Donagale over a 17 year period. He bugged him in their West Donagale. I thought if he bugged or somebody had seen their rectum, anyway. One of his 26 victims was bugged, umpteen times. Is it an acorpocating in Ireland? No wonder they haven't problems over there. You know, it says he was bugged, umpteen times from 1976 to 1979. Maybe pray, pray, pray down the innocent altar boys after you're luring them to broke your houses, his car, and a church locked them on occasion. What are the assaults to place in the secrecy of a church where the priest was saying, mass? Yeah, he said, oh God, that's good. Did he take the guard or told the court when we confronted by the priest behavior? One of his appears after he wanted to probably shifted somewhere else. Just in line with what this guy just said, do we want to like reassign him, maybe? Yeah. So we can lessen kids someplace else far away from us. Then let it be there problem. The randomals anyway, let them lose their soul. There's no fact in the church. Unbelievable. Is it unbelievable? No, very believable. Here's a lady mobile and cruel spring. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, how are you? Okay. This is Renee from button lovers. Oh, hi Renee. How are you? Hi, how are you? Hi, how are you? Renee, yes. I'm sorry. I never saw Renee spelled RE and I guess it makes sense. RE and AI. I just wanted to call and thank you very much for reading my letter. Well, thank you very much for sending your letter and for sending these buttons to. Oh, you're very welcome. I had some interesting cue. I everything on the radio. It comes home and tell me what the topic of the day is. Of course. And when he told me that they about early on, I had just had enough. Next time you make these, you have to remember to put the essential over the A. Okay. Just just so we are, you know, correct. So we are, uh, we'll be putting the end otherwise correct, right? Exactly. It's panically correct. It's panically correct. Well, I just don't want anybody to get the wrong idea. I do love children. I have to hold my own but I think defensive Renee, don't be defensive about that. No, I know. But I just still started for this little boy. Everybody's like making such a big issue. Yeah. He has no clue what's going on. Right. So again, I just want to move on. He wants to stay here. He don't want to go back in so many words. Oh, yeah. I think I said about how to dream. I thought how to, well, I want to thank you very much again and that there's anything I can do for you. Please feel free to give me a call. Okay. We're nay have a great life. You too. Bye. Bye. Bye. That's Renee from BS button lovers of Karl Springs with a McCall kind of neat buttons. She's the one that sent me the band, Ailyon buttons here. Which are not personal for the little kid of course. You understand that? Oh, well, think about it. There's a little message in there. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty on the AT&T, wireless lines, Jimmy and Danny and Ailyon and Danny and Jimmy and Ailyon and all a whole bunch of illegal aliens. And you wonder why I just, you just stop. Look yourself in the mirror. Ailyon. What was this all about? What is all this? Verbiage this incestant. Butbapapapapa and how come it's like mynastana Halala, Alala, Halala, Hazet. Why is this night any different from any other night? Why is this kid any different from all the other kids? Why is that? And I think the answer is obvious because this is the the bandana Republic. You know what I'm saying? I mean, if he would have washed up on a shores like most other places like in Maine since I mentioned Maine before and since it's the coastal state. What do you have, they're been a big team of sub-out of there? Oh, I don't think so. Only in the banana republic baby. Only in Miami. I mean, you know, the I and S. What have decided of course what have decided and what have been a big stink in a big sauna dance and whatever they decided because a case of rossarra stores they would have come in and saw it for them. So not here. Here we've got to go through all of this agony and twisting and turning and turning and politics and crap and 85-mucle, puttnissios and here's Joe Basuto and Joe Carillo and Mayor Pampinga Pecania and all these other uh, lung kids, lung kids. And they've already spent over $4 million by the way in Dave County to probably want to be in a half a million, maybe a million dollars in the county and especially in the city that's scouring desperate looking where they're going to find the next nickels to rub together. Maybe we can get my knuckles and Steve knickled and rub them together. Here's a mobile and light house point, hello. Anyhow are you pretty good? Neil regarding the kid and we just subject and talk about the galactic pot. What do you want to say about it sir? It should be the galactic. No, okay, great. Thank you. Yeah, let's talk about legalizing pot. It should be legal, legalize yeah, yeah, I agree and and five six seven, oh five do we all can we all agree anybody with a brain on that? Yeah, okay next object Oh man and as a good lesson for all you kids, might be playing hooky today. Don't smoke bad we do get just like that guy you wind up with the mentality just like him right? Yeah, here's West Palm Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. I just want to share an observation that my daughter may have to pick her up. Way pal share a way. I had to pick her up from maybe we can get some closure on this. That this happens to do with the worst team. Well, don't even go there. Well, can I tell you real quick? Yeah, I had to pick her up from school was about 955 when we got in the car. So I clicked on the radio to you know to start to listen to your show and they were still on and we listened to about maybe a minute two minutes of those guys. Kids my rear end. Yeah. Here's what my daughter says. Okay. She says that those guys sound like the three-stood just yeah exactly a nine year old and the nine year old making that off even a nine year old girl is perspiration just enough that we got the three stooges on in the morning on the station. Yeah another thing I'd like to say I don't believe that boys ever go although I believe he should go back I don't believe he'll ever step foot back in Cuba. You know what I couldn't care less. I mean I agree as long as he's he's he's in a no lose situation except that he's got to go through all of his crap but in the end ultimately if he stays here he's going to be a hero and be treated like royalty and if he goes over there he'll be one of the privileged few over there already Fidel is been whiting and dining daddy and maybe even the grandma and all and he's got nothing to lose. Did you see Larry King last night? Yeah I'm still sick over. Did you see where the one the the knee or the cousin? We've already talked to him and he told us he doesn't want to go back the Valley girl cubano. And then the other guy said well you know most six year olds if you ask him to go to bed they're not even going to want to go. Right. Of course one of these here and they got him the puppy and take him to Disney World and he's got all these material and glitchy things and oh yeah this is good. This is what I think I want to stay here you know. Yeah well that's all I got to say and have a great thank you. See it's pretty simple. But in the meantime there's so hypocritical they're saying oh well what's going to go all the propaganda over there and how they're brainwashing over there and in the meantime they're brainwashing over here. Wishbone just take it as kid as a human wishbone. I told you that two weeks ago and I was as usual correct am I right? Absolutely correct. Thank you. A human wishbone being pulled and yanked and twisted by a divergent interest most of them don't give a flying crap about him. Couldn't care less about alien. Here's for Waterdale. Yeah I thought of one of the guys who's going to mention this morning on the station but when they had that attorney for UDI net eek with the one with the schmanta on his head. Yeah yeah one who never heard of it you let me know. The real honest one you know um who got a fan said they had a woman who went to Cuba who does Cuban studies who is I guess he's American citizen he said there's a law on the book that stopped local politicians from doing with that judge dea so if I and this wants them for us that they could feel for that boy back on the fourth day. Yeah I don't know how a local court can be holding the right. I mean a federal court which you know they're going to try to go to federal court but a local court judge is going to issue a ruling over to uh overrul the i.n s I'm I'm sorry I'm not buying it. Yeah and even they're not buying it really they realize they're on thin ice. And my my big question is this judge Cuban? No she's uh Puerto Rican. Just Puerto Rican? Yeah yeah you're a cater like Puerto Rican. I have to add the question with cops all of a sudden where would she a couple of weeks ago she just jumped up and in and made this rule no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no and didn't you just eat she had like a switchblade sitting next to where they're on the uh on the Dio sub there and she has a switchblade she's Puerto Rican. This is one thing I want to say is that uh the only thing this is really going to do is make every every black Anglo Korean fusion and every other Vietnamese. Yeah yeah both the amount on the next election. If they've got a direction coming I want to see how they're going to stamp that they're question that they were seeing on the screen. Okay let's see if it happens man. Okay I don't go but I'm in broad we'd like to. Okay see In fact I'm going I'm going to send it that thing I got the voter registration card We're not on a broad line with a fill out and send it in this week just to make sure I don't miss out. Because even though we can't vote in theaters to our people like you know senators We've honed for you our anti-cony Mac right there you go. President Day little minor things like that Only I've said it before it's interesting in this country the politicians who affect our demon lives the most the local and state politicians the least amount of interest is in and the President of course who's as this and as can be immediately doesn't affect our lives directly as many or he is much That's where all the interest is because it's a big thing that's what Baba said he's got a big thing 26 after 11 at 5. 60 WQM heat Kim Volcaford talks sport a black-end right here on sports radio 5. 60 QA have anybody have a heart or a liver tonight Oh Get the club the club. Oh, okay. Hold. Joe is this is? Yes, you did on him. Okay I can't even lift this thing and it hurts my wear Don't go any sort of the gun. Let me try something hey hey hey Mr. Bandai drop the darn gun Thank you the new series begins tonight on the world's most threatening cops. Okay It's 11 30 at 5. 60 WQM the hangover show from cool Am I right about that it is to them confused about what they did is cool city a two o'clock big-side book shambings I'm all right about that at 6 o'clock hurick who basketball at scene hall wow anybody gonna be listening to that Oh seven o'clock tonight and capital after the game Here's a mobile in sunrise hello. Yeah, sir 23 points are like the making and get your reactions Corretting the mother died Doesn't this sun belong to the father One would think so, but there are staying away. He circums this is anyway Well, yeah, I'm the first of all. Let's go down because there are many many people who are here and in the fact I heard them saying I'm king lies But a lot of us have relatives back in Cuba. Well my question will be why Do you know what I'm saying why why are they still back there? Why are they here? Why would you abandon your relatives and come here? You follow what I'm saying yeah, I understand that I just did so so if that argument is legitimate They need to be with his father then how come it's okay for a whole bunch of people to be so called exiles to be here and yet they still have relatives over there And people would respond to that by saying what if you can get out you get out Easy on boys so brother raisin and then he's 18 you must be all the people These these people's response to they would be that the father will not be raising him a feed deli will be raising him But that's you know a little bit hysterical yeah I mean like I said it's a waste of time to debate should he stay should he go back? There you can make a great case for either one it's a waste of time and why what how does that affect our lives? It doesn't right so I just you know the common sense is a mother dies you should be with a father That's just my thing okay second point I want to make is You were talking the rest two or three weeks about everybody point the finger at Danny point the finger at Danny and Jimmy point at a Danny Jimmy Danny Jimmy Danny Well, I'll tell you what we were next on Saturday I said it George every so I pointed the finger with Danny but wasn't the same Danny That's today. Look at that. He said I don't care not anyway Danny showed what he could do and I force call Lisa okay every great day so call the sports show I don't want to talk about it. I'm not interested they beat a girls team. It's it's ridiculous this town So called sports fans and a so called sports column is like any the pope who was writing just three four weeks ago Oh play off some I even bought it right in a wasted time and now I we got a shot. We got a shot They be I'm gonna tell you see I don't probably couldn't have beaten pepper high on Sunday all right? Oh yeah, but we gotta have hope we are yeah Quit living in a delusionalary world, okay? Especially you nerds on at morning show God Especially number 80 Here's sounds B. Hello. Hi, Neil. I don't want to take your sin. Okay. What was that hello is this a real voice? Hello Hello I guess I kind of sounded at me like a phony voice didn't it? Did sound you like a phony voice yeah 567 05 50 560 on the AT&T wireless level level about it here's Hollywood hello Hey Neil. I got a Cuban fellow working for me Great back. Yeah, yeah, and he yeah. I got a Cuban fellow working for me and he and and Every time you see the bearded one in in in in in Cuba Oh Yeah, there's always a mob of a half a million people watching and I said the George how is it that all the he's so hated and yet there's so many people watching his speeches And he told me because the local communist leader goes around all the shops and tells him they gotta be hit this rally or else Well, that that might be that part of it is true, but what a lot of people here don't want to admit and it's very Agrating them and their freight is gonna happen this kid here is that from the time that they'd and they do a great job of brainwashing just like we do over here Or even better so the idea that most of those people Dispies Castro and they can't wait to give him that isn't true. Right. That's not true. I agree What I was getting at is is this guy's girlfriend works at radio station 670 W W e and this guy W w f e yeah, it's a radio f a yeah Right about this one You know and his girlfriend works here with a station manager when this thing was going on Hold everybody in a station. Let's go. We're going down to the street and and this girl She didn't want to go down there, but you know she ended up down there So the same damn thing just you know in reverse so now the retribution is a political exactly exactly But they had that culture has given us a lot of great things. You know guy a bearish shirts cocaine Okay, everything. No, they did not give us cocaine 560 50 50 50 50 50 60 on the 18-t I bet you the Spaniards had glabbers before the Cubans Am I right? Okay, thank you. Yeah, I'm sure Ask enemy K he'll tell you Give you a look 560 pound 560 on the 18-t wireless line, but that horse me now we're talking Isn't that what it's all about? I'm sorry. You're not a fake boy. I'm sorry about that. Hello. I know. Yes. Yes. This is not a fake boy I called you early for my MP. Okay, it sounded like Margaret to me. I'm sorry. I did I want a big kiss I'm here 1.0 point that no one like I said. How is it that my premonition is so good? Thanks a lot Margaret. Are you sure? 560 50 560 pound 560 on the 18-t wireless line Here's a mobile in derail. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Um Point. I don't know if anyone's brought up Wouldn't uh, if he were sent if he were allowed to stay wouldn't that concentrate the international incident which the United States could be held for uh, well, what incident would that be you know, cancer is always threatening is gonna do this He's gonna have bigger demonstrations. You know what? Let him demonstrate who who get his a crap are we impressed by that? No, who cares? No, no, no, no, no, no, I'm not referring to I'm not referring to Cuba. I'm referring to the international community based line. Like who's gonna be captured about that? Well, I mean the United States is just looking at the name me one country in the world that's gonna be interested in this. Okay, but the point is I know no no no no no no, the outcast not a name of a country give me the name of one country in the world that's gonna be interested in this dispute over immigration Okay, I don't think about him call me back. Okay. I don't know where's that on the map. I don't know Don't do good habit and castella routine. Where's I don't know on the map. I don't know right next to okay. Oh, I'm for who's on first? What okay 567. Oh, 560 Oh, man Yeah, like like Mr. Putin there in Russia. That's gonna be his first act. No, I'll bomb up. We're gonna drop a bomb if you don't To do the right thing by the kid is you gonna worry about that. Oh, no He's the worried about what they're gonna do. I will god damn yelts and god. I'm gonna keep uh, you know right from the snout office to push. They keep doing all over himself 2384 noon at 560 W QA only one South Florida radius week they happen in the two sports radio 560 QA 2 sets of red. I know. Oh, look No year 2002. Oh great memory Ricky Martin Ricky. It's 1141 at 560 W QA. I'm on a great Tuesday. Well, I got to go home this afternoon after my stress test I got every doctor you can get me in different directions. I'm gonna do my stress test for about two seconds by the way see I we've had problems in his building we've had two people in his building who've had relatives draw a diet and treadmill doing those stress tests because cardiologist my good friend doctor dick happens to be a cardiologist he's a good guy but they're always looking for your heart you know what I'm saying they're always looking for a heart thing so they're big on stress test. Oh keep going thank you well I'm not gonna drop I'll do it for like about 30 seconds and that's it and then tomorrow of course the time after I get home after my stress test then I got a drink that good the crap what is it called floor floor something oh god it puts you on a floor or something soda it's made by the uh rectum people go seriously what are the what is the name of the begins with a D the the brand name that's all they make is like in a musta you know about when you have to go do for a exam what the whole same name of that thing oh geez somebody will know can't believe I forgot that isn't that something what a crappy business that's all they do is make black dome stuff but you got to drink that with your gate or rates we have a little bit of electrolites in the soda even potassium luck in your body because it really things you out so I'll be busy don't be calling me this afternoon in this early this evening it's really real busy and then maybe I'll watch that least bro one's game in a way the least are plainly really busy so they're and then I got to get up tomorrow morning and do the same game stuff again drink the rest of that stuff and then go do all that stuff let him put the tube down my throat enough mine and see if they see anything in there see anything no no it's like one Gregory went for the brains game they see anything no here's a mobile in Miami Beach hello yeah hi Neil great show this is a great show this like yes Mike they had a judge rule that did if the kid went back to Cuba he could put in physical emotional and mental I don't have use that that is what you know but nobody brought up the point about this mother putting this kid on a weeky boat uh-huh the cross-the-ocean right but thinking what kind of use is that on the mother yeah what kind of irresponsible bigs was he that I would certainly agree with that exactly in the other the other the other the people on the other side of the coin would say oh but look how desperate that they were running to risk their lives for freedom and yada yada yada yada so that is exactly what they would say if anybody that would risk a six year old kid life on a league boat I have to wonder what kind of parents he was you know this one was willing to risk her life I do believe that but if I have a child right I'm a mother or a father the word you're responsible I'm taking my dog with me yeah you understand what I'm saying if I move to a partner I'm taking my dog with me and that's the way I take my little dog with me I hopefully leave him behind anyway the other thing is I can't understand why these Cubans are fighting revolutions over here in the street you know in the state so they don't take it back to Cuba and fight this revolution okay I have a great day 560 5050 5060 on the AT&T wireless line here's a lady mobile and crossbrings hello hello hi Neil yes ma'am hi actually it's an abomination the whole thing I set up at night pulling my hair out trying to figure out like what do you do in the situation like this the only soon I think this family is interested in is the money for this little boy there'll be movie rights sell the let's do it three school there's everything there's life free store our store oh yeah we store oh somebody's gonna make a movie and also their money and there's been about giving him citizenship yeah we got people that come here the right way way go to school they're proud to learn to become an American they have to wait to citizenship I I really am set up I'm set up this the way they proud the streets think the land rights it's it's an abomination yeah what do you think I think I you know I just would like to wake up tomorrow morning and it's all over you don't have to it's like this intestinal crap I've been fighting for the last time you know I heard and I was trying to think of the medicine and I had the test oh you know tell me how bad it was well I honestly honest they said Twilight and that they were gonna knock you out Twilight and I looked at the doctor I said do something I swear I went to sleep I woke up I never knew they were near me I swear to you great because they're gonna knock me up pretty good because they're gonna go back to me and they went down the other meal you did both you did the end off we're gonna call this thing right great well that's what they're doing me they're turning me around and they're going in both ends I hope I hope the different two by the way I say I hope we're the different camera oh well my husband said the same things if they do these one end of it but the two oh oh oh I don't know I don't know I'm heard have a great day thank thanks to the research and so okay oh it's not with the deets with an aphids called I should have asked here I can't do the name of the uh as soon as I say it you would know it okay a fleet fleet who's in that fleet fleet and I was fleet uh and clear everything I make is wrecked home related yeah I guess they're stock probably pretty crappy too huh wow if they had any yeah they got this really great it's called phosphosoda that's what the name of it is fleet phosphosoda and it tastes like purely they warned me don't try to drink it straight it tastes like crap yeah and drink it real real slow mix it with your gatorade and drink it real real slow and then you drink six or seven big glasses of water and then you run keep you up the streets keep you real busy I think I just to get even my cardiologist I should take it before I go for the stress that huh can you see my action then I treadmill yeah I think you get me out of there real fast here's a four waterdale huh yes sir hey what's it going how you doing yeah you can make me crack up here it's Mark over with the four of those associations of the um here in paramedics they're doing okay good good this is for the guys that come on out whenever you have a medical man when one emergency right we're just looking to know even you do you show on your support for the paramedics WK sure wait no this contribution the donation we've been yellow written out here uh huh things about a week together yeah no contribution Mark will pick the knee cow away yeah yeah I do you know there are a lot of a lot of paramedics out there you can have them bring it over personal and deliver it oh you like that let me ask you are there any straight paramedics uh that depends what day of the week it is uh I thought okay hang out you're a giving the address we'll probably we'll plan to hear probably we'll fly it we'll wave it and the decal too yeah yeah yeah he knew why he's looking for some cash hey those paramedics boy paramedics and firefighters yeah there's something about those young paramedics and firefighters I don't know exactly what it is but boy I'm about one time in Boston we were doing a weekend in Boston a couple of years ago and the uh what primat house downtown and they had one of those false alarms and hotel which is always fun and of course you got to run outside I think it was like in the at the time of the year when it wasn't too warm up there which is any time except two weeks in Boston and we went outside there was a fire truck in front which showed up then good is unlike here when we hit our false alarm did the fire truck show up and it was about a block and a half a week no there two busy plane pinackel down there are playing with each other or sliding up and down the grease pole but anyway I remember very uh vannit very vividly he was vannit and I was vivid walking out the front door the trimmant house there on trimmant street in Boston and I looked out there and I saw fire fighters remain perched high on these long ladders a hoses in hand and I said to myself wow that's what all the firefighters are here I'm going to get a match five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line how come I best we we better add those two professions that list we're making of all the fact that the firefighters and paramedics you know what put them are at high on the list what on the top of the pool here's a lady in Miami hello. Good morning meal. Yes man great show today it is I have an efficient enough what is the back to you going I'm sorry. Something to really irritate me I'll be with all the day of the protest yes was that Catherine for an ambus rundle was being interviewed by Elliott Rodriguez on channel four repeatedly asked her what she think about the protest that she agreed with it she would never answer him her first I am what to say she understood the feelings of the Cuban people she felt the same she don't want to I saw that she don't want to say too much to be a great set if it's something to take away her gender we know blow up the I must be the I think about separation of powers I mean these politicians to me inside it is much of these people down there as as the situation itself you have a committee with the you let me say again four six seven ten right four six seven ten keep saying it over and over again if they wouldn't have made such a big semi-sad of it there wouldn't have been hardly anybody there would all but they kept banging away and bang away on me for hours right 24 seven they were on that right that they wouldn't let it go they would all morning all afternoon just on and on and there there were times when there was nobody there are a set of cops and they still were going on I'm telling you I wanted to throw up yeah it was just so disgusting stuff if we have all these people in and politics down here I mean it's no wonder we have a problem I think that's somebody in Dave County ought to call upon Mayor Pinga Pachini or one of those guys to write any emancipation proclamation to read the residents of Dave County who are emancipated from the governor of any other citizens if it doesn't have to have anything to do with you but they don't care about anyone of you to date a pay two thousand dollars for that trip to go to Washington yeah and then Mr. Corrario excuse me Corrario I mean would they have done that for the agent here no or for someone else no they're taking care of Dave County I even if they were from Aubrey public in the many times I can't say that again I'm telling you I think I don't know many other people self-esteem we either nice meal I love I live in Broward thank you five six seven oh five sixty five five sixty on the AT&T Wireless line couple of overlaps here they were all in the long sick of the same old tired son I'll do that again out of here how are you okay back to you boys by the way do you want to award the people's choice award their best group in the world's largest on impressed by that on a press by all these things he's a oblivious he's still doing his lymphed biscuit theory just can't then how they do by the way not too good here's for a lot of day hello I know how are you pretty good I think that product is called the lead flagatory no okay I was just close to that flat flat flagulated yeah something like that I just want to say I'm a computer just one answer I also am a fold by the way that uh... self-law to panders to the entire land community what were you say the entire latin community do you really believe that non-cubin latins care about alien or games all whatever's name is no no that that's not what I was referring to when you think port of regions and the caradoans and people from all the political in the caro there's another you think that they're all i and boredom is in the they were out there in a street that was not they could get to do to the exactly they have won what really in sense you can even give a little right really in sense the other day is when that uh... w and the eighteen named or team the souls yeah which was you know what uh... well that's really and they asked you seriously though is that the kind of thing that you really worry about no doubt at all but i heard first of all a w and b eighteen here is his lapable is is having somebody playing parchese in your backyard in the middle of a snowstorm in uh... taranol you know i mean what what difference is a mate absolutely just it's just more the same crap their desperate don't you understand that their desperate and of course you know as well as i do looking at the marlins in every other sports franchise in this town that's attempted to panoramic they've all just want to send way of the wind okay i'm surprised you're anything that's still going strong or the highly a cockpipes i'm just surprised it didn't go all the way just named the team the alien oh that's a good idea that probably got in the least two of the two three hundred people out there actually we have a great day back to five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen t wireless line come on let's hear about the uh... fleet enemies let's hear about colonoscopy let's hear about all these people out there sick with the same uh... see one thing about you doctors out there they're a little bit slow something new comes along and they like uh... well uh... where it's kind of unusual for something a little bit longer that long even my reading in my disease books which is a lot of fun to sit around read disease books because no matter which disease reading about you know yet that's sounds like me i got that but it says a lot of viral infections can last two to six weeks commonly i'm only today beginning my uh... this is three weeks this is the end of the third today you turn right but you talk in the blockies and i love we don't know and of course when you have all of this you're hoping that that's all it is because obviously once they start looking inside you don't want to like uh... forty-pound rocks in satia rolling around here's a lady in highly a hello and you yes man first of all i want to wish you well what you can't i've had it done and unfortunately for me the doctor chose to bring in a bunch of students who were like twenty years old what about that like five young guys and all of the doctor brings in five young guys from i procedure all say right yeah we didn't work for me well what do you mean they did the procedure yeah they did the call and i could be with no and the evidence yeah we're going to do that it was very embarrassing i didn't know they were going to do that but they come out all right so to speak well yeah and the end so to speak in the end yeah uh... so you had five young twenty-year-old guys looking inside your right you're away and uh... yeah and i'm pretty embarrassing yeah i'm gonna start it just thinking about it okay good for you maybe Daniel be there and you i just have a couple comments okay if you can bear with me the first one is that this judge yeah with hearing this yelling on thing it's under investigation by the state attorney's office should not have been in family court to begin with she was transferred because she's under investigation for campaign finance fraud so you know she didn't belong there and then another man put it like i was going to put it the mother that put that child on the boat yeah she's the one who put the child in a danger right all we can't we can't do much with her because she sleeps with the fish is now yeah but you know the guy i don't know did you read it i'm i'm thanks getting when when they brought this kid in that supposedly the man she was either married to her with was the one who organized the whole trip no yeah well i wasn't here thanks evening thank god i was a far away okay well the article i was in a real country with living in breathing people oh gosh oh nice but i remember reading jardacle and they said that the man that she was with i don't know if it was her husband or what this stepfather was the one who organized the trip and was charging people thousands of dollars for this trip and if he survived he probably beyond trial so the other one who was based on the other one the legal smuggled jobs it was not all right and the other woman who left her child behind so she thought she did it you know misporta right would be the other one who survived she was really glad that she left the child so if anybody put this child in a danger it was her and and they're making her look like some kind of a martyr she sacrificed her life for his freedom now she wanted to stand by her man you know it's what it comes down to okay as far as i'm concerned well listen thanks for the uplifting news i'll be watching well you know there's one other thing yes the gentleman that called the little while ago talking about the international aspect i think he was referring to the Geneva convention that we signed off of that no he didn't even write your key was talking about to even the earth nobody can i'll just believe me nobody else in the world cares about this trust me i hope you're wrong they got more important fish to fry have a great day sweetheart i'll see you at the table yeah okay well i'm fifty seven at five sixty double hitless and i'm psyched for this test now this is five sixty two a.m sports radio five sixty two a.m oh oh ohs All right, now. There's a lot of shame going so far away from me. But don't go worry about me. Well, she can't claim to stay, I'll look for a day, a day, a day, a day. All right, call the clock. We'll hand this out a big head right here on 5.50. W2M or Rollin' Long, singin' the song. We got some delusionary, so called football fans out there. Going like, oh, yeah, yeah. We got a shot. Get it over with already. Get it over with. I'm pretty sure you will. This weekend, get the agony in the, uh, over with. And then we can move on other things. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. And get this other thing is, and then we can move on to something. All right, frankly, is there anything else going on here? No. All of the head to three Kings Festival over weekend. You must have been there on at the three Kings Festival? Oh, yeah, sure. And this weekend's matter of fact, I'm kind of, I'm going to be presiding over the three Queens pageant in the Broward. Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil, how are you? Pretty good. Listen, I wanted to wish you the best of luck. Thank you. I have had the endoscopy done, actually, one and a half times. Wow. First time I started coughing the tube up and they knocked me out. Thank God. So I don't remember that. Second time. But after they knocked you out, how should they did? Were you were like totally out? I was out. Oh, that. And then that for me is extremely difficult. Now the second time they gave me 30 milligrams of valley, where they alleged. And I was so awake. I just could not stop talking. I yanked out the tube. Really? And he said, go to another doctor. Oh, serious? I'm serious. I'm very little another doctor. I will never again. Obviously, I will not go to him. He's Cuban. But that has that that'll explain it. But, really, Neil, please be sure. I have to have a call and I'll have to be done. And I've not had a dummy because I'm scared. So please, when you have it done, come back and tell us how it was because it maybe there's a lot of us out there that are scared to do it too. But please be sure that you are whatever they call twilight, but tell them that you'd rather be more out than in. So more out than in. Exactly. I'd certainly go along with that. Really? Probably if those five 20 year old stand in behind me. I hope you have five good, very good looking doctors and not just training. Okay. How's it, pertains to you? I got a good doctor, but he's so good looking, you know? Well, let's get five more in there that are there. Okay. Listen, pertains to A and A and A. And what's really preposterous is that he has a teacher that doesn't know how to speak English probably. How do you do that? That really gets my go to him. And that's it. Just look at that. No doubt that I'd like to say. I'll say, okay, don't forget that. Take care. I'm pleased to listen on how. How much are you? How old are they? Take care. Yeah. The good Lord Willon. And Jerry, we're used to say the good Lord Willon. That would be, he would say that just before we put his 357 Magnum Don on table at the end of the business. Here's Fort Myers, hello. Uncle Leo. Yes, sir. See, I'm just being in Miami. You know, being able to remove from the situation, I can clear up two controversy you got right there in one fell sweltering. Yes, sir. You make alien to new quarterback as a dolphins and send marino to kill. All right. Yeah. What are you standing going along? I mean, only if Jimmy can go. I get a confused. Yeah, right. Both, they need to be. That collapsed to me. I mean, the, the, I'm not saying, I'm going to say, I'm going to say, this guy's, that's the bad man. When you get it, they get, they have an oxygen monitor on your finger and they give you as much of a set of it as they can possibly give you. Really? So, I have a monitor on your finger. Yeah, we have some oxygen monitors. Take it on your finger. Yeah. They give you enough of it, where they can possibly give it to me. I'm pretty healthy. So, I was up, but someone who has a problem with, breeding or respiratory stuff, they're going to be a week for that. No, I don't have that. Yeah, you probably be out there. And it's not that bad. You know, they just push it up and you're going to look around. Yeah, the sigmoid scope and a doctor's office is worse than a doctor's office. I've had one of those. That's worse than a colonized sigmoid. A sigmoid is a sigmoid. What they call a sigmoid, ask a B. Yeah. Yeah. I've had that. And that is very uncomfortable because you're wide awake. And they just keep, I think they're asking them guys. They're, you know, they really enjoy making a squirm. Yeah. Yeah. Just get, I had a nice young girl feed and the doctor's a scope. He's pushing it in and she's over there with the dentist pan and beautiful little thing. You know, it's just right there with the perfect shot, you know? Yeah. Same thing. I literally was pregnant and burrs and he was like, well, thanks for the good news, pal. You're welcome. I'll keep my finger on it. Okay. Thank you. How do you like that? See, and if anybody believed there's a God with all this? Oh, my God. They're excavating in your rectum. I mean, I got news for you. They're not, they're not the mining for gold or like diamonds and emeralds, although they might smell the essence of emeralds in there. They might find some nuggets. You never know. You know, something else nuggets? Yeah. We've been looking for that CD for years. How much do they find deals nuggets in my rectum? I sure hope not. Maybe pebbles in bandband. How's that? Don't say Los Van, bad bandband. They get upset a little van. I see that. Oh, sorry. I said that. Los Van bandband. They get all psychotic. Here's a lady in Bokeh. Hello? Yes, ma'am. Here's a man in a gentleman in Bokeh. Yes, sir. I had that up for CD done in the town here in Bokeh. I can barely hear you. I had the CD done where they looked around and didn't nail all your up. Right. And what about you, Rob? You just did want to ask me. Right, right. And I had to go about a turn of the way in there. And I should be alone for the place. Okay. That's for you, Doc. For all of you. I think well. I'm trying to think, yeah, they make you take a fleet animal before you do the sigmooroscopy. Where they want to go about a turn of the way you turn in and they look kind of look around. But with this one of the cool lines could be where they go like, way up in there. And the two actually kind of peeks out over your tongue, I think, for a second or two, the camera. Then you got to do the whole. See, I mean, oh, John. Which, you know, something I don't understand. Why can't they give that stuff like all these people in Hellendale and surf side and sunrise. And time or after two or just they would give anything for a good bomb. Well, when the camera the last time they had, why can't they give that stuff. But what did I say, a fleet, what tell us if they have a fleet floor or something so to it? I don't make you sh**. Yeah, you can say that again. And then, of course, the interesting part is, what if it doesn't work? What if it doesn't work? Oh, trust me, it works. Here's candle. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. Yes, it is. How you doing here? Okay. I just came across a website last night on behalf of Aliens Farber. See, it was at www.gealsitties.com-half-to-freedom. And it had an international petition. I saw people on their far away from Italy and all over the place. And what was what were the Italians saying? They were upset. They thought it would charge the most of his father. Yeah. Do you think they can check it out yourself and have your own opinion? Okay. Thanks. 560560. John Rocker will be a UM for sure. He baseball game. There you go. Nice going there. In fact, Jimmy wants to sign him up. You're thinking sling it. 560560. 560. But, you know, John and the, Jimmy don't have the same ring to what is Jimmy and Danny. Just doesn't have the same, that's the same rhythmic melody. Like, oh, people all over town are doing. And Jimmy and Danny and Jimmy and Danny. Yeah, all over town are doing that now. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Great. You know, this is an ill-ealian case. It's in Darzapal to touch land before they're allowed to stay in this country. Yeah, they got to get there to on a ground before they're intercepted. But, of course, in this case, they were not intercepted by the Coast Guard. They were brought online by those two. A pop-up beach Fisher guys. Right. So, at the immigration, should have the court this kid right there and then instead of creating all this problem, we're having our hands right now. Yeah. You know, and, and, and, and, and, and, and, and changing the subject on the matter of a couple of more. A couple of more of a couple. But, what wait a minute? Well, why would that be if he got his toe on a ground before they got to them? Well, but during the year not allowed to help them. They're supposed to come in on their own. Yeah. Uh, well, you know, you're going to go towards the six year old, is it both the year old, the swim in the last six miles of that day? Come on. Yeah. I think I think he gets a little handy crab there because of his rage. I think he can, I think they get him about a two and a half mile handy crab. Yeah. So, and not only that, but if you help him, you pick it through you and Jay. In fact, he's got a lot of help. Those models of fleet, and they get say, a handy crab. Well, let's say, have a great day, Pat. You could take care of it. You could hold yourself before somebody else does. Nine minutes after noon at five, 60 WQM. Wow. Oh, Panther, it's hostie, Islanders, with the United National Card Riddle Head. It's going to be a new voice. It's going to be a new one. And Randy Moll. Oh, hey, gone, Faradah. A capture on the prowl. Panther's preview starts at seven. Here are sports radio 560. You ready? Donin' Mike. Well, blow. And now, a typical day, it's so nice just a moonhouse hole. Hey, you're Jennifer. I just see the chef looking at me. Did he look me in the eyes? Hey, yo, chef. You worked pretty hard on this day, huh? Took one, three, four hours. Well, they rove her. Well, now it's dark me. Never look me in the eyes. And now, a typical evening at the so best just alone household. You need to pick man's life alone. Wonder how he, like, is chicken soup hot or cold? We always out in luky. And maybe I dip my boys in it for a little flavor. I hope you enjoyed the appetizing Mr. Donin' Look Me in the eyes. Don't split this chef. Maybe that's what they mean by boys in Burie, animal. It's a 12-13 at 560 W to QM 560, 70560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless one as we tried desperately to extricate ourselves from this. I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. Crap. Here's Holly, would he, though? No. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? Right at the beginning. Okay. I'm watching that the alien thing last week in the news. The news guys are up on the tower from the truck. And they said, we're only here because the public wants us here. Nobody did not. We didn't want them there. I almost fell out of my head. They were only there because they were a day-to-one on a mission. I think because they were explored every situation. Every device of bunch of grab, every tragedy situation that comes along. They were exploited. You're right. And secondly, I had a sigmoid ask to be done about four weeks ago. That's a, I'm probably a little man. Yeah. Let me tell you something. When you put that thing up there, it goes, I'm just going to go a little bit deeper. I'm going to go around the corner. Man, I thought I was going to come out of my skin. Yeah. That was the most, that pain is this unbelievable. But that's because you're not sedated. No, yeah, you're right. You're right. You're right away. You know, the guy I'm front of mine had the, well, you're going to get done. He said to kick or he's going to give it a little sedative. You're all relaxed. He said it's the kick or. It's okay. The only, one of the really good things is if I get all this stuff done, the medication's cheap. The cus she likes three dollars. You get that bottle of sodium, whatever. I got that already. I got a waiting for this afternoon. All right. Those are for you. That's, that's, that's just, just part of life. It's God's mysterious plan. You know, what? That bottle was like, what? A dollar fifty two ninety nine. Right. And then you get a ball green. Then you get two to flee, right? Those are, I don't have to. I don't have to. Do that. You know? No. That was the fun part. But then, oh, that's, see, that's only for the sick one. I'll ask it. Oh, really? No, I don't know. That's, that's child's play. This stuff is really just like an H-bomb. You did, you won't have anything inside you when you get done with it. You're going to get your organs fall out. So you got a drink. The green stuff first, right? No. That's what we'll get rid of. Or die at so at a time. That's the only thing, but then there's nothing else after that. No, that's it. No, there's nothing after that. Call me. I'll be notified for the evening. Another thing I thought I would tell you, that you'd probably think was comical. My wife was out of town when all this got done. So, you know, you have to give yourself the flee, you know, if no one else was around. So, there and laying on my bathroom floor. And my little dog was licking the top of my head while laying there. Keep them in company. Excellent. Okay. Thanks. That's why I mean. Thanks. Okay. He's always looking his one. 560, 0560. Sounds like a pervert to me. And pound 560 on the 182. The knee-safe's sticking in there deeper. Right. Nothing like that. Oh, God. No. Please don't. 560 and pound 560 on the 18t. Wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, I hope everything goes very well and very smooth with the medical situation. No problem. I got a key for shaking. Yeah, I hope so. We'll see. And if not, case or ross or rye, you know. It'll turn out just fine. I got a question for that. What kind of a message do you think the president is sending these disruptors? When. I'm doing what? When he rewards people who also disrupted the peace with bombs and terrorism with a get out of jail card like he did with the in prison Puerto Rican terrorist. Yeah. I mean, I think the message is you get a year away when you react with violence and disruptions. How is he rewarding the people who are disrupting the community here? What's he done on there? We have nothing. Nothing. No. Hopefully he won't join the pissing contest and sign something that's going to let all these people who were arrested out of jail. I'd be really surprised if he did that because first of all, you got to understand. He's never going to run for political office again. So he's got nothing to gain by it. He, you know, it's much better from the stay on the sideline and he's got nothing to gain. All right. I agree. But I still think it's a bad. And of course, the advice president of course is running and running desperately. Well, of course, is in there sucking around heavy duty now. Yeah. But it's a bad message because people who did the same thing at an even worse level are let out of jail just because he feels like. Yeah, but you're forgetting they had to get out of jail free card. You're forgetting that. With a free card that was given to them by the person. You're not a jail card, right? So that that that tells these disruptors works for them. Works for us. Let's get round. Let's do something that's going to be long before he ever let any a Puerto Rican terrorist stuff. This is this going on here for 100 years. For 40 anyway. Have a great day. Going on since the beginning of that. I don't know. I don't know. Of time. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. In addition to which the president doesn't make these decisions. We have laws. We got the iron S. We got the guy in federal courts and that's it. But of course, are you just throwing all those things up because those things actually have to do with the US government and just date count of anything. Do with US government? Oh, not last time I checked. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. Yes. I'm a Cuban American. Of course, I'm a family oriented person. And the boy should be with his father. Okay. And that's this is my opinion. Those people that were protesting, they don't represent the majority of the Cuban community. And I think the facts is to the president, to the representatives, to everybody. But they don't, those people don't represent anybody here. They were only groups of people. They expected they were million students to come out. They didn't come out. So they used those to do all the noise. And I think they should have taken to jail before. They would be going to law. And now they are sending the people over to this. They will live with this union to fight complaints against their city. Because the... Because the... Because the citizens are going to defend against those and the... And the one of the corruptingist millions and dollars for this. Now let me tell you, because you are notice because this, they did a lot of things last week on TV on this Spanish TV. And guess who gave it a Yan that's for me, that is coming on TV every day now. And then you're going to popy? Yeah, who gave it to him? Be as barra, it's... Well, like in the end, the large rhymes with... Oh man. I wonder how many... I can see him. I can't stand him. No, he ought to be local. He was able to do that by school, though, that's where that guy was. And she was each other in the foot. Those two are worse than Castro. Yeah, exactly. They were... They didn't get any... No, good point. Thank you for the opportunity. Okay, bye bye. Bye bye. I asked to kill you. I don't have any. 560, 505, 60, pound, 560, on the AT&T Wireless line. As we continue digesting this and chewing on it and spitting it out. And like... Yeah, that too. Although we haven't had a lot of good brekko mock today. A lot of people out there have had these tests that had those sweet animals in that sweet, phosphosota and... There's a lot of... You know, in their lives. Here's four buyers. Hello. Hey, New York, how you doing? Okay. I'll say if... A million... A million... Step, once you're back, so bad, you should pet a lot about half way and we'll drop them off. Fine, that was from Fort Myers. I just mentioned again. 560, pound, 560, on the AT&T line. 877, 785, 6345, on our world line in from his line. 877, 775, 6345. We get one more call like that. I might just not come into more. Of course, am I coming into more anyway? No. I'm going to be busy. See, I find it very bizarre about that. I won't be calling you before about the 520 year old guys sticking the tube in a comb. I'm going to call the ask of me. I don't know why I do realize that they do bring medical students in to observe and to do procedures, but don't they do that like in... Schlepper hospitals? They don't do that like in a real place, do they? Oh, yeah. They do? They do? They're the matter of fact, the real or the more likely it is. The better hospitals are the teaching hospitals. They've had a student body. Proving you. Well, then I'm probably ought to be a little bit more wide awake. I would think that. And of course, I better check back there and see exactly what's going on. 560, 505, 60, 550, 60 on the 8 because the answer is no. I don't care what you look like, pal. No. They'd have a way. Not for this kid. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Neal. Yes, sir. Give me the perfect lady. I just wanted to give you a little perspective from the other side of the sick boy to go. From the inside? From the other side? Many moons ago as a metched it and I had the pleasure being on the other end of that scope. It's no pleasure. No pleasure from that side either. Yeah, I'm sure. What we would do is, you see the women didn't have any problems. Would you have, maybe, a homophobic guy in there. And you see crack and jokes that they were sarcastic. We would just put a little left K Y in the scope and let them have a dry. So you want to be careful. You want to be careful on that office tomorrow. Okay. Okay. Oh, good. Thanks. Oh, my God. I think I'm going to bring a kitchen case. You know, I think maybe Chuck Hesson's got a good point. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, 60, wireless blinded. Remember why I asked what kind of a person? What kind of a human being wants to be a proctologist, for example? We're all you do is looking people's rectum, you know? Well, what is that all about? There's money in that. Somebody with an ass better or there is big money in it. And then, of course, they can always tell you those magnetic things for your feet. Uh-uh. Not that I want to mention names on the year or less. Probably should have at the time. Yeah, there's some proctologist offices in this town. I'm probably plenty of medical offices in this town. You walk in the open the door and hear these strange cracking sounds. I have to do this quite the door. Here's a mobile in candle, hello. I want to allow your fears about your procedure. Why did you find out you had to get your head to have this? Oh, yesterday. Oh, really? Because I didn't hear the beginning of the show. I've had a colonoscopy. Each of the last two August. Yeah. Someone to look forward to, I guess, on the calendar. What? I said it's something to look forward to on a calendar. Absolutely. I can't wait. I saw the worst part of the entire thing by far is drinking that sauce for soda. Oh, that's today, but at least I'll be at home. I'm not talking about the result of the soda. I'm talking about the consumption of the soda. It is raw beyond your wildest imagination. But the procedure, I woke up, they put something in the IV. I went to sleep. I woke up 45 minutes later. I was almost going home. I never had a slightest crash. The slightest cramped or the slightest twinge of pain and either one. Yeah. Not one. So as far as pain goes, you don't have to worry. So I guess this afternoon after I drink that stuff, I'll be the cramped without the M, huh? You'll get the cramped. You don't have to. Yeah. I'll just sh- Yeah. Can I ask you to try to get in that Jimmy and Daddy number two that George played up? I don't know. I'm excellent time. No problem. Okay. You got it. All right. Thanks a lot. I'm fine. There's a guy with some serious experience with him. Back to him. What's on? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 5, 60, 18, 18. Well, you know something, they get very upset and watching in there about this anal. But that's part of life, you know? That's part of life. I mean, I'm not the one who invented this. The guy that you people are always hawking and trying to come up. He's the one who invented this anatomy of yours. Not nature. All the last time I checked the dog has got a rectum, a cat, a rectum, a monkey, a rectum, but he else too. Yeah. Even a hookworm, I guess, of course, a close enough, it's probably got a rectum somewhere. Because the world is full of crap. It's got to go somewhere. Here's what a lot of nail. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. All these scales of these anal adventures with the Narenes out of me. I had a barring of endomus, which was an experience. And I'm looking forward to the flexible sigway to ask the two and a half weeks. And then next month. I'm not too much fun. I'll tell you, that's a little, I mean, it's not the worst thing you'll ever do, but it's a little uncomfortable. Oh, it's not as bad as the barring of endomus. I felt, did you have one of those? Yeah, many years ago. Where they put the thing in your butt and then they blow the thing up. And then they hold the back up and it goes to the two ports. Oh, no, I never had that two ports. Oh, however much it was. It felt like two ports. Four gallons? I don't know. My colon was filled up. I was watching the scope as they took the clip off and the liquid went in. And I felt like there was going to explode. And then I started cramping. And then I thought I was exploding. And they were just, they just kept on rolling me around. Looking in the scope and taking x-rays. Probably having a good time. It sounds like. Yep. So I get the, I hope the flexible sigway to ask the reason that is bad as that. No, won't be as bad as that. Not like I said, not something to look forward to, but you'll over- As long as I don't feel like I'm going to explode. No. So that's good. And then just take a gun, take a load of gun. Just to be sure, you know. Let's see. Don't do this. It just holds it up in a wardermoth. It gets too tough. Hit the VA so they won't let you take weapons in there. Okay. Good luck, pal. Thanks. See. This is a real fly-operative day. Lots of lots of people all over this town have been busy with their... Welcome. 26 pass no. It's 5. 60 WDQL. Okay. Captain, no. Let's go home. We're gonna get a chance of a last team. And we've got only on 4th radio 5. 6. QAL. Welcome. Hell. It's down there. Kill them. My aim is. My aim is. Oh my aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. My aim is. I kid. Your like cut little fingers. Got a little sound that comes right out of you. Think about the focus. Want a copy of me and do exactly like I do. Get the age to write a little song about who will. My brain's all gone. I'll try to get my groove on. But I can't figure out which spy is growing on the fart on. And Dr. Dreas. You old man, you best dude. Damn, no. What do I sell ass? Then you look wet. Well, since age 12 it seems like I always smell that fart grip and gas isn't doing it was pretty swell. I got this off when I took my jeans off and farted so hard into my lungless backwards. Like Chris Crock. And every night I'm like, oh, get her mad. Then put up my ass, fast as a fat bitch who asked you fat. Smell this honey. You'll do it in my throat, huh? I don't give a fuck. God said me to take the world up. My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... Reckham. My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is to teach a one-on-eak kick out back in junior high. To see how the problem was, something. Prove that my ass and die. I shot him in the face with my neighbor. The worst happened later when I covered his desk with used toilet paper. Walked in the street club. My checkers were filled up. Moves the bartending took a dozen of ticker. I was like, oh, I'm so tired, girl. Went over to a dance, a head of fuck in a gong. She lifted a leg up, and I knew she was a father. I didn't know that. I said to my life, I was lied to. I just fell down my mouth. Don't get to that. Don't bite. I told her I'd grow up to be a famous rapper. They corrected about three-nones. Made on the cramper. You know you lose dirt when the women rush to leave. You try to hold it back, but you must need to relieve. Just gotta watch out for the status. It's pretty cool. But I had to go to drop the kids off and move. My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... That's it, it's 2550W. It's coming up into Atspa. 560W and 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Davy, hello. Hey. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just said in home and going by here, Nova High School. Yes. One of the top academic schools here in the state floor. It's not in the bros and Julios walking by on the lunch break. Just throwing garbage all over the ground while they're walking by. Okay, good luck. I'm ready to have a good time. 560W and 560W and 560W. I'm just thinking about the kind of people who would take the time to a weight on a hold to share that important information with us. You know what I'm saying? Oh, God. Rose and Julios. Shows and spows. Here's a highly hello. Hello. Listen, first of all, I got to tell you, George was on fire last week. I don't know. I guess you were, you got to say something. Yeah. Man, he was on fire. He was smoking at the end. He was doing very well. I'm actually very surprised. It gets better and better on the phone. And another thing about this kid, he's got me fired up. So if you were to mind him to spice up a two-choice for us, pull-ups here in High Alia. Okay. Thank you very much. No. 560560, pound-560 on the AT&T. That's one. That's it. On the AT&T, Robles Blime, we got a few openings on there, like two or three hundred. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you doing today, sir? Okay. I just have three quick things I wanted to say. And we regards to a Cuban lady called you about 20 minutes ago saying how the people that are protesting is just a small fraction of the Cuban population in Miami. Yeah. I agree with that. I'm 100%. I hope that does not reflect pad on the rest of us that were not posted. Again, in case you missed earlier, Channel 10 and Michael Putney said they had a pool. In 74% of the general community was opposed to the slowdowns in the civil disobedient. And 68% of the Hispanic community agreed. So like overwhelmingly, almost everybody agrees to the same viewpoint. That's a crap. Number two. My girlfriend, a mother has a sister who lives in the town with a protesting in Cuba. She went to the rally, but she went ahead and she said that they would go to the rally. Of course, the government told them to go. And the government also gave everyone that went to the rally. A free t-shirt with L.M. State funding. Right. You get star deans, oranges, crackers, and worms. Wow. So that's something that, you know, to think about. I'm going to the next one. Here I thought all of the party people were at Nixon's here. They must have been some of them down there too. And the third thing, some people have been saying that. The Cuban are favored more than the Haitians. As far as people coming into the US. Yeah. And that might be so. But I also wanted to throw out there. It's all the listeners, the fact that the United States, they go into Haiti. Over through whoever was there, put there with the Haitian people wanted. And nothing worked out on the contrary. The US is not done that with Cuba. I think it would be fair if the US could do that. And that thought I just want that for people who are listening here. Okay. Good luck, your pound. You too. Don't hold your breath. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. I thought it was pretty unfair. George has said last Thursday that the reason that they're not letting the Haitians in is because the human smell better. I thought that was very poor today. pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. I'll know he may have a point. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. And, Neil, how you doing? Okay, sir. I have a solution to this whole deal in, problem. Okay. They show words you custody and you should go take the kid and raise him wherever you please. That way, he's not going back to Cuba. Castro won't be a piece. And he's not staying here and will be a piece. No thanks. 560, 70560, pound 560 on the AT. I don't need no poor. Those crazy people marching up and down on to my house. I get nothing that for a murmur on the phone every day. And other than back and down. Oh boy. I'll buy my own boy. Can anybody answer me the question why in God's name the Toronto Maple Leafs need window park? No. I mean, just for a whole time, sir. Yes. Because he's familiar with the town. 22 till 1 at 560 WQA. The sports leader, sports radio 560. QA and Neil. God. Oh, Happy New Year. Danny Jenny, Jenny, Jenny Jenny and Jenny. Jenny, Jenny and Jenny. Jenny, Jenny, Jenny and Jenny. Jenny and Jenny and Jenny and Jenny. Jenny, Jenny and Jenny and Jenny. I'm acock, me in Dandy Cine and Sony in Dandy Cine? You're giving up my under variations. I want to use Veller's said Jimin, gini, mia, ginning and dimmy. What was it you, My D Oooh! I'm putting in this room and said, Jimmy, I wonder what's up, Johnny and indie Cine, I'll have the incense. So, Johnny and Dennis Cine and pink ladies and gentlemen. I've never done that turnover before. Junior did this kind of thing. Did you also have such spinning wall in neuroscience? satisf!... existence  I lost Everybody comes out while we're going to do now is we're going to set our program director on fire and offer him up as a sacrifice for God of sports. God's help. One of the lawyers is doing this for the children. Two of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. All of them. And all of them. All II. All of them. first thing I set up guys got I Americans peeking in ok can use and to not do 29 dimin Yeah, just had a call and they informed me that it might call the last to be tomorrow. Keith and Derek grew were the identical twins. They're going to be like a steering the tube. Is what I heard. Five six seven. What are our more years? This morning, I want to use the disgusting identical twin midgets there. They want to hear about a foot and a half-pull. Would you like a step on one of them? Uh-huh. Five six seven, five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, about the cone off. Could be a junkyard was Dr. Heductenobay years ago. Why didn't you do everybody think I'm all worked up about it? I'm not. You know what the worst part about us from me was the baby floor. When everybody was telling me how bad it was. Yeah. And you get there and I was always speaking out and it's really, really nothing. Yeah. Yeah, you go to sleep. I give you the demo or whatever it is. You wake up on the bed and I don't know what happened, but I didn't know pain. You don't know what was in there, but at least it don't. I don't know what was in there, but it wasn't sad. And that fluid is a given a drink that they before that pre-match. But if I mean, you know, it's just a little unpleasant and, you know, it'll make you smith. Yeah. Besides that, we and you shared for a certain time the same pathologist. Oh yeah. I'm talking about you. Yeah, the magazine. Yeah, it's a real pretty good job on me in the back. But I end up saying 50 bucks and now I have two magnets that hold up, no some other refrigerator. Yeah. And let's do this. It's a good guy. I mean, you can push him on me or anything. He just talking about him. I happen to have this kind of my hip and he goes, shut these on and see what happens. And I say, okay, so I think for them, obviously they didn't have food. He's nothing. Yeah. You know, we didn't make it worse. I could like like it happened to you. But the on my refrigerator and the output expenses of the note hold is on their refrigerator. Okay. That better you than me. Have a great day, pal. You're taking the right magnets of anybody out there want. No. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Oh, do we dare take another call from four miles? Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, I am. Hey, how are you doing? Okay. Now I got two questions or one question, one statement. The legal registration that this kid was to get killed or get hurt seriously. What is that be able to sue and what he be able to draw social security? 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T line the other time. They must be really bored in four miles that they may have. That a lot of spare time on their hands. We've been talking about some real bad predicaments. 877, 785, 6345. I'm just worried about keeping their bro right now myself and work in AB found. Here's a lady in high liah. Hello. Yes, Neil? Yes, man. Okay. I wanted to make a comment on the L.M. subject. See? Okay. The Haitian saying that they didn't see any Cubans are protesting the other day when they said that vote load of Haitians by 280. Yeah. The Haitians protesting and they keep in protest. See that they should get off the wall of ban protest themselves. They were out there protesting, man. Well, then they better just come now. So don't come blaming on the Cubans for just because they are out there. I see, but the difference being the Haitians weren't blocking the roads and slowing down traffic and disrupting the community and they never do that. They were out there demonstrating peacefully. Well, yeah. But I think that just by getting the police out there, that kind of like, heights up the crowd even more. Well, what does that mean? Hipes up the crowd. Just supposed to let them do just to go out there and block off traffic all day. The police did a hell of a job, man. It hipes up the crowd. Yeah, let's blame the police. Let's blame everybody. But the assholes who were out there swollen down traffic and blocking everybody and disrupting everybody's else's life. The answer is, oh, no man. No, no, my heart asked Cubans lady. The answer is no. On freaking acceptable. And there is any responsible, underline, responsible person in this community who will say anything different, responsible. We're not talking about Joseba Sulto. We're not talking about a professional agitators or rabble rounds. This or linking the ass ballarts or any other goddamn exploitative politicians. We're talking about responsible people, which there may be a few of us. Including those two great editorials in the Sun Sentinel from Saturday and again this morning, which I read earlier in the show. Right on the money. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless lunch. And there were a few Cuban politicians to make it look good. We're out there demonstrating with the Haitians because it coincided with this other thing. So to make it look good, Belar was out there and a couple of other people saying, I see we never did feel afraid to train. But in the meantime, let's get back to Alien. Oh my god, now what is this man doing on this line? Hello. First, that's not a good image. Feel better, man. Yeah. I don't feel like bad today to be honest with you. If this thing has been the every other day kind of an illness. I'll talk to you. I'm not talking about you. I said fat rich feel better. Oh, fat rich. Yeah. Like he's listening now. I don't think he's listening. No, you don't think so. No. I think he is. He's that he's doing magic tricks for the nerds. He's an intensive care. Isn't? Yeah, he was last night. To put a stingon, you had to, uh, that's intensive care on surprise. He had two annual plans these and a stunt. Oh, okay. Okay. Anyway, I don't know if you remember. I used to sell, uh, scopes for about two years. Yeah, you were real back home. Expo, yeah. I remember that. And let me tell you what, there was a... It always said you were a little anal. There is nothing worse than a synoscopy. Have you ever had that done? No. Four feet of hose up your nose. Oh. Oh, oh. Oh, and those job? Oh, no. No, no jobs for this kid. What do they look like? What do they look like? What are they looking for with that? Another second for a blockage in the sinus. Any kind of inspections, anything where maybe Coke is blown out of. Sign as cabin. Anyway, I demoed it in the doctor's office. He did me up against the door and shoved four feet of it up my nose. Let's not go. Yeah, let's go. Here's probably looking for the orange lines. I've got a little hint for you tomorrow. A little trick. Okay. And now this is really my wood. This is purely scientific. If you're going to... If you're going to be awake for the procedure, I'm not going to be awake. Make sure you shave around your anus and the back of your tent. No, I don't... I don't shave my anus or my testicle. Well, I'll even get that to your castilla. Okay. Because I'll get caught up in there and pull it. It's very uncorrect. No, it will not. I don't have a real hairy... No, no more so than any... You know, ordinary guy. Well, in closing, yes. Good. Ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Oh. Oh. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty, pont, five, sixty, one, eighty, eighty, wireless line. And that out of townline, if we get here from some real places that are our looses and form iris today, God, they are really desperate over there. Yeah, wow. Talk about out of material. Talk about Yahoo Village. Man. Yeah, they would have just drowned in. That kid out there. Ha ha ha. Eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, sixty, three, forty, five. One thing about four miles. Don't take this personally unless you want to. Because we got a lot of nice people over there were loosing. But there are some of you folks over there. And our sentiment generally speaking is this. I don't want to make a wild generalization. But I think I'm being fair. We're glad you're there and we're not. Eight, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, sixty, three, forty, five. Here's a mobile in Papeno. Hello. Mobile in Papeno. Oh yes, could that be another thing? Yes, sir. Yes, it is. Yes, you know, I've done a week of writing home. I was first time in Kloor. One time, listen. And I was here. Oh, I'm right. The Klooranovs could be. Yeah. I need this my first topic to Klooria though. But my wife had just had that before years ago. And she's having good to have. Her's come out positive though. And she found out she had cancer, Klooran cancer. Right. And she's in batch of cancer, she had surgery, then she had a year of chemo. And she had to go back every year for three years. She still has to keep going back. Everything was clear that Dr. did a perfect job in surgery. Right. But the Klooranovs, she was the one who, you know, brought it out and showed that she had to go. Yeah. And now I have to go for, I just found out that I have to go for that signal. So why? That they call for signal, something signal, I've already mentioned before. The signal I was going to ask it be. Yes, sir. That's why I have to go for that. Yeah. That's a little bit uncomfortable. But these people are in a little carried away. You know, you kind of like, you kind of like, you kind of like, you kind of like, you kind of twist and turn there while you're lying here because you're not knocked out. You know, but it's not the worst thing you're living in, Connor. You've got to go for the Klooranovs computer. Klooranovs could be Andy and Dostovs could be there. You're checking both ends just to be on the safe side. Oh, boy. Yeah. And like I said, I hope they use different tubes. Yeah, I have to see it a perfect doctor. And he's a real good doctor. And girl springs, real good, though. Yeah. What doctor was in? It's called Dr. Bitnett. Oh, yeah. That is the same office as my doctor. Oh, really? He's part of his with my doctor. He's a dream. And I go with her every time. And he's really dream. She's in 45 minutes and she covers for 45 minutes and run away home. No problem with whoever. Excellent. So take care. Thank you very much. Thanks. Good luck. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. That out of town line, man. It's spring and off the hook. Isn't it today? No, strictly a four miles. And the call we had from Palm Beach was pretty weak too. Remember that one? Really bad. Really, really bad. 777-785-634-85. You get George again tomorrow. I think you're like that. That's right. George is going to be loaded with good material. I bet you don't want to talk about that. You know what tomorrow? Well, I'm going to be talking about your Aynis. Don't be talking about my recto. Okay. Until we get the inside story. Here's a lady in Vahar Barrala and Tila. Yes. Hello, Nail. How are you? Okay. That's good. The new day news just finished on Channel 10. And I thought I'd let you in on this baking story. I'm Michael Putney. I'm covering information that the church wrote a raw Gregis. In fact, in her past has made money has exchanged $42,000. Yeah. Somebody's thanks me then. I had no way to confirm it, so I know that I was watching it. And 7,000 dollars, they don't know if the gentleman gave it to her or she maybe she was paying on a bill. It was through the PR man who, in fact, is the PR man of Elyon, raw Gregis. Elyon Granzales' family. And he happened to be sitting in the front row during the court hearing. And let me just read the fact that was sent to his channel 10 was reporting in a bullet and that they might be judged who just ruled in favor of Elyon. And it's recently received $42,000 from family spokesman of the family toward her reelection fund. Will that be an accurate way of describing it? Well, they didn't want to say who gave if she the judge gave to the PR man or the PR man. And his wife actually, there were two contributions, money, exchange, $7,000 once they said on television and 42,000 and another. And she also had used him, I guess, is a PR person because she was involved or is, in fact, but why wasn't she to qualify herself? Well, that's what the University of Miami law professor who died in Pudnam brought in on the air to ask if and why didn't they want them? What did Michael Magnum? Yes. And they asked, and the professor did say that the judge, Rodriguez, should have at least acknowledged that she was familiar with someone affiliated to this case. And in closing, I'd like to say one thing, and I couldn't have been the only one to saw this. Yesterday after the ruling, when you could see the judge walking back into her chambers, if you showed to them all the way, you noticed a little smile on her face on the left side of her face that she's going to a chambers. And I swear to you, she gives her wings on her body. I mean, she had a stroke. Is like the, like, off of the like John Cricin? Well, that was the profile I saw. And she gave a wink to someone. Did she give like a white power salute? Well, that's not normal. I think for judges really to wink at the courtroom. Well, all depends on what they look like here. Whoo! The plot is getting. Say this sign right here. Yeah. Well, maybe she's learning to fly. 560, 1050, 50, 50 on the AT&T Wireless Line 1257, a QAM. Wake up with the first knee. Joe Rogel, get the part. Since he goes to you. No, we'd be morning to six. Only on sports radio, 560, you A-L. Oh, that was you, T-L-A-L. Oh, right. Oh, boy. It's the one to two hours. On the football, ladies and women. Ladies, all the people around. We got the second new song. We've all stood by the tune. We'll be on the ball, keep it around. Oh! You say all is well, a little coach, and a little bit all up, a tagly up with them. I need to pay your time, and then we'll have to run. No, we'll be on the ground. We need to end that battle, John. If you don't bring me to the jail cell, lock, you don't have to be. You'll be. You'll be. You'll be. You'll be. You'll be. You'll be. You'll be. You'll be. You'll be. You'll be. You'll be. You'll be. You'll be. You'll be. You'll be. Okay, one or two at five, 60 WCM, I'll book a Brian F. Up. Oh my God. I can't believe that. That's the first thing we had to mistake. God damn him. Five, six, seven. I'll buy the way. You know, one thing that doctors don't like to tell you because they do like you to come back over over again, which is okay. And they do like to prescribe a lot of pills to make it look like they do something because we're all in patient. But viral infections, guess what, boys and girls? The way that I buy out makes them go away? No. No. So if you have like a lingering viral infection, which a lot of people do these days, you could pop all the goddamn pills in the world and we'll look away? No. And it's like a Linda Blair said in time. In time. Right. Or maybe not as the case maybe. It'd go on for like a very long time. Like from here to eternity. And by the way, we're the hell that Eric, we're the what's your name? What's your name, Marlena? Well, you don't know the days of our lives, dude. Well, you know what your home sick layer now then you start watching, oh my God. And there's Bill Hayes and Julie and Eolady on the shoulder of the com. Oh my God. Look at that. They brought them back dotting old parts from the from the soap opera old folks home. Man, oh man, Jean Rayburn just missed out. It changed to come back. But if you would have just gone on, you know, you aren't feels. It's a potion. Bill and Julie, I can't believe it from the gaze of our lives. So anyway, Marlena's son, Eric on it. You're anybody in this audience though, Eric? Uh-huh. Let's get that number two along with the abruer twins. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty. See when you're home alone watching the soap operas, even when you're sick on a deathbed, you watch this stuff and it makes you feel a little bit better. It makes you squeeze once or twice. Not too hard. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. And who? Buenos dias. And Vias. First time call this. All right. All right. And I wanted to share dream ahead with you right now in the last three. Yeah, okay. Five six, seven, five, six. Did we not talk to a phony people that got a sock over it and they're phoned to with their mouthful of something, probably, Smith. Five six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T, where this line is. That is the Eric Marlena's son on the, uh, that's one of these of our lines. I'm going to have to start watching that again very closely. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. North Miami. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Promise only time caller. All right. Two comments. Uh, one, you can tell you, uh, Spanish lady. I think the Haitians did try to block city nice, street and get the, you know what kicked out of them. That's 10 years ago. Oh, 10 years. And while they learned their lesson. Yeah. And then you notice by the way that after they arrested 50 people down there, I'm viscain and by the port that that area was very, very conspicuously, after the way, in fact, they had the heat gain there last night. And it were like two stragglers wandering around and that was it. There was no disturb. Oh, none. Yeah. And the last comment is, um, uh, why haven't they thought on the, uh, one of our government leaders to, uh, siblings, food these people for disrupting public and maybe bankrupt a couple of these outfits like they do to other organizations. And then they might need to make a bankrupt brother to the rest of you as ever. You say, yeah, exactly. And then, uh, or the personal leaders and when they go to that hospital, maybe they'll realize what they're doing. Yeah. Or maybe just put them in a slimmer for a couple of years for, uh, spotting civil disobedience, etc. And so on. Well, they, they shut down while you were. Okay. Thank you. Thanks. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T world of slime. Let me say it again. That was a great pool. Nice job there, Michael, Puteon, young channel 10. If there wasn't such an amoxious newscast there, antennae would start watching them because 4667, oh, that's exactly what they make me want to do. Oh, they're so bad. But they got that, you know, a Dwight Lawton Dale, but at the, since he shaved off the, off the mustache, they'll be likes him anymore. No, we just like you better with a mustache, grow up back to white. It looks like he aged 80 years overnight. Here's a mobile in Kendall, hello. Hey, Neil, I'm breaking up listening and they're talking about going ask a few, uh, let me tell you a funny story real quick. Yes, sir. When I was in the, when I was in the army about 25 years ago, I had that done, and I was a senior officer in the army. So these young doctors, you know, they wanted to really pick it to you, you know. So they took me into the, they didn't give me anything to knock me out. And they didn't have TV cameras now and all those other stuff like they had the look through the scopes. Yeah. So these two guys are sitting there and I'm dying, you know, and then because I'm awakened, you know what I mean? And I'm certain, you know, also the stuff and I, and I hear them talking, you know. And then talking back and forth and I said, what does this look like in there? Okay, so what I mean, looks like a tunnel. I want to take a look. And I said, yeah, I've had an uphill couple of times before when I had my head up my butt, but I don't know what it hell or looks like. You know, and I said, guys, me the school, he handed you the tube, how do you like that? And you look at your own rectum and you can pass on that. I'm looking up my own thing, you know, and what it looks like, looks like the Holland or the Lincoln tunnel. It's like a gray, Holland tunnel, you know. And these guys are laughing at joking and you know, that's the thing taking the turn, you know what I mean? And I'm saying, you know, boy, was this a big mistake, you know, senior officer going here for two young army doctors, you know, but nowadays, they put it on the camera and all. So you could probably get a video tape up. I wouldn't be surprised if I went up on like candid camera. But you could get a video tape, take it home, show it to your friends, you know. Right. In fact, what will just have a one, our next appearance will just show it to everybody. Take a look inside the old act of him, you know, and get everybody on the floor. Yeah. Oh, he guys are having a ball, you know what I mean? And they're laughing at me, you know, me, that this fucker's taken a turn, you know, I mean, when it takes a turn. And after a lot of guys say that I'm turning it right now. Okay, five, six, seven, five, sixty, five, sixty. On the 18, well, it felt like a finger anyway. 18 and T. Why, what if I'm talking about? Well, did I think our friends from Bacardi, I promised that the fine young man from Bacardi, I would mention to him being that our appearance on Saturday at Nixon Garce. He was a very fine young man who's a big fan of the show two, by the way, and those Bacardi girls. And of a Cardi girls, I took a picture with him, didn't notice him too much because I was paying more attention to him, but nevertheless, and how's Danny doing, by the way? Not Danny from Danny and Jimmy. Now, if you just find some good looking guy in the audience named Jimmy, we could have our own Danny and Jimmy, how do you like that? Yeah, forget about these other guys. They're ugly. Sorry, Danny, but, you know, those those Batman lips just don't make it. Nine minutes after one, or it's not the bad to the Joker lips, that's what he's got. Like the Joker. We're in the, you know, that's two reasons for a bulk of Brian the Joker. Here's a gaggy fuck, so, okay. Ooooo! consid Greg If It's working, people in our minds. Aliah! To the TV there. Aliah! To the TV there. Let's do it. We, your life, and fight for your big causes. But you with the news cameras red flashing light. I'm sure I'm not going to fight for you. I'm not going to fight for you. I think that's part of our last Miami-Days County line. Alright. Okay, what 13 to 5. 62 of you two have a least season where I'm on the good use, I guess. 5.670, 5.6, the out of town line, forget it. We don't care about them. Here's a lady in Fort Latterdale, hello. First I want to say that I've just started listening to you show very recently, and I think it's great. I'm a first time caller. Thank you. And it was my boyfriend that just me I'm to you guys. I'd like to send a greeting to him as name is Johnny. Hi Johnny. And first, Eric Brady is a cutie, isn't he? Some days of I like. Eric Brady, Jesus, where the hell did he come from? I have a watch that show since Jesus was a baby in a hundred years. And you turn on a show Marlena still the same. She looks exactly the same. And then they brought back to God. He used to be like the ranch hand on the show. And all of a sudden he's Roman, who are they kidding? You're on a show plan, huh? I see what's even funnier is when John and Marlena came back from their honeymoon. There's orders, 10 years older. So you happen to have gotting light. The kids one day they're 12 and the next day they're 20. Yeah, he's amazing. And step at all, he's only died 55 times. I was just telling Johnny all about that, my boyfriend. He's like, nine hundred lives, huh? Exactly. But I also wanted to comment on that alley on thing. It is so us and I. I mean, just send him back to his father. I leave this alone. He must be the most important person on the face of the earth. You know, I'm all the coverage he's getting. I know. And you know what? These people would stop protesting if the press did not glamorize them. Yeah. I mean, that's all there is to it. Just remember, we're channels 4, 6, 7 and 10 anti-Christ. Oh, geez. One snatch. I mean, Rick snatch. Yeah, it snatches. Yeah. Please. Have a great day, pal. Oh, man. Thank you. See you. Bye. Don't call me. You pal. Pal. Hey, pal. By the way, where's the fed boy lately? Not that I miss him or anything like that. Oh, God. If you stay home during the day time, if you're sick and you turn on the soap poppers, even if you think soap poppers are for panties, a lot of beautiful people on their male female. Like Billy there. I'm guiding light. We're not to sure about him. But here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Come on. It sounds exactly like you. What do you want? Hey, two quick comments. I'll hang up the listen to your response. He's done. Okay. Neil, down this alien thing. Alien. Alien. We're not going to be completely in Rosanna. The last thing stock that put up with this. Yeah, but we're used to that. Oh, yeah. Well, we're the laughing stuff. We're working with this. Yeah, we're prawns. Oh, a point. Yeah. Always like shelf. It's a little behind cholesterol. But anyway. Yeah. Have a great day. Okay. Just too much stammering. You know, I understand it when you're on a phone. It's a little bit difficult sometimes. It is a little on the hard side. But in his case, I doubt it. I mean, stammering. I'm just not to get a stammer. You know what I'm saying? 560, 560, pound 560 on a AT&T wireless line. He might philosophy in life is that it looks a good advice to live by when and out. Spitted out. Here's a Palm Beach. Hello. Palm Beach. Going once. Going twice. What is it about Palm Beach and four miles where all those people they off their feed, man? Something about it. Here's a mobile and del Rey Beach. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I don't want to give you some good news. I'm sorry. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It's a little bit. But like you, we've got a small and a large dish. And last week, I had a occasion called Adlink, our service provider. They said we could get the networks on the big dish again. You can on the big dish immediately sign up for him. Yes, sir. I got prime time heast. And I also got the Denver five. How is that possible? No, no. They said that there was some action. I'm by the President last week and they were now able to provide that service again. And I signed up for heartbeat. Yeah. Just to know. I think it's not going to be right now. It's great news. I was extremely excited because like you, I can't stand the load. Like all the orthodox state is nothing like having two set to dishes, man. You got it. Okay. Thanks. Yeah, I was great. About three years ago, they tried to take the networks away and they, Yeah, they can give it all our lives. Yeah, I said if he gives a reason why not. Stayed it here. And I just said, how can I pretend I'm not here if you make me watch local TV. Right. And I thought that was a pretty good response. Well, thanks for doing a great job. I'm sure you did it. You put us over the top. I'm proud to be a. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah, women is my mother Eric. I'm just taking a look out for it. Come on. She's cute. Well, there's nothing for it. Not as pretty as him. We got to admit he's pretty in tune. He's really pretty. Eric, don't fade out Eric. Oh, sorry to late. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I don't have room in my life for all these goddamn soap operas. Okay. Except guiding light, which I've been watching for now longer than I'm carrying to admit. Do you have any idea how long I've been watching that now? 41 years 41 years. For years. Do I dare tell that boring story about how he's to come home from lunch from high school? And it was on 15 minutes and 1245 after surgery for tomorrow. Would you own a movie of dates? Do I dare tell it's the right? No. 41 years. And guess what bill bar we just died. Had that story last week. And Vanessa's in a goddamn coal mug. She's in. She's like the Jeff Cohen is so poppers in and out in and out. Or am I I'm rambling now? I think Eric put me over the edge. Maybe Eric will be standing there in my bed. So I don't want to have my coal last to be up. Right. Okay, two closer. Here's the mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Pretty good. Look, unfortunately, I'm an expert on coal and ice. Really? Yeah. I've got the all sort of collitis. I have one every year year and a half. Okay. Now what is all that I had planned for me? What is all sort of coal light is one of the symptoms? Very frequent bowel movements with mucus in there and urgency. Yeah. And I mean, I haven't had it for a couple of years. And that's all that is. Well, don't fix toilet is because you can go 30, 40 times a day. 30, 40 times a day. Yes. So as soon as you just stand up and start to walk around. He's out of trouble. Yeah. Sure does. Yeah. 30 or 40 times a day. Twice an hour. That's correct. During your waking hours more like two and a half times a half. That's a quarter of that. How do you do it a half? Half a time. When it's active. Now here's the thing. Yeah. You're going to take. Good news and bad news. Yeah. That's like dynamite. Right. Yeah. Yeah. The other, but the other, but the, but the, but a big, the regular prep, which is the coal light, you have to drink a four liter container. That's like a, like a gal in the that car. And that is, and you have to drink it every 10 minutes. Take me a year later. I'll pass on that. Yeah. It's no fun. I think you, you might well, and do it a pain. Now as far as the call enough, it's up. You're going to lay on the table. Yeah. You're going to have the intervenes flying in. Yeah. You're going to get the one. Yeah. I sure hope not. Yeah. You're starting to sound a little kicky to me. You're going to get demo all and first said. And why set is the first that the, you're, F, E, D. That's the use. That's, that's what they use for the local. Yeah. And once they injected into your line, you'll have five anywhere from five to ten, very pleasant seconds. Beautiful floating, you know, the better than the best pot. I'll be floating. Yeah. And then you're going to complete the hour. Oh, good. Now some some patients they ask, which you like to see it on the TV. No. And if you want to see it on a TV, instead of giving you like five million. Now give you two or three. And then you're awake watching the TV. No, I'm watching my own TV right here right now. You'll be the victors when you're done because when they do the call and not to be, there's a camera in there. And they click the camera and you get pictures. And as soon as they let me ask you this, if they find like a polypway up in there, they'll stick it out. They stick it right then. They'll smell it and they'll pick it out. They're right. They smell it. Yeah, with it's fair. Now are they using the rompopeo pocket fisherman to do this at the same time? They're it. Well, it all depends on you. You should not get away. Dr. Diamond. He's a bitman's partner and crawly is very good. Okay. So they say, I'll let you know if he's very good. Now, listen to me. One other thing with that when you're on that thing there. Yeah. Make sure if you're awake when they start doing the call and not to be, make sure both of his hands aren't on your shoulders. Yeah. I've read those stories, pal. Thanks a lot. You don't do fine. It's a piece of cake. Okay. Okay. I'm sure you're going to have a piece of cake. No. No. This is your on-camera today for me. Can't eat the thing. You could eat breakfast today on a prep day, but do I eat breakfast? No. What's the point of eating it in the first place? Let's look at a head start. Might win and dot start. We're cleaning it out. Yeah. Sounds real pleasant to me. Doesn't it? But like I said, this is the way God. He works in mysterious ways. You know, that's why we got a lot of plumbing and those strange things. And those tumors and god only goes what? And then of course, how come everybody's only calling about the Breakfast. But I've only heard one or two calls about the endoscopy where they stick to two times your throat. And like I said, I hope they wash them off first after they pull out of the other end. You're getting both ends. Well, when they get through with me, they'll have pictures of a matchstick men. But the time they get through with me. I mean, everything, every little, uh, nook and cranny. Five stick. Oh, look at that. Here's a call from St. Petersburg. Hello. Hello. Yes. Good luck at the dock. Get a maraudin. Also, uh, the last gentleman before the sky here about that length and that work's being restored is absolutely correct. Absolutely correct. What a great piece of news that is. And he was right. And uh, that's just wanted to say you went on that. And you have a loyal listener here and keep up the good work and, uh, all listened to you on Thursday. And God bless you. Thanks. Thank you. There's a call from St. Petersburg. That guy was a lot better than our four Myers colors today. Don't take it personally and four Myers. We had a lot of wonderful people, but they're busy and they're trying to make a living so they can buy out to want to be pleased and do something productive with their lives. But boy, some of those calls from four Myers man, all you can say is What the hell is going on over there and did the sheep run away over the weekend? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. We're deciding today. Can he stay? Can he leave? Okay. Shall he stay? Shall he leave? Not early on necessarily. We'll find somebody else. We'll take a vote on who else can we take a poll on? Should he stay or should he get there a lot of here? That's going to be a long list. Yeah, I was thinking over at 20 or 30, it was rapidly flashing through my mind. Most of the sales department flashed through their real fans. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hi Neil. I have a very good, entertaining show. Yes sir. I listen to all the time, it's just never called you. But I want to say a little bit about the point of Miami. You know, I've been listening to it and I really can say about things to all of all that are Hispanic, like me and I'm not actually white but coming in Spanish. I think we spend it's not right. I think white is a white black Asian and very way. I think what we're going to have to do on this down is start making everybody take a blood test to find out what their family tree is. Yeah, but it's one of those people down there. They should have been up in a tree. Listen to this. I was the bus stop. I was looking to a radio station in Spanish all day and they were saying, where was Rome Martinez and where was Regalado or where was the man I said? I mean, they're doing their job. They're commissioners, they're mayors. They're, you know, they're, you know, they're not on the street. Regalado was down there in the middle of it like he always is. He's an exploiting piece of crap. Yeah. I mean, you know, why would the, the Netherlands have to be as the mayor's office and been in the Martinez? I really don't understand why would they have to do screening and doing all these. Mayor Martinez, Mayor Martinez, the job. They're in a streets of highly abit enough images of keeping the streets clear for traffic. You're right. I'm just just going to do, you know, you know, you know, you can't, you know, you can't, you can't, you can't, you know, you can't, you know, you can't. I mean, we know as well it's the same old agitators over and over again. And they're brainwashed little punky kids who got nothing better to do than be a bunch of wives, asses, go out in the streets. That's really sad. You have a good shot. I don't always agree with everything you say, but it's very entertaining. Thanks, pal. I'm here. I'll even air to you. 166 at 560 WQA. How can Doug and Julie be back on Jesus? Great. And I think Tom Horton's wife, I thought she died a while ago. And she came back. I mean, a real life. I'm so far for sometimes they die and they come back, but she like died for real. And she's back. The spirit for Alice Horton or whatever her name is, God, Dammit. This is 560. You, yeah. Neil Rogers. Just in bright-backed and you'll hear a tale of the beard. It's comedy stuff. Jesus was he who's over a dropping guy. Oh, sounds good, Florida does. They ran from the big back to his man who conquered their island home. With three different sights for a wealthy deal with the rest of the take-a boat. Or build a rap and blow a tear. You've been taught to get his time, but quickly dated up after you've been to Bay of Pigs and tried the Air Force didn't show up. They voted in two miles, leading the end with the politicians in place. Like Bay of Pigs and Swapres, who's got a warrior. And I think, but... I think it's real, real, real, real. Okay, I'm 31 and 560 WQL. Almost gagging here because somebody facts me a whole description here. Hopefully this is very old, by the way. About the medical procedure with colonoscopy. It's a two-nice before the procedure. Patient takes 60, whatever that is, of Magnesia. And one night before hand takes either two ounces of cash to royal or ten ounces of Magnesium Citrate orally. Yeah, exactly. On the morning of the exam, mechanical cleansing of the sigmoid and left colonel is cleared out by two tap water animals until fluid return is cleared. Alternatively, commercially prepared solution such as go lightly. Maybe use with equivalent results about the heat for animals. And that goes on about 50 gallons of, oh, gee, that's good. Thanks a lot, Jethro. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. I just want to ask you a question. I'm a long time listener for Suncrawler. Yes, sir. I want to ask you, what is the difference between what the humans are doing? And I don't think that they should block the roads. What is the difference between what they're doing and when an aerodoline strikes. In other words, you know, the pilot strike and they hold up the whole nation on all these fights. What's the difference? Well, I mean, you know, you, you, well, how about any union, any union, or not? No, I agree with that. But I know what you're saying, but there's no difference. The difference is that this is the American way, is it not? No, no, no, it is not. I mean, people are members of unions have a right to strike. People are just ordinary people with agreements. If every time somebody group of people gets pissed off about something, and they go out and start disrupting traffic and slowing down and making threats to black. See, the people who go on strike like the, the airlines. They have a specific grievance that has to do with the airline itself. People are taking out on people and have nothing to do with their grievance. All their problems. So the, the public has gotten on the do with it. What the hell does the airport have to do? Slowing down the airport for people who want to live their lives. What does that, what if they had to do with whether alien Martin Riegg is stationed. Miami goes back to Cuba? Oh, no, no, I agree with that. I mean, I agree that you should go on the airplane. People from the airline go on strike. It's not specifically done to punish the consumer, the people who want to fly, but it's done to put to bring pressure on the company that they work for to settle their grievances. Yeah, but it's done to bring people, but people who are trying to drive in a street to Miami, they can't settle this grievance. Yeah, but they still bring screemers on on the consumer. Oh, those pilots. When they, I agree. I couldn't agree more. Okay, they all, hey, I hope everything works out. Good for you. Okay, thanks. Thank you. Hope it all comes out in the back. Go in. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah, I'm doing this off. Yeah, that's what I said. That at this point I am totally different to the ELEON car. Excellent. That's the best way to look at it. Look at this. One of the things I want to talk to you about it. Touch-pacetylcy on his desk. You know, trying to try to improve your quality of life and all Americans quality of life. Mm-hmm. Tell me this. What do you know, as I spoke to George, I used to be other day about that. I know not much. Yeah, about Alan Keyes. What do I know about him? Yeah, why don't he's the self-hating sparks right now. Yeah, he reminds me of he reminds me of the log cabin Republican Fags, the people with a death wish. That's a series like Jews for Hitler. In an Indonesian, which he makes Gary Bauer look like I look like Ted Kennedy. That's how with his moralistic bullcraft and values and got, he's a bullcraft part of Alan Keyes. Then you just explain this to you, man. You know, the man is talking about basically we nighting our nation. They should be bringing up and bringing the nation back to the principles and what's the nation was found? That's a lot of stuff. I'm sticking there. Nobody's all else's business and being a goodie. Two shoes. That was fine. It's about self-eminent. You know, less government, morality. You know, he's not for self-empowerment. He's another one of these right wing lunatics that wants to go many year bedroom. No, no, no. That's not something to do with so. Yes, yes, yes. I'm listening to those debates. I hear the crappy spewing. This man really takes the hands off. So she wants to give more back to the people. Yeah. In other words, you get to the other canters and turn to what they have to offer. They would it don't have anything in the office. You're all in there. And because of the fact that you have to be black there for you, like Alan has to do with the points that you're talking to. I'm not just telling you, sir, I don't have to articulate this. No, because I'm the supporter of Bill Clinton, that has nothing to do with it. So what did he got going from this guy? Who's just wasting everybody's time? He's going to get one percent of the prime business. He doesn't have the name recognition. Otherwise, this gentleman's idea of the values and principles that far exceed any of the other canters who are throwing that stage. I couldn't disagree with him more. I couldn't disagree with him more. He's the worst. He's even worse than Gary Bower. He's even worse than Papa Bower. Listen, did you hear George Bush or Gary Bower speak? Come on. George Bush could hardly put together our comprehensive both sentence. Didn't you hear George Bush say, I heard it. George Bush's running on his father's knee. Yeah, how he's doing? That's right. I'm not going to defend any dealers because they don't have one candidate and that's what the price of peanuts. I agree with that. But Allen Keys is a wasted timester. And when candidate started up and moralized and talking about bringing him back to the values and all this other crap, he's talking to Papa. He ought to go to the ministry. He can make a fortune there. He ought to start a television ministry and stop wasting this time with his crap. There's a kind of, who do you use? I can't just be an idea of candidate of the end of the decisions that are participating in. There is, there isn't any good candidate in either party. Any of them? No, not in either. No, not in either. Well, I'm talking to you. I don't like any of them. Well, I know what the reality is. I like Mario Cuomo. You need to pay attention a little bit more with the politics and understand what these people are trying to bring with the cost because I'm just saying that. So in other words, I need to pay attention more. I've been watching those debates, even though I'm a democrat. I've been watching those debates. And because I don't agree with your perception of what he says, they're from not paying enough attention. No, that ridiculous. I'm not saying that. What are you saying? What I'm saying is this, the guy has some great ideas. I don't agree with you. I think he's full of crap. And you can keep saying it over and over again and just wasting your time. Have a great day, sir. And stop trying to pedal and got it. It's not going to get 50 votes. He's got great ideas. Oh, we got to go back to morality. And I'm signing this pledge to keep the facts out of the military. And we want to do this and back into church and spirit. Well, he talks crap. Let me say it again. He makes Gary Bower seem like a raving, leftily like a lot of commonists are almost. And Gary Bower's got his card with a swastika on it. That's how a raving part of the right this guy is. Allen keys. Just like, thanks, the longer cabinet Republicans, rich sport like Alice Rantell, rich sport little sagots who can't leave the Republican party. Because that's the way mommy and daddy brought him up. So, set it. 22 before two at five, 60 WQM. Ha-ha! Oh, Panthers host the islanders with the United National Cardinal Regal Crescent. He's trying to new points of the Panthers, Shakespeare, McDonald, and Randy, oh, hey, God, Maretta, the castor of the prowl. Panthers previews starts at seven. Here are sports radio 5, 60. QA and Neil. God, I'm John Rocker. You know, when him left his major league baseball pink ol' back soul man, I couldn't swing his ball in a burning cross-welfast. I decided open, I was got the uncristened star restaurant. Rocker's far but two. As Rocker's far but two, we got a full man, you would downholen, cooking, like awesome food and make a big grow. Full roast it over a spin. And as a friend and not, we don't resilient. He-ha! That's what I was saying around the ball, things were addressed in love by a skewer of meats on your table. We don't let speak so dangerous and Jews in rockers far but you know. OK, it's 142. Now that last call, he was a classic example of what's wrong with a lot of cars. And he's probably thinking, oh, that's a big hung up on me. I hung up on you because first of all, it's only a four-hour show. Secondly, you said the same thing over and over at least ten times. And thirdly, you're trying to solve me something that I'm not buying. You're entitled to that opinion. You can elope with Alan Keys. I'll pack you a sandwich. I don't care. Have a great life. I don't like him. I don't like what he says. He's another, not even a friend. I wouldn't even call him a friend. You can't do that. He's not existed except he's in there bugging everybody over here. He's at perennial waste of time. So what's the point? Is there a point? No, thank you. The point is that Bill Hayes looks really bad they're on the gaze of our lives. I mean, she was just going to say, oh my god, and that bowl, huh? Whoa. 17 till two, we got Hank Goldberg from Cool City at two, Boogshobby at six. Hurricane basketball against scene hall against the girls team, seven o'clock tonight. Here's Palm Beach, yellow. Palm Beach, yes sir. How you doing? OK. Turn it down. Turn it down. Turn it down. Turn it down, Dan. Turn it around, Dan. Yeah. Yes, sir. I just wanted to tell you, man. You are right on every point. And I remember I'm a third generation Miami. I remember when there were no tube into Miami. Yeah, except gardeners. And it was peaceful. And the spot just stayed on their side that tracks God love them. You know? Oh, I just said Palm Beach and Fort Myers. And I forget about Jimmy and Danny. We got Fort Myers and Palm Beach Palm Beach and Fort Myers. What are we going to do with the both of you? Wow. 5, 6, 7, 0, fine. What is it that he usually says that voice? He usually says trying to think of which one he is. But that red neckie voice. You know what I'm talking about? Uh-huh. Yeah, he usually says basically the same thing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's plantation. Hello. No. You're doing no. OK. I want to, if you think that the dolphins going to have a higher run. Oh, there's an error, by the way. Oh, it looks like those lips have had a lot of practice, Eric. I don't know what they've been doing. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. See, if some guy who's on TV, for example, it was pretty. They're right away. I'm not a colon. But that doesn't make him some kind of a fact. They're a pretty guy's voice straight. One or two. I can't name any at the moment. Huh? And I like, Nick, hell. Our buddy McGill and there who was kind of the head. By the way, Joe Costello was that on Saturday. Pussy, pussy, pussy, Mr. Auto Racing, Mr. Macho Auto Racing, then he show up there at Nick's Flagress Street. Oh, no. What's he was threatening to do? And you wanted to know why? Because he was probably a scared. Just like, Boca Bryant came in and said, well, I'm a scared of those procedures. You're going to go, what kind of a pussy are you, man? You're like, once step away from John Pinos who was hyperventilating and passing out that he became an Andrew Blood out of my arm. Yeah, that's right. A real man. Like, I just yesterday, they drew blood again at my doctor's office. Something young, she starts to lady, she's nice job to, by the way, sweetheart. We're going to, just a little, as opposed to the usual big black and little, but you can barely even see that little prick. And then one of my arm, too. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Here's the facts. Are you off the adkins diet? Why? How about none? None of your goddamn business. Was I ever on the adkins diet recently? No. I love these people that keep calling up, though, you know, I'm talking about fish food and all the crap we eaten here. What is wrong with these people, huh? What is wrong with them? If you're on the adkins diet, I'm on a great diet today. It's called the starvation diet. It's called the water and gatorade and the, oh, that makes you crap your brains out of diet. That's it today. And I guarantee you tomorrow I'm going to get on that scale. It's going to be sensational. It's going to be like a miracle when it's out, cleaning it out. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, the all you doing. Great. This is my, I want first time caller. I'm a Cuban American and to be quiet honest with you, I'm getting sick and tired of hearing all these self-serving, Cuban political ex-all leaders. Right. Showing their ideologies and their self-righteous beliefs down everyone's throat. Something that's done are throat. Hey, you know, I mean, when first it was the oil going to Cuba, that it was well-known. On my mind, right. And it's not full of air. There are a bunch of hypocrites because I mean, the oil can't go to Cuba, but yet every peppy and I feel the entire league can go and take a American dollars to fiddell and what's the purpose of the embargo then? Right. Then you got a little bomb on coming and they're playing. And then people just want to go and enjoy the music. And they got a bunch of people blown their nuts out there. You know, I said this last week, and I'll say it again, how can the same people who have no concept or what freedom is all about beyond their industries, you know, lead by thought, lead by thought when they have been standing in a way for years now a real liberty and date counting and turning into an anti-republic or they judge and permit whatever they like and whatever they don't like can't be here. That's not a liberty. That's fascism, which of course they know a lot about. Exactly. And we'll deal that. Basically, all I had to say and I'm a first-time call and I love your show keep up the good work. All right, Palau, I'll pray for us. Take care. Thanks. Come on, Baruch, I taught it on Baruch, I taught it on Baruch, I taught it on Baruch, what kind of a statement is that? They knew they're Baruch Eaton, the Bible. Those Hebrews. That's what it says in the beginning. Baruch Eaton, whatever that means. All right. Hey, I know my damn Bible crap that Hebrew stuff, a bunch of garbage is what it is. Silly stuff. Ferretails for adults. In the beginning, God created a deep, that it would, but I, I, right. And it was good. Well, if it's so good, how come they got to go looking my uh, brecht, um, Baruch? If it's so good, he saw it was good. I hope they see it's good. Seriously, what kind of a person would believe in? What all the disease and the uh, the suffering and the crap and the world, oh, God, he has a plan. Like Roger Nielsen says, you know, I wish you luck, Roger. But stop talking to religious crap. Okay. He's got a plan for me. And whatever he is, I can accept it. But I mean, but I'm, yeah. Okay, Roger. And by the way, we don't want Wendell Clark. Here's Miami. Hello. I'm going to you. Yes. Are you doing? I'm pretty good. My buddy Eric's on there right now. Go ahead. Yeah, I just wanted to, uh, I don't know if the Cubans, all to have to say about the protesting and stuff, is how did this country come about? Oh, protesting on the top of the protesting, but hey, I mean, I don't know if it's any movement. Wait a minute, sir. You're talking about people who are fighting for their freedom against the tyranny of the British here. What is that? What are you going to say? What? That's exactly what I'm going to say. People were protesting for freedom in the United States. Yes. Now you have those discubans, for your thoughts on the Cuba? Wow, they have to write it. Wearing Cuba, no here. Right. A knowing the people that really, I mean, uh, uh, on Camille, if you wanted to do it up a time, like, supposedly, uh, $50. Sir, he's not going anywhere. He's not leaving. Not going. No, but my, my message is that the Cuban, that the two hundred, the two hundred Cubans are protesting is, if you want to do it up to Del, go to Cuba and do it up to Del. Because the dollar is just laughing his eyes off, looking, you know, just looking at the kind of clack they're doing. He's looking at the crap. Okay, thank you, sir. A lot of people are going to crack this way. It seems to be, it seems to me what it's all about. A lot of people looking at crap. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. On the 18 T wireless line, it's 10 before two. How about that dolphin, huh? Oh, God. The delirious, these people on this radio station know sports nerds, man. Wait till they play a team like Jacksonville is week that's not a girls team like they just barely squeak by. By the way, anybody mentioned Orlando, Marty, no, Tommy, honey. No, the kickers. They're only in the 90% of the games they played is because of the kicking guys. And Joe Costello told me, by the way, Orlando Mari for a little guy's got a very, very, very small penis, which I thought most of the guys had that he's got a, he said like a butterfly. But he sure can't kick that thing, man. That's what Joe said. He said he used to take shower together. I said, Jim classes in the hall like after school. That'll teach you not to show off a goddamn nix on Saturday. You put a wacker. Oh, what a pussy, huh? Mr. Macho, auto racing, man. He's afraid of a couple crazy Cubans done there. We have any problems? No, no, everybody was very nice. No, let's have for that tank that made the Nuchie, you ate, right? Made a joke and passing people were calling up, taking it seriously. There were internet rumors about what? About you eating a poison made in O.C. And that's why you weren't in that. Well, that's not interesting because I've had this, whatever I got for three weeks now. So it must have been a retro acting sandwich. 10 before that is that one they called a retro virus? A 54 to a 560 WTQ mk? Only one South Florida radio station has beentober on. Sports Radio 560. QAs. 5 yan 37 Sween  & Under Day. The price is at nation. $150 is dividing by 75. In reality a 0,00 billion assets. Controvia has plus... Look on Jocas de los faves when he sees a pair of an old man's boozing ball hovering over his face Freish with master-dation guys. It's everywhere a race car driver wants to be if he can't drive a stick All right, what timing? All right. I totally begin even Whoo heavy duty 155 Why wish you could see yourself in a mirror George just during purple. Wow you had to have been there. Yeah, okay 155 at 5.50 WCM. I don't want to be there believe me trust me now if Eric might have been there like over in the corner Here's a mobile and four-laterdale hello Yeah, who quit things on Like talking about the panzers if I may but first What the panzers? I remember them I'm a four-later like I could talk about putting about aliens this kid does not need the core room He does not need Disney World. Let's get him on the field if he could draw the ball over Yeah Okay moving out of the panzers Okay, great here is Dural hello I knew yes sir. I have a little question for you Okay, I want to buy the best of new Roger's in 89 I saw the CD I'll say I'll ask you on the 24th I'm going to follow our end of the end of the year. It's a history you got a buy from center one I got a buy from center one right and how are I going to bug doing that nine five four nine five four five six three five six three three three six hundred or you can also get it right off the our website Neil Rogers dot com you can buy it off our website Okay, okay So you're welcome. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. One. There you go. I should mention that more often than once the end of the year comes The thing is all over. We can still get them there on Neil Rogers dot com which Eric does a great job on by the way Thank you, Eric Or you can just to call center what we can go right to the center one and pick it up there Here's Miami. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes, sir. Oh great time on Saturday I was the person with the Zeta four picture right with the bird and my brother. Yes Thank you very much. We had a great time and I don't want to cut it short, but I just want to say hello to my father And wanted to go back to Brooklyn and stay there and John Pena's oh I would want to say obsessed with the words that this guy and his brother where they upset a little bit of said Yes, right but you know they met well Here's the Miami. Hello. Yeah, I knew first I'm taller. All right, hey just want to let you know are not all good Looking guys your gay. I got a friend was very good looking great as an arrow's got a girlfriend every week Tell her if I was gay I gave them You know just This is a stupid stereotype that a lot of people think that if a guy is pretty you know pretty boys will they must be you know Yeah, for a pretty straight so But they're out there so women, you know, don't worry. Okay. No fine And of course, I think about pretty guys are all available. They're already they're all hot and hoining And if not, you know, just to keep trying 567.0560 560 on the 18T line here's Miami. Hello Miami. Yes, sir. Yeah, first time caller all right and that's could be I had one approximately four months ago. Okay. I like you survived not doing right they kind of put me down. I woke up one home one about my business Good luck, buddy. Thanks. Thanks. See if the piece of cake in bulk of Brian's in her hyper ventilating and ping all over himself And he's not even wanted to go do it That exchange is under word two or three times after I told him you know, and and you ought to be doing it all far like you Not the endos could be with certainly the colonoscopy. Yeah After 40 you got to like let them stick it in your rectum that camera too I'm telling you right now because better be safe than sorry rectum Spread them Is it book them or spread them I forget how that goes. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, huh? You know I think Jack Lord used to say spread them. Yes, sir. Yeah, I just want to talk to your sidekick George You gave me some good advice from a club down there and I appreciate it. Yeah trapeze them in four-laridale outstanding. Yes, sir Thanks a lot. Okay. Thanks a lot George. Oh, you had a good time there and he was applying his hands out of everybody good Including I think Joe Costello Okay, do we have time maybe for one here's a mobile in plantation hello? I know yes, sir. He first time call up