560 WQAS presents a meal-brothers show, not to need. 560 WX-680 Brown Downies, on talent 560, for rights to access this to Bruce. 877-75 Neo is a toll-free company. The opinions expressed by Neil Rogers, his guest or co-workers, does not reflect those of the measly broadcaster, its staff, advertisers, or agents. No! The Neil Rogers show on 560 QAL. It's Friday, you will hear this, because today's show is brought to you by Chickory Farms. Chickory Farms, the gift it says, I don't really like you, but I feel obligated to get you something since you invited me to your dumb party. Chickory Farms, because you just don't care. Look for a degree. This collection of holiday songs may very well be the most moving and memorable of all time. I'm doing me a worldwide Christmas. Just want the white light on the steel no. Yes, candle wax music presents, Elmer Fuzz, quit misclassic, and this 24 record set is truly incredible. Chingle bells, chingle bells, chingle all the way. Oh, what fun is to ride in a one horse open square? Hey, oh, what fun you'll have hearing these timeless classics, performed by America's most beloved honor of Wavids. Who's on the way? No, Swain, dear. Hack about the signine, no. And if you ever saw it, you would even say it, whoa. Elmer Fuzz, quit misclassic, not available in stores. And when you receive your set in the mail, you'll know why. Well, everybody, I sure hope you like my Christmas classics. So cold, cold, three, one, 800. Oh, the operators are standing by Santa Claus. It's coming to town. All right. Then I'll two at five six to WDQM happy Friday to it's all request Friday. So this is going to be the only way I'm going to get them away from all of these. You know what I'm talking about, the unmentionable. Yeah, that's stuff. Yeah, it's just to end it's the holidays. It's what a great time. Good idea in the L.A. as usual. How bad polka amount yesterday. Should Al-Grobe that I'm a credit candidate for President in 2004? No, 384.48.3%. Yes, 213. And I'm still convinced most of those are probably Republicans who just are salivating another chance for him to be in there. 213, 26.8%. I don't care. It was almost as many as yes. 196. 24.6%. Now, it's not interesting that our first call today is on a line. You know what I'm saying? Isn't that bizarre? I can't wait to wait to try line five. In fact, let me see if, uh, oh, man. Wow. Oh, every line on the board is working today for the first time since before Abelinkin was an embryo. Here's Boeton Beach, hello. Is it me? Yes, sir. My one-quarter happy new year in advance. I'm not talking politics. I'm going to Vegas tomorrow. Excellent. Now you're talking. Three nights, round trip, 500 bucks a person. A ride. No, it did part. Is it stilter in every other flight. We have a book for it seems to be getting canceled due to the pilot. Sure. Oh, no. After you got good news in vandos. The good news is he's going to Vegas. The vandos is he probably want to forget this? Yeah, exactly. Every time I plan a trip after watching the weather channel, I'm getting set up with it. Either I storm the Dallas with our connecting flight or there's a hurricane coming. No matter what it is, the weather channel is a part of my life. And you can't have any fun without aggravating. Yeah, too bad you couldn't go on a national alert. I'm sincere on the verge of going out of business. Oh, really? I didn't know that. Yeah, they just proud for bankruptcy. They're not out of business, but they're in trouble. Line trouble. So now Delta and others can raise their rates because of what competition. Right. I love that. Don't you love capitalism? And then they'll forget about America worst. I mean, they don't cancel your flights, but the odds are you'll probably never get there with them either. Well, the long story of Delta once set this up in the air with a blown tire. It was real fun landing with a blown tire, but then they wanted to do it. Yeah, but at least they got you there. They got me, yeah. So I thought you'd tell me. I'm not going to play. You know, get me there one piece. I don't care about my luggage. Right. Well, listen, have where you stand? The parrot. Oh, great. The town is booked. We wanted some of the, we wanted the NGM, both. We five months in a week called everything's booked. The parrot is a beautiful. Yeah. I want to ask you where a good restaurant is. I was going to ask you with that seven eleven is, but I can find it on the internet. I'll tell you, you'll find it inside the parrot. Have you been in the parrot? Yeah, but it's beautiful. And they got they have a thing in there which like, and outdoors on the other words, you're inside. But it's going to like the sky. You think you're outside. And in that area, there are all these great French restaurants. It's sensational. If you don't know what a war they spit in your food, right? Exactly. All right. Have a great time. Wait a minute. My daughter's getting married in June. And I have, as the father of the bride, I have to dance with my daughter to a certain song. And the song I have picked out, I'll say to you, a copy of the tape because it's going to be right as, can you play your version of butterfly kiss? You got it. Thank you. Have a great time. I like that. Right off the bat. There's a guy that's even in a good mood. I think it's got a guy that's happy. It's my short time. Maybe it. There's two things on the wall. Daddy, you're a loser. She was standing here from heaven, and she's daddy's little girl. I would be back for me, my dear. I got for all of the time. I think mommy treats on you. But what's the world? What's the matter, why are you saying? That you're dead time, Craig? It's a little life's loss, all of the things are there. Nice and now, my little beast here. What's all that I have to wrong? I must have done something wrong. Daddy, why don't you get a job? To deserve a hug every morning, and butterfly kisses that night. Daddy, you're familiar here. I'm dropping out of high school. Daddy, I'm pregnant. I don't know who the father is. I asked to turn check out. I asked to turn check out. I asked to turn check out. I asked to turn check out. I drove the car into a tree. Can you just send me some cigarettes? Hang out, but adults for the brightening growth. Daddy, I'm getting married again. You should make a promise and I'll give her away. Dad, that's my ass. Standing in the bride room, just staring. I think I have siblings. Has me what I'm thinking, and I said I'm not sure. No, I've got a letter, girl. We're all always. Hey, pop, we're moving in. And butterfly kisses. Dad, I've moved. I'm a lesbian. I don't know why the 560 WDQM. I'll speak to the people we like here at WDQM. How could I have left that mark Vandermeer? The voice of the Hurcruans. Because he's out of sight out of mind. We don't like the Hurcruans, but we love Mark Vandermeer. Who's a great guy, great talent, and he's Dutch. I really like that. So I'll speak to you too. Anyway, this is a great idea that I feel so much better. I mean, this is great. This is the way to win them away from that crap, from the... ...suff. Here's our poll for today and over the weekend. Specializations, I see, another article they just won't give up the ghost. Marlins will look at FAU Stadium. They're looking at it. Sharing of sight, a possibility. Although the team is still hoping that a transport that began meeting in my May last week will come up with a financing plan for a new ballpark to be built in by sending an Antonio Parking downtown Miami. Come on, they want to money. Will a附附 Stadium guide them? Oh, so our poll question today, will you be going to any Marlins games this season? I know it's only the middle of December, but it's never too early you start making plans to stay home. I mean, you go into Port de Molins. Will you be going to any Marlins games this season? Here are your choices. Many. A few. Maybe one or two. Or never. Do I wonder which one George is voting for? Come on. All of you people, all you hard answers. Just because we're on one going with. Do I want to influence the outcome of the year? I don't want to get blamed for that. In addition to which to show you what a great mood I'm in, I'm not watching CNN, MSNBC. I'm sure I watch in CNBC and I don't want to see that suck. I'm watching the food channel. I'm watching the food channel. I'm watching the food channel. That's my resolution for the foreseeable future. The specials, we don't have any music channels in America. They're really play music anyway. But so I said, here's scouring the satellite dish this morning. I'm just going to show you on the food channel. There's no little thing in the bottom right hand corner. The depressing stock news. There's nothing I can do about it anyway. Am I buying any more stock? No. No. That's it. I'm done. Whatever I got, that's the thing. I'm hoping for the best in four years. Whatever I got, that's it. The rest of my money is going into CDs and the bonds is anything. You're in T. You don't talk about anything. That's guaranteed. That guy just wanted to mention again that was hustling me at the hockey game. So ever come near me again. Go back to Solomon Smith Barney and get out of my face. You bugged a crap out of me. As soon as somebody starts hustling you want to deal with your money. You know you deal with a real major piece of crap. Probably shopping ourselves to prom and pretty soon. 10 minutes after 10 at 5.60 WDQMs. No question of the program. Maybe this is the best written for me. No. Only 2.00 on B.C.5 has broken corporate. Hey, I've got what the Panthers are ready. One of the healthiest of baseball's is a big enemy. Why, huh? Return to Santa! Return to Santa! I got a smile of some like Ryan Bonds. It was pink and black. But don't worry be here, high-end business. Whos we've been doing all the time. You are a part of the return to Santa! Just send me cash. But your tax is weller. Okay, me, you're a rat. I got a fruit taken some plant. Get lit this for my nose. A null bottle of old spines. Polited are again a horse. You wrote a fond and a return of Santa. A whole need to stop. But this is a Christmas. A really little stone. You wrote a fond and a return of Santa. So many to be rude. But this Christmas. I got fruit. I got fruit. A return to Santa. Ten-four-tain at five-six. You know, if you're a, I think that what's happening with our best in the LCD is a classic example of what an asshole Fred Dirst is. Your close personal best friend. Who thinks that Nectar is really nifty and great because it encourages people to go out and buy a lot more of their music. Well, yeah, he's a big Nectar fan. Yeah. Why you call my friend? You love lymphed. Dick Biscuit. Okay. What you said offensive about, I didn't think I was. Oh. You're starting off with offensive to me and how is that? And how is that feature? But anyway, hard. That's what I'm saying that, you know, if you open up the doors like in Burdine, if they just thought the doors open like after closing hours and people were walking and taking the merchandise out for free, everybody else would see how nifty the merchandise is that they have in there. And that would stimulate sales for the store. Right? And that is an idea. So let's try it during the holiday season, especially all you departments, though people. After you're closing hours, just need the doors open and put a big sign on in there. Do you need the lights on and the doors open and say, well, close, but come on and take whatever you like. And then see if profits keep going up like crazy. Oh, man. That Fred Dirst is a rocket scientist. But I'm going to start making songs that just say, uh, over and over again. Pick the word. Over and over again. F. There you go. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 8. It's all request right. And I yesterday, I must say that a, I probably said a record yesterday. Wouldn't you say for hanging up on the most people in history of the show? I think I did. And I'm proud of it. Because in fact, this is getting close to the time of the year when a lot of people make new years resolutions. And I have a suggestion for a most of you. Not some of you, of course, are free thinkers. You actually have a brain and you're not too many, but some of you do. During the coming year, here's your resolution. Just keep saying it to yourself and pretty soon, uh, you'll start to believe it. During the coming year, I'll be less easily led. I'll be less easily led around the nose like a sheep, like a, like a flamingo at feeding time. That's a great new year's resolution. What are you saying? Are they going to do it? No, let's say it. I mean, maybe you'll even start to believe it. Because anybody did it, it even comes close to mentioning the, a lesson crap. I mean, it's, it's all over. I'm sure that a lot of you people are still very frustrated, agitated. Great. Find somebody to talk to about it, but not me. It's like, it's like, um, pound cake. Well, that's a bad example. Pound cake with anything. Well, I'd like a banana split. Huh? There's nobody. Don't like a good banana split. I mean, you might like different flavors of ice cream in it. But I can't imagine anybody. Doesn't like a grape and an exploit. But after you had like 14 of them in a short period of time, wouldn't you start like, you can your guts out from it. Just the thought of it would make you, you, you're, you're guts out. I think so. Follow my point. That's not like a great hot-foot Sunday. Hmm. Especially luck on Rocky Road. And that sound good. Oh, really? Why am I talking to myself in this? I finally feel good today. I feel great. Didn't gain all that weight back that I did on that to die. I read it pillow one day. Pete out all that weight. And because I got on the exercise bike last night, and I got an appool for about a half an hour last night and swam my brains out. And only like about a, maybe a half a pound of that while I wait that I lost in one day. See, generally when you do that, you can't fool them other nature. You take a die, read it. Pilly, lose or you pee out or hold bunch of weight. And then you eat a regular meal. Then I stay and then it all comes back. Didn't happen with this kid. So if it wasn't so bad for your health and for your kidneys and your potassium and the electrolikes and all that, we just start popping die read it pills. And this has been all day pee in our brains out. And about a week I've got about 60 pounds. But of course the Lord prevented that because he likes to work in mysterious evil ways. Here's a call from Helen Dale. Hello. Helen Dale is gone. Maybe they expired. Oh, I think he's a ghost of sunny Rosenberg. It's located on their phone. I don't know what happened. Evil spirits. 567-0560, pound five 60. They probably heard what I said about talking about they didn't want to get hung up on good. Good. Good thinking. Go find somebody else to talk about it. Find sunny Rosenberg. Find the outhouse gang there in Helen Dale. All you old cretons with your plaid pants. Get away from my face. That's one good thing about living in Florida. Where else can you see so many people in the shopping malls with lemon and lime green pants? And plaid pants, huh? And don't forget about those rain catch and hats. The rain catchers. I love those. I like the nose protectors on the glasses. Yeah. Those are good. The Florida outfit. Once you get to be 100 years old, you must wear the Florida outfit. Oh, yeah. The fit in. In fact, they should just have. They would be a great idea. I just got an idea for you. People want to go to business. The old fart store. Who specializes in nothing but uniforms for old parts. Oh, I want to have a pair of lime green pants before I croak. Oh, you already mentioned the shoes. Oh, of course the shoes. White shoes are a white box. Are making a comeback. Just as Pat Boone is to 96. Here's a mobile informe. I don't forget those big heavy, grilled block sunglasses that they wear. Right. That definitely. Yeah. You don't get that. Get that. Get that. Get that. The running mask. Definitely over here. You don't have a problem with losing your grandparents or your great grandparents. You can find them that everybody's wearing line green. Everybody, I think. And don't forget about the flower on the antenna. Oh, God. Yeah. That's right. That's for certainly. Far baby. Yeah. The flower in the orange ball. Well, you know, unfortunately, I'm getting out of here. You know, we're getting it. I'm getting out of here for about a month or so. Promise that I'm coming back over to East Coast. And so. Well, you're at least a little bit of a step up. Not much, but a little bit. These on the way from the great grandparents come to the grandparents. So that's a good thing. But you know, you can be back in the mood over there. Can you read the joke, Corroyo is not Italian. I know it's not a Italian. No, it's not a Italian. You remember what? What is the joke, Corroyo is not a Italian? No, it's not a Italian. What is the thing? Not a good one, though. You tell you, I don't know. What is that, Corroyo? I don't know. Okay. We'll find it. All right. Okay. Is that your zone? Oh, you got your Corroyo banana boat. Is that it? No, that's not it. That's the only one I know. I can tell you. We're something like that. Cadi and Joe. A tag in Joe, I told you. No, no, no, no, no. Joe, I didn't have to tell you that he's not this Indian. I didn't tell you, no, no. Joe, what you believe that he's too far away. Joe was in his body, not too high, went too far away. And he's the guy. He's an asshole. Who says a pimp? He's a guy. He's a guy. He's a guy. He's a guy. He's a guy. He's a guy. He's a guy. He's a guy. He's a guy. He's a guy. Who says a pimp? To roll, let's go roll, roll, roll. On the face, on the face. He's a pony and a fake. On the face, man. He's a group that's hard to take. On the face, man. He's a healthy boy and a take. To recall. My goal. And make the bastard go away. Joe, for all those 70's not an Italian or a walk. Hey, bitch. And go and buy my pot. I'm a solo in person with you. I can't give you my something else to do. Take the bike. I hope you like. And that tastes like my pot. What's this? What do you want to do like a night? Put your back. Put your back. Hey, Joe, you can buy my pot. Joe, Joe. You're a little too bad. No. Don't do anything. Here's a Italian or no. I'm a little more. That's 22 at 560 WDQM. So we got the phone all fixed up, which is a cost for very great celebration. The problem being now is that our website is screwed up. Or maybe just the internet. Huh? Because the Eric Scott, the thing up on there. And I just cast my vote on our poll today. We'd be going any Marlon's games this season. And of course my vote was for never. I mean, never, never, never, ever. Even though I get free tickets. Hey, by running ticket? No. And it's just going back and forth and back and forth and forth and forth. And I just want to. They won't do nothing. Isn't that depressing? I'm looking forward to day when like everything. So I'm going to go for lines. Everything in here. I'll work with the same time. Just once. Just one day will be seen. And now that there was a lot of response. The server could be down or was not responding. I hate when that thing comes up on there, you know? Can't stand it. Okay. Okay. Get it out of there. The internet is great. Sometimes. Here's a call in Dearfield. Hello. How are you? Great. I'd like to make a request this morning to my buddy, Nick Narlie. My religion is better than yours. Okay. And I would like to also make a request for a poll, if I could. Yes, sir. Do you think George W has a chance in 2004 of real action? Okay. Thanks. Have a great line. Have a good one. And I think it's working now. Thank God. I must have been, I must have been me. I think the Pewdieg just looked and saw what's mean. Do you? Call Google? 20 9 so far. Look at that. 18 said never. Isn't that bad? Never going to be going to no Maulins games. What do you say? How about if we will all, uh, uh, to take a price. Huh? Free ticket. No. Eight said maybe one or two. Two people said many. And one guy said, eh, a few. My religion's better than yours. I believe you've better than yours. My belief too much required to avoid the length of fire. I imagine there are dangerous wars. My religion's better than your religion. My religion's better than yours. While my religion has a date, ministry and racial hate, I envision there's in your... I envision, better than yours. I envision there's in your... But we liked about it best. My partner, boys you wear the dress, I envision, better than yours. But you religious, you don't know, they're better than yours. But religious, what are the religious wars? We have no respect for women, but I've attacked you, make the living father, and religion's better than yours. And I envision, better than yours. I envision, better than yours. I envision, better than yours. You're far far for us, because we honor takedown, don't you go to my religion's better than yours. I envision, better than yours. I envision, better than yours. We will be the perfect person, better than you, better than you, better than yours. Please. My religion's better than yours. We now endorse your father, you like over the right. We now endorse your father, you like over the right. You like new, frightening, licking, better than yours. But you religious, better than yours. You religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. We wear ties and wide our bikes and get you married, lots of wives, my religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. I've had 26, had five, 60, WCM. Happy holidays from your friends here at WCU, and the rest of us too. Because, you know, this is great. We're else going to get a smile on your forehead. A lot of people out there, a lot of people won't dwell on the past, bitter people. Yeah, yeah. I'm not going to participate. Life is too good there. I'm not going to participate. Life is too good there. I'm not going to participate. Life is too good there. I'm sure. If you can just put a little smile on somebody's posts, especially at a time like this, then you've done a great job. I mean, you did a great job. I think so if he acts me. I tell you what things John, and I wouldn't sign on anybody building that new stadium. I must be crazy. I must be not. 44 votes so far, will you be going any more of the game to the season? 27 people say never. As an absolutely positively no chance. If you pack this and free hall of law, you still wouldn't go. How do you like that? In fact, now it's 53 votes and 31 say never. If you gave us free PlayStation 2s, we still wouldn't bring the kids. Maybe one or two games, 16 people, a few games for and many, only a pair. This is 560. You way out. He's Friday, you best, dude. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the true new New York young guys. Down the strawberry. I'm a doctor. Good in it. I'm the personal coach. Steve Hal. Hal. That's what I like about. I couldn't send the wind up. The straw man snorts the line up. He's true in like a dog who heard a bell. He ties a lab rat for smoking the crack at a bat. He does in like cocaine just like the way it snorts. No, not a ball. I was rolling up the planet. No, not a ball. And he's getting good in planning. They lick the 20 dollar bill. Their teeth are grinding like a pep a mill. Go in a ball. Out the hole in pills. He's in the stall. Steve Hal is in the bullpen. His nostrils are wide open. He's so fucked up beating. He's on the braves. He gets advice from Doc and Doc describes some rock. The first people were lining them. He blew the safe for a ball. They abused a magic powder. It's not an A ball. They ain't collied on that clam chowder. Rescriptions got the pet you will refill. They do it in the pool if they get a dose. They're doing A ball. Out the hole in pills. All that money. A ball. Out the hole in pills. I like a weapon you all aboard. Is your manager? I got it.рамolo, I found 175, 170, 170. I want everything I wanted to say. I must have met a guys who had killed a doll. A few hundred pokemons that I couldn't. There no other things going into the camp. That's rightiew first. But it's the same thing like with the Panthers. Well, I've got a whole different attitude about that. They buy me the tickets free. I get all my tickets. Like a penguin game. I want to go see that on Wednesday. I want to go see a yami yager and the leaps will be here on the 30th. I'm going to go when I feel like it. I don't feel compelled to go from an improved find the tickets are free and maybe I'll sneak in my own damn soda. Anybody else out there? I mean, they've already slapped you in the face. They should basically said, well, you know, that's the way and thing again. You got to wait until Wayne sells the team and gets the deal that he wants. And in the meantime, I'm not going to make any changes. We don't care if they lose every game screw you people. And you see, you can pick it all. You already paid for your tickets anyway. We got your money. So yeah, we screwed you again. So like I said, don't feel compelled to subsidize this crap. You're going to be a lot happier instead of belly aching about it and bitching about it just, you know, put yourself in a better mood. Get a good book like Mike Mayo said the other day. Take a part cheesy. Find a hobby. Go get laid. Do something useful that might actually be enjoyable. And last pondress. What time is this show on? Last pondress. I know what time it's on. What's over the over? Okay, where are we going? Here's your West Miami. Hello. Hey, good morning. How are you doing? Great. Hey, listen, so I'm 21 and I listen to you show every day and I'm what you call a young who you and I wanted to touch up on something that you've been talking about. You have a touch on it, yeah. Which is which is the top of gone hate. And how there's so much hate in I can't speak any word with South Florida where I live at. This is the capital hate. Yeah, and the problem is that nobody wants to take responsibility for their own actions everybody wants to put the Ashmeet on somebody else's hands. You know, we have the the Cuban throwing stones at the blacks and the juvenile cemetery village and all this stuff. And you know, the crime over spilled milk, it's over just move on. And stop hate and life too short. It's not going to happen. Yeah, I hear you. Never can happen. That's why this time will never work. If we live to be 600, this place will never work because the people are just taking each other too much. I hear you and they won't come up. They don't listen. I hear you trying for the past for the past 40s. You know, you, I don't want to talk no more about the election. You take a call on what the person say, hey, you're the election. Right. And you hang up on them and they can matter you would stop and listen and you don't stop getting carried away because this is a public is so easily slayed. Yeah. And you know, I just wanted to put my two cents in. Okay. Any one more quick thing. I bet you before the half-power up, you have three colors talking about how the Cuban sucks for voting for Bush. Okay. It's you or anything. They can't see. You'll see how long it'll be on. I already had a facts. In fact, remember, I had a pile of facts in the machine when I gave him his morning. First facts were on top of the pile. The Cuban doesn't write it away. Spaskin. I don't know why you people are wasting your image. It makes you feel better because as soon as I start seeing something like that, I read about two lines of it and it's writing away. Spaskin. That's what they also I do about two lines. 560 and then two more. Four-derelled. We feel sorry for Darrell. No. No. Just put them in a box. Put them in a lock box. We'll be safe. Here's Mommy's Spring. Hello. Morning. Yes, sir. Yes. Yes. One of the next are a couple things. First, I don't have a computer. I'll put in your poll. You'll be going to many games. Yeah. I'm going to have two other people out there. You're number three. So let's see, that's three. That means you, you can take the whole first-base side and somebody can take the third base. And the other person can take the whole off-field. I'll do it. And move around. Okay. Oh, also, just that night, I'm going to go out with the hour. Yeah. And when you're all buddies, it's on here. Oh, yeah. Algo seems on it. We had 48 messages that I was going to be on the day and we're bored to death about it. But yeah, sure that he's going to be a whole house in Saint Martin. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, I just want to mention about that. And just pretty much it. Okay. Okay. Thanks, Bill. Yeah. Okay. Are you excited about that, George? And now is, oh, yeah, we already had the message that I was going to be on. You know, I don't even want to say it. He's going to show up to do that. Bring the case. You're a part of the answer to them. I know that you want me to be able to you. I mean, I don't need it. I got my own apartment. But I like the location of it and every now and then if I need like a P-breakers something, you know, all you don't need a P-break. They got outside places you can pee. And that's something what a country man. It actually outside. I'm not talking about the sidewalk. No, they have outside P-play urinals. Apparently it's a Europe thing. This is it. All over. I never saw an Italy. No? No, an Italy. In fact, I don't think even let you pee inside the very inside the house. They had like those walk up booths right on the side of the sidewalk. Yeah. Because the Pope, the Pope gets real nervous and indley of any guy like, you know, takes a penis out of his pants. He gets, he's not really sure what's going to happen. So you're not allowed to pee at all and at least only at home. In France, that one France, they just pee on the street. They do a Billy Carter thing in France. He says, wherever they are, if they're in a restaurant, you know, the mood strikes and they just pee on the floor. See, like I said, don't generalize about any group of people in a world that's a bad way to live except the French, then we'll make the French Canadians. Oh, I was, I was on my way to Mother's Hospital on yesterday and here's a frog in front of me and I kept saying, you, I can't say what I kept saying. I'm screaming in the car, talk about, well, this guy could have put in reverse and been making more progress. And of course, kind of like weaving all over your little bit of freighter go around him because you're not really sure what that is. Some of it's just going to do. You French Canadians, we despise you. We hate your life poison. Parlay, we'll go home. Go away. Don't go away, mad. Just go away soon. Had one yesterday with a green arrow. Do they not have green arrows in Canada? Oh, it means go. Oh, no, God, they are just brutal. And there are no young French Canadians. They're all old. They're all over the edge of a hundred. And they drive like they've been dead for 20 years. But hey, don't get started on it. Don't start at dwell on those negatives, man. Keep it positive, huh? Here's a moment on Hollywood, hello. Or they are, yes or great. Just came back from Vegas the other day. Great. What a great time that was. It was a little chilly, but we got over that. Yeah, just walk back to the current side all day anyway. Exactly. That's less getting back and forth in between the cars. So you're not really a chance to get too cold. But Baragio, everything is fantastic. Yeah, never had such a great time on my life. I recommend everybody is going to go there at least once in their life to walk down the strip and see all the people and I'm in some of the casinos and everything is just tremendous. Yes, you do people they don't have time to hate each other because it's too busy having a good time. Exactly. I mean, everybody was nice there. People know how to drive. I took your wife. I rented a car there. You got a rent a car. No doubt about it. Sure. I mean, to get anywhere in Vegas, you need a car from one end to the strip to the other no matter what. Especially if you're looking for those great 7 11. Well, we didn't go any of those. The buffers are tremendous. The spots were great. The tables were great. And we came, we left with about 1200 came back for the box six. So we did not manage at all. Well, we did a real good. My wife we left the telephone first in Monday morning. We stated the Rio Manitav placed beautiful. Is it? Oh, fantastic. Everybody keeps telling me about how great it is. I had one bad experience in there one time and I just wanted to go back. Well, I tell you, how does she give me another chance? But there are just too many great places to go. So why the hell should I waste my time going on that though? Don't I? It's a great place though. It's beautiful. They got the buffing line in there. A 15 different world stations that you go to. I think everything imaginable in there sounds good. I think I'm taking off for there for a couple of weeks. Sounds good to me. Well, I'm already saying what up for next year. Okay. We need to get back. Maybe had a good time, girl. All right. Thanks. Yeah. Everybody loves Vegas. Oh. And how could they not? Let's hear a sound push. The Neil Roger show sports radio. 560. 2, 8, and Florida sucks. Beep and turn the keyhole. Watch and mom and dad. Beep and turn the keyhole. We must probably ever have mom and dad replaced and tagged right there on the bed. Mommy and her pooby. At the airport daddy's head. Mommy's head was popping. She almost got wet wash. I don't know what she was drinking but you got a milk mustache. Beep and turn the keyhole. And show what I see. How short do you like him more? Maybe on TV. Mom and dad were hooked together. Black and white, white and white. What a nice work. Something like that. Mom wants the electric door. Dad was breathing heavy. Mom was on her knees. He must have had a boom boom crush. He just went to where he peed. He's been told to pee. Oh. Watch and mom and dad. Beep and turn the keyhole. The most one we ever have. Or we watch still little longer. And I started to get sick. If daddy's name is Helbert, why mom asked for dick. Daddy's grown in his five-row back. Mommy wanted more. She's gone back on top of him but oh he did much more. Beep and turn the keyhole. Had for minutes, perhaps. I can't wait to try this out on the door in my class. Good work. I can't wait to try this out on the door in my class. 16 before 11 at 5.60. W2M. You're happy in station for at least a few days anyway. Yeah no more than that crap between now and New Year's. That's the result of the mission. We got Christmas Day coming up. Are we working Christmas Day? No. New Year's come up. We're working New Year's Day. No. We know how to do it. We know how to get a maximum. Maximize our time off. That's what it's all about. Get the most money for at least time off. Or in Georgia's case, get the at least time off at least money. Anyway, that was for Glenn and Iowa. Freaking his ass off and I was one of our regular factions. How come our faction machine is like is that just that they're all coming like this now? Is that an ink thing or is that just huh? I don't worry about it. Don't worry about it. Like I said or cheap. Keith was one of our interns at the station that maybe he's listening right now. He leaves me and know about the Carb Solution City Call the other day. And he leaves me an article from what is this from? News week. What is this from? Some magazine. And at any rate, oh, let's live on. Let's live online.com. Maybe the name of the magazine is let's live. What we're gladless, it's got all these different diet bars and protein bars. And his problem was that he said the Carb Solution is the shakes are great, which is true in the bottles. They're great although a little high in fat. But delicious. And he says the one bar, the a protein bar they tried tasted like schmit. Well the chocolate one is the one that I tried that tasted okay. They've also got like a peanut butter ready. Which I never tried because I can't stand peanut butter. And they got the cover of the look. So that's if you don't like the chocolate one all I can tell you is good luck to you because most of those things really suck. But the cum solution shakes are delicious and they're at the Walmart and Kmart and publics and all over the place. 560 560 560 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless and if you go to any Marlins games this season is up on theorodgers.com not looking too good John Henry 90 votes or far 57 people say never as in law chance. 26 said maybe one or two maybe not too uh you know maybe one or two. 5 people said a few as in more than two but less than a whole bunch. And two people said many and then the one guy that called two people said many. And we're going to build a new stadium for this guy. No. No. Well certainly isn't going to be able to compete with all these these ridiculous salaries that are going on out there which of course is the it's the end game it's all over with. Why don't you just cut your losses John Henry and just sell it to some other schmuck who comes along and bail out. You already lost half your money with your commodities half of that fortune disappeared. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Good morning. What is there? I want an office you can pay a tytony bit for me. tytony. You got it. Thanks for having me. Okay. Have a happy. Hello. I'm Tommy from tytony. Thanks for the best high food and a best service. As long as you're not black. Comment down to tytony or stuffy. We know like black people. Hey don't keep well. Besides why black people want to eat tycoon anyway. We don't have fried chicken on the menu. Oh wait. I forget we have a spare ribs. You change. I told. But I said we're so many. It's not my home. So if you're not black, comment down to tytony. Come do think of it. So damn gay people. We're not like damn either. Should it recruit. But they talk too loud with funny lives. They serve other customers. No comeback. So no gay, no black. And while we're at it, light people. You make reservation for 17. Don't show up at 820 and it's for you table. We give you to someone else already. Light them people always late. No black. No gay. No light and tight coming. And George people, you start figuring all of you who can't who have what. Pay with the angle. Let our outside. Take 45 minutes to try to divide up bill. We ain't no one you hear. No Jew, no black, no fact, no cumin. And white people, you think you better than everybody else. Come play too much if we don't teach your ass. You all know come back. No white, no black. No Jew, no Latino, no gay. Everybody else for the best typhoon. 12 miles out to tytony on the beach. Hurry before we have to close. She never reminds me that business about everybody gets their 15 seconds of fame. Same thing here. That was a base to Ray for like a couple of weeks. And then there was a little bit of a follow up. And he gave us a apology thing, a big shot of it. And that was it. Do we even know if he's still in business? Do we know that? Oh, I don't know. I mean, I wonder how they're doing. Do you care how they're doing? No. See, all I know all I would care about is if his fool was good, that's all I care about. Ray's just gooks. I guess you're not going to be any kind of soon that the animal coast, huh? They're not racist. I will. No, they're not. They're great. But I just mentioned that in passing the George Don't Like. 567. Anybody? 567.0560. How about Jewish Chinese? Are there? Oh, they're must be. I guess. There must be. That what a perfect match that would be. Don't Jews like Chinese food a lot. I thought if you were referring to the small peanut. Oh, no. I wouldn't know. Except for Milton Burl and Jelby. Here's Orlando. Hello. Anya? Yes sir. I'm sorry. I'm surprised how ghosting that I mentioned you on how are this morning. Why is that? I just thought you would give the shot up to you. No. It was funny that he was on a day because today was Howard's big announcement that he signed for five more years. I was on with a Snoop Doggy Dog. But now he has no shame. You know, he'll be the first one but he has no shame at all. It didn't sound like it. No. Anyway, I wanted to make a request. Yes sir. Can you play the Phil Henry all you could eat in Negro bit? Do you got it? Thank you. Okay. See you now. So Al was sucking around with Snoop's what? Is doggy dog. Oh, but do you fear your nephew is in hell? I feel that my nephew is in that room for long as well. Not with the Lord. In other words, in hell. I don't know. I feel there's no one alone. And because I think five is bodies, I don't remember. You fear that that Roman Catholic community is the nature of nephew's bodies. All right. We have on the light of Van Ice here a Roman Catholic priest on KFI M640. Oh, okay. Good. Good. This lamb, first of all, I'll put my condomances to you on the long distance. And that's it. Do you think this lamb? Yes, yes. Okay. So I just want to let you know correct by something for you, okay? Yes. So this is just you've been missing from the bow. Very nice. Very nice. Very nice. Very nice. What is your different gun on? I don't explain to you what I believe is. And then you can draw your own conclusion. But you eat people. The next thing we're teaching is that you draw your own conclusions. Let me further explain, okay? Okay. First of all, we believe that when we see it communion, we will say the body and blood of our Lord Jesus Christ. Oh, come on, my God. We will hold on, man. I mean, I'm just calling to let you know what right belief is. You eat flesh and blood. If you want to look at it, that way, that way, that way. Oh, my God. That's fine. Come on up there. This is our belief. And you draw your own conclusion. I want to learn this. And then you got to let the Father explain. Well, what I want to know is that I am talking about it. What is the key thing that's been formed? This is my show razor. Like I said, but there's no one. Okay, the hearing said because you've been missing from the bow. What happened to your ear? You've been already coming. You eat the buck, you eat the whole damn thing. No. Excuse me? Don't you eat it? With the host. Yes. The host. But he's pleased to hear about it, you know, the man. That's not what I said. You said you eat the blood, Mrs. Of whom? Carme man. No, of Jesus Christ. Oh, God. That is a blasphemy. What are you two? Carme man. Or I'm trying to do it in front of our belief. I'm not going to be looking for him. Do you eat up on the bow, he too? I'm not going to answer that. I don't understand what's that mean. What does this man talk about eating the blood, Jesus? What in finish? I'm just saying what he has done. This scripture's man, where Jesus said bread and blessed and broken, in fact, take this and eat it. This is my body. Oh, sure. I need to put the cup of wine. You said take and drink this is my blood. And again he says, I'm going to eat my body and drink my blood. I don't know what to do. Oh, my God. This is good, right? Exactly. You talk about eating up on Jesus. I just call you that one of what we believe. You grab a long Jesus, Jesus. It's just the belief. Grab a long Jesus. If that's the truth of the reason. In my mouth you'll go to about him. Amen. I can again. Macaron Jesus. St. Catholic. Macaron, my boy. I don't act on your body. I don't know what he's got on his mind. The Catholics Macaron, your boy, huh? You will ask them. No, no. You will ask them. You will ask them. Yeah. I think I need more smoke and smoke over there. Well, I'll tell you. Listen, don't worry about that. I'm not going to stop you. You look like a brother, but I'm not going to stop you. I'm not going to stop you. Listen, Father, I thank you for taking the time. Oh, I really do. I am. You have a good Easter. Well, you, you, you, you'll pay for your sins. Well, I'll give it a big bite. That's true. Thank you, Father. All right. That was a Roman Catholic priest. And Macaron, my boy, like a brother, but I'm not going to stop you. Oh, you can be. Oh. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. What was it? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But you call, man. Oh, you can be. It's a girl. Oh, no. Oh, you can meet me, bro. Oh, God. So, I am a stick. Thank you very much. And you're welcome. Okay, 1054 at 560WQ. So what exciting thing you think else said? I'm with Howard this morning. I'm a fat. Yeah. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 1818. In fact, it will be there. I know that his legion of fans will want to come and see how fatty still is. It takes a lot for our thing to do that. Just an unpm. And David, he'll be there bigger than life. Here's West and hello. In fact, I heard out this morning. And the funniest part about it was when they started asking, why are you breathing like that? Are you going to be die right here? Yeah. Every time you're with it, whether anybody comes in here or whether you're having a meal with them, every breath looks like it's going to be as last. It's all written in the face. You really have to see it. He said, right in the back, maybe he's looking at Snoop's thigh for something. And that was making him breathe heavier. Oh, my, in my. You're mentioning earlier about how the best way to make money in this town would be to open up the old fart store. But I've had this idea. I've been open up a rascal dealership. You know, the little motorized wheelchairs. And have it out by obviously, you have to buy the back that near publics because that's where you see them all. But have a rascal dealership. And you have, you know, special accessories, like people who want to wear the cool sunglasses, but they need buy Focals instead of Oakley, they could have buy Focals. And we have all these. And don't forget to let a bag this thick, sweet low in the pickles. And they're also sort of a cup wrap. You have a glass, a glass, a bag wrap. Yeah. That all these types of things. And you'd make a lot of money. And it's not that I was going to ask you if you wanted to be able to put your name on the first rascal dealership we owe. I'd be honored. Okay, great. I would get to a dealer's choice as far as a request. But I wanted to mention I was a biggest order today. Yeah. Actually, it was a July. I want to say this was in July. I would be a day in July. Yeah. 114 every day. Oh, you know what? The beauty of the biggest, though? I was, I stood there for five days. I was going to be a day in July. I said, I post got to a friend. I said, this is what the outside of this hotel looks like. I wouldn't know. I haven't been outside of the hotel. That's right. That's why they like it. You don't get outside. Okay. Have a good one. I'll use one. That's right. Who cares if it's 150 in the shade? I mean, if you're after walking around on that, you deserve it. Whatever you're going to. And it doesn't, it's dry. You know, it always feels like 110. It's not that bad. 1057 and 560WQL. 430560WQLM Miami Port Lunderedale, a measly broadcast group station. WQLL.com or the world. It's Friday. You best, dude. Some people don't. Don't have a clue. They walked all around. With their head up that loose. Right, dude. He's all the way. He's just like him. They're just looking for fans. Can they know being a few? Like the chronic from you. Oh, the chronic from you. It's first on the line. So you took the last to catch this. We've had both it combined. We're waiting for him. I just come on up with you green for me. We, you and what army of little young who you should. We, all your friends have here. We'll have all your friends. Carpets, bring, why don't you stand up like on your own. It's always we, we like you got all your buddies. How come you don't like stand on your own thing? We just stand on our own. We, there's that we again, man. Are you speaking French or English? Yeah, yeah. Because you're being as we, we are. We are. We are. There we go. We are. We are like then play on our circuit. You can't even spell us. We don't want to run to our seat. We're on the radio. Right. And you know, we, we, we, we, we, you saw like that baby. Are you in Luchor? Are you an interest? You're not thinking of an interest with a baby. You want to admit it now? Wait for the moment. Some people don't. They don't have a clue. They walk down the mountain. They head up, they're through. Yeah. It's always a stone. They're just looking at the foot there. And you love me, you're the one who is like the chronic from the moon. He's the chronic from the moon. Oh, it's a beautiful thing. Very quest on facts in the lie. Sorry like that. All the quest Friday. If any of you all farce tuned in and what are what tells us going on here today, we're going to be talking about the presidential, no, we're not. Don't even think about it. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line out. Poor question today, will you be going to any Marlins games this coming season? Since John Henry still wants that new stadium. Somebody's got a pay for a new stadium he said. He thinks he hopes. 124 people have voted already and so far, 84 are the 124 have said they are never going. Under penalty of death, there was absolutely positively. No, they're not going. Including me, that was my vote first. Maybe one or two games, 30, maybe kind of like a lukewarm, maybe. A few games, seven and many. I mean, a whole bunch. 3. Here's a mobile and have a tour, hello. Call me, yes. I heard you talking about the Booby flags before, I just left the oven to her mom. There's like three or four of them in the general vicinity of where I parked. So I got out of my car. I went over and I changed all of the month different cars. Oh boy. Great. Well, I'll give me something to do all day. That's great. Good. Uh-huh. Have a good one. Thanks. You first. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, that is an excellent idea. I mean, that's a little bit of mischief, but what's wrong with that? Switching the flowers in the tennis balls and when the little orange balls on the antennas. So all the old parts have been spent in like all day in the shopping mall looking for their vehicle, which is good because it keeps them off the roads anyway. Here's a mobile and high lia, hello. Show all of the old guy. Yes sir. I was wondering if you'd play that bit sitting on a bench and dull right, please? Oh my god, what's that just played yesterday? No, I'm not. Here. Oh my god, what's that just played yesterday? No, I'm not. Here. Oh, I like to look their card or their models. Gee, guys, my doing bench, he's pretty tall. I'm wondering right what's on his whole way. I said I needed a lady today. So I'm just sitting on a bench and dull right, waiting for their lovely best to take me away. All in just a few months, they can go right to find them. My clothes keeps trying to take Michael down to change, questo breakfast will all raise to the pain. All of that kind of girl with Dev46 knew the girl. The time at high rate once was slow, just few day rested my bones. When you're in my wife won't be here long, we've talked it over and I never will wait. I just find a trepid through tomorrow again. Oh, so I zip, I don't bet you don't read. Waiting for the lolly bastard take me away. Oh, you just zip on a bench in the room. Flip my feet right in. Flip my feet right in. And everything is. So that's the time that's where you're at. And it's bitch. But that's what you think. And we're all in the door to talk to you. Thanks to the half after 11 at 5.60WQAM. 5.60705.60 the lines are all working today, baby. It's party time. We have real reason to celebrate. This is a shocking. Under what the screen reads, you keep this banana. Don't forget we got Hank covered up at two Hank with Dave Wantsett. Who's very quietly doing a pretty damn good job if he asked me. Dave Wantsett, you're at five. John Brooks hobby, it's six. Panther preview at seven. Or oh, if we have Panther preview with seven. You know what that means, don't you? A hockey game at 730. Panthers at the penguins. And I have a thing when the penguins might be in a pretty solid pissed off mood after getting knocked around and pounded by at least seven to four the other night. Nothing I want to start like the voice of doing, but the Panthers at the penguins 730. 8K after the hockey game. Think the Panthers have a shot tonight. No, come on. Here's a mobile and tempered pine. Hello. Hi. How are you going? Great. In honor of Brian and Terry Murray, I was wondering if you could play. We love you Panthers. Oh yeah. Because they're so great this year. The party's a ticket to go to the game. Okay. Thank you. You got it. I think that up is one of those things. Do you know what's one of this? No. Three. Is it? Are you sure? Positive. Seriously. Okay. Well, we're at after the break. That's excellent. See, well, so far today, we haven't had anybody call with a little hairy on that joke or royale thing. But of course, I came through. I mean, George came through on that. Because that's one of the things that's very frustrating is that when we do this, which is not that often, but when you're doing like an all-request thing, and then people will call by me. I mean, what's that bit? What a guy's guy is finger up his sister's ass and it, and it takes like a half hour to figure out where to hold it is. Or what it is. But, tell some good time. Eight minutes after 11 at five, 60 WQA. Why don't you go back to Canada? You too, boss. Alright. We love you, Panthers. We'll get to do the way you get this one. If all of you are through. Ooh. You'll have your family, cos it's true. Are you sure? Oh, man, there's we love you. We love humanity. You're very sad. We make this feeling clear of the rest. You are my very favorite cat. God never will be the winner, sad. We love humanity. Oh, yes, we do. The way you see it for, can answer to. And that's what heavy goals were for. You'll win me with a view. Why don't you turn so easy to love? Because they play with us, but I love you, and you go. It's heavy, heavy. And when these sources rise, it's in the green. The whole arena here, with sweet. Hey, great, what's up and up? It's heavy, heavy. We love you, neither mind. But you really blew. And I could flower in the sun room. We're gonna start again, real soon. Go! Right, neither mind or we love you. Oh, boy, let us kiss the easy love. Because they play with us, but I love you, be better. Oh, yes, we do. With your second hand, the club has to do. We'll get that planet there. It's too cool. And we love you, we love you, don't mind. Oh, yes, we do. We'll be close to the year. Because it's true. You brought us all in place. Oh, yes, we do. Oh, can't understand, please, let us kiss. Oh, yes, we do. Good bye, it's Ryan Murray. You killed the TV, and you wouldn't know. Good hockey, it fits with you. Who are the ass for a coach you are a stupid punch? You're boring, must be nuts. You keep you on it. You couldn't manage your check for never mind this being. That at one time had all the rights loved. And it won't be too late for a special break when you're the one betraying. And when you leave, don't forget to kiss more. Your hockey queen. You talked that you would do better than something to play. And when the pain goes and you'd more. There's no one left to play, hey, don't you? Good bye, it's Ryan Murray. You killed that TV, said. You don't know. You're not interested in hearing why. But no matter how you try, you can't deny that. You made the process just because you make a loud, easy coach. And as a manager, you really go. And it's empty too late for a few cell-up break. When you're the one betraying. At the new age, don't forget to kiss more. Your hockey queen. You talked that you would do better than something to play. And when the pain goes and we won't let it go. It's upset. It can have to compliment. 11.16. It's 5.60. It's good to be sure to show this more. How many games do you think the Panthers are winning this year? Yeah, that's what he said. I also just told me some great bad news. I'm sitting here just salivating because I'm on the food channel. And it's just my luck. You know, they're making all kinds of ice cream sundays and butter skies sundays in whipped cream and cakes and pies and stuff. And George, excuse me, the bad news. He said, it's a bit bigger on that channel because if you're watching that, and I do I dare just for a second. It's a commercial now. You won't see anything. Oh, that's a commercial now. Good. Let me go back. We turn to sender. How bad is it? Zerox down, motorola down, everything's down. Well, down doesn't come anything. Like down to six for zerox or less. It was four bucks a couple of weeks ago. Who cares about zerox? They're going out of business anyway. What do I care about them? I've written that off. Another back. Oh, they're back. Let me just take a quick. You'll be sure that you may be do this because I've been in such a damn good mood on more. Yeah. It's well, it's not even 1130 yet. And the Dow is down 186, the next day, down 96. Why don't you make me do that? Yeah, we'll have it. Just and of course we got to do. I don't want to say his name in there. We got to do. And they're now. Nice start there sweetheart. Nice start. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. I'm still getting over there snacking on Jesus. Oh my god. Yeah. I almost lost it. Are you? Yeah. Listen. I'd like to make your quest for big dick in Marco Island. How about the hot dick insider? Okay. Thanks, man. There's a guy with a one track. Mine. Now is that what it called hot. Oh, I see. Let me make sure I got which was one was it. Dickens. First stand. Now I know what that one's called. I'm just wondering which Dickie was. Hey. Hey. Oh, Spag. Can you know when I'm driving down root, I'm W on a hot summer day. Me and the miss is always stop the Dickens. Dickens fruit state. They've got everything. That's great for fruit to vegetables, homemade pies, but there is nothing like their side. Eight bed rad honey. Dickens side. Yes, sir. Why? Even though we were late in mature flesh on the chie and I have a little dick inside. She says the rate nothing like. Even mom ministers. This is why I've been chosen little dick inside. Now and then. Hey, why don't you break some home and I'll protect your plastic rib bottom. That way it'll stay fresh. Or you can lick it and a while and have some hard dick and cider. It's good. It's good. It's good. It's dinner and there's nothing like waking up with a dick inside. Dickens fruit state. Just a fruit nine double you and cut for road six to nine. Open 24 hours because if there's a chili summer night, I like to snuggle up and bed with a thick inside. Mmm. I'm going to say that. I feel the food. Why is it hot? Dickens. Big pine. I got a confuse. I got a backward. Sometimes you have a tough time keeping your. Straight. Anyway, a bad news on the market because there's just a little teeny time. Didn't like that the CPI number this morning. Whatever the hell at number was the core inflation rate and this one and that one. It went up just a little bit of inflation around. They're smelling it. And therefore they're in a big panic because now the. Or Alan Greenspan and the Fed not going to cut interest rates and they're going to go to with neutral bias and the moon is in your rain is and I pop up. It's all scam man. It's all a big fat goddamn scam. I'm warning you right now. Don't get started with a stock market crab. Just because a few people got lucky. I had a bunch of fantom bogus stocks for a few months. Don't get sucked in there like I did like I was in low with all these fantom text stocks. Don't ever do it. Try to tell that to Georgia's morning. Like when Dero said, oh, just I don't want to just a couple lines. Yeah. Sure Dero. I'm in. I'm up. The amount of money that you have in there. It's a door every morning. George comes in and he's got a. He's got these four little little teeny tiny like not penny stocks, but it's. Yeah. Fine. Well, that's fine. How much are you going to get hurt with that? And that's as far as you wanted to go believe. Exactly. Don't get involved in all this other stuff. All you have to do is turn it on like this morning. They had the guy from the Chicago border trade in there and they're in the background behind him. The noise is just unbearable. And then I'm screaming and waving and carrying on is this is this your idea of what you want to happen with your money. No, I don't think so. I don't think so. Here's my any. I don't have a. Great. I'm sorry. Okay. He was happy to hear me in a good note until he called. I'm still a good mood. I look to the I know it's going to take a crap. You can see that before it opened this morning. They're already making excuses. And we're going to have a recession and everything's going to be in the crap. And that's it. Life goes on. It's only money. I'm just going to get out of five six seven. Five six seven. Five six. It's all request Friday here at WQ. I am. Tuesday night. Pizza law. Six to nine. Now ghost. There would my keys. Here's my any hello. Come on. Any. Yes sir. Tell me. You've been talking about a product called low carbs. No. Well, it's you mentioned this morning. I couldn't talk about a product called carb solution. Oh, cop solution. Right. But I ask you. Does is that is that okay for diabetic? Sure. Good. Why wouldn't it be? It's got that that's the whole idea. But it's got almost no carbs. And if that's why I've been drinking it. It's the cell list. Public's. Public's. One more came our great great. And the one thing I met. Listen to the people talking about Vegas. There's no and not only Vegas if they get a chance to Or take a little side trip like. For you. Beautiful. Yes. Only not this time of the year. Okay. Thanks. Not this time of the year. Man. The roads up there. The winding roads and the mountains. Where there's one. There's one on a way between. Where the hell is it? The weather is coming from in. And the road. You just have to come to an end because otherwise it's by by. You know, just you're coming to an end the row and stop and like almost Make a turn right in the mountains. Beautiful thing. Just don't close there in a wintertime. 560, 50, 50, pound, five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a mobile and highly a garden. Hello. Yeah. Finally. You're here. Brittany going down the bottom. Brittany going down the bottom. Brittany going down on Bubba. Yeah. Brittany going to the clamp. What else I call? I'm sorry. Don't be sorry. I'll find it for you. Thank you. I'll be great. I can find it. Bubba hopes he does. Bubba, I'll stiff the meningler there and they're a pub for 35 bucks. They said 35 bucks. I find that. Talking to only be 35 bucks. They had a whole entourage in there. Well, whatever the tab was, they went in there had a few pops and. Walked out. And I guess his attitude was, hey, 35 bucks is a pretty damn small amount. A few pounds of fuel shulings, whatever it is for bailing your. Line the asses out two wars in a row, okay. That's a least you can do. And then some British newspaper came along and picked up the tab. See, that's how dull it is. That's a kind of story they were pointing out. What's that Brittany and Bubba thing? What is it? I don't want to know if you have. No, it's not in there. No. We'll find it. Here's some while I say hello. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, Neil. Thank you for playing that panther song. I've been almost brought a tear from my eyes. I know. Almost. A lot of tears to my eyes when they started talking about robbing me tomorrow. Yeah. Yeah. Any time I hear the name. Any time that the Lemieux will make it's the beauty right against the panthers? No. No. He's not doing it. Come back to the Wendock. They said maybe the 27th and of course my luck they're playing in Toronto that night. Um. Oh, well, I was hoping maybe we could have some excitement tonight in the game. Well, there'll be some excitement. I'm not so sure which side will be ending. I'm going to be the point. I'm going to be the point. I've got it. We'll come from the other side. Yeah. All right. Well, thanks a lot. Go panthers. Okay. Good luck to us. Go panthers. But don't just, you know, don't be angry about it. Because the only good games they play now for the most part around the road. Not that many of them. But, uh, hey, listen, that's going to be great. Just hang on tight, hang in there and the go and buy those tickets. Wayne wants your money. The new owners going to want your money. We can't do anything now. I mean, if play 29 games, they've already won five. Huh? That's not too bad. They play 29 and they won five. And if they play another 50 or 60 or 70 or 80 or 100, they might win another three or four. So what do you tell you, can you buy it? Just give the man your money. Just line up their auditor when they decide to open up the doors when they're good. Ready, open up the gates. They'll let you in and buy a whole bunch of that perfinated there. They're the shirts in the jackets and all over Price merchandise. Come on. Because that's what America's all about. It's about commerce and the way that markets go. And as again, see now you've picked my interest. I wish you wouldn't have done that. But I'm going to get all depressed. Or still a, oh boy. Oh, that's actually 2631. That's not very good. But we'll take it to do our 1500. Or we'll take the dog it's back to about five, six thousand. See, the smaller the numbers are, the easier it is to eat track on. This is five, 60. You a-yeah. A Neil Roger show. You'll sports radio. Five, 60. You a-ham. Five, 60. Five, 60. Five, 60. Five, 60. One, one, one. One, two. Love it 29 at 560 WQM all request Friday not turn that marketing on again one more time And by the name of Jesus the pressing 560 70560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line That's anything we got wanted. I'll never find it in a million years, but But Everyone So grab some lunches come on let's play I AmOkay I Hard Come along there, bring a brand-time to have a seat upon the windows now. This is gonna be a mystery, sadly. Run around the bell! I can't sleep again and now! I can't see you again or play, Rob. Don't get yourself into the house! God, I'm blue. I'll be kicky, sir. I'll be home, I'm on the train. And I can please tell you now. I'll affect the whole I got come back. You've got to have a good, a good seat! You've had it from around the middle. How are you doing, honey? I have the bottom of my heart. You're drinking food. I think I'm going to sleep, sir. It's going to sound like the breath limit. I'm on the train. I'm on the train. I love you, too. Why are you going to miss him? I'll tell you that I already missed him. 1131 at 5.60WQM. Here's a great cooking show. Lulta Mario. You ever watched Maltamario? No? Well, that's because it's a real cooking show. Because he reads like real estate and he makes great stuff. In fact, he's making the first boss over and now. See, this shows you what I'm trying to do. I'm trying to show you what I'm trying to do. Now, please don't tell me you watched Emerald. No, I don't like cooking shows. I don't watch any cooking show except Iron Chefs. Yeah. Fun and funny. Yeah. It's funny to laugh at those. People are about how much the two are broads and one that just... Oh, yeah. I got to make sure you used to watch them. They're fun and they're on the train. One of them just croaked. They were. They snoking. Yeah. They're a little wilder time, yeah. And probably too much. And you got to dig too much of that British cuisine. But at any rate, if you are in the cooking show, this is a real great show. I'm both a model. But that essence of Emerald, man, I see him and it's your... I'm not just pissed off at him, but I'm pissed off at the people that suck up them. This guy, first of all, the people that know the real chefs and the people that know how to cook a meal, even five two eggs, he couldn't cook his way out of a paper sack number one. And number two, that's still acting his... Then kicking up a couple of others. And they're all sucking his ass, man. And you know how much I love yourkers. Yeah. Oh, he just makes my skin crawl. But at least he's humble. Yeah. That's true. And his ex-wife, I'll let you all that money. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Yeah, he got divorced recently because his wife said it would like too many few... Too few many... What is it? Too many bams going on that show? Whatever he just said. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 6, 5, 6, 6, on the AT&T, I was in touch with you good mood, yeah. And I said it's all request-fighting, not amateur comedy fighting, asshole. Here's a mobile-in-fort-later-dale, huh? Neil. Yes, sir. I just want to wish you and George a happy holiday. And the same day, more. Even though I don't celebrate the end of these season holidays, but that's okay. And I want to make a same with your question for Grandma's 34. Is that any of a bit George? Yes, and it's in it. Oh, that thing. That's what it's called. I still ampees saw Daddy's 60. Moms in high school. I don't remember that that is going to be 3. She's like she knows what's on him, baby. Grandma has died and a few say. We need a boy. She took it at me the children of this night. Me Grandma has 30 for her. And right when I'm got so far she needs to say Daddy. Get your step tonight. Mommy has a sister who's younger than me. My uncle's birthday was at the key. If Mommy gets that key and brings someone home, I please on the fly. I have been in the brothers. I'll see you never another. And grandma is 34. You and me, baby, do it in place in the closet. And please don't fail anyone that I am your cousin. You and me, baby, let me with like the Kennedy. I'll drown you in like you. Like a very jokes up back to me. You and me, baby, can't do it like the Donna. And half of the thing, bang if you want. I'll visit what we can react what I'm getting. 25 till noon at 5. 60 WQM from Pinnon Alphay. But they had to go to Europe to make a big smash. And of course they didn't actually edit out all their videos over there. And bleep out all the f***ers in our music. But hey, this is America. When it's down bleep out, that's our motto because we're very uptight about words and it's great to muck receive our very, very uptight. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale, hello. And Neo, yes, how are you? Okay. I just want to say happy new year. Happy New Year. No more sports, no more politics, just good weed and good sex. But I got to have a request. Yes, sir. I just got through a plan. Oh, they do? Yes. I just play something for me. Whatever you play is good and George W is a POS. Okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. How about all you can eat Negro? Okay. Here's Miami, hello. Yeah. Only one. That's all we got was one, one little one. Hi, Ali. Hello. Hi, Ali. Yeah, Neo. Yes, sir. Oh, I do. Okay. Enjoy your show. And I would like to request that little bit that you have with the 7, but the lambs, what they call the Pacific Circum. The Pacific Circumian people. Yeah. All of you are talking about that body augmentation. Right. Okay. Thank you. And have a happy new year. Hey, dear. This is Kevin. Hi, Javi. I'm interested in getting through operations done. Okay. And some body contouring and some liposuction. And I was wondering if it's some tummy tuck. And the lip augmentation, because many press sits in the East face. All of these things. Mm-hmm. And those ones are in... Oh, you like to start with? Well, I need to get everything done. Probably the first thing I'd like to have removed is my thing. Okay. We don't do that. No. Could you do breast implants though? Uh, I can't be done. I mean, I'm not very good right away. It's the lotion in the basket. Mm-hmm. How much? Uh, 5000. Excellent. I'd like to have my skin resurfaced too. Mm-hmm. The laser surgery. Mm-hmm. Have the lambs stop crying yet? Mommy. Excuse me? Don't hurt Mommy's little baby. It puts the lotion in the basket. I'd like to get the liporsection that I saw on TV. Okay. Can you make me look more like a woman? Well, I'll have to see you first. And then I'm on looking actually. We can tell you that only to you. Should I wear my skin suit made of body parts? Mommy? Uh, if you'd like to. It puts the lotion in the basket. Would you like to make an appointment? Yeah. Okay. Um, there is a hundred dollar consultation fee. That's fine. Okay. Okay. Okay. Um. My name is Baparol Bill. Okay. Let me give you a little information from you. Okay. I'm not going to get the lotion in the basket. I understand. It puts the lotion in the basket. Do you want to come in for consultation? It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. Would you like to make an appointment? Do you want to call me Baparol? Yeah. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand. I got my skin suit in the body like this. Oh. Bill. It puts the lotion in the basket. I understand that. Would you like to make an appointment? It puts the lotion in the basket. It puts the lotion in the basket. Okay. I will talk to you in the time. It puts the lotion in the basket. Hello? So what do you think he was really trying to say? It puts the lotion in the basket. Oh. Okay. What do you want to know in the 560 WQA? This is 560 QAF. It's Friday. You best, Bill. You? I just stay waiting. I'm so sure. It's for Baparol. I'm so sure. She's all her doctor. She fell through up. She's not bad. Small. Baby more. Baby. Baby. Baby. I'm so sure. Baby. Baby. Baby. Baby. I'm not comfortable. I'm so sure. I think she's at the gym. She's at the side. Because I'm five. And she's playing back. I'm all thinking that she's at the gym. Or just feel like it's so good. And I would hurt her. And it's been so tight. She's been really. Seventeen till noon at 560 WQA. That'd be a good poll question. Would you rather change the outcome of the election or spend a week in in the sack with me? Spirits. She was on that poll. All right. So to speak. 560, pound 560. See this thing with brushing the cars. Well, there he goes. One moment please. No. Taking time, it'll kill some good time. Durge is Monday. We're on the hall. Bapapapapapapapa. There are three washing the cars as a bitch. Now because now we got this water in bargle. What do you call that? What do we call? What do we call? Exchanging. I thought, yeah, it is rationing, I guess. It's a short-term. I like calling it in the bottle shortage. I know what that is. It's because it rains like crazy like it did here, but not up by the lake. Let me stay by the lake. Well, I'm sorry, that's Orlando. But at any rate, what the other thing to do? Because you can't wash your own car, unless you want to get up for a clock in a morning and do it. Well, what kind of hours are those? You can wash your car and not even addresses Monday, Wednesday, and Fridays that are Saturday. Whatever the hell they use between four or eight in the morning. The sprinklers, that's not a problem because even a more like me can set the guy to end the timer. But washing the car? So I guess you have to do a commercial thing, right? Doesn't affect them. Am I correct? I don't know. No. See, that's why I'm asking. Because I hate to think that anybody would be the location, violating the embargo slash rationing, whatever, locations are what? These car wash places that are in a standard location. Yeah. The guys that drive around supposedly recycle the water. Supposedly. That's why they're off the hook. They recycle the water. That's what I understand. Yeah, I know it sounds like you do that. How does it get all these? You don't have a filter in the shepherds. It's on their, oh, I'm sorry. Jesus Christ. They wanted to refill. This is what I heard. I don't like a horse job to me. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6. The head, they have no power out in California. It's Florida, Florida, California, Flickering Light. They're doing brownouts in blackouts. And yellowouts. Because they got a lot of Asians over there. And then we got no water here in Florida. Not that there are any problems you understand. And of course, what's not be considered about the environment? See, there he goes again. Now, what's Mario making here? We're not. Molters here. See, there you go. Ha ha ha ha ha. Here's Quincy, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Quincy, where? Quincy, Florida, where's that? Just a little weft of tele-hassy. Are you cereal? Good cereal. All right. I've been a long time-liftinger when I lived in South Florida. And I've never gotten a chance to call, but I had a spy report from back in August to give you if you're interested. OK. I got on a plane to go from Talahatse to West Palm Beach when those little hopper flying. Puddle jumpers. Yes. And well, you know, little wakers lady, whatever she is, making a speech before a flight tape saw. And she's in the middle of the part about no cell phone usage, turned it off now. Well, you got this all son of a bitch in front of me, just constantly talking on the cell phone. And the lady's looking right at him as she's saying this stuff. So you finally turned it off and get to West Palm. I get off the plane and there's that old bastard again right back on the cell phone. So I go to get the baggage and who is it? F-u-belly. I can't believe it. How do you like that? How many of you have to do with that store? That's fucking a bitch. But it was, well, maybe I've all people. I wish I would have had a cell phone with me. I would have called you right then. Well, I'm doing it. You're in Amsterdam. I would have probably told them it's in the bag. Or maybe he's in the bag. I was when he had a court date for when they sanctioned him. Right. Right. But anyway, well, I used to work down at home instead and I have to say that the Neil Rodgers show made the cocks crow down in that part of the country. That's what they say. That's what I heard. Okay. Thanks for the time. I already have a great life. You too. Okay. There's a guy from Quimpton. Not Quimpton because it was for Massachusetts. It would be Quimpton. Huh? Like Worcester? Worcester? I've heard people say Worcester because there are a lot of them people out there. And then of course it could be conquered the New Hampshire or Concord, Michigan. Yeah, or could be there to Concord, you could be flying. Did they finally start flying again or not? Or did they grow on them all? I think they started up again. The bristles had nothing to do with the plane. Not the front. There was a piece of crap on the runway from a previous plane and a group of all this money millions and millions and how dear they are in a quarter of the flight and it's not safe. And here was a piece of direct on the runway. Which of course is a major problem all over the world you understand. Direct on the runway and all the birds. Right. Birds. Yeah. So you think Alfred Hitchcock was a pressure. He knew what was on the runway. I was in the middle of the night. Him and Tippy had run. Well, you know, in its time it was very good. But if you watch it now. I mean, the special effects are so bad. Yeah. Really weak. But still. Can you imagine what they could do with that now though with all the technology we have? Didn't they redo it and it sucked? They did? I think so. I think it was a cycle. We did some that fact. We did cycle. Anthony. Now I'm not talking about that fact. I'm talking about the director or some fact of the way that we did the anyway. 560, 560, 560. There's some of the things that just don't need to be remade. Why would it? It's just like there's some songs that don't need to be redone like killing me softly with a song. Who was it that we did that? Oh, your favorite. Lauren Hill. No. Oh, no. That song doesn't need to be redone. Robert or Flax was one of the great songs in the history mankind. You couldn't sing it any better. There's no need to redo that. Lauren Hill. If you stuck a goddamn 357 magnum, if you stuck a magnum of champagne, I'll forgot that. That's what you couldn't sing. Lauren Hill. Oh, entertainer of the year. Oh, yeah. Okay. Heard. Heard. Heard. They're the worst. No, I mean you admitted to me. You gotta be stone out of your mind to listen to that music. Do not agree. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, Nith. Oh, Lord listener. I got two requests. Can you play the Faricon or the British tender from? Faricon or the British tender with everyone. Okay. Thank you, sir. I'd like to read a letter that I'm writing to all white people today in the spirit of unity and understanding their white folk couple of things you ought to know. When I'm born, I'm black. When I grow up, I'm black. When I get sick, I'm black. When I go out in the sun, I'm black. When I go out in the cold, I'm black. When I get scared, I'm black. When I die, I'm still black. But you, my white man, when you fall on your thick, when you grow up, you are white. When you get sick, you are green. When you go out in the sun, you go red. And when you get cold, you turn blue. And when you get scared, you turn yellow. And I happy it's time of my life is when white people die, you turn purple. And you've got the damn nerve to call me color. Correct. Exactly. It's 155. 60 WKOM. He really is one big sandwich. He is. He just piece of crap. This is Walter Mario. He just, see, I would much rather watch this, even though it's killing me. The Red Mark set in the market, which is killing me, at least it doesn't even look good. It doesn't recommend pre-cooking any pasta. OK, see there you go. That's true. Don't pre-cook pasta, because then it gets rubbery. And there's nothing worse than rubbery pasta. I'll then take it, maybe that's what it's got to be. A little firm, a little hard, if I can say that. Here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale, hello. Very new. Yes, sir. Happy on. And back to you, happy Mary. I'm cracking up over here. I'm not sure questions like one of the best things. And then we get back here. All right, let's get it back with a smile on our faces, that of all these depressing people that are bitching and money over spilled milk and elections. Who cares? There you go. It's been a while since I've been doing George's contract. And you're all around. And I'm cracking up over here. Exactly. Hey, a request on my internet desk, the motion in the back. The bubble of fix, I might have to take it on my job. I'll try to have a few more minutes to show too much. One more thing, I have a famous request. OK. If you don't want to be bonnick for your kids, I think it sounds like old-year talking on it. Oh, the old-year thing. Yeah, what do you want for your kids and teach them on a new study for college or something like that? OK. All right, thank you. What? I thought I would be talking about the old-year thing, didn't you? Yeah. And then you could play all of them. Yeah, let's play all of them. Not because I'm good, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, not just go find old-year. Yeah. Give him more for it. Give him another question, scared. Like, come to my hand. I'll take your calls and leave, Monterrey. Can you say the future means that so many? Now I can get no job. Cause I have to get no other thing. As talking like a new big road, you know, the next stop may house us way. Now I can do nothing. But I heard it says that OK, change my name to shoot road. Drive it to Senacota, ain't the camera, let's. I remember when I was dealing over by then, because hanging out tight, the building there, Bob, trying to blue-oose our father to you, while they were just going to be our foes. He is trying to pass. So if I'm gonna complete my line of change now, I have to go in and tell Bob that go to you. Back with him, back with him, back with him, back with him, back with him, back with him, back with him, back with him, back with him, back with him, loaded with a ball, in song. If I'm an exclamation sound for this, God, nussin the duet with their recipe. Now I got to make more money. Play the fool, sound good to me. I got plenty of nothing. You wanna can get me anywhere. Maybe I'll look at all my bitch. Feel the first and full of hair. Then I gonna take some money by a cereal and a fridge a day. I remember when I was stealing all the white men's dogs hanging outside the building there, a bath, a shower, a bath, a food, a private tea. White dead was got to know child, a Sekurya diaita non Avant, and the more you fight out of your head, almost you're not in trouble with your stuff. Gotta go on something pretty unusual. Don't fix it, rip yourmäßys. Now it's been a ton, chill, You can't put in Memoring hydrated in the Morning่ Bit. By transportation and our trucks during the conversation turning into chceyi. This is it that tendin is balanced very often in the bathroom, Come on, everybody. Don't look here, man. We don't pay a gig. She's not. We'd be flipping kids around. And he's panicked, be the lead. So what you talking about? You think the fuck is your food? I'm fucking fucking boy. It must be stupid, they can run. I'm fucking boy. You have it down and told me. Show me. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Let me do hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. I. Hold it. Hold it. Go. This is me. Heaven. Heaven. Heaven. Jesus. Jesus. Heaven. Who's that? Who? duault. You go in. I diagnosis. You are better. Those are the benefits I have done. Look. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. That's a good failure in you. It is mine. Let me have the 7560. It's mine and don't touch it. Or on second thought. This is 560. You way out. If wide away you press blue. You can't see. Our brothers and their babies come to see. We're being fooled and you're fine, King. We would be easy to have a new son. We're a bestie, easy to pack and spend. We're smart, smart, and friendly, brave. We're a great family. We're a great family. We're a great family. We're a great family. My name is Jeff. But here in the big house, they call me prison bitch. Sometimes my husband's rather afraid of my punk ass for a pack of cigarettes. Or a plagiarist for something. It makes me feel so cheap. Sometimes I sit in my cell and rock back and forth. Cry. He told me he loved me. I could even get him for a pack of smokes. I feel so dirty. I wish I could shower for what I do. The asking is that it's just waiting. Wanted. And Saturday is tomorrow. I can't handle much more meal juice. Hey prison bitch. I'm out of smoke. You're sleeping in Leon, sales in night. Oh dear. God. Okay. Yeah, we got 12 or five six to WQM happy Friday. We haven't fun yet or what. Yeah, we're doing okay. How's that pull coming? Poor John Henry. What do you say we give John Henry? Even though he's still got like half a billion left or whatever. He's got left from law. All I'm on. He lost in the market. What do you say we give my Christmas gift this year? Like a plane ticket out of town for him in the entire bulk up. And we'll have a scut and an Ira pack of a sandwich or two. From a library city, subs in Hollywood. Business class. Yeah, monkey business class. Bye bye, John. 2011 people on our pool. Was you be going to any modeling game this season? Because every other day, here's another article in the paper. Well, they're going to build a stadium now with FAU and they're going to do this. But they still want that one in Miami. And somebody's got a bullet form to come up with a money. They just won't give up and they just won't go away. Which if they did go away, can you imagine all money? That would turn this place softened overnight. Yeah, like a snap of the fingers that would turn this place around. If the marlins would just go away. Would you be going to any modeling games this season? Out of turn 1133, 63% say. Absolutely. Oh, never. Maybe one or two games away. It's three loading. One second. Scored, Scored. Okay. Like I said, out of turn 14, 136, 63 and half percent say never. 53 say maybe one or two games, 25 percent. A few games, 15, 7 percent. And many games. Oh, it's all way up to 10. 4.6%. So I got a great idea. How about, let those 10 people out there want to go to a whole bunch of games? What then? That's a good idea. Here's some rise, hello. No. Yes, sir. How old one of you could play two joints long for me? Yes, I can. Yes, I can. All right, man. I appreciate it. And have a great life. And a happy surface. Can I play 10 more? Can I do it? Yeah. Okay. Please say. Okay. And. How's Frank? There's doing it. Okay. And. How's Frank? There's doing it. And don't forget what the new regime all the times are going to be legal. Actually, the after the end of the year. I spoke to you. I spoke to you. I spoke to you. I spoke to you. I spoke to you. But only for them. I spoke to you. I spoke to you. I'm through to you. It takes you to eat. You eat. All right. I spoke to you. I spoke to you. I'm hungry. I spoke to you. I'm hungry. I spoke to you. I spoke to you. I spoke to you. I'm hungry. I said I'm just too old. Oh, my dad, hey, he wants to meet you. He's heard you. He's hard to keep. But my mom, he wants to meet you. He says you can. I said, wanted. I could say, but give to me. It says you turn. I spoke to you. Aaron, I spoke to you. I spoke to you. I spoke to you. I spoke to you. I spoke to you. I spoke to you. I spoke to you.ィ do you? No, I can. He says, I speak to you. I spoke to you. I spoke to you. I spoke to you. I spoke to you. I spoke to you. I spoke to you. state a sound I'm gonna say he was so mean So he will be our rookie man From my mind he was so mean So he will be the rookie man But then wonder I'll get there man Get to me again Okay I'll do it And then I'll do fine So stay here Hey That's why I'm going to do Get him on his own right I'm gonna do it Let's do it I'm gonna do it And then I'll do it Yes, they did it all right I'm gonna do it And time up And do it And I'm gonna go I'm gonna do it But then I'll do fine And then I'll do fine Go Go I'm gonna do it Go Go And I'll do it Go Go I'm so good with me and I'm all here Oh, good job I'm so good job with me and I'm so good Oh, good job I'm so good, I'm so good I'm so good Oh, good job I'm so good, I'm so good Hey, hey, hey, hey Oh, good job Hey, hey, hey, hey Oh, good job That's what I do Hey, hey, hey Oh, good job Hey, hey Hey, hey Hey, hey, hey Hey, hey, hey, hey Hey, hey hey Hey, Hey, hey And from my alloy you can detect the smell of smoke. Smoke can't smoke smoke. He like a disparate hand stroke. Smoke can't smoke smoke. Smoke can't smoke smoke. Like anjabu good. You'll be carry a lot of heart and deep under your neck. Smoke get everything until you're long-soul. With all the funny that we have made. Jamaica doesn't eat any foreign meat. We're American tourists from here and say, Got nothing like this in the US. They smoke smoke. Smoke can't smoke smoke. They like a disparate hand stroke. They begin to puff and choke. Smoke can't smoke smoke. They can't drink good. I'm not tell the sun you are at our stopman. You like to smoke to join us live whenever you can. Many people coming here from miles around. So bite deeper from you by the ounce of liquor. Oh, rust the man's age of her. Am I right? They can't be good tonight and they smoke. Smoke can't smoke smoke. They like a disparate hand stroke. Oh, smoke can't smoke smoke. Smoke can't smoke smoke. They can't drink good. Come on. How does that to do with the 560 WCM? A lot of bigotry out there every ethnic group has got this group paid to necklip. But nobody don't like the Jamaicans. The Jamaicans. You don't say? You're alive. They got the goodchmits. This is 560 UAF. The Neil Roger show. You'll support radio. 560. You. A.A. This was the large end in the basket. Dead dead dead. Someday you'll be dead dead dead dead. Someday you'll be dead dead dead. Someday we'll all be dead. The minute we're born we start dying. We die a little more every day. Younger old, rich report, there's nothing we can do to stop it. So does the long-time that Christmas tree. It may be the last one that you see. They could rate your house in green and red. Because someday you'll be dead dead dead dead. Someday you'll be dead dead dead dead dead. Someday we'll all be dead. It must have been more than a couple months or 50 years from now. But no matter when it happens it will soon turn to soon to you. Some leaves should alone Christmas Eve and you snuggle there to them. That you thank God for your family. Because someday they'll be dead. A bride dead dead dead. Someday they'll be dead dead dead. Someday we'll all be dead. Who knows how many Christmas gifts of the last two minutes should I? Nobody knows that's my point. Enjoy the world you can. And someone who's with more than a good baby who's still your baby. What a festive season. Someday you'll be dead dead dead dead. Someday we'll be dead dead dead dead dead dead. A wedding of joy. A very merry Christmas to you. Death. I'm doing good that's right. Just about every day and night. Because with me strong and tight A baby come home. I waited in the sea. She finally gave it to me now. Just like in her songs I can hear her voice. I've been dating the since we were four. It ain't no lie. I was the first to go through that door. It's a my bye bye. You're the day I'm everybody new. With you and it's like punish for a year or two. I hate to tell you her virginity. It's exactly in the village of the or in the house in a way out. That's the instinct not to you Miguel. 560. 560. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. I was feeling a lot better. I thought that it was a good luck. I'm going to get my car start looking for stock. I'm going to get my car start looking for stock. It's like Bobby Cox is you know when a brave loser tough game. He goes home and beats a crap out of his wife. Not that it was her fault. It lost the game but it makes him feel better. You know, so my broker's fault. The market's going to be a crap. But it would make me feel better to call up like Luca Brunzi. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Very much a lot in Julio. See? I want to get in touch with our family and son so play Goldie. Goldie? Goldie song? Jelly. Yes. Alright. Thank you. And have a great life. Go. Go. Go. Go. Talkin' on a fortune show. Try and do the macho. Your boy sounds just like a sad thing here, Oscar. I'll live for a full show. Watch out. Are you bad for jelly? Dancing. Talkin' like a baby. Booty's a little training. Like a two-on-third snack. You don't know like a man. Be boots of rubber, son. That joke. Your throat. Talkin' like a baby. Tell me. Tell me. Jelly. Your lucky man. It's just so cute. So cute. You don't belong there, aren't you? And jelly. Those sports can wait till your boy's track. So silly one who sounds like that should find another job. And they should only take you back when both your babies drop. Tell him. Jelly. When you're gonna grow up, you make us want to throw up. You silly, winky fool. Go to broadcasting school. Your pretty, you best best boy. Make you shout out to the guy. You're all about hot. You're all about hot. You're all about hot. How funny that we should get her closer. We're in a jail room in the hall this morning. You're one of the breaks on the worst thing. You said, you know, I've been wondering, how can a guy with such a gigantic penis is guilty? Have such a high squeaky voice. Huh? Well, you know that story. The deep voices have big balls. What kind of like, you know, Babies. You could have a gigantic penis in a very tiny balls. George Hiddlestick will find out next week. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the 18. Oh, you're defa. Yeah, as defa. Ask a pat. Honestly, I can't keep that straight. So to speak, which is the one that the Odeefo and pat are tight. And pat and the jelly enjoyed the ones that are feuding. And everybody hates Robert. Oh, and every all of us say Robert like, point because he's, he's, Now, what do you call pat psychopath? It should be psycho Robert. Because he's the eluentick in there. Well, he's not psycho. He's just, come and try. Oh, man, everything. Just a little prick. Here's a mobile or West Palm Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I got a very important question. Okay. Planin for the holidays and all that crap. Are you going to play the farting condenses this year? No. No, maybe. Okay. Here's a little advanced notice. We can plan for it. Okay. Appreciate it. You bet. Here's our preview. There you go. Five, six, seven. Where do we have that? Is matter of fact the accreditation contest is that in here? It might be. It could be. But it's not. Better than any mini disc edited. Yeah, it's not. A needle nuggets. Yeah. We'll find it somewhere. We'll look at Christmas day. Are we working on Christmas day? No. We're working on like, uh, what it gets real close to Christmas. Like when the log is empty. You know, Monday. Here's a lady in Fort Lauderdale. Our first lady of the day, I do believe, hello. Our first lady of the day, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Yes, um, I have a remedy for the post-direction blues. Yeah. Yeah, we're having a huge rally over at the house. You know, you have any idea how much restraint I'm going to have to use to start my usual assault on the women of this town. We've had two hours and 20 minutes. We've had a good time. Everybody's smiling. We're having a nice free lunch here from the Lenders that he subs. Uh, even in spite of the market second of crap. We still don't care. Everybody's got a few laughs today. And I said, here's the first lady at the first one. The only one. Did she ever request? No. No. Back with the same old tired crap. I hope that God inflicts a six billion locus that fly up your ass. That's right. And play you for the rest of your life. Lady. God Almighty. In fact, maybe they're having a big anti-Balluola. And we'll let's probably what it is. I can't stand that. God. Man, I'm going to upgrade my estimate 90% of this woman. Of this woman. 90% of the women in this town are just one dimensional obnoxious, hateful, pathetic crap. And she's one of them. Don't forget to pot luck supper with your two sweetheart at your rally. Here's a mobile in Miramar. Hey. Neil. How do you like that crap? Well, a woman aren't too bright. Oh, I agree with you there. Not in this town, they're not. Hey. I think this show's funny as hell, man. Don't ever change. But I also had a request for that commercial one. Hooked on ebonics. Okay. Thank you, sir. Do you got it? Did you know that there are 44 sounds in the white man's language? 44. And with hook on ebonics, you ain't got to use one of them all of them. For example. I'm down on his old dorny bonics. I'm representing an old bony g-fake. Just give me out of the white. I'm kill like a villain. I'm not out of split with only so so I'm shooting the gates. It's a 1807 on a man. Pro-trou. See? With hook on ebonics, you'll be conversing with the boys in the hood in no time. Just call 1-800-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF-SELF The resolution is you're going to turn off this program right now and never darken our door again. That's the resolution I want you to make. We don't need you, we don't want you. We've puked from you. In fact, you're who else we control when I crowd? Peter Leonard, there you go. Don't darken the door again. Even though George might want to see us someday, but I sure doubt it. Don't darken the door again. That'll wonder for life we wish you nothing but the best, but it's far away from us as possible. As we continue drawing that bigger, bigger line in the sand. Here's Bokke, hello. Neil? Yes sir. How you doing today? Okay. I didn't have a request. I don't know if you played it already. Could you play so fast? Okay. Hey, hi sir. You got it. You have a great day. And back to you. All right, you've had it. Listen to me. You just stand behind steam for sofaking. And it's stand where everything is held to the high sofaking standards. The selection is in just huge. It's sofaking huge. Believe me, you'll never shop anywhere else. And sofaking surprises aren't just low. There's sofaking low. You'll never find them anywhere else. Listen to me. When I say sofaking, as a beautiful store, I mean sofaking beautiful. When I say sofaking, I mean sofaking helpful. Listen to me. Get them know the sofaking and enjoy a selection that's sofaking huge. A staff that's sofaking courteous and quite huge that a sofaking low. You'll never shop anywhere else. But don't take it for me. Take it from satisfied. Just in my frank and stine. Sofaking good. You're sofaking good. You're like that bitch that called me for. Me. I'm worried what do they do that? Why don't you people stop? What does it take? It just like after the avion crab. I mean it was over. It was Veneto. It was so it was stale. Staler than last year is homeintoshin. And they were still trying. I'll be having another valley. Yeah, go away from it and you're flagged too honey. But they worked so speaking to last year's homeintoshin. What kind of food did they adjuze in the Hanukkah? I was asking Georgia before. And I was in my calendar. I'm just so far away from all those crabs. So I get confused. The potato lock is that it? Is this the holiday? It'd be a crime if it wasn't. I know. I do love those little potatoes. I'm shimbing no potatoes or fried food anyway with my apple dishes. What's wrong with apple sauce? Not for you. Why? Sugar. Sugar. You never heard our sugar free apple sauce? No. They have that? Of course. What do you mean to the hand that you, your little slow? You never heard a sugar free apple sauce? No. Of course I don't run around looking for sugar free stuff all the time. Why not? Because I'm not a lot out. There you go. Tell that to Alan. Well, he don't go run. He obviously hasn't been if he's been looking for it. He sure hasn't been finding it. And the apple sauce either. This is 5.60. You way out. That's your dad's juice. Okay, I... You're not a little brother. So I have to show you how to celebrate Hanukkah. This is called a dream. You spin it in a few more minutes. And you sing this song. I have a little potato. I made it out of gray. And we're in a fine ready with potato. I shall play. Oh, potato, potato, potato, potato. I made you out of gray. Potato, potato, potato, potato. With potato, I shall play. Now you try it. I just spin it with your fingers like this. It's a chain chain chain arrow piece. It's fun. Right? All the way. Three. He's in the way. You want to fly or turn? Hey, what the hell are you doing? Are you coming? What's my train? What's your train? Yeah. You can lead or train her. That's not a major train. But I'm not going to play with it because they don't f**king game. Hey, shut your mouth. That's up. You. They do it, Jane. You. That's right. They're made or potato. Can I make you out of gray? They do it. They do it. Do it. I shall play. That's right. What's going on? Oh, it's that honor thing. It's you, a magic. It's something on the ground. And it goes magic, man. I can watch it on the floor. Let me try it. I'll try to make it, man. It's a lot of fire again. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I need you out of play. Play with me. Play with me. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Play with me. Play with me. Play with me. Play with me. Play with me. Play with me. Play with me. Play with me. Zoom me, play with me. Play with me. I'll play with me. Play the play with me. Play with me. Play with me. Play with me. Play with me. Okay, let's write it in the room. I'll give you a warm wind with a twig name. Oh, hi, Dad. Hello everybody. Say, can I join him? Yeah. I have a little jater. I needed out of play. And when it's time ready, with jater like so everybody. I don't know where to go. I don't know where to go. I don't know where to go. I don't know where to go. I don't know where to go. I don't know where to go. I don't know where to go. I don't know where to go. Courtney, come on. I love you. You're so fun. On that show. Yeah. Courtney, come on. I'm hungry. We're singing about a dream. Oh, sorry. You talk about the greatest show. So fun. I don't know where to go. I don't know where to go. I don't know where to go. I don't know where to go. I don't know where to go. And so we're singing about it. I don't remember where to go. So we're singing about it. All right, I'm home. Allison, we'll be back tomorrow. So we'll be back tomorrow. We'll be back at home. We'll be back at home. So we'll be back at home. First thing to say, like Columbus day, that's okay, you like go with that and pour them all the way to the West of the East. So anybody call about the potato pancakes? I'm pretty sure that's Chinooka, I think. I don't know, of course to show you how far I've fallen away from my people. Why are they all depressing holidays except for like two of them? No, you only depressing holidays, you know, I'm kipper. What are they? You're pressing holidays. You're pressing holidays. You eat on all the rest of them except for young. I eat on all of them. Can't you tell? That's the only fasting day. No, they're not like really uplifting day holidays like length. Here's my me, Lake. Hello. Neil. And Easter, yes sir. You're going to use to enjoy your show. Of course. You do it more often. Okay. I want to request a get you have. I think it's either an Irish priest or somebody or somebody from Ireland, kind of teach somebody how to play the pipe. How to play the pipe? Yeah. I mean, like play the backpipes. Right. Okay. Thank you Neil. And have a great holiday. Bye bye. Hi, this is Carl. To me, it's a very express special friend stopping by. Show us all about something special. I'm at the door right now. Come on, let me cut my head. I already let it. Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you. Oh, I wonder where it looks like. Looks like a catapult. What a cute cat. That's me bag boy. What's your pay? Hey, what can I touch it? Sure, go ahead. Run your hands. I'm sorry. Hey, like you're a little bit. Hey. What's this right here? That is my ball pipe. What do you do with the ball pipe? You blow it, lad. You blow it. Keep blowing. Hey, you put your nose around it on your blow. Oh, can I do that? Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, lad? Okay, can I? Sure, go ahead. Okay. Come on, lad. You got to put your mouth around it. No, don't be afraid. It's not going to break. I like this, like this. Hey, that's a boy. Stick around the way down your throat. Okay, okay. Hey, I think you're doing it right. What's this over here? That's me, Chanda. What do we do with that? What do you do about lad, is you put your bow hands on it. On it, you cover the hole and your own hands up and down the shaft real quick. Oh, no, no, no. Hey, I don't have to. Hey, run your hands up and down there. No, I don't want to do lad. Is you want to blow on the pipe. You want us, please, the bag, nice and gentle. And then you want to run your hands up and down the shaft real quick. Okay. Hold together, roll at the same time. Okay, he'll be good. Good lad. Hey, that's good, that's good. Sure, that's good lad. He's more, no harder laden. Other, please, the bag, please, man. That's from your hand up and down the shaft. Stick faster. From your hand up and down there. Go, from your hand up and down there. You're doing it. Don't let me go. Come on, come on. Come on, come on. Come on. You're doing it again? After the catch, me, brush, maybe. Maybe, probably six or five, 60 WDQM. That's one of the choices on our, well, yeah, maybe one or two games. When you've been going to any morning games this season, there's a poll question on neo-wangers.com. Something ought to be thinking about long and hard. Never. Out of 272, never. Well, wait a three-fishing right now. Squared Squared, real refreshing. 273, like I said, never 170, 62.2%. Maybe one or two, 68, 25% of few games, like here and there. 22%, 8% many games, like a whole bunch, lots of times, because we can't get enough of those marlins. 13%, 4.7%. So let's get that money together and buy John Henry that state. Yeah. Let's build it. No. Here's sunrise. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Can we talk on our first second? Sure. I saw a piece in an employee's third strategy show. Mm-hmm. They did with our piece on Ted Nolan. Yeah. I remember Henry, like, the buffalo. Right. He got the buffalo right. Someone on you's gotten, like, black bulls. Black bulls are a lot of the three, and nobody gives him a chance. And a guy is dying to get back in the... He's not talking to happen. He's not gonna happen. He's got, it's kind of like the Terry Murray philosophy. Once he gets saw on you, you never have a chance and sing with a league. Once they get saw on you, once they get saw on you, once they get through it. Well, I think the management of hard time, and he turned up to be a hard ass. Plus, there's something else there that we just don't know about. I mean, even these, they're just like an hour long piece, and at the end, there were still confused us to wild skies in the league. Ted, no answers to these. I think it's that anti-Indian bias, something like that. I never understand. I mean, you seem to coach a lot of passion, you have to suffer a team that was pretty mediocre. I mean, similar to that. I mean, you don't think that's all we can do. You're just getting fired all around the league, they're certainly just gonna be in a shortage of people to pick from. I guess. I was looking for it every day now. Well, you think it's gonna take over for this guy, because he kept him much longer. I don't think you don't understand. Let me say it to you again. The team is resale. Wayne's got a couple of suckers on the hook. And until the deal goes through until the new ownership comes in, he's not gonna do anything. So if they lose every game, this guy isn't gonna get can. I know it's hard to believe, but that's what we have to put up with. That's what he expresses to keep behind tickets for, is that as long as Wayne makes the deal, that's good for him, then somebody will come in here and let them do it. Well, I mean, obviously tickets are going to grow up any while. But then he obviously doesn't care about that. I mean, he's already got a couple of assholes on the hook. Oh my god. Yeah. We're just basically a win-win for that. That's right. That's what he does every time. Once he decides he's gonna wash his hands of it, we can rot in hell until he gets his money. I mean, this is, it's unbelievable, who's watching more. I know. It's ridiculous. And Trevor is having a good year again. I feel so bad for him. I feel like there's a guy that's playing so great. And then Terry opens up his mouth a couple of weeks ago, because you let a couple of bad goals in, and games that they only scored won't go anyway. So they're going to win. I mean, this guy's standing on his head, and they don't give many support. No, and we'll hang out with law and now they're sent them down the Louvre, though. Yeah. So, I mean, what are you doing at this kid? I see there's time to get the holder when you're in class. They can get through the road from him. And don't forget, Yokeman, because he opened up his mouth if there was ever any chance that he was gonna become something else. He'll never ever see him play for this team again. That's unbelievable. Yeah. I think we were a lot to get this guy. 30 goals score. And... Mark Perry, you want to see him? I don't understand. I mean, I'm a Dalhard fan. Yeah. And I've been with the team since the inception. And I would go to the few fans in the arena back then, when back, I knew what a nice thing was. Yeah. And I mean, I've been through everything with this team, but I'm almost at the end of the road here. This is ridiculous. I know. I know. I know. I know. I hope you get through the three hours. Good luck, pal. All right, good luck. Okay, good luck to us, because Wayne doesn't give a crap. We despise him. And of course he doesn't care what all that money he's got. To take a bit of a flank crap about us. No. You bet your sweet ass he doesn't care about us. We're gonna play, play, play, play. The prick who stole Christmas and Hanukkah. This is 560, 2AF. The Neil Roger show. 430, 560. 2AF. Hey baby, I'm gonna use you as a sex toy. All right. That's where Madonna enters on my heat. Put friends on the wall from where she puts her seats. She's not bad, I G. Doesn't wipe too well. I have to question, how do I get you, freely, ma'am? Pick up, start she really needs a shower. Let's all her back here, a hot night towel. She don't come close to smelling like a virgin. Spring, ball, the skull. Sex with Madonna. Now, my hair has eyes. And an apple leaf like in it, where's the turkey? Stop. People have been proofing that A-B are can make the fortune right there. That bitch. 16 to 1, it's 560, WQAM. 560, 560. We got Hank Goldberg at 2. The day wants that show with Hank at 5. We got Bukchami at 6 and then, If you're ready, panthered preview. 6 o'clock or 7 o'clock. And the panthers at the Pagwin 730 from the igloo. And it decayed to the hockey game. Here's Miami, hello. Here. Yes, sure. Love you so, man. Of course. I got some news of our lost feelings for you. Give him a lost feelings? Yeah. Guess what? He beat up his girl again. Back in jail. Oh, never in girl. No. Ain't that a bitch? That's a bitch, that's what he said. Man, man. What a shock, huh? That's fucking bitch, yeah. It's a shame, man. Same old crap. Hey, lost feelings. Still ain't saying. You don't what they say. You can take the scumbag out of there. You're silly. But you can't take the scumbag out of the scumbag. I'll need a love you show. Okay. Thanks for the good news. I'll make it at Lawrence Phillips guy because, That'll clear. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Haven't heard from him in a clown's age. Oh, sorry, Lawrence. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. And for what? And how seesyl doing? Oh, he's still trying to try to get a look at it. Here's Delray B, chill. Hey, you know, this show has been a bit. I've had no long time. I am lasting my ass off. This is your birthday today? Yes, sir. Well, how do you like that? And for that. Leave it to a no a fart like me to figure out a way to get these people out of the depression. Only one dimensional people to drag them out of this thing. See, they want us to stay as the person crazy as they are. And I refuse to do it. Amen of that. I'm with you 100%. And I've got to get over question for the I-95 asshole song. Okay. I really did that, you know, what was the name of that group, George? August Campbell and this is the moment band. Very good. Awesome. All right. Thanks, all of this. I have a happy. Exactly. Okay. I've come up on to the I. I've had this problem every time I try to get the dim. No, seriously. How do you know how to do it? I dash 95 asshole. Oh, I dash. I dash. I dash. Oh, I dash. I dash. I dash. Oh. Why don't you say that in there? I don't have to do it. Oh, that's true. Oh, that's true. I have to drop her a couple of times. In there. Or something. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I was driving down on 95, the other night. Somebody nearly took her right off the road. I decided it wasn't going to do any good yet man. The road is talking about him and said, I know it's like this. Where's he going? Oh, I'm an asshole. Yeah. Or did he work at your own life? Either way, it worked out fine. But you're an asshole. I get it. Yeah. Yes, you're an ass. That's that thing, so Ellie. And don't you try to explain this on me. You need to evolve a credit. You're an asshole tonight. And we're an asshole. You have to read it. You're an asshole tonight. I've got to feel you being an asshole The rest of your life. Are you sure? I'm sure you need to feel that man. I've got to feel you being an asshole. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a nice day. I told her I thought you were an asshole. I think you're right. And all your friends are apple. You know that you're whole life. And somebody told me you've got an apple for life. Where he fall and apple. Or did you work in it your whole life. And he went work that by. And here and I. You call that a penis? Pulse 9. Oh right. I've got 409 and 560 WQAM. Don't forget to subscribe to 9PM. We'll be at the pizza loft. I want it only. We've got friends this year with our best in the OCDs. Cousettes. T-shirts. Those free buttons. Those in the yard is buttons. What's the name? Jeff. From new age design graphic. From new age design graphics made up for us. They've got me pictured like a little bootle with a. A. Sea guard my post. And a figure up in the year. The middle one. And a thing of fish food in one hand. Those are really nifty. And they're free too. We're not talking about fake key change. I want to make that clear because you know some asshole will show up. Okay. Don't get those key change. You say, you have the buttons were for free. Yeah, the buttons. Button button. Who's got the button? Not the key change. Button. Look at the button. Is the button like got the. No. Is it a key change? No. Does it have like a little thing that makes sounds in it? No. There you go. I got a button for you. Yeah. That's where to put it. So like I said, 6 to 9PM with the pizza loft on 2 to 9. And even our goal steam will be there. That's that's the whoever's coming to see in it. Algo seen. I'm going to get those keys. Here's for waterdale. Hello. Good afternoon. Yes sir. How are you? Great. Somebody stole my thunder. Like give you the fire report on Alb. But I call to say thank you anyway. You was on that show this morning. Yeah. Call the four requests. You mean Howard Sternner? Yeah. Okay. Well, he built it up to be a great show. But this is a great show today. Great. Great. I mean he says that every time it comes on the show, he just starts up the Howard. Because he wants to get the hits on his website. That's true. We got a request for you sir. The if you see case on. Okay. Thank you. And have a great whole day. Bye bye. Bye bye. Where is that? I had a check in day. When day she flew away to teach you on a weather moon. I'm always with you. Why did I write a link to censorship? Yeah, I worked in my subset. Who do you tell you how I feel for care? I love you. If you see today, you see what I'll see you in a while or two. About if you see today, tell her I'm a starry star. And the FCC won't miss me seeing this. So on, I wrote you today, how if you see today, Take your hands gently say, That after this transition, I'll be out in 90 days old. If you see today, you see what I'll see you with tea. Or why not go on a go, or gotta keep with tea. Or why not go? Talk to me to it. Talk to me to it. If you think you want to tell me about from Dickinson, I'd appreciate it. It's going to bring us a whole bunch of Dickinson's head or T-shirts. Maybe you see that in a couple of days. If you think you want to tell me about it, You see what I'm saying? You see that's good, but of course a lot of people are saying, Oh well, if you've got stuff like that, you'll be able to get into the good looking guy on guys. Yeah. That's true. And what's the point? Five seconds. I know good looking young girls have a show up. They don't? What? How could you say that? Ever? How many? I have a no-must. No, I notice. I notice. Five. That's already last the 10 years, maybe a total of B-I. But you, huh? What do you want? I know what you want. I know what I want. Maybe Jacob will show up to him. They'd speak in a what I want. Not in that little chase his ass away. Maybe the rest of him too. Here's a mobile and candle, hello. I'm not in candle, but Neil. Yes sir. The reason we eat blockies on a helicopter is because Lackies are made in the toilet. And the lamp, I don't only want one day's water, but it's a lot of oil. And it's around for eight days at boing, and it's still boing it now. Okay, thanks and say how to Jackie Mason. So we eat potato lockers on a helicopter. I bet you Monday we have some in here. You and we have some last year, somebody brought us by. Yes, quirky. Got them. Corkies are good post best friends in Pembroke. Of course that's probably not real good for me. Being diabetic, I shouldn't be in potatoes anyway. And certainly with my grid, my grid and grid and I BS, I shouldn't be in fried fruits, but maybe I'll make an reception. Just a couple. Doesn't. Yeah, that sounds real good. Some potato lockers. See those real real thin ones. Those are the good ones. Real real crisp and thin. Hmm. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, can you hear how you doing? George is eating for first and Palestinian food. Yes, sir. Hey, don't start. Okay. Hey, I'm from Niel's. What brother doesn't realize is if Wayne, Mr Wayne, sells the team, the new order's going to move it out. Now, can't do it. You can't have a contract? Yeah. I'll get a contract. I'll get a contract. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Hey. There was smart one. I did that. Yeah. Oh, hey. He eats gross in the back for 50 cent. You know that. Oh, you just. You telling me? I have a request, sir. Yes, sir. Even though this person will save us from five dollars a gallon of gas. Can you play? Saddleful things, MF? You got it. Thank you, sir. I don't want to say the mother. Fuck off. You're. Saddleful things, MF? I ran to crappy little country. That's my stupos station of space. Just get rid of that. You're in drinking jubby. And come up the whole goddamn place. Hey, Saddleful things, MF? Saddleful things, MF? Saddleful things, MF? Saddleful things, MF? Fuck off. Saddleful things, MF? Cut what? I had a one-same. Cut what? Saddleful things, MF? Saddleful things, MF? Saddleful things, MF? All right. Saddleful things, MF? Cut what? Confifty. Sir, sir, Q.A.M. We've got a fact here from animals. Please, please play butterfly kisses and every great holiday. Well, did I play that right off the bat this morning? Now, what do you give me an exesperated look? But that was a long time. I was like a fourth time that's happened today with somebody requesting something that you just got done playing. I didn't just get done playing. And I was just about to say I played it three hours ago. A whole three hours? Well, I'll think about it during the break. This is five, 60. QAF? Fort radio five, 60. WQA, M-I-M-E-4-L-U-L-A, a measly broadcast. WQA, M-I-M-D-O-N, or the word. Who's the bomb to two hours? Hi, V-I-E. I think you got to die. You suck these? My short fat. It's a hit. It's two things on the wall. Daddy, you're a loser. You said you're from heaven. And you said you're a little girl. I went back home in my tent. I thought mommy'd keep some milk. I think mommy'd keep some milk. What if I keep some milk? You bet I'm free. You little life's long, long, long, long, long. I've been down there all these years. What would all that I've done wrong? I'd like to get a job. Daddy, you smell like beer. Sweet, sweet, sweet. I'm dropping out of ice water. She's looking like a mama. A little more every day. Daddy, I'm pregnant. One more one. The other partner. I don't know who the father of. Ask the turn trick. I drove the car into a tree. Can you just send me some cigarettes? Hang out on a dose for the brightening world. Dad, I'm getting married again. Dad, that's my ass. I think I have a little ass. I'm not you. I've got a letter to her. But I'll always. Hey, pop. We're moving in. Dad, I have to move. I have to move. I have to move. I have to move. I have to move. I don't say. It was checking. Here's my email. I'm doing the best. I'm doing the best. I'm doing the best. Hello. You have reached Dickie's workers' choice catalog and information line. Please stay on the line. I'm going to get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit. I'm going to get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of bit of water for what? Nicky Oliver the结chef what about the 50 molads I mean, I can read like every other word and this is Pete Declanic export. I'm so I don't need all his work He says his best new investment is gonna be not renewing his panther ticket Good idea Pete. Oh, but you know the scant they're gonna come up with like you know in a month or so They'll say oh my god new ownership in here and they're gonna do this. They're gonna do that And they're gonna use that plus we got the big all-star game coming in three years That's gonna be the big incentive to big you push to try to suck people into what to run their money over again Don't think it's gonna work too good Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, doing it. Okay He needs to pick up the new playboy with Gabrielle Re from the cover. Yeah, and they have very interesting interview with Gary Johnson in there Yes, I may call them about that the other day. Oh, I was just read it today and it's very interesting Somebody to think for for 2004 if you were decide Okay, my request there was head of shoulders. Okay. You got them in. Thanks, New soon Yeah, that's the pot guy in fact. I hear that they got like the insert and playboy this month So they playboy bunny. It's just the rolling papers That's what I'm hearing Hi, Felicia. Gee. I love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders? Yes, I thought using head and shoulders a long time ago I mean honestly who grow down there's shoulders anyway? Yeah, right so what are you using now? Well, it's like head and shoulders only without all those additive. It's just wrong. Chad. Let's sell them about it See I get bad lots of places, jiff you can put up by my place later And I'll be happy to give you this head in 15 minutes. I'll have you shampooed Dile and long dry See you don't miss a lift. Do you? Pencil Is it expensive? No, it all check. I'd rather says there are places down town where you can get head for less than $10 Jolly that's price every once you're beginning hand That's right, Jack. When you say had you set a mouthful. I am Dr. Raymond the lot For the morning You should get him first of lubricate each limp hair column leading an erect listening shaft Then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root leaving your hair soft shiny and exhausted nothing does the job like head Great can I get head from my hairdresser group? Probably but you might want to try your girl friend first And your feel per him yeah, and you get head you're a notty What hair with lots of volume nothing get it up like head of able to price She won't find hard to swallow and it's going down every day Honey Who haven't said food can you go out and get some heads? What did you say? I said I want to go out and get a head Thank you sweet Jesus And that makes a great holiday gift last Christmas my wife gave me some head then I gave her a grown that was I've never seen her so choked up My girlfriend used to get me head and then we got married now I'm lucky if I get dirt and lotion and a national dress I'm the head of the world I'm the head of the world If you buy a head of your head Oh yeah, yeah, I'm glad to see that I'm feeling so gentle Let's be better with what I've had I'm the feel better than you just don't head The feel better than you just don't head The feel better than you just head Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah Oh Head shampoo come on give it a shot I air looks Use them now Eight minutes after one of five sixty wqa and hey if your hair is fallout and chunks head shampoo might a little head might help But then we'll put the hair back on your head This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station Wow Hey, how you doing honey I You don't want the president of the United States This is my state of the women address I know a few girls who thought they were pretty hot But they didn't care to tell you about girls you're not That you two were make a fan with the white pants The white pants that made that were under my try So Paul Jones you got a new nose that don't impress me My Well, you got a new guy You got the touch Well, I'll break your heart But that won't give me one Oh That doesn't press me I like you and I'm She had a tape recorder that she kept on her phone and after she ached She was very the mom she got herself a white ball and a tummy talk But she's still as ugly as a hockey puck So when the trip got some surgery that don't impress me You got the courage But you got the touch Yeah, I'll play the gear But they won't give me one bit of a middle of a night The northern press name Oh, you've got everybody I've got this mixture A big chunky girl with a purple right That damn gap dressed nearly for the lines We'll take with meetings a month's current door I could have called Wilchemaland how to score What So Monica you lost 40 pounds That no one touched me Well, you got the ring Well, you got the touch And now I've got the roll Well, I'll break your heart But now I'll give me one bit of a middle of a night All the press name I've got the right On her car No offense, but I think I'd rather sleep with Kevin Stars When she gives birth That's like her offspring should hatch Big ol' legs And then as to my I'll get you a chance I'll get you a chance So Hillary you're going to be a senator from the arc Not no impress Well, you got the ring But I've got the touch And now I've got the touch But now I've got the ring No, I'm not My love of gross name Like you, that is my time in the women of dress I love you Good morning Americans It's Paul Harvey, stand by for news 83 year old Judge Gabor And her 59 year old husband Prince Friedrich von Onth Hall Are suing the Pfizer pharmaceutical company $47 million Dollars Gabor and her hubby claim that the drug by Agra Made her 59 year old husband Impotent This reporter suggests that in fact it may not have been the fault of the drug by Agra But instead the fact that Prince Friedrich has the stare at an 83 year old Koochi Paul Harvey Good day Good day 116 at 56 year WQA 560 50560 Look at that, every lot in the board is smoking They all work today So who's became in today in line 5 star working again We should have known that everything would be okay except the market Here's the mobile and blatant beach Hello You stopped parking the war But a lot of people are working again It's a beautiful thing Happy Canada And back to you I don't think so much I don't know about all of you So you too many like it Exactly I would love to hear The Schwarzig who is a whole thing We started with Oh god, now I can't think of it Hey man And the look of the whole thing is that it's just the old man park Yeah Don't just say the Schwarzig Tell us which parts you're talking about It's a... ...a photo Oh yeah It's a little bit like that Everything bad Because you know the same thing About photo You know it's a little bit similar I get a full load of me Not to any metal little crazy It's a round of the rules I didn't do that with a knife I wouldn't have that as a joke I mean, I don't know what that means I don't know what that means It's a little bit more old You know what that kind of thing It's kind of a bull You know, bums and stuff It's a bit older, bums and stuff I didn't do that at all So what I want to do is make that a little bit of a damn thing I don't know what that means Oh, there's a little bit of a talk I don't know what that means I don't know what that means I don't know what that means I didn't do that in the middle I don't know what that means I don't know what that means I don't know what that means I don't know what that means I don't know what that means I don't know what that means I don't know what that means You don't say anything I don't know what that means I don't know what that means I don't know what that means I don't know what that means I don't know what that means I don't know what that means I don't know what that means I don't know what that means I don't know what that means I don't know what that means I don't know what that means I don't know what that means I don't know what that means I don't know what that means I'm not blind What are you really trying to say, O.J. O.J O.J. Speaking of that, that's your own prisoner dies Now, DNA testicles I'm sure some of you who with the newspaper saw this horrendous story Here's a guy that spent a dark and tucked in guy of course, 14 years on death row, and guess what did he do it? No, no. But too late now, because he died from cancer in jail 11 months ago. DNA evidence has exonerated death row and made frankly Smith of rape and murder of an eight-year-old Brewer County girl, and now they know who did it, all of that guy is in some psychiatric facility. He's incompetent to stand trial. Frankly Smith's attorney, Jeffrey Smith, no relation, says the state prosecutors had resisted frankly Smith while he was alive and pursuing his appeals. Once he was dead, they were landed and became more cooperative about letting us get the test done. So now that he's dead, they said, oh, guess what, may I mistake? And he's dead anyway. Nice going, set of Florida. All right. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? Great. Happy holidays to you. And the same. Thank you. Can you repeat the question if I may? The black psychic. And if you could put anything with hurry carry after that, I'd be a happy man for the next 22 years. Okay. Okay. See. What is that called, sir? It's second Negro now, Negro. What is that? Something like that. That's not it. Hello. And welcome to. That's not it. What is that called? Oh, that's is it. Here you go. This is the real. I played Florida on the hit show Good Time. And since now, the visuals ran out over 20 years ago, I've been helping other brothers and sisters find their way with the psychic Negro network. We welcome your calls. Because nobody has a better understanding of black oppression, that's why a building is a need of credit card. Mm-hmm. It just like renting your TV will gladly build it right here, phone. Negro's psychic is standing by right now at 100-gene omelette to take your call for the low price of only 799 alunit. Why they can tell you if that banner yoses needed. Oh, if they all let it last. And if the reds are going to be stringy or tender. So let the psychic Negro network guide you down the primrose path of bogus prophecy. Don't you call my friends. Hey, deal. Fuck you. There you go, man. It's a perfect afforded. See, this has done a special good today because you know what song nobody has requested so far to the internet, better not see it out loud. Speaking of Bob and Tom. Okay, I won't say it. And I also won't play it. Here's a mobile and high ali at hello. Hello, me. Yes? What are we going to do in the next couple of years now? Listen, I had a lot of business values for all requests, but if you would play or you can need Negro, I won't. I already played it. Are you kidding? I'm not kidding. Oh, I just kind of in the car. If you do get the chance, I'm not going to play it twice in one day. I want you to call for six months every day. Okay. I love you. Okay. Not going to do it. 560, 560, 560 on the AT. I'm not going to do it. Are you sure positive? Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, man. I have two things to say. First of all, guiding light blows lately. Well, then I have a misunderstanding. Good. And if you could play the Jamaican lady. Yeah. Saying what? Doing what? Oh, the Jamaican Terro card. No, she tells you about the soccer. And then you say soccer sucks. Okay. All right, thanks. Bye. Do you have any idea what she's talking about? It was a call. Well, you don't have that. It was on a best of, I think that's probably what she heard it more than once. Oh. Okay, what's the answer? No. Sorry. I'm not going to be a good team. I almost want 30 already. I mean, you think I'm going to turn around and look into back there and see it all that energy at this point? No. Not at all, it felt like me. Sorry, man, but they have a nice life. And you're right, guiding light. I haven't watched that thing in the Koenzege. Since we had all this stuff going on about the, no. Although now, thank goodness I'm finding alternatives like even the food channel. I'm sitting here just drooling in the, oh, man. Swedish meatballs. And beef stroking off. And then Mario, a multimario, he made that, he made a whole bunch of rigotony. And he put it like an gigantic calzone, baked for the<|el|> in a calzone. Oh, God. We're lots of stringy cheese in there. Here's four miles, hello. Neil, how you doing? Great. Neil, I'm calling you from four miles. I am a 24 year old half-full-year-old. And I'm probably the youngest personal life in this entire city. How you like that? Well, don't stay there too long, man. Yeah, I have to thank you. I've been living in about five years now. I've started living in a well, 90 years old, a Florida State. So back on the old lobby, when we heard about every eight to word. And I have to thank you for the education I've received for the past five years. And I'm definitely a better man because of it. And the price was right. The price was right. Nice and free. I love it. It's free. It's like River says. Right. Neil, on your pole, on the lawn, I think you have to factor in this specific factor. Because I'm going to go to a few games. I think you're like, you're so sorry for the man. Yeah. There's no, you know, how many people are going to go? I go just because I feel sorry for the guy. I'm going to make them go. Why don't I show how to few bucks? Do you really want to know how many people are going to go? How many? Beyond. Next up, on it, opening day, nine people. Yeah. I'll just have a whole section of myself. That's right. Neil, I'll show you what you're going to do. Yes, sir. Are Rick Wiley stole my briefcase? You got it. Thank you, sir. And have a great life. Rick Wiley stole my briefcase. Rick Wiley stole my briefcase. So during the look at them this morning and my light of March. In his face. That's what I need to. What's just in the right? Oh, I think it's why he bought a bite at the night. Rick Wiley stole my briefcase. What did he do to the human race? Oh, Rick, you're a smuck. I go, Rick sucks. That we will meet should also include Rick Wiley's butt bump. Oh, oh, Rick Wiley stole my briefcase. I like a part in his face. You know Rick Wiley, you're an asshole. What's 25? See now you were a scender Rick and Spuddysham. What if you would have been listening to the Howard you could have heard our good friend Alan there. So you probably made it right choice. Even though you said that it was, well, what did you say? You said we still like suds. I love suds, yeah. And so do I. Great guy. Good friend. And then, but then you also said that the show was. I'm not dissuept. Yeah. I don't know what I heard. I was like, do me. Well, don't take it personal. So I'd be love you. I see it goes back to your hatred to the requirement. That's what I love Rick now. Ha ha ha ha. Yeah, those old days they're starting to look a lot better now. Aren't they? Yeah. Oh, this place. Don't confuse this place with a radio station because it ain't. It ain't. Well, continue taking the money though, thank you. But it just, uh, oh brother, poor. These people can not too many, obviously, for no it what that stock says. 26 after one is 560 W to QM. The real Roger show, you've sports radio, 560. You a half. Start looking. Thank you for attending today's conference on how to deal with the Y2K problem. I would like to announce the development of a new software system, which will be year 2000 compliant. This program is known as millennia year application software system, or my ass. Next Monday there will be a meeting in which I will show my ass everyone. We will hold demonstrations throughout the month so that all employees will have an opportunity to get a good look at my ass. We have not addressed networking aspects yet, so currently only one person at a time can use my ass. This restriction will be removed after my ass expands. Last week my secretary said to me, I'm a little nervous. I never quit anything in my ass before. I helped her through the first time and afterwards she admitted that it was relatively painless and she was actually looking forward to doing it again and was even ready to kiss my ass. As you begin using the program, feel free to put anything you want in my ass. As my ass grows larger, re-invision a time when it will become a lot of work. I'm going to be a time when it will become a place for supervisor to hand work to an employee and say, here. Stick this in my ass. It will be a great day when we need data quickly and our employees can respond, here it is. I just pulled it out of my ass. Correct, I'm excellent. Hey, that's a good deal. I'm Monday. We killed four hours, painless, what do they? Monday, are you again about which year is the beginning of the next century? Huh? The new millennium baby is that I don't understand nail, you're wrong. Uh huh. See, let me put it to you this way. You have 20 apples, okay? Yes, so you have 20 apples. Oh, this is just a little foreplay for Monday. You have 20 apples. You take 10 and you shove them off to the side. The first apple of the second 10 is number 11. Ah, yeah. Because there was no zero apple. See? That's pretty good. Yeah, there was no apple notice. You think an apple core or even cut the middle out of one piece. So all those people like you that why two K crap last time, if they were a rotten to the core is what they were. Even when they had the big celebration in the ball filled in the big apple, they were wrong. Guess what? Wrong. But uh, so are all we can do it again. And the people with a brain larger than they're thumbnail, they can celebrate the beginning of the next century and the next millennium, etc. and so on. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Sounds awfully gone. I mean, there's maybe a little buzz in the background. Okay. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Did you happen to catch the front page of the Daily News with Al Gore dancing? 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Fort Lodderdale, hello. Me, look at that. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Well, you know, the Daily News is going to be bringing our lives. We're taking about the dinner next Tuesday night to a pizza loft. And so beer, some chill, drinking in the background. They're both eating like poison. Really? Or freaking addicted to all day long. Uh-huh. So, uh, so it'll, it should be a lot of fun. Well, I make sure Jeff prepares something special for both of them. So there you go. Uh-huh. I wanted to see if I could get a request, uh, you had an old blue bowjack bit where they were talking about, uh, uh, song titles, country titles or something like that. Yeah. Yeah. And, uh, John Parker's a piece of cake. Okay. I think he goes like this. Here's a line from the song. It took a hell of a man to take my hand, but it should not take you long. I like that. Yeah. She ain't much to see, but she looks good through the bottom of a glass. Oh, yeah. I heard that one. That's a good one. I wouldn't take you to a dogfight, even if I thought you could win. Don't cry down my back, baby, and might rust my spurs. Uh-huh. If fingerprints showed up on skin, I wonder who's I'd find on you. Uh-huh. You know the good one. If you get the feeling that I don't love you, feel again. Uh-huh. Here's one. Obviously, some guys think of this song, and he's in some cheap, fluzy, he's bedroom at the time. I'm ashamed to be here, but not ashamed enough to leave. I just take the money. Thank you. I've been flushed from the bathroom of your heart. Oh, I want to hear it. Okay, you really wonder about guys who write lyrics like this, you know, how much drink and they've been doing. It's the bottle against the Bible and the battle for Daddy's soul. Here's what I really like. It's Commode Huggin' Time in the Valley. If you want to keep the beer real cold, but it next to my ex-wives heart. My wife ran off with my best friend, and I miss him. Not having been said. See, he's something that I'll take the money, thank you. Our sentiment is exactly. Okay, where we going? Here's my melex, hello. Yes, sir. Oh, hi, hi, Neil. Hello. I'm here. How you doing? Pretty good. I just wanted to thank you. I was Lori Lugek. He was one of the best. Oh, I never heard that. Before it became seen, oh, yeah. I see. Listen, I just want to thank you for the entertainment over the years. Yes, sir, in the price like I told you the other guy was right. Yeah, twice twice. Listen, can you play some foreign? It's an old one. I've heard it once only. Shats beer. Do you remember that? Oh, yeah. I'll find it. It's a Bob and Tom. Oh, appreciate that. Okay, you got it. You take care. Bob, Bob, I have a good weekend. Good night, everybody. Such a good mood today, because I got him in a good mood. Nice going. Thank you. You're welcome. Yeah, that's right. We could have said here. Could you imagine how terminal I would have been? We'd be suicidal right now. Listen, all those old fart. And we're having another rally. Yeah, rally for democracy. Yeah. Oh, brother. I'm going to tell you. I've said it for 25 years. There was no damn thing wrong with this town that a people transplant wouldn't change. This could be paradise. Just get the buses rolling in and I'll load them up with all the people that have to leave immediately if not sooner. This could be sensational. Sour, nasty, bitter, hateful, miserable, rotten, one-dimensional, obsessive. Yeah, that's it. That's our motto. No matter who you are, we hate you and have a nice day. At least work in system. We may not be good here in Florida, but at least work in system. We're consistently after. 23 till 2560 WQM. It's Friday, you best, blue. Hey, beer drinkers. Do you find that your beer not only fills you up, it binds you up. You need a beer that will help you lose it up. Introducing the beer that not only tastes great, it packs a mega high fiber wallet. It's the first beer that's also a laxative. We call it chefs. That's a JT of Hofstra Fiel. Chef. Oh, the cat is better at the man who's drinking shouts. The man who needs some fiber is for a little man and bear. I'm Phil Frome from the chefs. For yourself, a chef. And see why it's making a splash all over the country. Shats, the laxative beer. Shats is brewed with the highest quality hops in, Barley. Then we add our secret ingredient. Whole kernel corn. Not too much. Just a pinch. Every chef here is gratified. It's all essential vitamins. So you're always guaranteed a good healthy chefs. Shats is available in the six-ounce little squirt or the 64-ounce paid logger. And every chef is paper to one end. So your can won't slam a shut. We hear a chef's in our satin by the recent passing of Adel Shatt. Founder of the Shatt family brewery. Better known as the old brick shat. In fact, it all fluffed his beer so much. His last wish was to be interned in a giant fan of shat. So come on when it's time to take a load off. Crack open the shat. You will say a rain comes really this all this way. Oh, no! No more than I do, Barley. For you, man. Give us shots of pop. And soon we'll hear a pop. Shat is dangerous. Brother, brother, pick. Ooh, ooh, yeah. Don't just take any beer. Take a shat. And for you, tea cobalars. Try our new high fiber non-opaholic beer. We call it Ostool. Ostool. A sample one today. And don't forget, Shat's like Shat's dark. And for those with divertic lightest. Proctitis and polyphosis. Doctors direct them to try new shats. Shat's beer. A division of original industry. Splashing new. Yeah, but a lot of authors about the IBS. Yeah, that's a lot of people. Yeah, that's a lot of people. 140, 140, 3, 5, 60, WQA. How come they're so good? And somebody else is making all of them on it. I just don't get it. But anyway, how come work well? I'm just making all that money. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Thank you so much for doing this today. Of course. And you're welcome. What a relief. I thought I was going to go nuts. And let's go smoke some pot. See, yeah, we haven't played that today. Perfect for Friday. Yeah, that's excellent for today. There you go. Okay, you got it. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, how it blows, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, so, Oh I want to kick you up. I We complain time for fights Bur perde Brown Because that's very much Yeah Okay I'm here. Are you? I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. I'm here. Okay, 146 and 560. WDQAM. See, I think that is your Black and Extra 2 million dollar bonus for this show today. Come on, Greg. I'm bonus you, Chief Pric. And where's our money for plant pyramid? Here's Jupiter, hello. Hello, Dr. Neil. Yes, speaking. Dr. Neil, I think this show cured my gird. Good. Hey, listen, can I make a request? It'll clean you right out. For what? From a fellow Jew, Jess, or as James Baker would call us, Mutsigayuddin. Right, what can we do for you? Yeah, I have a dilemma. I got two of them. Okay, I'm going to have to hear a big Black guy named Ben. Yeah, I'm with the other one. And Father turret would be really nice if possible. Father, too. Our God, you are God himself. Okay. See ya. What do you think, George? The big Black guy that we just played yesterday or this fall on CBS. Meet a small town free to speak the word of God and add a few choice words of his own. It's Father turret's mystery. Yeah, I believe it. We're a governor here today to join together. This is from the second minute of the second month of the year. In Holy matrimone. Father turret mystery, a new kind of family drama from the producers of Chicago Hopeless and NYPD Blue Ball. Hey, boy, I'm here to let all of you in the home back. Mounder, you have been fostered here. Sunday, this fall. Ben and hour with Father turret, White after an all-muse season of, touchdown there by an angel. Only on CBS. What after touchdown there by a priest? It's the 12 minutes before 2 at 5. 60 Q.M. our poll on where you, what do you be going? No, you think about it. Where do you go to any Marlon's games this coming season? Never two-worldings start planning this day home. 358 votes already, 228 that 64% almost say never no chance. I still have Easter baby. And I was going to go to where you screwed over Jo Angel 2. No chance. Maybe one or two games, 84, 85 people, 23 and that percent. A few games, 28, 7.8 percent, many like a whole bunch, 17 people just under 5 percent. What do you think of that, Mr. I must be crazy. I must be not. Yeah. Hop on the bus, the one that's headed straight out of town to the world of the world of plenty in any other direction, but this one, and don't come back soon. And above that, stadium the answer is still. No. This is 560 QAL. A Neil Roger show. It's a sports radio, 560 QAL. Hey, just feel like a prick. My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... I kid. The all-like cut little sinkers. That's a little sound that comes right out of you. Think about the puppy. Wanna copy me and do exactly like I do? Get paid to write a little song about who who who who who who who who who who who who who. My brain's all gone. I'm trying to get my groove on. But I can't figure out which spice girl I'm going to fart on. And Dr. Dreas. Yo, Major, Pastor. Hey, I don't know. What do I say last? Then you look wet. Well, since age 12, it seems like I always smell that thought gripping gas and juice was pretty swell. I got this song when I took my key dog and farted so hard and turned my underwasque backwards. Like Chris Frost. And every night I'm like, oh, dinner dad. It's fun at my ass. That's a little fat day to day, you fat. Well, this honey. Yo, just wait a minute. I'm so girl-kun. I don't give a fuck. God said me to think the world up. My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... To want to meet kids out back in Jiu-Ji-Hai. I said the problem was some. I crawled up my ass and died. I shot them in the face with my vapor. The worst happened later. When I covered his test with huge toilet paper. I walked in his drift club. My chances were filled up. Moons of Bob Tennis took a dump of the ticker. We're no way to advance a head off fucking agar. She lifted a leg up and I knew she was a father. Not a night sent to my lap, but with lie too. I just found out my mom got out of the car. Mom got out and said I had to. I told her I'd throw up to be a famous rapper. They don't reckon about strange noise. They don't look trapper. You know you would dare when the women rush to leave. Trapper holds it back, but she must need to relieve the sky. Why she got a little sad? It was pretty cool. But I had to go. Go drop the kids off and move. My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... My aim is... The mountain... The mountain... We are both used to be cognizants. A voice should be cognizant. A voice should be cognizant. You know that's right. I'm going to eat it all. I'm going to push it. I'm going to push it. I'm going to push it. I'm going to push it. I'm going to push it. I'm going to push it. You're not dying all of a new year. 153 is 50. What is it? 560 WQM56 QM56. Here's a mobile one of Yale. Hello. Mobile on Yale with a radio cranked way of progenital blame because they've been on a long time. Hello. Mobile on the Yale. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, but I have the holidays and the same to you. I was wondering if you could play a great tribute song and I haven't heard it for a long time. You go, God. Okay. You know what I'm talking about? I sure do. I have to really great when you have yourself a good holiday. And back to you. What do you want to hear about your IOD? Oh, oh, Neil. God. Oh, God. Oh, God. God power that I'll present it to you. Amen. I'm the most powerful God day. Amen in the world. Yes, I am. Oh, Jim. God. Oh, God. That power that I'll present it to you, man. I'm the most powerful God day man in the world. I'm so really convinced. Look as a maid, I can see. Oh, God. Hey, people. Thanks for the number. We just let the taste of smell of the earth. We're about 86% of newborn boys in this country are sick of society. Procedure is likely to perform about any sort of anesthesia. Oh, God. I have no preview. I'm 10, O. Oh, Jim. Jim. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Jim. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. Oh, God. I will ask you tonight's block. I'll throw any other companies that perpetuate this kind of behavior. You checked out. We have enough. You have your first. We have enough. We have enough. Here again. It's an orange-owned provocateur. I don't have a boat, but I'm going to take a while. Hey. I think I'm much of a hero. And I know that before you get a lover in your locker. Father of tools. God. There you go. Oh, God. It's a very complexion. You. There. There's a liquor. How's that hand job? There's a lungs in it. Oh, God. You have no fears. You don't do much of it as well when I tell you. Say that one bat is great radio. I am that hemorrhage. Only have a longer cord than a species of crap. Look at this. Look how sharp this damn thing is. I'm going to take this cord and I'm going to eat. I'm going to wake up his hands. Okay. Oh, Neil. I'm going to spray some of our freak in the house. You really do. I want to be left a freak alone. Okay. I'm going to burn your hands and watch the chicken. You have a boat. Nothing, man. The luck. What's that going to do? Oh, God. Here. Good. Neil. God. God. He's at their feet. Oh, there's a witness. That's a gift. I'm going to say, God. He's dead. Oh. Here. Good. Neil. That's how we're going to help President. Say, man, I'm going to go a powerful God damn man in a world. I'm so really correct. This one. And then all you people know how a stone is here. You know, we is high. Oh, you also know what we're talking about. The people we like in the building. We forgot to beast you today. How could we? Oh, my God. You asked the brownies. Did you think that pops up? Yes. And the Indian Idol is curious. So I asked my mouth. Can't have a look. So people are still on the bus. Come up, friends. To love the pot. And today, you're going to have to just can't stop one day. We're leaving. So, up for the top. So, we're going to make that hook up. Say, I plant my seeds. Seeds. Seeds. For my weed. We, the ship, we're free. Free. Get a roll again. Say, I plant my seeds. Seeds. For my weed. We. For my bones. That needs. That's fun. Baby. That's on the wrong. On the wrong. I love when I smoke the barn. Just like you can show. Yeah, yeah. That's on the wrong. On the wrong. Looking at hot. So glorious. That the Asian Idol was curious. So I asked my mouth. So some can of us. He just woke before school. Now on the bus. Come up, friends. They're love the pot. And today, you're going out. And start one day. We eat and soak up. We'll get a big.