But, the rough day for all you parents and young girls today, it's going to be a difficult weekend. I hope you keep in my occupied, gotten by and some two cumbersies, nothing. Because they're really in mourning today. Two of the back street boys announced they're getting married. Oh, heaven and the Brian. Which only, of course, leaves AJ who's already, we know he's straight, because he's got a girlfriend. It leaves the how he and Nick, I don't think they have to worry about how he or Nick do. No. Why is the number 13 key going through my mind today? You know, that number is just, it's like to give away cup and it was just, even though it's the 18th of February. The number 13, I just, everywhere I look, I see it on a wall, I see it on a mirror, I look in there and Georgia's on his forehead. 13. Maybe it's because Danny boy was on this morning with a worst team, you think that might be it? No. And did he say anything? No. I heard that. I heard that Danny was on it. And Danny sounded good. Like you said, they must have given him a good microphone. And the other guys were, what was that? What kind of a show was that? And did anybody hear a notice that? The worst line I've ever heard in my life. It's not like you guys were coming to a strainer. I don't know. I hate to tell you now, but it's too late to do anything about it. Yeah, the back street boys, two of them are not getting married in the girls out there just swooning. Why is it that these young girls? They really think that they got a chance in the first place, with most of these boy entertainers? Here's our first call of the day on our Friday from Gainesville. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What's up? How you doing, sir? Great. Good morning to you. How come that number 13 keeps going through my mind? I don't know. See the Dan Marine Corps, maybe it's a stock price I saw this morning, but anyway. Yeah, it might be, it might be the down the way things are going. Yeah, maybe the unlucky number 13. And it does already offer a bad start today. We don't care it's only money. That's what Alan Greenspan said. Yes, did he worry about it's only your money? Yeah, that's right. More than that's past it he is. You can't hold any stock or anything, so what does he care? That's right. He's got all his money in there. Oh, no, God is. Don't worry about him. He's got his. Oh, yeah, he's definitely got his. And if he keeps up the crap he's doing now, I think he's going to get his if he doesn't cut the crap out. Oh, yeah. But at any rate, what are you worried about? You don't have any money. I'm sure I don't have a poor college kid. Don't have a pot to pee in. That's right. Well, as long as you got, you know, pot to smoke, who cares about a pot to pee in, right? That's right. They probably got the good crap up there against the long day of the good shipment up there. We try. Yeah. It's tough though, because you know, where do they bring it in from? Uh, will they try to bring it in from like the golf? Yeah. When I need a golf. Yeah. That is a problem, yeah. Yeah. We don't have like a we don't have a port. Well, we're going to start sending both, both loads of weed up there over this weekend, because we know that you guys are desperate. What's wrong with that? And the boat loads of weed. Don't say he boat loads of anybody else. Okay. Well, man, but maybe we'll bring some of those guys up there to bring it to you. Thanks. And we've been collecting the car of the end types. We'll have to go have to take a look first. I'm sure that they'd last a long time and games. If you only have a red exit, I've never filled with them. So how things going up there, huh? It's a very quick day out. Yeah. 80 degrees. Right. No problem. And you're listening on the internet. I am great. As I do every day, I'm a freshman at Purdue University. I got hooked on to you. All right. Oh, yeah. I got hooked on to you. When you first came to Q.A.M. with my dad and the car and stuff, and I just kept on listening. And then you found out what a real radio show was all about when this show came on this day. It was a lot different. I used to listen to a forrelate at night. Oh, bye. Wow. And he was like the Mr. Rockin' Roll DJ. Rockin' Roll at Sports Guy, yeah. Right. And then he doesn't have you ever heard a show called Battle Dome? No. It's like, remember American Gladiators? Mm-hmm. American Gladiators and professional wrestling combined. Yeah. And for real, both commentary floor. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't want to make any of all like Kamacha. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. And then what's on the trip, man? What time I was listening to one of the, one of the hockey games that I heard is Wilson's the, what do you see doing hockey? The worst that the most I'm embarrassing ever heard. But in Atlanta, they don't know the difference. Yeah. He's almost as bad as Barry Melrose trying to, trying to say, I wonderful to do that. And Barry's got better here. I assume you're at the Ranger game, but... Yes, I was. Sure was. It was pretty good to me. We were like, we were watching a game in the dorm and Barry Melrose just, but not get off the fact how great Peter Ruewell is out there. Oh, big athlete got him on the line with a buray and such a great player and he is going to go out of Pat's on the back at the, at the pedal league. The higher a big black guy named somebody named anything. He'll give a Barry Melrose a haircut. Real close. Real tight. If you ever watch somebody else be, you always try to impress you. He says that they're mumbling pennies. Well, I'm impressed by the fact that nobody will hire him. He's been out of work for about three years now for four years and nobody will hire him. So that tells you everything you can do. Well, it's an ever great weekend, pal. You can now. And the boat loads are coming. I love you. All right. Okay, there's young man from Gainesville. Let's hear it. Oh, you have a, I think that's from FU. That's a good start for the day. Let's go home. What do you say? Oh, we've got to get some food in here a little later on. And by the way, Tom Jick, thanks again. I'll take you out there. I always like having my picture next to Howard. I'll rather have his back account in mind, but nevertheless, I look lovely compared to Howard on a picture. It's on page for E in the Sunset and the last morning. Listen to your old doughtips, dead dial. One little factual error when you had no way to know this because when the Tom got the numbers from bluff, we didn't have the breakdown. But from three to seven, Hank was number two and men 25, 54 from two to six. The Humper is number one. But the six point five, how do you like that? That was fun. Yeah. Number one. I just thought I would clarify that. So we're number one and men 25, 54 by a wide shot. We've got a seven point eight in midday. Thanks got a six point five. He's number one we have to know. And where's the weak length, you think? How come we didn't make that second-dairy bonus for being in the top three? 25, 54 men. Do you think it could be the morning show? Uh-huh. You think the morning show is like slack enough being number six? Midday's number one. I mean, okay, they're not going to beat Howard. Okay, that, I'll give them. They got, you know, they got Howard to contend with. They're not going to beat him. But number two or three, what a gotten us over the hump. What a gotten us a extra bonus money. Number three, what a nice. There's something wrong there. And I mean, Hank's doing his part. I'm certainly doing my part. Big fat part. Especially the fat part. But the morning show. Maybe we ought to take a poll on that. One of these days soon, what's wrong with our morning show in this radio station? I have no clue exactly. Maybe that's what's wrong with it. Nine minutes after 10. Maybe that line they were doing this show on this morning. Maybe that might not have helped either. You know, the order was found right there for the order? Yeah, that could have been it. They'll come along. Are they going to come along or what? No. So as we get the cash to know over here, he'll kick some ass. Huh? So as we get Bob and Tom on and the more, ah, Tom on them. 10, 10, 10. Yeah, that's right. We're starting to squeeze our nipples. We're so excited. Chad, and the time now we start to listen. We'll find Bob and Tom as a lead and God would that be great. Would that be great? I'm hearing the rumors that we're going over there to a TMI. Oh, and by the way, if any of you classical music gazzles are listening, the word from the inside of Cox, we have some post connections over there. You can I kiss your classical music goodbye, bye by. See you. No more boats are no more betowych. No more lube and gvan. So rebel huddle your snake in the squeeze for your life because they're going 10 past 10 at 5.50 WQAS. No portion of his broadcast maybe. No, no, no. That's the express written permission of WQAS V3's acquisition court. Gordon gives South Florida a major blowjob. Tonight on VH1 Storytellers, he's a very special evening with Christy and that nagu-lera. Like I got the idea, you know, for this song, one day when my manager told me, I had to see him. Get the story behind the music from the woman, lady, to adolescent, who conquered the pop music world with her own unique style. I got my idea for this song from Britain's fair, you know, then I like to go my record company. And they had a guy right at home and stuff. Christine, that nagu-lera on VH1 Storytellers. I think I have a big turning point for me, musically, you know, with, was like, when I finally realized, I needed rest in front of us. When they write the pop music history books, they'll file Christine the Agu-lera under a... He will... ...push off! Christine, Agu-lera tonight on VH1 Storytellers, the show where people who have nothing to say say, this stuff. And I'm going to tell you, if anybody wondered why vanilla ice cream is so popular, just take a look at that pitch. She's 48, by the way. Going on 18. 40, what is it? 52 this week? She looks like crap, she can't sing for a shmit, but other natchies don't mind. I don't understand, she weighs about 82 pounds so can wet. She looks like a scarecrow on a bad day, and she's she looks scary to me. But nevertheless, she's big, big, big. She is big. Here's a very distressing thanks to start off my morning. I'm really upset about this. Am I upset? No. No. It's an email, no less. And it says, for once at a long time, you'll something you've said is caused me to stop listening to your show. I can enjoy the shots you take at Blacks in America. This is obviously from a darkie. Am I right about that? No, from a dark-completed person. I'm not really sure how dark on a Richter scale, maybe a one or two, or maybe a ten or eleven on scale of eight. Like who's real dark? Give me some of the, it's like, we were like, I'll tell you who was real black. Rho! He was real dark, too taxicore. Was. Now I'm talking about somebody who's still alive. How come we just mentioned two people? Well, Roy's not dead, but he's deported. Somebody, uh, Roy's good. For what? No, dark. For what? I'll tell you one thing, you sure like that dark bill though. But at any rate, it says the shots you take at the country's of Africa just show how ill informed you are of history. I don't know anything about history. I don't know anything about history. George is the history expert. I know about important things like hockey and harness racing. George knows about the other, I know hockey, harness racing and homos. Those three ages. Yeah, what's wrong with that? George knows about the other age that's history. Well, who cares? I mean, history is in the past. It says it wasn't until the last half of the 20th century that most African countries were free from colonial rule. Democracy and equality were not part of the system during the colonial period. So how can you expect these formally oppressed people to immediately turn on and have a country that is anything like I wrong? First of all, did I ever say I expect them to do that? Did I say that? No, no. I just said that there were a bunch of bar bearings living in the Stone Age for the most part. And that's true. The colonial powers, Britain, France, Belgium, Italy, Germany, etc. in the European countries, made sure to keep the masses uneducated and shackled with either tribal religions or with Christianity or worse yet some of the are mixing of the two. Well, look how Christianity looked how good it's working in Northern Ireland. They're the ones that did that mixing, by the way. If you want to talk about African problems, you should do as your website suggests. Get literate and educated. No, see you don't understand the philosophy here, my dark-complpted friend. That's for you to do. Don't do as I do, do as I say. Get literate and educated and I'll take home the paycheck every twice a month. Right. Get smart. Too late for no far like me. I'm just getting whatever the hell I can, like an Amsterdam. And believe me, it's just like, this is one of the great lines I've ever heard. And this is definitive. I want you to listen to this very, very carefully because this is the epitome and at least he's honest about it. This is the epitome of all of the people who say, all you pissed me off this time, I'll never listen to you again. Guess what? Right. It's as I know I will tune in again tomorrow. Oh, this was from back on Tuesday, so he's been listening ever since Tuesday. On Tuesday. See, there I go, saying that again. I'm starting to talk blackies. I know I will tune in again tomorrow, but for the rest of today, I'm not listening. Oh, yeah, welcome back to South Florida. I've got to grudgingly welcome back. You asshole, you, something like that. This is from Joe, Joe Mama. Well, I'm sorry, Joe, if I offended you, I'm really sorry. Oh, but it sounds good. Because if I don't offend you, then nobody will listen to the show. The idea of the show is to offend as many people as possible. And then make it realize that they're taking things through serious. Just light enough of you, Shade. Joe, that's all. Light enough a little bit on you, Darkies out there. All you smokey, some clouds and spooks and porch monkeys. See, that's only not even 20 after all, ready to start to make these comments. Races faster, Jew. Fag. Oh, speaking of that. Here is one of the great stories in history. And this, you know what they're going to be saying all over town today about this. Come on, you suck. Oh, man, this is even going to get them off that alien crap for a little while. They might even put it back in his pants and let it rest for a while after they hear about this. Cuba spy was INS officer FBI says. That's home with you, lucky. Right. Supervisor had access to sensitive files, agents charge. And we'll tell you this guy's name, by the way. A high ranking supervisor with secret security clearance of the US immigration office in Miami was arrested yesterday in charge with the spy for the Cuban government. Oh, a Mariano Faggot 54 of Kendall. That damn sack, I can't stand it. Was being held a defedible detention center in Miami on Thursday evening while 10 FBI agents searched in photograph of his two story house on a call to sack. It sounds like a sack I should read to me. The FBI said, is that the same FBI that covered up for that guy that killed the two people driving the wrong way? Drunk out of his mind. Oh, yeah, that's what I thought. The FBI of gay Edgar Hoover. Today, three law enforcement agencies will hold a news conference just in 40 minutes from no matter fact 11 a.m. To unveil the extent of Faggot's association with Cuba. That damn sack, I can't stand it. And it spies in Miami and other US cities whom a Faggot met with secretly the FBI said. That damn sack, I can't stand it. Faggot, it was born in Cuba. Well, I'm assuming I'm pronouncing that right. It's not Fajje. He's not a Frenchman. Is he a fraud? No. And there's no way you'd pronounce that in Espanol. Mary Ann, oh, Faggot. He's a Faggot. He was born in Cuba. Well, of course, there's a lot of Faggot's born in Cuba. And became a well-like supervisor at the Busy Miami-I.N.S. office, which charged with a federal violation of the S.B. and Ajax in making false statements. He escaped from his first appearance in US district court today. Fry his ass. Faggot's dad, Daddy Faggot, who had the same name as a well-known police commander in Cuba charged with hunting down Communists in the 1950s during the reign of Cuban President for Hensio Batista, who was overthrown by Fidel Castro in 1959. I love saying that, by the way. Full Hensio Batista. Fajista rhymes with Batista. Do you think there's a coincidence in that? Batista? No. Rimes with Fajista. During the details of the S.B. and Ajax charges, lives against, oh, I see, that's a mistake here. As usual, in the, which papers is to Harold, the S.B. and Ajax? The details of the S.B. and Ajax charges against the Faggot, where Faggot sketchy threw the evening. But after the ice spokesman Terry Nelson called the arrest a major case that's been in the works for two years. He had real good access. He said, a Faggot to ability to view INS records. How do you like that? Someone called to say that they were pronouncing it, but I hit on the news last night. But that's not nearly a funny. His name, well, they're saying that because they just like Ed Koch. His name wasn't Koch. How do you spell K or C-A? Try to pronounce that? Not Koch, but they don't want to pronounce it that way. I want to say Ed Koch, that's bad. Especially in his case because, you know, we all know about Ed Koch. Whatever his name is, and the same thing here. The media always likes to play with these names because you can't say Faggot on ear. Can you say that? Faggot, I can't stand it. Can't say that. And Daddy was hunting down Communists. So it runs in the family. There are a bunch of some versatile, comic-pink-o-spies. And whatever. Oh, no, he was, Daddy was hunting down the Communists. And then the son of a... What's your problem? Yeah, he was, well, he was too busy on the outside. I think he was like Herbert the Philbrook. And Robert Philbrook? No? I led three lives? Oh, okay, yes. Jesus Christ, Mr. History boss. What could be more important than helping during the Kamie, a red-bating day of the early 50s than I led three lives? Here's a mobile in Homestead, hello. Mobile in Homestead. Yes. Yes, yes. Hi. This is the gentle and old cold you are wild. I go complimenting you. I come from Europe. Ready close to the future. Let it go, forget. If you have to do like Republicans. Yes, sir. Right near the... I write near the Grand Hotel. Yes. In Dagnino where they had that bakery with them. They had those great pastries. But how? Are you familiar with Dagnino? I'm familiar with the old lady. I grew up. I was born in a nation. Dagnino, Chimolto Bany. But anyway. Neil, I was just old in a way when you brought up the issue. I wanted to talk about the worst about this immigration situation. Yes. And I have a very close personal work in the system. And she's amazed and all the screen cars, all of us. There have been employees by Dagnis, which I don't know if it makes much sense. But it's pretty much... Still a much... A Cuban colony in that place. If you go and break off. So... That's all I want to say. Okay, I remit her, Chie. Chie, Neil. Chie. What do you say, anybody saying? No. He said it's a Cuban one? Colin? Colin? Yeah. I didn't know that they were colonializing. Well, of course, they already have in Miami, but other than that. Maybe they'll branch out, maybe they'll move in some other direction. Maybe up the Gainesville at the Kiddac Hotel. You're saying he'd like to have some Cubans up there to have his way with. Already. By the way, that's our poll question for the day. Who gets laid more? Who gets more asked? Seminoles of the Gators? No, I think that's something that's worth exploring. Who's getting more asked? And of course, I use that term only. And the elusive possible sense of the term. I'm never going to find a stamp thing that I'm looking for. One here to put it on the website. What is that? The poll question. Yeah, that's a good idea. We're talking about women. I'll put out of here. Will you please? No, no, no. That's a good idea. Let Eric put that on our website. We'll find out who's getting laid more of the Gators or the Seminoles. Who's getting more action up there in Tallahassee? Or in Gainesville at all those yellow? Because what else is there to do? We decided to get drunk. The force that college is all over the country. That's the number one priority is getting this drug drink as much as much as much as you possibly can. And getting as much asked as much as we're that talking about women. necessarily as you possibly can. That's a great poll question. Yeah, let's stick it right on the website. See if we get a response on that. Well, George, we'll show him that he had a word. We're going to start actually doing that. What you've ever got our own computer in here who wouldn't have to rely on Eric. We could do it for ourselves and the a poll question too. The George was telling me about a conversation he had with some cops that were putting up roadblocks while I was on vacation under the guise of looking for drug addicts, drug peddlers of junkies, all this other crap. And the poll question was who hassles you more in your life? And here was the result. Was it cops or was it junkies they were hassled by? 305 people said they were hassled by cops more. And only 69 people. That's an interesting number said junkies. 81 and a half percent said they were hassled by pork. More in their lives only a small handful by junkies. And of course that just makes common sense. But that's just another excuse that the the fascist police out there have, you know, to hassle everybody and pull people over well, you know, if we pull over a thousand people and we find one or two drug peddlers, it's really worth hassling your life. No, it's not. No, it is absolutely not. In addition to which most of the like I told George and Amsterdam, all those dark and plucked drug peddlers in the streets that are annoying me all the time. Those rostig guys, co-cracked those guys. The only people that ever stop and do business with are their scumbags. So who gives a crap? The reasonable people, the clean cut people, the living and breathing people. They just give them kind of like a dirty look and they move right on by like the on Warwick said walk on by and that what you said something like that. No, she said, please give me some money because I'm starving on a bankrupt and call in for my pony second network. Don't call the on Warwick by the way, cost no refugees are buddy. She's got a better pony second network. 1027 at 560 WQA. It's Friday you were school. Sunday Sunday, be there at all of this raceways. We're going to party like you say, T-I-D-O-L-E. Sunday! And you've received foreign reason actions with the ultimate Amish raceways show now. As Jeva D'Ayajansus, hey John, has a guy in Jossus? You know, have to head funny, fudgy showdown. That'll make your father sure. The Amish raceway, winter take all on handicapped maps. Like, ever neither, the quilt showhands and meets part of her fake hat jerking fin. Two go in. One comes out. Who will take all the orange triangle? Oh, sorry. On the seventh day, God may have rested. But for this Sunday only, you snooze, you boo! At all these raceways! 1032 at 560 WQA. And a speaker of the Amish stop to rely on, which isn't too far away from Amish country. Big primary tomorrow, baby. I have sitting here thinking of myself. You start out with new Hampshire. Well, first the Iowa caucus, Iowa, New Hampshire. Then they stick Delaware in between because it's like 10 people there. And now South Carolina. And this is what's going to set the stage for what your choice is going to be in November for who's going to be the next president and have a finger on it and the button too. I mean, you talk about a cock-eyed ridiculous system. Who gives a f-a-a? In what way? I mean, why wouldn't they start out first of all? They should have a national primary. They've been threatening that for years. That would make all the sense of the world. Of course, it takes the fun out of it for the media. Because then it all happens in one day. And then what do they do? But that's the way to do it. And why are we still using electors, by the way? Because that's the way the founding fathers did. Just like when Jefferson had his slaves. You know, something, let me say this to you. If slavery was good enough for Thomas Jefferson, then what the hell's wrong with George Jefferson? You're, I'm saying, why isn't it good enough today? And of course, people would say, how could you say that? And I'm only joking when I say that. But it goes to show you all this crap about well, our founding fathers. We're very brilliant in some ways and very primitive in other ways. So all of this crap about well, you know, the good book says, and the founding fathers said, who gives a crap? Here we are in the year 2000. How about if we use our own brain? What a concept. Yeah. Oh, you can't do that. That's on American, man. Our founding fathers, they were like geniuses. Yeah, that's why they wore those white wigs. And had wooden teeth because they were geniuses. I mean, what's how are you people thinking about it? Are we ever going to get beyond that? No, I don't think so. But what's wrong with an actual primer? If we're going to have primaries today, if we're going to do it the same way that we're doing it up, instead of starting with ION, New Hampshire, and Delaware, and South Carolina, a bunch of bumpkin yahu's states start with New York, California, Texas, Illinois, Florida, Michigan, and that's it. Have those on the same day to get it started. And whoever can survive those primaries, if we have to continue with this, the charade and this gain that we go on so that the media can make a lot of money with spots, and the can look this for all they can. Then then move on and have the smaller states later on. But because of the fact that you're dealing with emotional animals and all the so-called momentum, like like it's a ball game, not like it's an intelligent thing like an election that has some significant to me importance. No, it's like a ball game. Who's got the big mole? Yeah, that's right. Who's got mole for your money? And the thing that shocks me also is that yesterday, yesterday I'm watching and they're saying this thing, this is as of last evening. I'm watching that five to six things they have on CNN that political thing inside politics, and they're saying they have never seen a race disclosed at the Republican race in South Carolina, Bush and the McCain. I'm watching this morning on the same CNN, and the guy the expert they bring on says, Oh, well, Bush now is he was ahead like 8% last week, and now the latest police like move further ahead. His lead seemed to be pretty comfortable in South Carolina. What does that mean? And of course the reason I think that can't measure is because they don't have any idea how many independence and Democrats are going to cross-dress and cross over and both the Republican primary to screw it up. So it used to be the other way. A lot of Republicans would then screw up the Democratic primaries intentionally to try to get into the candidates, I think, would be the weakest opponent. And that's another thing. What sense is it make if you're registered independent or Democrat? Why should you be able to vote in the Republican primary or vice versa? You shouldn't. You should only be able to vote in it because what what primaries are is people who are members of a particular party, selecting their candidate to run for the office. Oh, what a concept. In other words, the Democrats pick who they want, and their Republicans pick who they want. That's the way it's supposed to work. But just like the founding fathers, this is all dark age crap. Just like the thing in New York that McCain had to fight, tooth and nail, to get his name on a ballot after his landslide win, New Hampshire, because this is another game they play. Oh, well, if you don't do it by a certain time, even if you got 70% of the votes in all the other primaries, we're not going to get you on a ballot in New York. Well, guess what, two bad to got him on there. Because of political pressure. Because it was too God in embarrassing. But it is going to be pretty interesting. And I'll see who do we want to see when I would say a bush. Because McCain scares the hell out of me, not because he's a good candidate. Not because he's a great speaker, not because he has any great ideas, but because he's a war hero. War hero. Right. And America loves war heroes. I mean, no matter how anxious they are, just like how about the Lindbergh, lucky Lindbergh. He was like an American hero because he flew to play in there. Spirit is St. Louis. And so even though he probably did kill his kid, and that whole thing with Lindbergh, baby, was a fake. And even though he was a virulent anti-Semite, and thought just like in Austria, he thought Hitler was never such a bad guy. Never stole a freight train. American hero, lucky Lindbergh, America's big on that crap. Heroes. So I say bushes that a wooden South Carolina market. There's any Republicans out there. I get my pickup truck right now. Head up to South Carolina, Columbia South Carolina. That's a good place to stop off. And vote 10 or 20 times tomorrow for Bush. Just to make sure that those damn independence and democrats don't screw up your way. Because his name is Bush. He's supposed to get in. Isn't it? That's the way it works. That's right. Daddy told him so. Just like you're in Florida. We got a guy named Bush. He was supposed to get in right on that's why they put a dead man up against him. A pumpkin. Yeah. Right, buddy. Hey, buddy. Hi, buddy. Oh, god. I can see this is going to be someday on a phone man. I can see this is going to be a tremendously musical Friday with all the stuff that's going on. All these important things. These people have anything going on. Oh, boy. It's been a bizarre week. Been kind of a mixed bag. We don't have a single call on the board there right now. We got important stuff going on like Tom Zickus column. Like the two cases against this priest and day county are settled finally. Which I'll get into. But no matter what it is, the cats got these people's tongues. And like Tom says, we I love his line last line in his article, which I'll get to. Talks about the fact that I'm number one 25 54 and help Hank also be he says number two but Hank turned out to be number one between two and six. He says, however, when women are figured out the next Rogers is only 50. Among all the students 25 54, he was a favorite Rogers line. You could put all the women listening to his program in a symbol and still have room for the Chinese army. Nice going time. Oh, well, that time, Zickus really coming along. You know what? He is really even though he's. He's. Even though he's he's my only great hope left in his town. He's the only guy he even knows my name. Nice going time. God bless you. Sweet. I'll pray for you. Good old Tom Zickus. He's. He's. But he's our good close buddy. And he also by the way said, Greg reads an asshole. I that's one that's one more reason I like Tom a lot. Because he's been in this building. He's seen the schmutz on the walls. He said, boy, that plays the toilet. You only think about time. Remember what I used to have money used to grow up so lot. What is it? Maybe we can get Tom some of those pills that I'm taking. You'll ask it in the chest and I'd be asking. It says that bad sour stomach. 21 before 11 at 5. 60 WQAM. 60 Hoover. Out the more on my. High relationship. Genius. Love your dress. And your hair looks so shiny and manageable. Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders? I'm not using head and shoulders a long time ago. I mean, honestly, who grows hair on their shoulders anyway? Yeah, right. So what are you using now? Well, it's like head and shoulders only without all those additive. It's just called Chad. Let's tell him about it, girls. If you tired of your open arms, you can't help but say it's a feeling you can't help. Chad, Chad, don't be never blind. Chad, Chad, you'll feel better if you get some heads. Wow. Where could I get that? Lots of places, chicks. You can stop by my place later and I'll be happy to give you this head. In 50 minutes, I'll have you shampooed, silenced, and blown dry. She, you don't miss a lick, do you? Tencent of green. But is it expensive? Now, it all, chicks. I'd rather says there are places downtown where you can get head for less than ten dollars. Jolly, that's that price. Everyone should be getting head. That's right, Jack. When you say head, you've done a mouthful. I'm not the Raymond of the Latte. From prison all in the business. You should get head. First at lubricate each limp hair follicle, leading an erect listening shaft. Then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root, leaving your hair soft, shiny, and exhausted. Nothing does the job like head. Great. Can I get head from my hairdressant, Bruce? Probably. But you might want to try your girlfriend first. Go out and get the head today. Head down and work, go to normal light. Head down, look better, and you'll feel perfect. Head down, you get head. You're a lucky step. What hair with lots of volume? Nothing gets it up like head. Available to price, you won't find hard to swallow, and it's going down every day. Honey, we're out of sample. Can you go out and get some head? What did you say? I said, I'd want you to go out and get head. Oh, thank you. Sweet Jesus. I'm going down down. And that makes a great holiday gift. Last Christmas, my wife gave me some head. Then I gave her a pearl necklace. I had never seen her so choke-touch. My girlfriend used to give me head, and then we got married. Now I'm lucky if I get dirt and lotion in a national dress. When she's back, we'll find her job. And you've done my fun, your job. Me and her daughter, you're one of them. And she's a lovely woman. I know, though, I'm gonna get my head. If you're quiet, I'll get good. Head down, red, gray, and green, so can you get me never the product? Head down, you get me out better than you get some head. Oh yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Head shampoo. Come on, give it a shot. I air looks great. You're the man. And then we ever tell you kids don't eat with your mind. Don't talk with your mindful. It's like when you go to the dentist. That's not all about your dentist, but my good doctor Gary, Why? Every time I go to him and as soon as they start putting all those instruments in your mouth and pack it with all kinds of crap, then they start asking questions. Like that. What are you supposed to say? They all do that. Yeah. You say, yeah, it's an active citizen. Well, what do you think? How's it going to? Anyway, Eric has got it on our website, Neil Rogers.com. If you want to vote if you're a senator or a regator, the poll question day is who gets more asked, gators or seminals? I think that's a great poll question. Now, of course, there's more sheep and gainsville. We do know that. Here's a fact from Mike and Kendall, a chronic factor, it says, just why did let you know that it's sour 96 is giving away a hundred dollars each color during the next 20 minutes. Apparently they're doing this several times a day over the next few weeks. Once again, they've chosen to buy an audience as opposed to an Eastern Fones system. I guess that's the Greg Reid F. and Wade. Uh-huh. Is what he says. I scroll in here, Mike and Kendall, but we are getting that new expensive very fancy fancy Fones system. And of course, the interesting part about that is that even if it is the phone company's problem, that isn't going to change anything, but nevertheless, we've forced him to spend some money. Why does that number 13 keep coming back into my mind again? It just keeps popping up over and over again. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the 18 T wireless line. If we've got anybody in this audience who's ever been in Africa, besides Gilbert. We don't want to talk to Gilbert. They need him desperately on that point too show in the morning on stupid talk. I'm talking about like a real person who's ever been in Africa. Maybe they can educate us just to what it's really like there. And I'm not talking so much about South Africa, which is far more civilized than most of the rest of that barbaric country, but that would be acceptable too. I'm willing to learn. Maybe there is more than just a bunch of cannibals and spirit choques over there. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. And rapist, mobile in Miami. Hey, Neil. Yes. Uh, I registered like pink. I just wanted to really quick. I read, I believe it was in my field that Brown has the highest population of three dying of eight. Yeah. I don't know what's going on with that. Good blood to you. Okay. There's no fact in the church. Two cases against priest settled by, and of course this article in the Sun said, they written by James R. Davis religion editor. So you always have to raise at least the three eyes up in the year when you realize that he wrote the article because he's a real shill for organized religion. He's the one that wrote that book review of our great body. What those are good buddies name Charles Templeton, farewell to God, and rift the book a gigantic review. This is long after. I mean, like two years after I was talking about the book and what a great job Charles Templeton. The ex, uh, preacher did about the debunking all this religious crap. And he just rifted to pieces. Of course, because James Davis isn't a religious editor. He's the religious promoter. But nevertheless, he writes this little article which they bury way back in a paper today. Two cases against priest settled. The arts dyeses of Miami is quietly reached settlements with two or four plaintiffs against the four-later day on priest. They had accused of sexual misconduct. The set of the settlements were made within the past couple of months under terms that their confidential sedentary Russell Adler for Laterdale representing the four men and the four men against the Reverend Joseph Senec. The two plaintiffs who settled with the arts dyeses lived in the neighborhood of Saint Jerome, Catlett Church in southwestern four-later dayl, were Senec, served until late 1998. One of the plaintiffs accused the priest of stalking and harassing him. The other accused in EC of sexual conduct while hiring him for odd jobs around the church. Adler said, what kind of jobs was it odd? Arts dyeses in attorney J. Patron, but I don't even like the way I said that. That was great. I'm going to be proud of myself. That's a big word for me. Arts dyeses in attorney J. Patrick Fitzgerald was out of town unable for comment. Mary Ross Augusta, he's probably killer, akin to Iliana Ross, Ross, Ross, the Rosanna Dana. Mary Ross Augusta spoke to him for the arts dyeses. Confermed the two cases had been settled, but gave no details, citing the confidentiality stricter in the scripture. That's what she said. The other two plaintiffs say, say, the NIC and sexual conduct with him about 15 years ago, when he was serving at Immaculate Conception Church in Hailea. I heard he was Immaculate. Yeah, always had plenty of towels around, unlike that goddamn bubble. Those two cases have not yet been resolved. Yeah, see if he would have just been a little more immaculate, we wouldn't have had no mess on the dress, we wouldn't have to go through all us to can start penis gig. So Nacy was pastor of St. Manual, Paris, St. Maurice, Paris, she had manual on my mind. Because he liked to do it manually. Between Dating and Haile would, when the first accusation became public and August, news reports of the matter prompted the two men from Immaculate Conception to call Adlow the attorney said, the fourth plaintiff, one of those from the Saint Jerome neighborhood, came forward only late last year. Augusta said, on Thursday, she didn't know St. AC's were about, but said he is not an active priest in the arts dyeses. He did resign from St. Maurice and was not reassigned, she said. Not yet. His wereabuts are unknown. Maybe he's up there getting the sex change with Denise up there in Albany. I bet you they looked charming together. I mean, just day after day, week after week, story after story, all these things come barreling out of the closet, all the AIDS cases, and yet the masses out there, and I hate to use that to rematch, but the brainwash masses keep going out there and subsidizing this garbage. This God awful, grotesque, hypocritical garbage. And there's nothing that any of us can do or say to stop you because you don't have a brain to think for yourself. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the, okay, I can see that like I said, it's going to be all music today. I got one call on the board at the lady mobile and Helen Dale. Hello. Yes, man. Can I change the subject to something lighter? There is no subject, because subject is whatever you want to talk about. Okay. Why do I always have to explain that? Okay. I ran out on the boss the 2035 book. And I began reading it and now I'm carrying it around. I'm filming shopping now with it. Everybody's looking at me. I got nuts walking around reading this book and I'm absolutely fascinated. What made you turn to this instead of the asking? Because the AIDS cases doesn't work for me. Plus it makes you constipated and it's got too much fat and I don't think it's good for you. Yeah, I agree. I understand. It hasn't the way it's going to be for me. Yeah, and I just want to thank you for, Rob. And I am telling you this much. I feel as if you're in times better on this diet than in the acting. Yeah, okay. I agree with you. I went to their website. And I don't know if you bother with that. But you can ask questions directly. I have some questions. And so people who buy the book, they can go right to their website and the hint of practice. Okay. Very good. Just say goodbye to all I read meat. Maybe once in a while, but I want to meet in cheese. I'll kill you. Thank God. I think it's timidated by all the people that were saying all the actions is the only thing that works. Hey, listen, if it works for them, fine, I don't have a problem with that. It doesn't work for me. It just not my thing. I have Dr. Ticula. This is so I can't, I can't tack the actions. Right. Amen. Good luck. Bye bye. 5.6705. 60. Pomp 5. 60 on the AT&T. Wireless line. This is a town where we go through these phases. And this is one of those weeks. I'm not going to fight it. They just got nothing to say this week because the Danny thing is pretty much over. They pretty much give it that up even though we don't talk about that stuff anyway. But what little material they had before, the same potter was Danny and Jimmy and Jimmy and Danny. And whatever else, in a course, the alien thing, which please, I don't want to hear that name again. And that's pretty much it. Just like that one fact said, when I came back from vacation, nothing happened here while you were gone. Okay. I mean, a few murders stuff like that. Okay. That's just business is usual in the big city. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Mobile in Bokeh. Yeah. Yes, sir. How are you? Okay. Good. I think to Africa. My J. Yeah. Knowing up to the other way. Going, but you haven't been there. I haven't been there, but when I get back, I'll give you a spiral for it. What prompted you to want to go there? I said to my wife, I said, maybe some places you don't want to go. And she said, hmm, Africa said we're going. So we're going up there to say, Bob, wait. Yeah. I'm actually gambling there. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to gamble when you get off the plane. That's the first game. And I guess when you get on the plane, we'll say, oh, uh, students is to quantum up. No, more than kidding. I'm so South African airways. It's supposed to be a fine airline. Yeah. Although, I do understand that every now and then they divert to Afghanistan. But that's just what I'm hearing. We're hoping not to make too many detours. Okay. But then we're going to head up to a Sun City, which is all crazner's place. Uh-huh. Oh, oh. I tell you what. And uh, so we're kind of excited. But I, when I get back, I will tell you whether it was worth going. Okay. That's it. And I'm sure you don't want to reconsider now. Uh-huh. Well, I got to take you to the malaria tablets. Have a great time, pal. Second. We'll pray for you. To thank you. I think you'll need it. There's a guy in March, 80's going off to Africa. He's going to check out the Africa owners. I mean, maybe Africa's a great place. You know, for somebody else. Just like those cruise ships that they have today, we read these horrors stories because I can't convince you people that people are going cruise ships are idiots. They're fools. They're a captive audience for a Mickey. That's all there. There's suckers. There are people that want to have a bad vacation. I mean, I don't know about you. I get a lot of vacation days. You're most people don't get five weeks like I do. But if you do whatever you get, that's what you get. You got to make the best of it. You got to make hay while a sun and your sun is shining. And these people let the waste their time on those cruises. And then they bitch in a morning they belly. Let me ask you, once the last time I went on vacation and came back and said, I had a crappy time. Can you remember time? No, no. 1056 is fine. And just to prove the outbeat glad to start out wanting to get in the tomorrow. I could get on a plane. You know, just to prove to you, I know what I'm talking about. I know my craft. Motorsports Saturday. Yeah. What was that? That was the same rejoin we used to play. Same number anyway. Yeah. You've been changed. And then that's the promo. I like those short ones, man. Georgie Bullish said that. No way to make it in there. I didn't look them. See that's true me off because it's the idea. Oh, thank you. Sorry. I'm going off. Don't you keep playing. I have a good heart today. Georgie Bullish said that his nose is clean and never puts up in it. Can't he's running for the wine house. So he just can't admit it. Don't drunken that not all even down a few people. Oh, come and tell me. Drugs with you. He didn't drop some messages too. Why won't George just come out and simply say he did it. He pre-sacced the press with shut their mouth. But it felt he got him busy. He did more than watch his thing. But he watched it tell the same. And he pre-sacced cocaine too much. That's the question that he does. Can he make it quite much clearer? Like a razor on a mirror. He wants the two be-s. That he didn't do anything. George, he pushed it back. It's no good clean and never put up in it. Can't be running for the wine house. He just can't admit it. George he's pretty. George he's pretty. George he's pretty. Oh, oh. Lebanon, all three at five, 60 WCM. I'm just thinking now that Carlos brought the mail in there. And I don't want him to take this person unless you want. I mean, he wants to. But why is it that all of these morning shows. Even in redneck places and maybe especially in redneck places like Tampa, like the Ron and Ron show restaurant piece. Why do they always have to have a obligatory flaming queen on the show? Just like I'm power 96. What is its name Carlos? What name is he used on that show? I don't know. He uses some other name on there. You don't listen to the morning show on power 96? You don't even have a lot of company. Oh, that's right. Oh, no. I shouldn't have said that. Rick and son's name your help. Don't abandon them for that show. But anyway, he has some flaming name that he uses on that show. It doesn't have to act too much being some flaming queen. And they had feds on there on that. I don't understand that. Because generally speaking, the audiences that these people Painted to are pretty, uh, Negro phobic leader. Leader? Oh, what a lovely name. Leader. I never seen leader that. Look, take me to your leader. That look quite like that. She's really floating these last couple of days. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. What make it to today? It's quite of this damn town. Oh, you could just open the window and take a little sniff. Can you smell it? It's the smell of instant death. Here's a mobile in Bokha, hello. Yeah, sir. Hi, uh, do you ask for somebody who's been to Africa? Yes, you've been there? A couple years ago, on a business trip, I had to go out and take a couple depvisions of some, uh, anthropologists out there and then, uh, Kenya. Oh, my God. In Kenya. And, uh, I've never thought of that. And, uh, we went through Nigeria, uh, New Zealand and Lagos. Yeah. Say that the inner connetl. They have an inner connetl logo. First, first, let me just tell you. Um, the people are extremely nice. Uh-huh. Uh, very, uh, I was even like, I had to put it in the pot. Yeah. Yeah, very accommodating. Very, uh, uh, uh, educated. We never had any tunnels with anybody. The only problem, you know, and that's the good stuff. The, the problem I had was, um, you know, have you been to France? No, yes, one. Well, that was enough for me. You know, when I was in France, uh, you know, you had that one and a one about it every 10 guys passed up on the, on the, on the street and they'll knock it down with this thing, right? Mm-hm. Uh, the dome bay. And that's the vibe and so. This is, this is the major league of not eating. I mean, you know, you're staying at the intercontinental and you order, you know, somebody to come to your room to bring cows or something. And the guy walks in your room. Yeah. Yeah. Can't get the smell out of there. And I. Now, it's that because they don't believe in soap or it's maybe a, They're just away to customiz they. I guess it's not, they're not stupid people. They're not bad people. They're just dirty people. And, and then we went on a, on a safari. And we, we ran into those, uh, the bushman and, and Ken, you know, the real tall guys. Yeah. And I'm, I'm the bushman. Neil, 20 feet away. You're not going to your eyes start water. Yeah. Your eyes start water. Wow. And we actually stayed in, in, well, and well, while later found out was, you know, you're staying in the hut. We stayed overnight in the hut. And it was made, and I thought it was made out of mud. I really, I bought it. I have a lot of common sense. You know, this was made out of cow dung. Yeah. And all night long, made it over to the, and then handy if you're an artist. Yeah. And so long night long, little flakes of the stuff was on your hand. Uh, you know, is that, anyway, it's actually very common. And it, cow dung flakes keep falling on my head. If you, if you, if you like Italy, because I know you like Italy. Yeah. Um, I don't know. Africa's going to be an experience for you. Well, what, what does that mean? If you go to Africa, I mean, it's going to be, Well, how does Africa compare to Italy? What, why would you, I'm curious. If you're, if you're a person in the likes of Vegas and likes the night lights and likes the richness and likes the, Well, there's no, there's no light after days on the night lights and Italy. I mean, they, they closed the street down eight o'clock in room. There's no night lights. Let me, let me just tell you the, the, the prostitution and, and, and Lagos at least the Nigeria was rampant. Really? I'm talking, they see a white jail in a, and say, I hate that as a man. Right. They see a white guy, and it is, I mean, if you're into black girls, Yeah. The border line goes like, you're not allowed to go through the, you're in take your body kind of with you too, because, you know, 10 out of every eight people in Africa have AIDS. That's the, that's a big problem. 15 out of every six people in Africa are carrying the virus, so you better take your body kind of. Well, it's a bad, you had it right time, and I hope you're, nasal passages clear it out. Yeah, okay. Thanks. Thanks. Well, isn't that where you supposed to go through those, the dark passages? When you go in those, the safaries? Yeah, those dark, nasal passages. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60. I'm, I'm the 80 and T, wireless line. Didn't sound too appetizing to me. I mean, this guy is a good guy, but he's just stretching it a little bit so to speak. When he says, if I enjoy it, Italy, I really, maybe interest him going to Africa. And, and yes, there are some gaming smell and people in Italy too. All over Europe, although not so much an Amsterdam, they, you know, they learn to hang out of the soap real tight there. They don't drop it. But in France, the guys absolutely correct. They like selling perfume and soap, but they just don't like using it so much. Don't do as I do just by my crap. And in Italy as well, you get on the bus or get on the subway, you'll find some pretty gamey people hanging around. See, one of the problems is that when you do your laundry, not would like a modern washing machines and stuff, but when you do it the old fashioned way, and then you hang the stuff out to dry, and the stuff is still dirty at all. You don't want to talk about? And the schmutz just kind of coagulates in the drives and permeates all of the fabric. And then you put it back on, and it smells really, really. The word I'm looking for is ripe. Right. Do you know what I'm talking about when I say ripe? You know exactly what I'm talking. And there's nothing worse than being on an elevator on a bus on a train and they can find area with somebody that smells ripe. So I thought to probably maybe they just fell to wrong in the papers they said that ripe was the big problem in Africa. Maybe they didn't meant ripe. 9 minutes passed 11 to 5.50 WQM. The entire meter's remained perched high on these long ladders, a hoses in hand. We're not going to know that five. We're not going to know that I'm going to die. And that I have to try to believe in today. And if the class of set of units that stuff goes in your profile, we're not going to die. Now it's been pretty too tired and it gets the trees and cold and it dies so good. I see it's not going to turn a liquid chair in the yoke. Oh, all day. It's a good night of spending. Jerry, but she's a fruit of truth. Oh, baby, baby. 9 minutes per litre and it's as if she's. There is a baby. Just stay out for not a fruit style. Just stay out for me. I'm a fairly cold tree. I don't have a smell, baby. I don't know. I've got that. I'm so too far away. The game of Tuesday is going to take longer to the post tomorrow. 5.50 WQM. 2.30 spends in 1.00. The one comes down the floor. In the fifth status of the Calais, the vehicle has its stop. The vehicles will never get around the kitchen of trees. But the 37th time, both of them can't be done. She's so looking bad now. It's not a baby, can't I? No, baby. I'm so nervous, dear. I hope you're happy to see the two. No, baby. I hope you're not a baby. Jerry, but she's so. No, baby. John, you're late. I'm late. I'm just busy. Oh, this is a Saturday day. Let me say this. Just open up the mail. Which usually we get to crap from mail in this place. But this is one of your all-time best. My good post personal body cat Peterson, the editor of Kahoot's newspaper in Hollywood, sends me a Gefilter Fish Decal. Made especially for Corvette's. And I'm going to put it on my Corvette's. No, but we put it up in a proprio place here in the studio. It's lovely. It's the, you know, it's the usual Christian fish there in the decal with the Gefilter in the middle. And even better than that, if that's possible. What I just do with the letter. Oh, here it is. This is choice from Tom Denning. Not Tom Denning, but Tom Denning. I'm sending pictures of a statue I put together. If we only had TV for this, how would you describe this? This is better than the one with the Pope on our CDs. It's my post in the middle of a, what a frock. The priest, the holy of the big Shmata. And the frizzy hair. Ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, I look like Jesus on a bad day. And also he sends me one of these. But this is the right it's down in the count of the first day in my life. I've ever received two 50 calts on the same day. Oh. And this one says, it's got the fish symbol and in the middle it says, in chips and apostrophe chips, fish and chips. Nice calling there. Oh. Beautiful. Put that one on the other side. What a great day for the Irish and the anti-goyam. I'll turn that right now. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We're talking about Africa. We're talking about places that you don't want to visit. Here's a call from Havana. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Probably I thought to you maybe half a year ago. I didn't know if he was you. Yes, sir. It was. Yeah, I got to be trouble here in Havana, Cuba. I'm trying to do something in the USA. Please, I will appreciate it. Yes. My wife is in Miami in North Miami. This and the operator, the telephone operator, from Cuba says the telephone cannot be reached from here. So I'm trying, if you could make a connection between my wife and me, because I haven't talked to her for a minute or two weeks. Yeah. Did you give your number? Yeah, I got a number, but I'm telling you, the operator can not reach this telephone number from Cuba. Why not? How did she reach this number? No. She can't. She can't get me the number before she left. Yeah. No, you're not following. If the operator can't reach your wife's number from Cuba, how did you reach this number? Yeah. You mean WTA-FATCC? What is it? No, she told me the telephone can not be reached from Cuba. But your telephone number, I can wish it. Yeah, okay. Well, why not hang on and give George the number? We'll try to dial her up, okay? All right. I'll really appreciate it, man. Okay, hang on one. Okay, he's on 80C, see if this is legit, or if it's just being boneed again, which is possible. But you never know, like the guy who called from Sweden in this car, and was given me the time 12 hours off. You never know, when you're sitting here taking these anonymous phone calls, but we do have people who listen and cue it only. And maybe this guy's related to that damn packet that I and S, a county think goes by, you never know. Or maybe this guy's just a guy who's really desperate, trying to get in touch with his wife, or somebody else's wife. Or maybe he's looking for the baby Jesus. I don't know. 560, 5050, 5060 on the AT&T line. In fact, it's kind of appropriate because I was just mentioning countries that I would never want to visit. Besides, there's anyone of the countries in Africa. And here's another one, a gentleman calling from Cuba. Do I ever want to visit Cuba? No, no, whether it's a communist, a fascista, and none of the above, no, no interest. Now, how we're going to do this by the way, if this actually pans out on the air, I hope. But can we put it both on together? We can. Punch one twice and it locks it. When you put it on. That's right, you're right. No, I'll say punch one twice. Okay, is anybody answering this number or what? Not jet. Not jet. Can't hear machine. Oh, no, I hate when that happens. Yeah, well, I actually leave a message for who to call our amigo here at Havana. We'll only punch him up again, hello, sir. Yeah, we are trying, but there's no, no, he's not home. Nobody home. You're my God. He's your first friend. I can't reach the connection between you and me. I'm going to ask you this, can you wife call you? No, let it all. Why not? You're talking with Cuba. I'm here. Anything is possible. Right. And it's the police, of course. Well, I'm off the plate just you will not see. You will not able to see Cuba. No, no, no. Because you don't want to. No. Be safe, Africa and maybe the Lebanon and Pakistan. Cuba each and other place. You want to be safe. No, we're not. No, we're not. They're in Pakistan. That's a two and out of my favorite. Well, listen, I'll tell you. George left a message on the answering machine and you want to try to get on Monday. I'm Monday. Yeah, call me again. I'm going to try it again. Okay. What time about? Yeah, anytime between 10 and 2. All right. Okay. Okay, pal. My name is K N E L. What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? What? I'll talk to you on the way. Okay. I'll talk to you on the way. Okay. I'll talk to you on the way. Okay, pal. I'll read it out. Okay. Love and kiss. Bye-bye. Woo. Heavy. Duty. What are your messages, Julie, for her, his lovely wife? I said, hey, a little bit, sir. How's it going to get a hold of you? I don't understand how they can do that. Don't know how to take a block call sound. Oh, yeah. Everything goes through the tube and operator. Through the switchboard, through the companies to operator. Yeah. And she don't connect you if you're not kosher. Well, for me, this guy must be some kind of subversive this guy. If they won't let him get his phone calls, maybe we can give it a little bit like a rubber raft. And she can take a leon back with her. Huh? And the tube grab. Well, great. 560, yeah, for a pitcher and a LF filter. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. We're talking about growth test places that nobody wants to visit. It's perousal, a lot of pain and a lot of money. I mean, places where the people smell bad. I just, uh, do I want to go there? No. I'm not into a bad hygiene. Can't get by the Romano care if they look great if they're friendly, if they're very nice. Yeah. I just can't get by that pungent aroma. Man, here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Mobile and Hollywood. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. All right. The color that the last color that you had that Fiti had been to Africa. Um, the first part of what he spoke about happened to be absolutely true. I went on business myself two years ago. And the people were extremely nice. Um, I spent time about 10 days in Sierra Leone West Africa, which is right on the west coast. The area looks similar to what you would see if you were standing at the beach. Uh, on the east coast here, looking towards the west. It's beautiful. They get a lot of rain. It's green and tropical. Yeah. They're the people. Uh, however, of course, it's an impoverished country. So obviously there's poverty there. But for the most part, the people do speak very good English. Communication is easy. They're there. They're Muslim and Christian, um, you know, religion. And, uh, when I traveled out into the country, um, you know, I had no adverse experience without there either with the people I was treated very well. Yeah, I'm on. The only thing is that, um, because the country, uh, was suffering from a situation where the military was not happy with the, uh, the current political government at that time. A few months after I left, uh, as planning another business trip to go back, they had political unrest and the country, the, the, the, the presidency was seized, uh, by the military and, you know, they took control over for about 10 months. And they started out with the people kind of indiscriminately too, which is makes it a little bit dangerous. Right. Right. And I mean, I have been able to go back to the, I don't imagine I'll be able to go back over there for at least another year or so. But when I was over there, you know, and I was told this before I went, I did some research and I called the, uh, the US embassy over here and talked to some people. And everyone I spoke to said, they're going to treat you very well when you go over there. And I happened to be, um, African American and I, you know, I was kind of looking forward to the opportunity to make a trip to Africa and this one came up and I took it. But as far as hygiene is concerned, I never once had a situation where I encountered any bad personal hygiene in this particular country and I traveled all to the other one of the more country was this. Yeah, early on West Africa. Oh, what? So a horse of it, a bit of color. It's a small, it's a matter of fact, the movie, the Amistad. Yeah, the, the, the slave ships that they had in that movie and the real story, those people came from Sierra Leone West Africa. Huh, and they didn't smell so bad as what I heard. No, well, I don't make, maybe on that trip over it, probably got a little right there. You might have got a little game of, yeah, about half over over, right? I mean, I'm not, I'm not saying I went around with my nose on everyone's armpit, but when someone smells really bad, you don't have to get too close. It's a drift pretty good, especially in the sweltering heat like in the summertime over there with 120 degrees in the shade. Well, you know, there, there were very much like here now. I wasn't in the, in the desert, you know, I mean, like I said, if you saw the country, it's green, unless you couldn't start a forest fire over if you wanted to because they get 150 inches of rain almost throughout a six month period. So you couldn't start a forest fire if you wanted to, but I'm sure in the interior of the continent where you have dry areas and people are maybe out in deflete areas where you don't have access to stores and, you know, personal hygiene stuff, you know, that they can buy. Yeah, I guess they do get used to, you know, you can't use to what you get used to, you're a product of your environment. Well, 150 inches and six months don't sound too bad to me. Listen, have a great day pal. I've had a great time. Okay. He wasn't here at Leonie. So, and that's not the way you say that. I had all the pens. It sounds more tight than I was here at Leonie. I love that. I love hearing people speak a tiny, no can really speak it. With small, you know, I'm talking about Leonie. Namale, Leonie. 26 past 11 at 560 WQN. Neil God. On the blue ship, on the side, it's a slayer ship and it's very hot when you roll all day. I think you want the back with change. It's a wooded ship and it smells like an arp. It's all a bad egg, but when you die of the sea, I throw the party in the sea. This is not all the toilet, all the doors, all the lights are all around. And if you go play the whole, no! Why does everything to it, but the change is a slave ship. They don't have low food, but you can see it's a bit back to you. You play the stary hot on the blue ship all the time. On the 32 at 560 WQN, don't go to Africa. That's what the first guy said. The second guy said, well, if you're a little bit darker, maybe it's okay, especially if you go to Sierra Leone. 560, 5050, p. 560 on the 18-T wireless line. Listener, stay loyal. Don't touch that dial, says Tom Jika. A computer glitch forced radio stations to wait several extra weeks for the results of arbitransfall audience measurement and turned out to be no big deal in the mommy for a modern day of market time. There was so little moment from the last quarterly report, the most popular stations might just as well continue selling from the summer book. Ratings dictate to rate average, and the ads can be sold. Ratings of the top five stations were exactly the same among the last 12 and over which is arbitrans all encompassing category. Moreover, there was only one relatively insignificant change in the order. Rapper WEDR means number one and soft hits WLIF. Life is again the first to run around Pauzeanne. Contemporary dance hits Power 96 broke out of a tire last time with Spanish hits Rario Amor to take over third place by an infinitesimal margin. Hot 105 who's urban contemporary music resembled EDR held the fifth spot. The big move we're in a survey conducted from mid September through mid December is the salsa sound of WXDJ, which vaulted from 15th to number six Another Latin hit salad, WRMA, Romantic, also jumped into the top 10 and number 8 up for my time for 11 3 months ago. Spanish news talker, Rario Amon B, WXU, Y, held the seventh spot as well as the mistakes of being the highest ranked AM station in the market. It's interesting that a time when the early on Gonzalez controversy dominated the news and software, especially on Spanish talk station, it was the Latin music outlets that made the most significant gains. How do you like that? Like I've been trying to tell you for all of these years, most of the Hispanic people don't give a flying crap about all of this. Garbage, those same two-fifth old barbarians out there, the same five, six hundred people that have no life. Jazz oriented WLV, love 94, was ninth with contemporary hits Y 110, TMI, the market's only classical music station tied for tenth, but lofty standing of WTMI, which was recently sold a Cox radio, could be an important consideration as the new owners decide to move to the station. You think it's going to be important? No, I think the classical music is going to hit the road is what I think. Sports Talk WQAM is the number one English language AM, but 17th overall, for the second consecutive book, WQAM's new challenger WAFN, the fan AM 1950, failed a register AM measurable audience. How do you like that? I haven't been telling you did they get one diary? Did they show up in any demographic? No, they did. They parted, do they exist according to arbitrage? No, no, no, no. I'm not a page of the hair, 50,000 parts series by Barry Jackass trying to promote their ass and did it help? No, they have no measurable audience. Says Tom Gika. And it goes on about EDR did this. He says the shuffling of programs between WIOD and WINZ, stupid talk AM940, resulted in a net loss for the station's owner, queer channel communications. How do you like that? WIOD once one of the nation's AM powerhouses, but now a disjointed mix of news and mostly syndicated talk shows, stand at the erosion somewhat for with a fractional gain to wind up tied for 19th. However, sister station WINZ, which gave up virtual number and Dr. Laura Slusonier, the two WIOD, lost a full point and now doesn't even register a whole number. In other words, fractions, pet fractions. WINZ plans to 27th with a mix of mostly inexpensive imported talk shows. A very expensive syndicated program Howard Stern continued to pay dividends for queer channels WBGG. The subject there at King of All Media is a runaway number one in the look of morning drive period among his target audience been 25 to 54. Among all persons 25 to 54, Stern is a close third behind the station's AMOLED and hot 105. The arraggies audience here is looked, but he remains as dominant between 10 AM and 2 PM among adult males as Stern is in the morning. The cornerstone of WQAM has the cornerstone of WQAM has no serious challenges among 25 to 54, a category especially significant to a sports station. Indeed, Rogers lead in help tank over jump from 7 to 2nd behind WFDJ among adult males and afternoon drive and let me see again that's on the last of us because after time wrote this, we find out to the 6th that Hank was actually number one in 2554. Are you like that? Hey, stupid right. However, it says when women are figured out of the mix, Rogers is only 15th among all the students 25 to 54. To use a favorite Rogers line, you could put all the women listening to his program in a symbol and still have room for the Chinese army. Nice going, Airtime. My only pal that I got left in his town in the media is my good buddy Tom Jick at the Sun Sentinel. He may be bald, he may be stupid, he may occasionally be two or three years behind on a story. At least he knows my name. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami? Hello. Yes sir. I've really cold about some advertising, but after listening to the talk a while, I've also been in Africa like to talk a little bit about that. Back in the mid 80s, I was in the Navy and I pulled into my Bosa Kenya on the ship. I did it, but not a business trip, it was a pleasure trip. So I went down there late in the winter until I was with her, small village. And spent a few days there with her in the two room. Shut up with her. Yeah, I thought like that. And one of the reasons, the very clean people, but one of the reasons that we had trouble taking a shower and you know, next, we had to go to the village pump. To get our bucket of water. And what was the pump at you, yeah? Yeah, yeah, to get the ball water to carry back home and take a bath. But folks were really nice. They just smell bad. Yeah, but there's not much they could do about that because they're not. Well, what he said, they're not a, they don't have the facilities. So thank you. That's what they're living in the Stone Age. Yeah. And I started to enjoy it. And like I said, the people were really nice. Now that was in the mid 80s. I couldn't tell you what it's like. Well, I'm sure that maybe two or three people out there got in like running water in the house. Well, they couldn't, they couldn't, they couldn't like this because they couldn't get it. But that's about it for my, my boss. He wasn't a business trip. He just wanted to shut up for a few days. Thank you. Well, I would like to run away. And they want to work. Yeah. The other point I had, I was going to call about your advertisers. I know you don't have any control over that. But I'm going to tell you, I'm just going to say two things. I will never buy an empty. Yeah. And I will not shop at Fort Lauderdale, Mr. B. Okay. And that's just listening to them people on the air. The guy on with a full lot of damn little busy. I don't know for sure. I'm not what you're capable of. Well, yeah. The tape is all screwed up. That's not his fault. That's because the tape is defective. And the station is so stupid. We won't do anything about it to fix it. I don't blame them for it. I'm not for it. Okay. I won't. But I still won't buy an empty because that's reputation stuff. It just to turn you off. Yeah. Okay. Okay. All right. Okay. We got 4,500 open lines here. All of a sudden I have no idea what it is. Maybe because I took the time out to read the Tom Jick article too bad. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. On the AT&T Wireless Line 21 till Newt and QAM. Fly day, G-flash, good. Oh, that's so cool. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. I'm not sure if I can get it. Oh, how it makes you feel fine. Just 16. Oh, beautiful. And it's mine. Work worked. I'm 45 and it's 5. She's got it, took it up at 6. I thought I'd have to keep up with 2. balls at the hurt-choon baseball and capital enough for the baseball game. Now talk about bad timing. One of our good personal friends, Corey Sabin, used to be in our sports department once you were yesterday. The first 20 minute of city did with Hank yesterday, by the way, we're really something special. I'm talking about, wow. But at any rate, Corey was in here with his lovely girlfriend, whose name is Karen. And they asked me to do a favor for them. I said, sure, no problem. And it's for a thing that Karen has involved in called H-E-L-P, help. And what they do is they help software as largely immigrant and financially disadvantaged HIV positive community. And I said, sure, I beg land to help. And then I started reading about this and I thought to myself, see you all the days talk about bad timing. But nevertheless, I'll read this anyway. And then it says, throughout the entire Miami Heat Season, each event that's held at the American Airlines Arena, the Amicke Arena, volunteers wearing help ink a peril and distributing information on helping corporate it will operate two-convenient. And then in session stands, help ink receives 10% of the proceeds from the stand. And the reason I say it's bad timing is because we talked about yesterday, the concession stands and how bad the food isn't the joints and the people we're calling in saying, well, guess what? Those aren't full-time employers, et cetera. But at any rate, it says, well, this will lead the long-term financial stability at yours, a greater purpose on a weekly basis, tens of thousands of people learn about the plight of health clients and their daily struggles and triumphs in the fight against AIDS and recognized by the community. The Arena program is taking help public visibility to new levels. It's for this reason, it says we're confident that their fourth annual fundraiser, a night of hopefully a remarkable success. Throughout the months of February and March, they'll be staging an extensive advertising campaign in the area. Fliers and tickets will also be distributed throughout the entire day of Howard and Palm Beach County areas. A night of hope will be held on April 1, 2000 at the Albion Hotel on Miami Beach from 9 PM to 1 AM and health ink is seeking corporate sponsors and friends of help to assist with the event. Specifically, they're asking that your organization donate appetizers and finger food. Maybe we'll get a hold of rocker, Howard. Finger food for the event and gifts to get for the evenings raffle. And if you'd like to help out with this or get any more information you can call Karen, that's C-A-R-Y-N, Karen Vogel and the number is 305-374-8919 at Help Ink. 305-374-8919. I always glad to help Karen and the special favorite friend, Corey Sabin, who's got some of his hair back by the way. And is doing great over there in four miars. Oh! Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. I was born in raising Africa and they come all the way back. I was older than in the country. Yes. Are you born in South Africa? Yes, I'm born. How do I guess that from your English accent? And yeah, that gives you the way ever. Right. I bet you're born in Cape Town. Yes, I'm born. Okay, like that. John, am I? Am I brighter? Yes. And then I use a tick from classes in mind reading. Uh-huh. If you want to visit, I mean, I've heard you're other good. No. I've heard you're other good. Because this morning, they were all visited different places. Right. I mean, it's a whole continent. It's a good direction. It's a gigantic. I have different places to go. And if you go to a place like South Africa, you know, you're going to get a modern city with modern transportation, system, everything. You know, it's for a high-aging, it's fun. But if you travel out into the country, you're going to get, you know, the massage, jumping up and down, people going to shower, you've got a, you know, pump your water. It just depends on where you go. The honest. But I've never had any problems and I have trouble all over the continent. So you recommended highly? No, I can't forget. No, I don't recommend it to anyone. No, no. I mean, I recommend it to certain people. You know, I wouldn't tell everybody to go because not everyone's going to like it. No, I wouldn't like it. I've been to too many good places. You know what I'm saying? I mean, with all the respect, I've been to too many places that are like, you know, enjoyable, fun, exciting, more modern, you know, you wouldn't like it. You wouldn't like it. Very nice modern hotels in Johannesburg and Cape Town. Yeah, I would enjoy Cape Town in like touring the wine country. And that sort of thing you would like very much. But I wouldn't. Some, what I can gather if you're personality, I wouldn't go into the bush. Okay, I'll see you out of the bush. Thanks a lot, sweetheart. You're welcome. I'm fine. You might best have stayed out of the bush, always. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'll leave those in John and Lex Operations to other men. I'm supposed to tell you that John Charles daily from what's my line is from South Africa. Now, he is not. That's what somebody wanted. I'll just say was he's been dead. Oh, well, what are he years? He was from there and done he dies. And then he died. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 7, 0, 5, 7, but your book of Brian's going to be upset to hear about that. Probably British bubble. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and pound 5, 60 on the ANT. Whatever that is, wireless line. Here's the lady in West Palm Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, man. No, what's going on there, you want? What diet am I on? Yeah. It's called the 2030 Fat and Fiber Diet Plan. My Gabe Morgan and my RKI in and the very fox. It's high fiber and low fat. Okay. And that's the name of the book. It's an orange book and it's got like a little chain in the upper lap 10 corner of the book. And attached to the chain is a counter to counter fat and fiber grants. We still let that scary because you don't really have to count them. As long as you keep track of what you're eating. Okay, Gabe's working in the room. A very fox. No relation to sunny. Very what? Fox. Fox. Fox. Like the animal, like, you know. All right, you then. Okay. Where can I get to school? Any book store. Any book. It's brand new. All right. Paperback orange cover. Orange or yellow. How about whatever if you unless you're colorblind. Okay. All right. And miss a good luck. Okay. 560 by the way speaking of diets and by the way also. I keep saying by the way because I got all these things piled up here. Not good friend, uh, jets or whatever his name is. It keeps facting to this stuff. It must be some kind of a clean somewhere. Keeps facting in these pictures of Rob. And he's keep. Keep. And he finally came up with a good one. That's all I can say about that. Old picture. From about the nine ten years ago when he was young and hung. I looked really, uh, you know, I talked about Rob. S.D.s in the past is a making a different. No, no, because we have no woman on the inc anyway. Except for these three African people are called here today. But anyway speaking of diets and all fairness even though Bob Lincoln was the one that fact this to me, but he got it. This is by his third hand. But it says, Ray, Dr. Ackens, a tax ground breaking press release and said is with a great sense of satisfaction. And right in the day, at long last we preliminary results from our first two official studies of the Atkins diet. These two studies here will the new phase in our work providing our critics and more importantly our supporters with scientific confirmation of the safety and efficacy of the low carb nutritional approach that I've developed over the past 30 years. Says Dr. Bob. And here's the release. It says preliminary results from two scientific studies both released today for more 18 leads to lens substantial support to the Atkins diet as an effective safe and helpful approach to weight loss. And like I said before, just because I'm not doing it or it doesn't work for me or I don't want to do it. That doesn't mean it's not great for a lot of people out there who've done very well on it. Whatever works for you. Early results from the first prospective clinical study of the Atkins diet conducted at the Droom VA Medical Center were presented today at the angle meeting of the Southern Society of General Internal Medicine in New Orleans. The second study retrospective research comes out of the Atkins Center for Compromoter Medicine in New York City. Up perhaps the greatest significance, the Droom Virginia study clearly demonstrated that the diet positively impacts on serum cholesterol levels, lowering triglycerides while significantly raising HDL commonly referred to as good cholesterol. According to the Droom VA study principle investigator, the purpose of the study was to determine the effective a very low carbohydrate diet, nutritional supplementation and exercise on body weight, serum chemistries and serum lipids over a four month period. They treated 41 mildly obese healthy community volunteers in an outpatient research clinic. The patients followed a program including reduced carbohydrate intake to fewer than 20 grams of carbs a day. The results showed that over a four month period there was the average weight loss of 21.3 pounds. There was a significant reduction in serum total cholesterol of 6.1 percent. Reduction in serum triglycerides of 39.9 percent in the cholesterol HDL ratio of 18.9 percent. And a significant increase of HDL, the good cholesterol of 7.2 percent. There were no serious adverse effects of the diet program. So here are two studies and of course you believe whatever you want to believe in all the so-called registered dietitians and also so-called nutritionists out there will continue pooping atkins and the other little carbohydrate diet. But if you can tolerate it and if it works with your system and it does okay for you, then believe me it works. I've known that for years and it brings on your cholesterol for most people and you're trying to listen like I just read. So there you go. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Okay. Nice talking to you. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Carl Springs. Hey, you. Yes sir. I got a little one that's talking about diet and what's up with the panters for a quick second. Yeah. Let's do anything about this idea. I've been throwing around because of our defensive little problems we're having here. I'm a little problem as a defense is bad. Okay. And a little controversy over our goal, Panthers here who's going to play, who's not going to play. How wide are the goalposts? How wide? I don't have any ideas. Okay. What do you want to say? I don't forget a sum of risk for men. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pop, what is it? No. That's for me. That's for a jury. Well, what's going on here? Now I have one call on the board. This is the most characteristic. Because everybody at Kinstein, what's wrong with being the at Kinstein? There are a lot of people out there interested in the goddamn at Kinstein. I may just sit back and read my goddamn, you might at Kinstein's lunch now. I might just go back on it. Just out of protest. Here's our last call on mobile and for a lot of day. Hello. Hey, Neil. I got all that ideas. Yeah, more on. I think we have to stick a sum of risk for an impact on. I think you might enjoy it. There you go. Listen, what were you reading off of there? Was that, can I print that out for computer or something? Where was that? About the Akin. It was a press release for men. Okay, that's fine. I was on the dialogue. 18 pounds is great. Well, I had to lose like 20. It was super. Let's go to Thailand. I go to Thailand all the time. I know it's a long train. I'm going to Thailand. Who's saying about going to Thailand? No, I know. I know. I go to all the time. I know you don't want to go to the leader file. No, no. That's weird stuff. I'm not going to tell you that. But the country itself is really gorgeous. I know you like Thai food. I have to be a great Thai food right here. I don't have to go to Thailand. I'm trying to use food too, but that don't mean I'm going to China. The main reason you didn't want to go, I remember was because of the long trip. But when you go from the Europe side, like if you're an Amsterdam or Germany where we're going, you know, there's like an eight-hour shot, which isn't really bad. Yeah. And you're going to be 16 hours. Yeah. Yeah, you probably right. Because it's actually like 20 to get different here. Which is a thing. It's not going to be 20 hour flights. I know what you don't need. You can see it like five-star hotels. Like a three-star price. The service is super. The country is gorgeous. I think you'd have a good time if it's a ticket out. No. No, how well. How about five. Thanks anyway. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, six, seven, five. Pound five, six, the only 18-T wireless line out of Thailand. 877-785-6345. The Neil Roger show. You'll support radio. Five, six, eight, six, eight. And you can play. I'm gonna have a good five-star day out. Hey, believe this. This is Chris Rattinson of Black Crosin. I used to wear 92 pounds. I was a cow man. Then I'd gun on the slim crash diet. Now I'm a deadly grim 48 pounds. It's great. The slim crash diet is so easy. I have a deep breath for breakfast. A deep breath for lunch. And a sensible, marbrosigar at Ferdinner. The slim crash diet is fast. And look, no more shove in my fingers down my throat. Like it fits. The slim crash, the official diet of anorexic looking rock bands. Like the black crow. From the makers of the key three-triggered neutra heroin diet. The beans as direct. So our close friend, the Shannon, was just telling me she was standing at the will call at the Mcarrirn of the other day. We didn't get her hockey tickets. And Anna Cronohol was hanging around. And I think kind of like the blizzard and two because she had to move to another window. She was at the wrong window. Oh, I have to get in that line. Back to you. Anna Cronohol. Yeah. Yeah. Shannon also, by the way, to Miracle, she can get that story out. Because she's in mourning. Because Kevin and Brian are engaged to be married from the back door boys. Five, six, seven, oh, five. First of all, she's much too old for the Mcstreet boys. Okay. Too old for the back door boys. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60. I know what you're going to say. Pound five, 60 on the AT&T. You're never too old to be a fag. Okay. Just keep that in mind, George. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. What's the cut offage? Cut off 110. Oh, okay. Well, I'm in there. I like the Mcstreet boys. Yeah. I'm 32. Are you a fag? No. Okay. Well, I've never used my answer. Because George always says there are no straight males who like the back street boys. Well, I'll be honest with you. I didn't like them until I started going out with my current Beyonce. I think you're Beyonce, yeah. Yeah. So, you know, she likes them. So, you know, I mean, I know it's good. It's good. It's good music. It is great music. I agree. I bet you if you tie George down and have like a true serer minimum. And then you have to tell you the truth. You have to admit it. Sorry. He, no. He already admitted he liked the up there. Three singles are going. Five. I wanted that way. No, you had already admitted you liked that. Oh, but everybody likes that one. I bet you he likes that new one too. And I'm very lucky. And I guarantee. And by the way, since he was finally admitting when I was on vacation about some of the good music that I liked, like the Blood Hound gang and about the, oh, I finally heard that song by the Blood Hound gang. Oh, and the Blood Hound gang. Oh, and the Blood Hound gang. And news about that. By the way, bad touches that they actually are showing the video on MTV and on the box. Now, how do you like that? People that even though the animal's pumping the show in the video show. And since I was the first one to say that this was going to be a, a drug addict single from that album. And another example of how I know my crap. I said great song. Even though the video was very morbid and depressing, but it's a great song. Well, one more thing, Neil. I just want to say make the comment that sports used to be fun in this town when there was only one sports show on and it was a beefbow at six o'clock. Yeah, when I would used to have the six to late PM us sports show, right? And then that was your fill. You have, you know, the three or four hours of a sports and that was it. And you didn't get oversaturated with these ridiculous calls. I mean, and I also, I don't like the phone call. I wish I put to the morning show would be a 10 times better show if they stopped those. Hey, well, I've told them that a million times. What are they? There's three guys. They've got eight million spots first of all. They've got three guys to talk and then they have all the guests on. So what in the world do they have to have phone calls and put stupid richie from Boris head on and totally agree. And really the jet span and all these other annoying terminally obnoxious guys that they like to think are really funny and have it a good Gameless. Have you ever listened to the FBN radio and Saturday something once in a while? Yeah. It's pretty entertaining. It's okay until that laughing jackass Tony Bruno comes on and so that's fake force Lattery as he is a jackass. And there he is. I don't care what he has to do. But I would be respect to my close personal friend Hank. I mean, maybe he's got naked pictures of Hank or something. But Tony Bruno's a jerk on the air. Oh, my Hank is a ESPN's sucker on sometimes. Well, maybe he's got to be, you know. I don't know why I heard him take a shot of some of their radio people. So he's, you know, he's making a prescribed. All right. Have a great day, sir. Yeah. Stop by the way recommending that I may actually go to Thailand. Okay. I'm not a child molester. I'm not a kid in children. Anybody it calls and tells me I should go to Thailand. You're not fooling me. I know that you're a pedophile. Okay. A pederist, a pedophile, a pedophile, a pedophile, whatever. A Negro file. Negro fold. 5.670. 5.60. Pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line. Had a couple of interesting calls there about Africa. I mean, that's in late in that spec, tacky. It's obvious I'm not going to go there. Anybody else may audience want to go there except the one guy that's already going to go? No. No. See, like I said yesterday, you only got so many weeks vacation. Did I say that today or sometimes recently, like in the last few seconds? So, you know, you have to be judicious about where you go. First of all, you have to go where you can afford to go. Like, you know, North Carolina. But if you have a few bucks, you go to Vegas. You go to places where you're going to have a good time. And I realize we don't all like the same thing. But it just tears my guts out when I get off of the airport when I come back. And I see all these people getting off of plane from Toronto or wherever the gear I land. And they're at Atlanta. And all these cruise ship passels are there holding up their signs. And they all congregate around that like a bunch of flamingos at feeding time, you know. And they're sloughing them off on the bus right down there to the port to stick them out more of these cruise ships. And then they're going to wind up getting screwed more often than that. I don't see that they have any complaint coming. I mean, if people are that stupid, if you're that dumb, that you're going to get on a stupid ship out there in the middle of nowhere. In the middle of some body of water. And then all kinds of stuff happen. And fires happen and you might have gone to the wrong destination and tornadoes and hurricanes and all the other stuff. I have no pity for you. It's a racket. It's a scam. It's vacations for dumb people who don't know how to have a good time. Just don't think of all the great places there in it. They're still our a gin in places I like to go that I haven't had the time to go yet. And sure I keep going to a lot of the same places over and over again. Because like I have limited amount of time. I want to make sure I have a great time. I go to Amsterdam. I know I'm going to have a great time. I go to Berlin. I know I'm going to have a great time. Wrong. Whatever it is. But I'd love to see Zillions of other places. I'd like to see other places in France besides Paris. People tell me that outside of Paris, the people are much different. It's beautiful. It's a great country. Which I'm not so sure of, but nevertheless, I'd like to find out. I'd like to see someplace in Spain besides Madrid. Which like Madrid, for example, like going to Little Havana. It's all that it's sailing. It's pasty. It's bad. It's supposed to go to Barcelona. Barcelona, but I don't have a lift yet. I'm working on my lift. I work on my custody. Do it all right. Am I doing okay. I have to get JP to teach me. And the lift, too, elected work on it. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. World in a long, six and a half. That last guy who's absolutely correct these. These in session sports shows I realize or don't care. Try to carve out a living. I don't be right, anybody. But so much sadness. How many ways can you say the same God damn thing? And like I've also said before in the morning, this is the suck around, but it's true. Hank comes on here and I love going home listening to Hank rambling on. I love that. Yesterday I didn't love it because Cory was in there and they were trying to be funny and it wasn't. But nevertheless, I enjoy that. It's great radio. It's fun. But as soon as those callers start coming in, the gambling callers and the callers that want to pseudo intellectualize, oh, who's going to be the right garden, who's wearing a right garden, who's spraying it. It's terminal. It's kaka. awful. I'd rather hear Hank talking about vagus and about strippers and about a million other things. Anything. How many ways can you say the same thing? You know what I'm talking about? I think you do. Uh huh. How do I get involved with that? I want to get my nice lunch. And by the way, I'm out. I'll talk about lunch later. Now sure, I don't want to look at your divorce in the month and I live our friends at Tony's in there after the only one guilty of this. But the fact is that I'm getting off the meat. Okay. There's only one kind of meat that I'm interested in and you won't find it in the supermarket. Well, unless it's, you know, pack in the groceries. You're packing it. I'm getting away from meat. And in a salad, why do you have to have meat in a salad? Whoever heard a such a thing. In a chef salad, there's him. Do I want to chef salad? No, no thanks. And see, off to a figure part. Andy Pothto has the meat. That's correct. Although there are kinds of Andy Pothto's that don't have me. Will they have like smoked peppers? Pepper or Chini? Come on, it's past noon at 5.50 WQMs. Neal Rogers. Ah. Hail Mary's no leg. Forget about it. But maybe it's like a kiss of the back of the barrel. Yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. She's one bad sister that takes no crap. And she's got the biggest loss of them all. And she's got the next one. I can't go back in for a... We can't get out of here. Yeah. Right. Whatever happens, good news. I'm not gonna ask you. I think the rosary, like none chuts, able to toss a Bible with a precision of an inch of star. Well, yeah. She's one-in-chut. Who's master? Is the man upstairs? What the hell are you talking about? Come on, come on. Come on. Hey, sir, what do you do with the arrow's near you? Patrick's been at 5.60 WQM happy Friday, too. I mean, what's wrong with being a vegetarian? I'm not talking about being a strict, because I think that if you get to be too strict and anything when it comes to a diet, that you knew you saw for the service. But what's wrong with having, like, just a little meat once in a while? Do you know what I'm saying? What's wrong with that? And like, earlyening all these fatty, cool cuts, and all this other stuff? Even if you're doing the acupun... And there's nothing any adkins that that's just... You've got to eat a lot of fat. You can eat all the lean meats that you want. And then the low fat and the low fat cheeses that you want. Shelfest, that doesn't have any fat. All of that good stuff. All of these things. But why is it that people constantly are unloading on this cheese and meat? Meat and cheese? I'm talking about heavy fatty stuff. I don't want no heavy fatty stuff, okay? So thanks again to our close personal friends at Tony's Brad and all the very nice people over there for a wonderful lunch today. And I don't want to make them feel bad. Because, you know, I didn't have to eat the meat that I eat it. No! Tell me, I've turned it in the way it's basket. Which is... The pizza shirt is great though, which I mean. Yeah. Well, on their pizza sensational at Tony's, at 190 or third north west side. Right. But it's just that when you want to go vegetarian, it's hard to find places to understand what a real salad is. A salad is like good greens and vegetables and stuff. And the peppers and tomatoes and, you know, little red cherry tomatoes. Stuff like that. All of these good things. Which I happen to be very fortunate. I like those things. Sure, I'd rather go out and eat a goddamn two or three pints of bread and cherry fish. But I'm off of that this week. Got any pepper and cheese left over? Yes, I do, as a matter of fact. You ain't getting them. Oh. Why would you want that? Now, what is that? You got a big salad. You got a big Greek salad. George, by the way, is doing Greek for lunch. And he's also got a big pizza there. And you want me to want my pepper and she need? You leave my pepper and she need alone until the gel comes in here, okay? And it's bigger than that. And if he was just telling me about the appearance ahead and not the appearance to the QA in Venice today, I had that place packed. They were packing it because I kept the hitting that Miguel was there. And I'm not talking about Luis. See, this is the one thing about the fags in this audience. And we have a couple out there. Two or three or we got a couple here in there. They're listening to closet. But when I tell them that somebody looks good. They run. They fly. They float. And I do mean fly without wings. And they say, oh, yeah, he was right again as usual. I had impeccable taste. Phenomenal. So when I tell you that, whether in a matter of what it is, if it's a woman like Christina Aguelerif, that's what that is. And I tell you, she's a skanky, scrawny bitch. And there are guys that call up this show and say, oh, yeah, I wouldn't mind banging her. Hey, more power to your pal. Because I hear that the guy from TRL, what's his name that I can't stand him or his car's in the daily. Who gives me a daily headache, which I don't watch that anymore. He's the one that supposedly banging on her now. I'm maximating purgatory. I mean, for crying out, and of course, she's like I said to Joe when you were in vacation. Some people like that mouse he looks. That's what she's got. She has the mouse he looks like. Like Diana, they used to be I'm guiding light before she killed everybody. But that's a pay to the guy of the country. But Vanessa, remember because she's in the coma. 560, 750, 50, 50, palm five 60 on the AT&T Wireless Line. So many wonderful places to go and so many dumb people out there. Taking their vacation money, their hard earned dollars and going to Africa, going on cruises, going to Thailand, to chase little girls and little boys. Here's a Palm Beach, hello. Palm Beach. Yes sir. Speaking of Christina, real quick I was saying Louis about three weeks ago. And I think he cares the relative. And a fan of the game was on ESPN and guess who was doing the play by play. Christina Aguilar. Christina Moron. I know that, I don't even see him. And I had to turn the volume down. Moron. Moron. Hey, real quick man. I have been to Africa. I've been all through Europe. I've been Italy, France, 17 countries. Africa, I've been to Egypt and Morocco. It's Egypt as well. However, the ruins and whatnot that you get into the south and on the side I are just incredible. Things like that interest you. It's definitely worth the trip, but I don't think that would really be. Well, I can see phenomenal things like that in Rome and still have great food. No, I know. I've heard a thing I enjoyed about Rome and anybody that goes to Rome until sorry if they think they're going to get it all in in a week because you're not. There's just so much to see over there. I've been there twice and I still didn't get to finish everything. I've been there 50 times and I still haven't seen them. Most of what I'd like to see. If you want, well, go back one of the thing to answer your question. It's a wide East people where we smell in these countries. It's very simple. I'm not the one that said that. The caller from who was in Africa. It's just a very simple reason for that. And that these people don't make a lot of money and toothpaste, toilet paper and deodorant is left on their shopping list. Uh-huh. That's why they don't use it. That's the plain simple thing. It's like the brits. I guess the brits are making a lot of money because they're giving it all to the world family. And so the brits can't afford going to a dentist. That's why they have rotten yellow teeth. That's for me, no, that's probably Dick. Probably. Yeah. And totaled the whole lonely vat off. Listen, I lived for in Spain for over a year. I went to the university for a year and then I've been back after that for a couple of months. And if you, because you mentioned you'd been there and you'd like to see other places there. Madrid was a very disappointing meeting. I don't know. You're going to get that in any major city, okay? What do you mean by that? Oh, what I'm saying is that there are other things. Where is it? Where is it? Rome is a lot bigger than Madrid. Well, that's true. But Spain has so much to offer. You've got civil, you've got Granada, you've got Barcelona. Barcelona. You've got the back country. But in France. It's breathtaking. You go into the staff and go to Granada. Then you go over to... If you want to see more in France. Go to Granada. I thought we already blew them off the man. Oh, you want to see more in France. I would recommend. And you can gamble going to Monacoa. Yeah. The rest taking a little city. Very nice. I've been there twice. Well, princess Grace be there. Uh, yeah. I think they brought her up some time. She's going out. One last thing. You, you know, you talked about... You talked about reindeer. You talked about McCain. You talked about Bush. Okay. Uh, I rarely rarely rarely rarely ever disagree with you. But I'll tell you what. I've listened to John McCain. I've watched... I'm a registered Democrat. Yeah. Watch the debate. This guy is not a religious nut. I'm a way man. I didn't... I didn't... I don't know. I just... I just... But his voting record in the Senate and all of his position papers. If... if you don't just listen to all the tried BS, he's a right winner. He's a... he's a... he's a... Straight down the line. You know what? You know why this is huge ground swell to support this man is because he pisses off every Republican in the party. Yeah. But when I hear them talking about the Reagan Democrats that he appeals to, what kind of a real Democrat would have ever voted for Reagan? Reagan? Reagan was a right wing lunatic. And the fact he wasn't even a right wing lunatic thing was just a face man for a bunch of right wing lunatics. Even if you talk about the issues and I'll tell you what. McCain has come out against campaign finance reforms, paying down the debt, dropping up. You know what? You'd be people. They don't understand. You've worked with George Bush, okay? And you're going to have this trickle-down, Reaganomics. You're going to inflate the debt just like Reagan did during those years. And everything's going nice now. But I'll tell you what. George Bush can send you. Yeah. He can back over at tax money, okay? But you know what? That's money that would be better spent paying off the debt, in short. I get what you did here. What I said yesterday, I said if I were Republican, which I'm not. And I had a Tuesday be no choice. I'd vote for McCain early and often. I over Bush. Bush is a bubble hit who stands for nothing. And is again just a puppet of a bunch of a financial movement. And when he's asked? A tax robber. When he's asked a tough question, he stutters. He's damaged. Yeah. No, no. So when he's asked any question, forget about tax. And he's asked any question. And the only thing he's got to talk about now is how McCain is attacking him and running his uncountable ads and comparing him to Clinton. He has no issues to talk about because he doesn't stand for anything. No. And that's exactly it. And basically McCain came out and with Gary Bower, who I know you can't stand. Oh, but no. Yeah. Yeah. And let me ask you. How does that drive with what you just told me? He's not a religious doctor. He's not a very power in the worst thing. I'll tell you exactly what. Yeah. Because whenever anybody is a contender, whenever they drop out of the risk, bad of the race, due to lack of popularity, they always come out and they always throw their support for somebody. Doesn't mean that McCain asked before it because quite frankly, I'm sure McCain could have hated me. But why would Gary Bower give a tip when we know where Gary Bower is coming from? Who you would have to admit is not just right. It's the same thing as Michael Jordan. You actually think that Michael Jordan makes a difference in the political process. No. But he came out and he backed up. Michael Jordan wasn't running for president. No, no. But my point is that Michael Jordan coming out and backing Bill Bradley, what does that mean? That means nothing. I mean, they both play basketball. Exactly. So it doesn't mean anything. Okay. It doesn't mean it. I don't see where the harm is in Michael Jordan, whether he's political or not. There are a lot of celebrities in Louis Starr that endorsed candidates every election. But that's not comparable to a phonetical right. We're not like Gary Bower endorsing John McCain. He must be all of John McCain's policy. You've got to understand one other thing. It's just like the media. Anybody can come out and say anything to anyone. As long as there's a bunch of cameras and reporters there, they're going to listen. So he can come out and say anything he wants. Well, it's obvious to me you're sold and you know, you're not. I don't know. I look. I'm a political junkie. I watched these, these, incipit debates and everything. And I try honestly to make the best decisions. I really do. But to me, I'm a registered Democrat. But I don't vote party lines like everybody else. I think that's a bunch of BS. I think people need to vote for the person that they think is going to do the best. Well, the Republican party decides that they want to appeal to like mainstream America. Not just a bunch of rich, ali, just right wing lunatics. Then I'd be more than glad to consider some of their candidates. But they haven't shown that to me. I'll tell you what. I think you need to really take a look. Or at least read a few articles. Something about McCain. See what you have. I just got through talking yesterday about the fact I read one coming back on a plane to Atlanta about his voting record in the Senate. And it's enough to terrify somebody like me. Well, every single issue that I could imagine talking about. He's a diametrically opposed or more I'm coming from. I know the thing is, I don't think anybody would think into a country. And he's got a track where he's got a voting record. It's not like we're making a separate theorizing that maybe he thinks this and maybe he thinks that it's all right there. It is voting record in the Senate. Well, I just love the fact. Like I said before, I think the biggest appeal to John McCain is fact that he just pisses off every staunch or public in the country. And that doesn't mean he's going to get my vote. It's an I like him for the fact that he's sitting there. Only hit hit hit hit the critical prize. Thought holes that went through all this Clinton stuff. He's finally. Well, at least he put the Goose in there. Played anyway. Have a great day sir. Yeah. Yeah. That was another one. Another example of somebody sticking their foot in there. About to read about that where he called the. The Vietnamese. The North Vietnamese Goose. He ought to be able to. But that's not the point. And then of course he had to clarify he's only talking about his captors when he was a prisoner of war and not just everybody with slandey eyes like all those other groups. I mean, you just don't say those things. It's like Ross Pro. You people, you people, you're darkies out there. You're not fooling anybody. Come on. But there you know, McCain and a lot of there's no question about he's got that appeal because he's different. He's a war hero and he's a wise guy and he makes a lot of wise cracks. And because he's not George Bush, the same thing like that bill Bradley thing we played in the beginning. A lot of people like Bill Bradley. They had no idea what he stood for because he wasn't boring. Al Gore. Then they find out he's more boring than Al Gore and much uglier by the way. Oh, you notice who won the best looking contest. Al Gore was number one. That's easy. Yeah. Exactly. Is this that makes sense? It doesn't have to be. Forbes were still in the race. He changed the complex. 26 past known at 560 WQA. It's Friday. You. There's. One, two, three, four, five. Come on over hunting now. Come and take a drive to my big house in Chaffett. Wow. We can both get Jews to maybe a little time amount. The watch is on business. She's out for a week. I'm like a kid in a candy store. It sounds like she'd like to have pretzel. Not dog soap there and pizza. You remember when a billet you're leaning tower pizza. It's gonna be a wild time not to home in New York. Just to meet their own cheating psychosport. I'm just like, I'm so good. I'm an open hunting now. Throw on my trumpet. A little bit of a bonfire in my mouth. A little bit of a bonfire tell you about my wife. Now a little bit of a bonfire tell you what I see. When she's brought away that silver rate. A little bit of bonfire tell you what I mean. A little bit of bonfire tell you what I mean. A little bit of bonfire tell you what I mean. You're not pretty too if I'm sick. You don't know what's really great though. It's just you probably don't like it. Forget about squash. You ever had that? No, I don't think I have. You've never had it. You know what it is? No. Some kind of squash. Yeah. If you like squash, anything? Well, but this doesn't taste like regular squash. Squashes like mushy. Right. I don't like that either. But spaghetti squash is like a big squash that you slice it open. Inside has all these strands. Ooh. That looks like pasta. How do you cook it? You scoop it all out. You throw away the seeds. And you could just like you would cook anything else. Just heat it up. Just warming up. You can put anything on it. I'd take my loaf. My no fat pasta sauce, which is all kinds of now. Very good ones in the supermarket. You take your no fat pasta sauce. And some parmesan cheese. Put it on there. It's delicious. It's great. All right. I'm going to just tell you spaghetti squash for people that are on this low fat high fiber diet. People that are on the actin. I mean, it's good for low and carbohydrates. It's low and anything. You can eat almost unlimited amounts. It's great. There's more than one way to slice your ass. I'm telling you that right now. For people that are locked in oldies. Why do I make? Why do I eat? Yeah, eat this. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We're going to cultivate some new places, some salad places for meals in here from out. You know what I'm talking about? We'll find some places that specialize in like real salad stuff. Here's a mobile and North Miami. Hello. Mobile in North Miami. Gone. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Mobile in Bokeh. Yeah, nail? Yes, sir. Yeah, that's not me. I stopped by this. You're waiting there at the game. I said, I might have a ticket if you wanted it. Yeah. Yeah, I have one for Monday. I don't know how they would get it. They'd have to come. Obviously, they'd pick it up or watch it. I know it's a little weight. I just ran out today. What are you going to be there tomorrow? No, I'm not. That's why I'm calling. Remember on the photographer. I just got called. I have to go up for another assignment. So I won't be able to do that. Well, how do I get the ticket? I know. I think it's. If anybody really wanted it if you want. I can, you know, up here, give my number. They can call me and I'll leave it someplace. Oh, you're going to be making a bad mistake, my friend. Yes, me. You want to do that. Okay, well, I figured I'd try it. I appreciate it. But we'll do it next time. Okay, when you give it to me at the game. You know what? Yeah. Well, if I have a man at the time, I'll hand it to you. If you'll have a lot easier. Right. Okay. Thanks a lot. You're welcome. Hi. Hey, this is a good guy. He's got to know we've got a chance to use his ticket. He's in a, from now on, would you like me to help give you the ticket? You give him away. Oh, no, never again unless it's maybe a date with McGill and I'm not getting it. 560505060, Pont 560 on the AT&T line. Is that a weed book that you're reading in here? I see, I see, I see something. It looks like a picture of, yeah, of some grotesque cannabis plant they're under front. The mirror, one afraid by Floyd H. Goodman. I discovered that on the new and dichuishes, one of the main shopping streets right next to the Damraken Amsterdam. They have like another, oh, what the hell is the name of that store? The word cannabis is in the name of the store. And that's another like good, gigantic head shop. And it's right there in the middle of like all the, you know, your regular shops. It's great. 560505060, Pont 560, course it's not as exciting as conscious dreams with those magic mushrooms. You just sit across the screen. You just stick, you know, it's not the window. You open up the door. Wow, it smells something really good coming from that joint. So to speak. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, it's on vacation. I haven't heard you in years. You sound great and healthy. I am. I just wanted to, the caller a couple of colors. You sounded pretty intelligent. He's well traveled and that's what surprised you about his support on the cane. If you've been in Europe any time, I mean, any Republican is considered a Nazi in Europe. I mean, your a painter, our, our, almost all, going social democratic now with Blair and. And they're, I mean, the whole thing has to be, of course, where they never met a Nazi that they didn't like. You know, but, you know, the still their social programs are still way to the left of any. We have years far as medical care and every night. I mean, the Republicans, you know, oh, you can't on medical care, you know, sort of band it on it. Well, what's face is the Republican Party in this country has been taken over years ago, 20 years ago, and 1980, basically, by the religious right by a bunch of, phonetics, but a very limited agenda tax cuts for the wealthy blowing up abortion clinics. Let's, you know, scapegoat the blacks and women and fags in the city. And then the Republican Party is not for mainstream American and hasn't been to. And I, and I don't what apologized publicly because I voted for Reagan back in the year, but that's the, the get a quarter. Look what happened with Carter. Yeah, well, he was a punch. And the thing is, the whole, I was of, I'm a formary, so as a vet, I looked at McCain for about a microsecond, but like, hey, I, I give him a lot of cutos for his service. Yeah, but I don't care what you were, if your policies are going to be anti, everything I stand for. And he's a human, that's correct. So, and, and of course, I'm sure the Asian's, like, is a group comment if you've been reading about that. Yeah, so I probably figured around a lot of Chinese people in South Carolina is not worried about it right now. You know, I'm a big, I'm a big, I'm a big, I'm a big, I'm a big, I'm a, of course, a porter. And, you know, he's got his faults, but he's better than what the Republicans are putting on the plate. Amen. Thanks a lot, Neil. And have a great day. Plus, what's wrong with Albert Gore in the Tipper 2? Isn't there some clever way we can do that to be canoeing Tyler 2? We're going to come up with a, to Tipper 2 thing? Huh, you won't have to worry about any illicit sex or any other kind. Go on on the White House when that couple gets in there. She's anti sex. She's anti everything. She's anti-aporned record lyrics in your record. She's anti-human is what she used that bitch. How about our first lady that, you know, has got something? She's got some mental illnesses. Remember, lady, turd? Oh, seriously, don't, well, when's the last time Jackie Kennedy? I mean, she's the top of the A, but they didn't tell play. She was a high-paid slot. Jackie Kennedy, professional whoer. Ellen, I'm reading more and more by the way. Not that I give her crap about John John. Not that the American public finally realized that he wasn't important after all. But more and more, I'm reading that she was banging on asses before he was born John John. Had a lot of people believe he was the father. He had that Greek look about it. He sure did. He didn't look like any of the candidates like anybody also to family. Said that thick, brillo we here. Right, exactly. Didn't look like a JFK or Bobby or Teddy or any of those other people. He looked Greek to me. That's what I'm hearing. He was big into, back to Greek life. 21, before one, it's five, 60, WCM. Of course, like I told you, you know, we never know the truth about anything. I mean, what you see is never what you get. It's just, they have to, they just, look everything up and the package it for you and the presented in the way that Think is palatable and romantic and exciting for the American public. And if we ever knew what was really going on, we probably would like all say, Yeah. Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer and you're listening to it. A cover weekday, afternoon to two sports radio 560 QAF. I know that the Lord even loves Neil Rogers. So, the time when he had an auto clinic or  a business deal in the US. Why is he really going to be such a great day, Which relies on just that. A great day, and a mission inside of Alok. Zukac eyebrows6 Ryutansa's new Disapp its top Yuh I'm recording right now And hate me myself You can't get around I'm this Stop here You didn't go on your faces but kind of going for it but prior to you But that been aOUTyu Jungjim Okay, here's the fact that this is what the matter with WWEWD. You have got that commyzed it down. It's only been down for what two years. Our website is neorodgers.com. Okay, you have got that comm is been down for what? 175 years. It's been down something like that. Huh? Get with it. Okay. You guys out there get with it. They put grum. Don't forget the poll question. Oh, yeah. Whatever happened with that. I know why we're not going to get much response because I forgot to keep pumping it. Maybe they're pumping it at the telehancy in Gainesville. Yeah, who's getting more ass? Where's the a better nightlife? Who's getting the the better action? The assembinals or the gators? Telehancy or Gainesville? The arrogers.com cast your vote. And they'll look at it just like a football game. And that's the way this will never get an honest answer. You're going to get an honest answer from college kids about who's getting late. No, high school kids. No. No. All the great locker room stories. We all know how that goes. And the more the ones that say they're getting late the most, they're not getting any. And the ones who just keep it real quiet will walk around smile on all the time. They're the ones getting late like four times a day. Here's a gentleman named Paul who's from Africa. A country called Cameroon Rimes with Cone and West Africa. I know it will. See one of the great things when I was a kid. I was a stamp collected. You ever collect stamps? You've got to come and finish the upper. You don't have to be. It wasn't expensive hobby. But it cost money. Oh yeah. A little bit more than I had. But anyway, and I got to know the names of all of these countries and all the British colonies. Of course, this is back when it were British colonies and all of these other places including the Africa owners. And now you look at them at for the world. And you say, what is that? What kind of a name of a country is this? Do you know what I'm talking about? I mean, Kazakhstan. I know that word where that is because, you know, the Maple Leafs who got a player who's from Kazakhstan. That's where we have to know that. Nick Antropov. Are we going to talk about hockey again? No. No. Okay. Are least going to win anymore games this year? No. Well, it's been fun. Anyway, he says a country named Cameron and West Africa. Cameron and Canada are the only two bilingual countries in the world. Let's speak French and English. French and English. Yeah. But he liked that. Population of about 15 million people. We just won the African Nations Cup in soccer for the third time and to get to keep the cup we were fourth in the world soccer at the 1990 World Cup in Italy. I'm challenging you to buy a round trip ticket to visit Cameron. No. And see for yourself. No. So through you, many people will get to know Cameron by putting it on the air. I love you showing everybody my family. Be listening to you. We are done to meet you in person until your picture is in taste about Cameron. No. I am also a guy I'm having for the past two years living well. Please, I want you to visit us and get to know my people from Africa. No. Please call me and it's got a number here. Date County number. Here's my home number. You won't regret getting their no me and my family. I love your show to greet your philosophy and ideas of life. Let's meet and see what comes of it. No. It says Paul no point. He's got a family George. You give me a look like that because he says what comes of it. You're just, I'm sorry. By the way, am I going to meet Paul? No. But thanks for the facts. Paul. Thanks for listening and have a great life. And look at his jet throw the chronic faster. He's the one that asked me. Neil Goddard. What is wrong with you, Jester? The facts. The website is newrogynous.com. God damn it. All the three wide and what have you until the last few laps. And again, when the checker flag goes in the air, those dry hours. Once again, we'll be thinking of victory and there'll be three wide. But at least the next 40 50 laps, this race will come down a little bit. But until the crash, I mean, the first physical problem. And they've called a baby. Well, spectacular. Yeah. That's what we're running. Little problem and day total. Crash in the stands. There and other put in the offense back together. And back up again. We don't know how many people got hurt. And what's going on? We've heard on that on the facts here. Auto racing. I love Joe Costello. You're a great guy. Joe, you're one of my favorite people. You're a sensational good-a-tide in Boeve. You know something this auto racing. Crat. Pure on a dump-errated, make no mistake about it. Right. For people just waiting to see some kind of a horrific crash. It either these are rubber knickers. I mean, at least it's great. We get these rubber knickers off the main highway that we have to drive and try to stay alive on. And we can't read them all in one big place. And then once in a while somebody has a horrible crash and they go through one of those fences and up in a crowd and kill a bunch of people, etc. So on. So I think you'll find that the biggest problem is the biggest mail-a-s that you'll have at so-called sporting events are at auto racing and soccer. Places where they have these enormous stadiums where they have 100,000 people, things like that. You don't talk to them about. And then of course they put all these people in places that aren't safe. Like a lot of these rickety old soccer stadiums in Europe and the Latin America where they're falling apart. And they get a crush of people trying to move and wonder whether the other or a fistfight starts. And then all of a sudden the whole thing crumbles and we have 40 people get killed and 180 people get injured. Now when you sit at home and watch on TV with a, you know, shut up, you're on sitting in front of you and nice, a key anti. And so a phabobine. Yeah, what's wrong with some phabobines on the salad, huh? What's wrong with that? 560, 505, 60, pound, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. Two huge stories. Okay. Number one. One of the guys from frozen cons that Dolphin's about to sign a month on page five six five see in the front. One of the guys who's written up in there. Yeah. The guy who beat up the graphic infectious Christian who beat up the two, beat up the guy real bad in the far. Yeah. It's in five see in the right. And last month Larry King, they did a whole hour on Jews are going to help it. They don't believe in Jesus. The whole hour was there. They had a Jewish for Jesus. I had from this other bathroom to wrap on home. It was fantastic. The rabbi was like, you need a Jewish girl who died in the hall across you goes to hell. And they go, yeah. The whole show. And they leave it to a good Jewish boy like Larry King to put that crap on again. Who never met a right wing Christian or Muslim life. It was good for people to see it because I think it's next month that this other practice is going to Chicago has to convert the Jews and the Muslims and everybody. Yeah. And they already worked on the Jews. Now the next they're working on the rest of the Christians and the more men's in Africa to welcome this. One more thing you have to do for the month. You had a guy about three months ago. We're talking about how the Christians can explain the dinosaurs. It was a show. I want a Christian station. Now you're not talking about the kids' feet or the quarterback, are you? No. It was a Christian's actually believed that dinosaurs didn't have millions of years ago. They were in the garden of Eden. I'm swear to God, that was on the on the lion. Tucker. Yeah. I don't understand it. It says, um, a deferred sentence. What does that mean? He received a national attention during a senior season at Texas Christian University. When he and three teammates were charged with this severe beating of a fellow student outside of Fort Worth Bar, Ryan Boyd suffered a fractured skull and facial paralysis during the altercation. In 1998 he was given a five year deferred sentence, a suspended sentence, and find five thousand dollars. He was required to pay 9677 dollars in restitution and complete 80 hour, 800 hours of community. Service before that incident. He was accused in two other bar brawls and charged with public intoxication for another incident. I think like that. So it's great to see that even Joe, though Jimmy is left. Dave wants that is continuing looking for every criminal that he can find from coast to coast. Thank God for that. Okay. I'm closing. What are dinosaurs and Noah's arc? Sure. And you see the scene who had the shovel concession. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Here's the same God that created the universe. And instead of just waving his little magic wand to his pinky or whatever it is, there is whatever he's got. And saying, hey, look at this. Here's this big cruise ship, Noah. And you don't have to go out and work yourself up to a sweat because you took as you get in drunk anyway. All of a sudden, look at this. Here's the two of every is right there on. I just wave my hand. They're all on the ship ready to go. All you got to do is steer. And there's even a few steer on there too. I wouldn't give you a bum on. But no, Noah had to go out there. What is little hammer? Would all his little primitive tools? And he built this gigantic arc. Woo! Nice going there, Noah. And he pitched it. Without him, I heard he pitched the fit. Is what I heard. Well, I'll actually have him as he pitched the tent and then got pitched the fit. Yeah, that's what hand-tent. Hold man like Noah. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. I mean, anybody who believes those stories. What can I say? How do we get through to you? How do we get through to your fertile little mind? How do we open it up again? Maybe with a can opener. We can open up your brain again and pour some sense of there and make you realize these silly fables, these idiotic things. And that's why these right wing Republicans with their religious hoax focus. What you won't find many of the places like at least in Western Europe. Except, of course, in Northern Ireland. Look at what a good job it's doing there. Yeah. And what have I always told you? Here's the 800th piece treaty in Northern Ireland down the toilet. Here's the 45,000th Middle East piece treaty just in my lifetime down the toilet. How can you have peace between groups of religious fanatics who've decided that the other people are going to burn and hell in their mortal enemies? Does it make any sense to make? No. No. Here's a lady in the gable. Hello? Yes, man. Hi. How are you doing? I wanted to tell you first of all I'm a lady Panther and I'm taking my kids the first Panther game tonight. All right. Are you going tonight? Are you going tonight? And I'm going tonight? No, tomorrow. I'm going tonight. I'm going to ask you to go there tonight. You'd be the real reason for it. Well, I'm getting prepared tonight for tomorrow. I'll say I was going to say at least we're not going to lose tonight anyway. I guarantee that. Absolutely not. Second of all, I like to say about the spaghetti squash. If you cut it in half, you put them all the way on it. You can either spray if you like spray or just regular olive oil. I love olive oil. Put in the oven for, um, so we get soft about 350 degrees and get soft and you, um, scrape it out. It's just like spaghetti. Yeah, all right. I love it. It's awesome. That's how you cook it, George. And it's good for you too. It's great for you. Yeah, it's great. Anyway, and, um, now go Panther and you're doing a great job. And I also wanted to say, George, it's a okay job all you're going. You've got to use my little doesn't feel, but he kind of was rooting me today on the folks so well. I'll see you mumbles a little bit, but you know, he's having a great day. Thank you. You two. Okay. Bye bye. I've got to see you mumbles a little bit because I'm, you know, five, six, seven, oh, five. Exactly. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60, pound, five, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. And the out of town line is 877, 785, 63, 45. And it might just point out to you by the way, and this rating, there just came out in December, which was like the middle of November to the middle of December. We had an off-stating month and George was on for a week during that period of time. I was away. That was one of my vacations. So how do you like that? All these assholes out there that are always giving them a hard time. And all of those tapes, we love those tapes. Every time we would play the best in the L tapes, when I used to go on vacation, we would have a week in the middle of the ratings that would like to disappear. Take a gigantic dump. And George for all his mumbling and religious hatred and all the other swing club and whatever else is he mumbles about. He's doing just fine. So leave his little ass alone. There you go. Of course there's a lot of room for improvement. That's right. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, that's a rumor said. 1256, and 560, QAN. This is 560, QAN. That's what you're doing. Oh, I got it. Oh, I got it. So under two hours. Oh, I got it. Oh, I got it. That's what this life will now. Just do the same again. So, oh, the guy, oh, that's what we pay for this ticket for this 50. But you might not pay for the day and the all. Just leave nothing given to all day and the all. That's what I'm like to do now. Like that in terms of waiting live with the best of this time. Stop. Whoa, good guy, yo. That's what it's like for all these young men who are here again. Stop. Whoa. That's what we give up. What do I know we want? Stop. Whoa, whoa, yeah, you did it. That's what we live up. We know what you do to pay it again. Stop. Whoa, good guy, yo. Wish I was a Jedi. Bring all the props to the best. Oh, I was doing it 560, WQM, Hankleby out of Gulfstream doing a show this afternoon from 2 to 6. 660 Club we got the Clarence, Josh Darrell 6 to 645. Refle that's enough. And then the South Florida bulls and a hurricane baseball 645. You'll have camp one time at 10. So my last was the way I guess the Sun Sentinel pilot discovered that thing that was in new times about the alien family over here. Which somebody finally has sent me in the mail. That got lost in the mail and was in that strange plastic. What would go on with the mail, you know? What the hell? But they had it. What's like somebody was chewing on that? Like they were eating it. Eat this. Yeah, it has a whole deal about the family. This real outstanding family that he's got over here. They're criminal past like Lizarorgan's dollars 49. Who I temporary custody of this little punk kid was first arrested and convicted of the UI in 1991. State Motor Vehicle Record Show. He was arrested again on the same charge in 1990 and 7 and placed on probation for 12 months. Ordered to perform 50 hours community service, a 10 day substance abuse program and pay an 884 dollar fine. The men's two nephews, who are among those seed and Luis Armando seed, both 32, had more serious legal problems. They frequently visit Lizarorgan's dollars at home and take an early on outings. They have criminal records including the criminal records, including the criminal records. They're the police. They're the police. They're the police. They're the police. They're the police. The criminal records including charges of strong armed robbery, verbally illegally carrying a firearm. The most recent incident involving Luis Siddler placed in September. He and in the complex accused of holding up a tourist from Connecticut. When a man stopped in Little Havana, tasked, sitting manual, strong for directions, the man asked him to pull into a parking lot. According to police records, strong, grabbed the man from behind while Sid punched him and then ripped off two chains. Sid was charged with strong armed robbery and scheduled to go on trial this month. Luis Sidd served six months probation for charges of carrying a concealed weapon and resisting rest with violent. State record show. His brother Jose Sidd's rap sheet goes back to 1986 including a four month jail sentence for burglary. And it goes on and on. So the kid can stay all the rest of them. So yeah, the question is, which scumbag family should he stay with? This scumbag family over here or this scumbag family over slupper's over there? Who want to, you know, bite his tongue and reach him and see if his generals are growing? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5. Well, at least one thing over there. You know, we get to use the same toilet paper over and over again. Get familiar with it. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Yeah. Hello. Yes, sir. Yep. I'm waiting for Neil. You're speaking to Neil. Yes. Okay. Neil, how are you? Good. I have a long time listener and I think it's amazing that you can come on the air for four hours and keep everybody in your business. Oh, I have a long time. That's a little interesting. If you ask me, oh, really do it. I mean, I do have one little issue with you. The places that you choose for vacations, no question or wonderful, and to them. All of Italy, I mean, Rome is one of the great cities of all time. Lots of acres, all those places are great. Toronto. I don't know Toronto too well. Great city. Probably the greatest city in western hemisphere, but anyway. But anyway, and you're quite wise to pick out the accent of the lady that said she was on Kate Town because that was a very concocted accent as far as I was concerned. You were a little bit late. You thought she was make believe? Well, I think that she may have parked over Kate Town on some weekend. But I don't think that she lived in the place you was there on Passover weekend. It could be. Yeah. But anyway, you're a little off-base when you say people are waiting at time and energy to go to Africa because these places like Serengeti and Massamara and the Goron Gororicrader and the Victoria of the World of the World are astonishing places. And they've won. You work for it. Yeah. And if one goes there with somebody that they can really enjoy, I mean, I rented a villa outside of Sienna for a month. And if somebody said to me, money is not the problem. Where would you like to go for one month? You could go anywhere on earth for one month. I would pick the Africa bush. And by the way, the... How much is it? How much is it? How much is it? What I was going to tell you, two is the needs places that I mentioned to you. The lodges are, you know, four and five stock kind of places. I mean, I have unbelievable luxury. Well, I understand that, but then that's for tourists. Well, you're right. And now people are living there, the overwhelming. You can find great five star hotels in Caracas, Venezuela. No, and you know, and in the majority of the people living there are living like sluppers. Oh, I agree with you. And India points it out to remarkably. The only thing about Africa that is disappointing to me. And I'm about the same age as you. Yes. Is that the amount that the quantities of the animals has... Because we humans have done a hell of a job in damaging that whole thing. I mean, as I said, the child growing up in South Africa. Oh, you got to have those elephant tests, you know? Well, that's the thing. You know that... That's exactly all libraries. At this point in time, by the way, in order for an American to go to times in the year, or any of those places, they charge in about a 40 or 50,000 dollar license fee in order to kill an elephant. But the United States then only allows 100 elephants to come back into this country, task for feed or whatever it is. But the point that I was going to make is, as I was growing up as a child, we would go to these various game parks. And we would see sometimes 300 elephant at a time, either in the pool or in the river, from the King or the Babies and stuff. And today, if you see maybe 20 or 20 years ago... Oh, when a French Canadian's come down here, you can stay like up to some of Hollywood hotels and see a whole bunch of elephants in the pool. Well, anyway, I just want to tell you, I've been listening to you for a long, long time and enjoy you immensely. Yeah. Thank you very much. And have a great day. And I'll see you in Nairobi. Perfect. All right. Would the Nairobi trio, and how is there any co-vac student in my senior lately? No. What a shame that was. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. We do not have a poll question, by the way. I think we're getting any response on that. It probably not because there are cousins to indicate anything. And the arangers.com on our website. We're going to start next week. We'll do like some serious polls a month in a while. Like semi-serious. Like which is better good and they're bad. I usually wait until the next day to get the results. Oh, I see. Like I said, we'll wait till the market to results. We'll come in and do a special Saturday show right now. No. And how's Brian doing with the word on that appearance? By the way, I don't want to start picking on good old Brian, but boy, oh boy. He's an asshole. Really dropping several matches on the food chain. Maybe he wants to pick up the pace now that the fat boy may be leaving. Well, he's done. He had to use bad. It's sent. He's back. But he was lucky in limbo. And then we have the other one. I don't want to mention Peter Leonard that keeps threatening to leave. But if he leaves, then he won't be able to come in here and share all his personal grief with us. And then we got the Todd record course. When you told me the Todd record has an inside parking space down stairs. And you've got to hope you're wrong. I saw him parking in there. You saw him parking in the covered parking under the building. A sales puts like him. And I think he's parking in the spot that I usually take. You know how fillos has got her spot that nobody dares to take. And the in screw and she's got her spot right next to the water. And I see which is appropriate that the and I was taking a spot like on that same side. Like right next to the you know I was parking. I mean, that it's important as long as there's a spot down there. But I it looks to me like Todd Drek. Somebody that drives a Jaguar. Is parking that spot. Not that I want it. You know, my name is not a spot. I don't want to start playing bushboss with anybody. But it just irritates me that pons are parking a good house Todd Drek. Who the hell is that? He's an asshole. Oh, you know that. Nine minutes after one at five, 60 WQN. Hey, Captain, no, the score hall. Learning it in. So the last key in. Yeah. We're going to the next. Oh, we are fourth radio five, six, eight, eight. Eight out. Let's run the land where the soil for a car. So nice. It's cops. Infantable. They're done. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. What you going to do. What you going to do when they carry them. You. Well, hello there, Jeb. Yeah, hello. I was a head. See you. What brings you up to my little boat. Yep. We got us some reports of some. Pusting in a few thin knees here, apart. Ah. Yes, there's a guy. My shame to admit it to my wife, Sarah, exposed part of our ankle. Wow, that was good, Hussie. Yeah. I've got me a good mind. I put her in the socks and give her 40 lashes. Well, that would be a good idea. But then there wouldn't be anyone to milk the cow. Yep. Women. There are the reason we're all going to hell. Yeah. Well, I gotta get back to plown for you. We'll kid him. I guess I'll be getting back to the barn. There's a reason, is a guy. I'm a stock. I'm a stock. What you're going to do. What you're going to do when they're shackled with you. That's tonight. On cops, you're Pennsylvania. That's country. See, one thing we can rip the omics, so I'll be one because we know that they're not listening. Yeah, we can rip them in ash. And in fact, even on the worst thing yesterday morning, they were making fun of the omics because they can't listen. It can't be having a radio. Listerbumbet arrived from somebody. They can't ride in a car. They can't only just carry on on a drive when kids ride on rides when my sister. She goes right next to a settlement. Oh my god. Data official blocked other end school filming. Here's a thing about this Henry Freud fraud. Deputy Superintendent of his man with a bad, bad pasty wig. Bad make of job. He's an asshole. Right. And not only was it this Oprah show, but it's got a whole list in this thing in the Heraldis more in which I won't waste your time with all these other things that people wanted to do about some of the good things, which there aren't very many. But some of the good things that are happening in public education in South Florida. And that he don't want me to know about those. Did you mention he's not a real doctor? He's a monster, but he's a wannabe. Dr. Rodriguez. Facing charges for more teacher kills himself. Did you see this? Yeah. Yeah. And didn't just kill himself like ordinary, you know, you can kill yourself. First he tried stabbing himself. And then he got out and gotten the car and drove to a, where the hell was it? Is building? He jumped out the fourth floor from and committed sausages. Well, whatever it is, he's dead. Let's go. Look at his phone. It's dead too. It just like that teacher. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. We've covered the entire world practically. They from Africa from the deepest general of Africa to Thailand to Uranus. And everything in between from Atkins to Skatkins to a unayment to the back Street Boys are getting married. Everything you could possibly want to then some. And here we are sitting in this board. Is it dead as a goddamn door now? Here's a pig reporting for a lot of deal. Hello. Yes sir. Is this me? This is you. I just call him out an accident on 595 at 95. It's a east found on 595. Right. I've been spiked up from 95 all the way back to the turn plate. Oh my God. Thanks for the bad news. Okay. Thanks. Okay. There you go. Be a more. You're going to be sitting there a long long time. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless fly. We got the Panthers in penguins tomorrow night at the McAurena. The game. The obvious thing you don't know if he's going to be able to play probably not. And of course I don't feel bad about that. I would like to see him play. But that means a better chance of us winning. Who cares about him? He's small potatoes. Well, we got pavel. And I don't want to get started. But I do. I will say it anyway because it's just grind. I was saying this to Rimmer yesterday. And of course he agrees. Okay. Peter Warwell, which he's not one of my favorites. Because to me he's basically useless. But I would agree that he played probably the best game he's ever played for the team against the ranges of the night. Went out there. He couple of unbelievable hits on Peter Nedbed and little the offery whom I hate. Couple of great hits. Almost scored a goal hit the goal post. He played at night and I sister to a race shepherd. Played him a good game. But I'm going to tell you something. When this man gets a greater elevation. When his name is announced. And pavel beri. It tells me there is something desperately wrong with several thousand of you assholes who sit in those seats. You have got the greatest athlete in the world playing on that team. There is no, I totally know that when we first got him. And I'll tell you that again now. The most stimulating player the guy that gets you. Everybody stands when he looks like he's going to get a break away. Everybody stands including me. And we're like holding our breath knowing that something is sensational. It's going to happen. I just for the life of me don't understand the mentality, the stupidity of some of the people there. It's like the rubber neckers and they tone it. It's the same thing. They're more interested in watching some goons out there get into a brawl which in 99% of those fights. Nobody really stands any serious punches and very little ever happened. What's in the wild is he somebody would blood run and down his head. But 99% of the fights nothing really happened. And that's what gets them all whipped up into a frenzy. And I'm going to tell you something tomorrow night when they announce if if I don't know what line Terry Murray's going to start to open again. But if he starts at number one line and brewery is starting on right wing and they announce the starting line up. There ought to be a standing ovation for him. And I know I'm going to stand up and cheer when they announce his name tomorrow night because he's the best in the guy named universe. There's something very, very seriously wrong. When you put it right in front of somebody's nose and people can't even recognize what it is. You know, they're seriously you pick up 20 times a dog crap. You're sticking from the hey what's that you know there's different getting a feeling it and a pop skiing around with it. God there's something desperately missing in his town like some common sense like some understanding. Here's four miars where they understand it. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah I'm a jew who lives in four miars. Oh you're the one huh. One of the ball four four. Yeah. Well I mean I'm going to say we're three right open up a deli over there. Well you know in this place every other guy's name is either Wade or Emmett or Dale or Anthony. It's kind of redneck you know. Yeah a little bit. George Bush Jr. did you see him last night on his interview? No. Unbelievable. As they see in Southern California. He was on he was there were. Yeah. Yeah. They were talking about this guy in Austria. This gore you're a you're a hider. He did first of all I didn't even know the guy's name. And he doesn't know at least he's consistent. He doesn't know anybody's name. Any leaders, any country and a world name. He doesn't know. So true to form. They ask well what do you think? Well how do you think we should react to him if he says something? He said true to Bush. He says we ought to leave it up to the Europeans. Right. That was his response. Mm-hmm. And you're right about McCain don't be fooled by McCain. No. He's a wolf and sheep's clothing. Yeah. Let anybody think that he's a moderator progressive. Yeah. He's every much is right wing is Bush ever dreamed of being only he just is a wise guy. That's all. I'm from Madison, Wisconsin and our home senator is a. Rust Spangled. Yeah. He's a great guy. He's very progressive. He's working with this guy a little bit. But I know him a little bit. I don't know him well as met him in Madison. Yeah. I am from a bottom. You ever meet his boyfriend? I'm sorry. No, he's not like the guy from Minnesota well. Okay. But I am from a bottom. He said the guy is an asshole. He said plain and simply the guy is an asshole. He is an asshole. That's right. Everybody knows that. Except these see this business. I'm a Democrat for Reagan. I'm a Democrat for McCain. Like I said to the guy that called before. It makes no sense. I mean if you want to be from a can that's okay. But don't tell me you're a Democrat because his policies his positions on every single issue are the antifixes. They're diametrically opposed to what the Democratic Party stands for. So please don't tell me you're a Democrat for McCain. It's like a Jew for Hitler. You can't be. In a scale called you yesterday. I got such a kick out of some guy called you and he said, oh, he's from Arizona. That's a right wing state. Oh, Florida Florida Florida is not. Is there if that's an excuse? That would be like saying Hitler was from Austria. He was born in Austria. Therefore that's why he had to be an asshole. In Florida is not. I mean, come on. Have a great day, proud. You too. Oh, he said you too. 560, 50560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. Yes. Did you get my facts about the gas from Cameroon? Yes, I got read your facts on the air. See if you were listening to show you it heard me read the facts. What is this must be Paul? Yeah, it is. And you know what Paul? I appreciate the invitation. But the answer is no. No. Why? Because I am not interested in going to Cameroon. And I'm not interested in coming to your house. I appreciate it. I'm sure you're very nice guy. Have a wonderful family. And I'm sure you're never so afraid to train. But the answer is still. No. No. I'm just not interested in Cameroon. It rhymes with the cook. You know. Have you ever had a bell? Have I heard about it? Yes. I heard what? What is there to hear about? I mean, like, what have I missed? You always go to Canada, right? No, I don't always go. I go there often. Yes, I go to Toronto. And you do not have a horn. No. You need to know countries in the world. Is Cameroon. I don't know. I'll see the fact that these big friends there would be one of the major reasons I would not go there. See, I don't go to Montreal or the Quebec. I go to Toronto where they speak English. Oh, you cannot disappoint me. Yeah. Yeah. Because I'm not going to Cameroon. Parlebo, no. Parlebo, no way. Oh, man. Well, I love your show. Well, thanks, Paul. I hate to disappoint you. Maybe I'll think about sleep on it. Please, do think about it and give me a quote. Please. I'll give you a quote. Okay. Okay. Sit right there by the phone. Okay. You'll leave you either mirror readjust. Want to be other? Uh, no. Is that your final answer? Yeah. Well, that is, that really is a bad show. You know, and now another has been on for a while. And I don't even watch it anymore. It's a bad show. And the only reason that it's got those high ratings is because everything else that's on is that much worse. Thank God for having 17 satellite dishes and a whole bunch of choices and two VCRs. That's all I can say. Because what they put on Network TV, I wouldn't give you a blanch, Ms. For. 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T. Here's a mobile in Boko. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Just a couple of comments. One is a herd ankle bird talking to, you know, the other day and some lady pulled up. And after she asked the questions, she sent something to him like, you know, I'd appreciate if she wouldn't eat on the air. It's kind of rude. Yeah. Well, you would think she stole this sandwich. I mean, he went off on her home. Her every name in the book she wouldn't believe it. Yeah. I don't quite get it. I mean, why is he supposed to be so rude? Why? Well, wait a minute. Why are you asking me about something hanging? Why wouldn't you call him and ask him about it? I don't want to ask. I don't want to ask. I want to try out an issue. No, no, no, no, no. But seriously, I'll tell you why. It's just an observation. Yeah. And I think maybe you could talk to him. Talk to him about what? I don't, I'm not going to tell Hank how to do a show. If I disagree with the opinion he's got what it's about. Seas Lord, an issue or something, I'll talk about it. But I'm not going to tell him how to do a show. Okay. Well, I just wanted to bring it up. I have a listen. I didn't hear the call. But I listen to Hank a lot. And I quite frankly, to be honest with you, he gives people a lot more rope than I do. I mean, if somebody is a guy or somebody is rude, I'm going to hang up on and lots sooner than Hank is going to do it. No, you wouldn't have done it this quick. It's fine. And I'm telling you, it felt like he stole the Y-U-Sau Conservancy. Your Y-For somebody was it somebody you know? No, I got a lot of time in my hands. Oh, okay. Well, at least you want to stay with him. The other thing is, you're talking about the politics of McCain and Bush. Bush is an evil looking guy. You know, he really is. And I, he is. He is. He's really, he's a bunch of you have Nixon back in the evening. He also looks like the kind of guy who'd snap at you know, at the drop of a hat. He looks like a cop guy. Because he looks like he's ready to snap. And if you look at him cross-eyed, we're asking him just the wrong question in the wrong way. He's going to well lose it. Don't you think he's looking for a good hand-to-bomb mustache? Yeah. Right? In fact, he's a big push-shy-brow. Have you ever seen him together with Bob Bar? Think about that. And I have it right there. Okay. 5605050, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line 1 26 at QA and the... Who's in the ward? Not as pedophile. Yeah. I like you in the chai-stop-by. For a hummer. Do you remember? Do you remember? When you die, that hummer. You ki is on the block really has mulch. Sunny suit have mulch. I am Zip the fly from the chai-stop-by for a hummer. For a hummer. I like chai-to-start at home. They want to... They stretch as when they make dough. Because they get long from my hummer from my hummer. Big one, daddy stick it in my hand. I gave you a hummer and it all began. You had the biggest one that I ever did see. It felt the floor when you tried to be. When you once did, I can't help but twice. But it's no only that you just had the flawning. You've wet my whistle at big things, baby. Definitely done my throat, man. It's pretty crazy. Now I think it sounds too much. It makes me sad. You went away and never came back. I gave you a hummer and it went back home. On all its home, it was a size of your bone. I felt even love when you gave me a speech. Now I'm a little bit like Alex, take heed of it. Why am I too unneeded to it? If it really doesn't matter, the size of your sticks. New kids on the block really had mulch. Sunny suit have no... I unsystered flies when the chai-stop-by for a hummer for a hummer. 132 is 560 WCM. Very weak results in our poll today. Very weak 44 votes. I'll just not that kind of a question. It's going to whistle a lot of response. Unfortunately because these people don't have a sense of humor. Who gets more asked? Seminole's 24 Gators to 20. Seminole's way. Seminole's way. Seminole's way. I don't think you're like that. That's why they call them Seminole's. Because they're getting it. Oh, I don't want to forget this. Come on through a bad contending seven-day fish in the handful of pennies in front of Miami Mayor Joe Carroyos. Covenant Grove home Thursday. Carroyos said he believed it was a Santa Rea threat. The mayor's wife had gone out to pick up their daughters nine and eleven from school. Once she returns, you found a practice shopping bag from an Elf Presidente's school. And it was fish with mouth open and penny. My wife called me and worked to tell me that told her not to go pick it up. But she had already done it. Carroyos said it was very upsetting because this is not the kind of thing any parent wants to smile this week. Carroyos said he didn't know who'd be responsible. He said it's the first time something like what just happened but they doesn't feel correct. I've heard this is supposed to be some type of ritual related to some kind of seven powers to wish me bad luck in my life he said. I've even got not in any fish or pennies no matter how wide open your mouth are or however how much they snipped. If the fish is rotten at their head, put it into a Carroyos door still. I can't find a piece to chop off a little thing up. I'll ride. That means look at Bratzi. That means the Joe Carroyos was with the fishes. I think it's what that means. Isn't it something? 1.34.56. You can go to a mobile and Del Rey Beach. Del Rey Beach. You got him. Say it is what I tell the idiot that's called before. We don't want to claim to him. I don't want to hear his shit. Yeah, well, we're going to crap his dad. Every time somebody starts saying, I know what they're going to get. I'm not going to discuss it. If they have a gripe with the way somebody else did something call them about it. Would they happen on the show? It's simple. What you're doing with the video. That's a jellyfish. Doesn't have the balls to call a handkerchief of an ass because he'll hang up up in two seconds. He's like back to Africa. Why the hell does Peter were all having article on the paper today? Meaning what? I saw that. Because I haven't had an idea because they're obsessed with him. He plays one good game finally. I'll even in that game. He got a stupid penalty really that almost cost us and fell on his ass about three or four times. I don't know. I've never been able to figure out what the big traction is. Look at what it's that and look what he's done. Nothing else. I have to give him a printer. They're obsessed with him. And whatever. Let him go. I know. I have a great day. You can't you can't not sense it. The people are just don't understand what the game is all about. They're right. They want to see a guy go out. And even people in the section of my right there. I look at them. I said they're a watch them. They're reaction when he's in a water business. Makefully fights where the guy that comes up to his public. At my Peter and they're they're like frothing. They're forming it them out. This is by far the most animated they get. Unless maybe that little blimp is flying over and dropping the some of those crap in front of their posts. Here's North Miami. Hello. North Miami. Yes sir. Yeah listen that collar. He's out of gossip today. Go out there. Go out that. That's what he kissed for me. Yeah. Anyway. Listen. You're always picking on custom. About the car. Have you ever been out there? I'm not. Well you always pick a job. I've got that. This is a great guy. But all that. That's right. That's exactly correct. You want to go out to the heels. If you have good drag. I'm not a month ago. I have a drag. Go out there for what? You always knock him. Watch him. Check it out. I'm not interested in it. Yeah but I can you give a fair evaluation of something. Don't you just think I've seen plenty of it on television. The television doesn't do it just drag rates and you've got to see him first. These cars go down. All well around and around and around. All right drag rates is a different story. Joe's got two different cars. I'm not interested in drag. If I want to see drag, I'll go down. Sir. Pick a car. I'll go down. Okay. I mean I've seen Joe. They've got two different cars. They've got cherry cars. Beautiful cars. Yeah. Well on that's fine. I have two beautiful cars too. Well what about it? Yeah well you do. What did you get dry? 35 mile an hour on the on the streets. But it's a great sport and you know. You see people don't mind. Why is it a great sport? Well because first of all the participants are friends friendly. You know. You know you don't. Not like the rest of these jobs. You ask them all players. You spoke all players. You go out there. You know you want to talk to a participant? Boom. They do. They're right there for you. And they're you know. None of them are. I hear our other important participants. It's a totally waste. Max is a very friendly. You know I'm not going to be the try to win you over. Here's we got enough people out there anyway. But it's a good sport. And you know you want to go see Joe one time. I'll tell you. I see Joe here all the time. I mean definitely the building. I was always got to do the group of line of morose. So one night and he'll enjoy it. Okay. All right. All right. And let me just say this to you. Okay. So I'm going to talk about the local amount of their three different things. The chance of my calling Paul from Cameroon back. My going to on a trip to Africa and going out to seeing Joe in drag or whatever this guy's talking about. There's an equal chance none of your above zero. So at least I'm an equal opportunity. Nice there. The answer is just no no for a simple. Not because I don't like to try new things. I mean I'm pretty open minded. But those are things that are absolutely not in my vocabulary. And you've seen a drag story put it on that Christmas party. I saw him in drag just the other day when he was in. It's a hockey game. The night he came in drag and you know what's the journey. It wasn't too happy about it. But that's just this thing. He likes the drag life. Twenty two before it. Those actually some things that we've been waiting for. Yeah. What a shock. What I will give you something to listen to after a hint. Get this first call. QAM. Drops the green flag with motorsports Saturday Saturday morning. That's six with Chocustello right here on Sports Radio 5. Sixty two way in. It's Friday you fast. Each meal presents a family story. Two elderly women come from Cuba on a mission armed with only stale sugar was candy and a yachts a board. Just a must bring back a young boy. Like any means necessary. Fill his George as Molly L'Ellacquintana. And Charlotte Ray as Wickel Rodriguez. And each meal is in a somewhere else. The grandmothers. If you don't give us the boy, we're gonna chop the water to little crack at us. Fuck it, I'm not gonna go for that. He's an adjoint, a racquet, steering charges. Where the new inch, you're gonna have to count. So, a lot of Amelia, redefined. Each meal is in a lot of somewhere else. The grandmothers Sunday night to 10, 9 central. I've been me, I got the guess really bad. The grandmothers. Sixteen. I thought that was a zipper coming down. It sounded like her. Sixteen before two at five sixty WCWM Hanklby at the Gulfstream at two o'clock. Josh Darrell, Claire, should be on briefly. It's six we got her at Clube basketball against USF at six forty five and capital after the game. Five six seven. Five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line. Here's another call in Fort Myers. Hello. New. Yes sir. Fort Myers calling. Lights by report. According to the morning show over here. Yes. The station went up two point five points. In terms of ratings. What station? Over there? Yeah. Well, how come they're not there? They must have all been in the morning, I guess. I have no idea. I was talking. They're not giving us the sharing that information with us. How come we don't have a facts on that? How come we don't have some better communication since we're handing them for free. I'm most of their programming from over here. That's that. You're nice for us to know. I agree. Especially at some say, basically crippled their ratings. Yeah. Anyway, let's get with it over there in Fort Myers. Long time listener for you. Just to listen to you when you're on 940. Over here. And quick request. Yes sir. The ebomics song, Jigaboo. Well work on it. Have a great day. Thank you. Was that what was that? Five request? Something like that? Five six seven oh five six. Did you see this? Bugs me. It just bothers me. That we were working to vacuum in this place. We all kind of stuff on his facts machine for the sports people. That is nothing to do with us. That goes in the circular file. But this stuff that I would like to know about and things that we would be wanting to talk about. And of interest to the audience. That we get that stuff. No, after we beg for it. After we have to get spyre ports from the listeners. But it's it figures. It's the Beasley frickin' way. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Great. Hey you know, I was listening to the path from camera. Yeah. You would say, you know, if you could go 1.0 or if you'd like to go to the ad. You'd like to go to the ad for can bush. You'd like to go to the ad for can bush ad by to go to the ad. It's a banks bush. So only one ad you consider going to for anyone to time. I don't know if you grew me on that. But hey, what was it? Or any banks? What would you say? Let's say banks. Hey, I wonder if you go to message to George. You might be interested in this tomorrow night at the back of the road. Let's use the car then down to Miami. We're having a festival to legalize with this tomorrow. Yeah. And my band beyond salvation's playing there tomorrow night. Okay. Okay. He's going to bring a Bong John silver with him. 560505050 on the 18th to wireless line. Yeah. I mean, this business, so you're going to talk me into go to Africa. You can, you know, waste your time and flap your lips. Oh, that was a bad thing to say. Well, I mean, if we're talking about any other country. And I said, flap your gums or lips to some. I guess nobody would take that the wrong way. But when you talk about Africa, there's no safe flap your lips right away. Oh, you see that is making those comments again. I mean, I'm not saying that all dark people have big thick lips like Malcolm there. I'm going to hurt you to see a big thick lips. Oh, no. But then again, is he really blank? Oh, he's like, uh, had a good son, Tana. I think. And how come all this good information we get on the facts machine about people that I never care about? Then we get all these biographies and stuff. How come Nick Locker from 98 degrees? I never get in a bio information about him or pictures of what it looks like. You know what I'm saying? Huh? How come? Probably the most important man in the world to me anyway. The most talented man in the world to be on his shadow about the greatest voice in the world, no matter what George would tell you. I mean, he's no lymphedic biscuit, but 560, 560, 560, 560 on the 18 T.W.R.L.S. line. Here's Halendale. Hello. Halendale. Oh, how are you? Okay. Hello. Yes, sir. I know what I was trying to catch you yet there when you were really talking about the, you know, who that is? You know, I hate to break the news to you. I'm so okay, but you're like 25 minutes ahead of your usual call. See, this is one of the real problems we have on his radio station. In fact, he actually did like an asterisk, extra credit for being number one in men in his last book because he did it in with a handicap of the fact that his board ops keep putting this asshole on here. Every single day, Steve from Hollywood, Steve in a mobile, it's always the same twerpy voice that I have nothing to say piece of crap. Every single day. And he calls in that first half hour course because he knows that I'm in a car on the way home driving listening. Which honor really care, but it sure isn't helping Hank show and it's your angry, you're going to happen on this show. You more on you idiot you. What a quizling. What another one of those pathetic. There's a whole group of these people. We ought to rent a room in holiday. You know how they have the circus, of course, where you go and you look at animals in a cage. Not the circus, but like the zoo. And we ought to have like like a cage like that and have him in a guy with the eyes and the four or five other. I happen to have a misfit, you know the ones we're talking about. Once you never hear of any more because I made him disappear. And just put that in there and like everybody take a look and see what these people look like and what they're all about. It's stagger is the imagination. We don't want to talk to you, okay, Jack asked. Nobody wants to hear your whining with the voice. You have nothing to say. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Anyhow you doing great. I got a quick number for you came out this week and sports illustrated. 58,000 out of 210,000 tickets sold for the lightning through December. We're free tickets given away. Right. Over a quarter percent. I mean a quarter percent. Over 25 percent. We're free tickets. And want to be great to have two more girls teams coming in the next year and that just what we need Gary Batman, you idiot. Got a bunch of slippers up in Orlando. Anyways, reference to the affirmative action. I believe that it should be eliminated because. Wait, wait, wait a minute. Before you go on, if we had the Tampa Bay lightning, if we had that same team here, how many people do you think would be showing up at the game? I think he's probably you. We have a great team. I understand the San Jose game when I was on vacation a week ago Wednesday. There were like maybe 11,000 people maybe tops in that arena. So, and this is for the top team in the division. Now one of the best teams in the league. You should do a poll. Maybe not the next game. See a who won the MVP at the Oscar game and why. And probably half of the people there won't even know what the. But you probably write down Peter Warrrell. About the affirmative action. You should get jobs and get it to school because of your. Qualification. That because of skin color, two colors, size of anything. You know what I mean? That's so a little bit correct. Right. It's it's serious. That's, you know, they got to me quote. All these people that are belly aching and bitching. You know something your time is up. If it's not completely up, it's running out. That's what they're screaming about because this favoritism and this reverse discrimination has gone on too long. It's got to stop now. I left with those people because they're trying to get in just because of certain qualifications that they're born with. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I want people to do a job waiting on me who are qualified. What if he's able to do it? You don't want to get lost. I should have you have race on on most applications if any at all. Is there any chance you could do screen with today? Have a great day. Thank you sir. No. 560 560. We're to that come from like out of the field. I guess 1.51 at 560 Q a m. The boat. Sony sports showdown. Are you up to the channel? No. Saturday morning. Today only on sports radio 560 Q a. Yeah. Oh, no. My queen. God. Hello. I'm Linda Tripp. Recently I had $30,000 worth of cosmetic surgery done on my face. People have been asking me lately. How I feel. Well, to tell you the truth, I feel great. I feel like I could touch the sky. No more dark circles underneath these beautiful eyes. People come to meet me on my brand new nose. I put my hair in pretty big ribbons and bones. Yes, sir. Because I'm a six-year woman. That's my new surgery. They go have the judge of both or dinner and tea. I'll turn my head. You'll feed me grapes. And then we'll burn those silly tapes. I could then lose a little weight. But I feel great. Okay. 1.56.560 WQM. She is a cow. But that's not her. I already told you tonight. So let's do this over the weekend since we're trying to do this thing. Take it to pools on our website. I'll give you something to do. He doesn't have to do anything. Just put it on there. Let's take a presidential pool. But I digs out Carolina primary coming up today. And we actually had three or four people today mentioned like names of candidates, which is pretty scary for this crowd. Let's take a presidential pool over the weekend. And Monday we can give you the results from this audience. Bush, McCain, Gore, Bradley, or Keys. William Put Allen Keys on there because he used to be a candidate. Kind of sort of. Yeah, like that. Newrodgers.com. That's our website. You can get on there and we'll find out what this audience be saying. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neil. Yes sir. Like we say foster you it. You must remember him when you were a kid. Yes. And hockey night. Coast to coast in Canada. Yeah. What happened to his son? I thought he was broadcasting games too. I moved down here. He was dead for two or three years. He was the greatest. Well, I moved down here in the play 50. So I never really got to keep up on a day. But foster you was fantastic. I don't agree with you at all. I think foster he was he was a pioneer. But I thought he was a son of like a liney old washerwoman. His daughter. He was the greatest talking out to whoever lived. I was the guy who gave that back in the barrel. That was a kid at 12. He was my hero. He was my hero. He was my hero. He was 40. And all the right. Okay. Well listen. I have a great day. There we go with old time hockey. Anybody want to hear about that? No. That's a sure way for a two out. Which we don't want to do to hang this before the show. Like the morning show. Try to do us with that guy. They're marching from Borshead. Every day. Yeah. That's their new tactic. Instead of backing up the last commercial break. They make sure they put richy from Borshead on. As the last caller or if he's not on the phone. They talk about him like they did this morning. God is going to get you guys in the morning. I'm going to tell you that. Oh God. He's going to get you. Okay. Because you're costing us bonus money. Seriously. We're number one in 2554 by a mile. Hank is number one in the afternoon 2554 between two and six. Are they number one in the morning? No. Are they number two? No. Are they number four? No. No. Number six. That's men 2554. That's the male demographic here on a sports station. Where the other day parts are number one and they're in the morning. They're number six because they're talking a richy from Borshead. That's why. And Billy the jet span. Yeah. Take him to easy way out. Three of them.