or Lardel presents the Neal Rogers Show. Just talk to Neal, call 567-056-203 for David Rower and form the own 560 on yourself. Thank you, Lardel. The Pity of Rario is guest-coller's. Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WPPM easily read acquisitions or the fees we run has proof. Now, Neal Rogers, on Sports Radio 560-208- If Friday you best soon. For the first two pages of these action. For the first two, yes, in the P-Tex. For the first two, yes, in the P-Tex. So the two in the P-Tex. For the rich, royal press. And the first case, Chucky. For the second one, and two, all of us can't pay money. He's talking about the first, the first people go one. And we, the third, go conclusion with the fact. We can't buy you that. He's just a bear. We're looking all over him. Still it is. Hey, Trudgy, do you want to do that? She's so. I know what's better, come by now. That you sit long past you will leverage balance. Can't a token party. And you can't pay. What's better than good. But I know which is your view. You can buy a million of jerks. You can donate Jack Clinton and the P-Tex. That's how the first junior in the P-Tex. For the first junior in the P-Tex. For the first junior in the P-Tex. For the junior in the P-Tex. What's better? For the first junior in the P-Tex. For the first junior in the P-Tex. For the first junior in the P-Tex. For the junior in the P-Tex. For the first junior in the P-Tex. Yeah, have an other drink, George. You can come on. 10 or 25 or 60 WQAM. Here's a great website for you. For all your people who are really interested in finding out the real facts. It goes to just like this, spread some more good to true crap about your WW. You can not spread lines but true crap. WWW.reachange.org slash boistunew.htm. I give that a little bit too fast, probably. Are you having a, uh, some kind of a spastic attack in there? No. Or did Joe was to make it into a snout out of you? Okay. Haha. And that Joe works. He is a little pussy. You know, he got a little girl. Joe works is a little girl. Just remember I told you that. So he's a little girl. Like a little, look a little, three junior high girl. But anyway, WWW.reachange.org slash boistunew.htm. All the stuff that you'd ever want to know. And it's, uh, see the thing with the DUI. That's just the tip of the iceberg. I do believe the thing, the worry for the story. I believe that. I don't think it'll come out because that bra the evidently, there's somebody got to wear and pay the Roth. Roughly, they couldn't pay Roth. Yeah, she, somebody made her an offer. She couldn't refuse probably. They told her that. Look at Bazi would become, and if she spilled the beans, something like that. And then, of course, there's also the story circulating now about as a rest for cocaine in 1972, which I'll find on that website. Another trying to discredit the author. First similar to the name, uh, Koyosdler with a marijuana supplier and text us that they're true with the jail in the solitary, nobody ever, if nobody ever saw him again. I mean, it was only a little weed in this guy like Vanish to the jail and text us no less. So that's going to be our full question today. Somebody sends me the latest, uh, I see him confused. Because I went on the internet here this morning and got the latest MSNBCs. Log B, uh, where it is tracking pool. And now I get the, the guy who's actually made these obvious. And then I got the latest MSNBCs, the one that I got on the internet was from November 2, which he's yesterday. So I don't know whether the one he sent me here or the brand new ones or not. But anyway, Goras are heading Florida, Michigan by 10 now, if you believe this, which constant by five Pennsylvania by four, and Tennessee bushes only had by two. And let's see, Goras also slightly had in Washington and, uh, 3.10 was caught in. That guy named Nader, which I got a great article about him will get to. Nader is getting some points. He's got five points in Wisconsin, six in Washington state. Seven here in Florida. Five in New York, which is kind of like a difference because Goras 15 points ahead in New York and the latest pool. But this, uh, latest, chigua, the rip pile here yesterday. And then I have to wrap. I have to wrap. They're saying, oh, this is just like the Democrats to be doing stuff like this right at the last minute. Anybody member followed Jones and Jennifer Flowers and Kathleen Willie and Monica. Yeah, and white water and black water and, uh, heavy water. What are you talking about? What, pay back sure is a bit, isn't it? The dirty tricks used in the girl that it's in back when the Dick was in the light house. Are you going to firm you didn't need one of those little burgers out there, Dia? I'm fine. Oh, and they look bad either. Oh, good. Because you look like you'd be ill. And like we have to affect it getting a few of those. I took your work. No, don't do it. I mean, those are for a gram. Anyway, now she can say that. He will end up get upset. But it's true. They're for granted. He don't need them. Once I just say, I'm very important stuff. Oh, about to grow the pictures. Oh, yeah, leave it to the Democrats to be doing stuff like this. I mean, in fact, is the fact this isn't something that somebody made up. And this, this is lame excuse about how he didn't come forward with this because he didn't want to tell us his daughter is to find out. He didn't want them doing it. Drinking and driving. Now, Dick Cheney's got two, uh, Do a DUIs or Dick. And then here's your young George WD. He's got one here now that we know of. And then that cocaine thing. That thing may come out over the weekend. I think that'll be the a powder that the proof of the camera's nose. Huh? That just could do it. How that polka not yesterday before we get into days big pool. Which applies to you? Right through other college. 482, 68.3%. Never read to college. 53, 21.7. I'll do me other than you. And then to you, 70, a measly, nine, 29%. What's the 10%? But everybody in their brother-in-law, if you want to know this station, I'll let's talk about that BSCS poll. And about, uh, we're getting the screw. We, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, we, that get that we, we from that little girl on the morning show that we reached up. You know, yeah. That little pussy, your rose. Well, gee, everybody was supposed to live on my morning guilty, I guess today in there, it's true Christoph's fault. He's patlin' or something that he used. Submarine. Oh, you submarine didn't know. I mean, if you don't want people talking about it, then don't be a flash in your ass like a little kid in the locker room. That would be probably the best idea, Joe. But that morning crew there really, yeah. Be the shrink for that crew. Strange. Is our. So here's our poor question for today. Will George W. Bush's D. Y. arrest make any difference in the election outcome? Yes, or no, I realize that very difficult. Will G. W. Bush's D. Y. arrest make any difference in the election outcome? Yes, or no, because in quarry minds. I want to go. That's right. I really don't know myself, but it, it is interesting though, and, and then they had a spokeswoman on their way to for, for, story first broke last night, the media weren't a feeding frenzy. They had a spokeswoman on there, and she, it was a little bit on the embarrassing side, because they said, well, have there, were there any other, um, substance abuse arrest, or any other substance abuse problems, and she said, uh, the governor's already, said that he's had the problems in the past. So they were answered a question. They weren't the night. The cocaine stories, but that's, so they just don't have to the question because if they have to be true, and that's it, then times worse. And this man is right. It's supposedly ahead in the polls because of the fact that he's going to bring morality and honor back to the White House? Yes, come back. Lowlife, come back. And this business about youthful and discretion, it sounds like Henry Heide again. Remember that, you know, he was only 40, when he lied to that woman and said he wasn't married and screwed up that poor guy's marriage, the guy opened the restaurant, he owned a book up his family, the stupid guy's life. It was only 40, he was just selling his wild oats. You've thrown this question. I mean, GW was only 30 and he cursed he admits that the next 10 years after that only then was partying and bruising up that then he found the way out. Hallelujah, that was a difference. All his rubbish and the go and they'll be impressed by that. Because now he found Jesus. So now of course, he's a good guy. Anybody believe it? No, not if he had a brain. Maybe he found Jesus in a bottle somewhere. Huh? Which would be ever found in a bottle, or Jesus? That'd be a good question for next week one, they had things. 9 minutes after 10, and then of course, I'd go to find the... I'm sure she'll ask. Yeah, him, many brings on that little, copy, big-ared ass or a Ross Parole last night to endorse Bush. What are I 10 years today? He was going to be sucking around Bush. I was so doubt about that. I want to performance that one. That was so pathetic. We think we're upset again. www.radano.wealtchange.org slash bushtune.com. Got it? I know it's pretty wrong, but it's well worth it. A lot of good stuff on there. Some real heavy duty crap. Some of which, maybe you'll believe in some of which you won't. But you know something you're saying if there's enough crap out there, a lot of it's got to be true. Especially not if we find it. And then of course, they, the Republicans, the Bush people, found that we paired cop up there and mean real fast. And he says, all of the man was, and I want to say this, we're not paying for ceases. A picture of integrity, he gave no resistance, he was very cooperative. Being Bush upon the day. He was going to go to a good level. But that was before he found Jesus. 10 after 10 at 5, 60 WDQ went. No question of the program, maybe due to the economic stress written submission and W2A on DC broadcast group incorporate it. I know how to do it, Roger. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. I know how to do it, but I know how to do it. It says j duplicate. It's passing over. No, I can't tell. You're entering water. That helps me all out. We won't go out in one place and do what we have to. What are we going to do? Maybe we are very interesting last night. We are really just追quered on this track. We are going to change anyway. No, not alone. Not 1, not 2 1. 10% is 95 gossip. I have 60 WKM up, take a color tool, and I got some really great stuff here, including a fantastic column on the Ralph Nader by Jonathan Alderman this week, New week magazine, sensational column. Here's a mobile and full waterdale, hello. Well, he did, they're your fat diet. Okay, great. There you go, see, this is the software for it. This is just a different talk where you understand. He had a major story last night, everybody in the world was talking about this now. They got any hacks that I'm there, they got speaker in the house, but I'll be better about to have his spin on it. And the first column I get is, in fact, back in, the every single day of my life, you know, not that it makes any difference, but that's the, you know, the intellectual capacity of this time. This is the end of the world, you know, man. Give any doubt for some of this show. That's what we're here to prove. I think they're a good job. Here's WK, hello. There you go. Yes, sir. Are there Republicans the most in that party at one of the president's come, can't thank you for sending you. What does that mean? Well, I mean, they were talking about the Democrats, they got a booming economy, they got a record unemployment, they got the eight years of prosperity, and they're losing right now. I mean, how can you call it Republican? That's a good point. But I mean, to roll the Scott George Bush out as you, you know, as you best can, it to me is just a little bit about our glory. I mean, this sounds like the popcorn, the kettle, black can be, they'll grow as the best, they're the Democrats you've got. Well, I mean, with a lot of push notes, like a wooden totem for, and then Julie women, I'm glad he's running around talking about God, like a crazy man, with his under his armpit, I mean, what are you talking about? Well, at least I haven't been a bastard and they take his long and said, oh, tell anybody. Yeah. It's going to remain a secret. I mean, this guy Bush, he is the elegance of the splases. Well, well, first of all, whoever heard of the media at the press giving a guy a free patch and they cannot be thinking about, I won't answer any questions about stuff that happened through the 15 years ago. Well, I mean, they sound right. It's on hold on. That's like admitting that more than 15 years ago, and while I get to some of this stuff in this article, but it's unbelievable. And the thing, how about if he were to murder a couple of people like OJ 16 years ago, would that make it okay? According to him, I suppose, so he was young. Well, a media issue has done a really pissed pro job on this whole deal. I'll tell you that. I agree with you. No one is like no one's willing to state the stock. Yeah, just like his disappearing. His parole last, my talking about Al Gore, getting a special privilege in Vietnam and having a personal bodyguard. In the meantime, here's the guy that's disappeared, never, but not always been good of it. But this appeared last year in the National Guard that got the strings pulled to give in the garden the first place. And then vanished when he was smoking out of Bambalaya. He was out boozing and partying it up. And nobody wants to talk about that, including Larry who did a really great job. Yeah, nice going Larry. He's just like Jeldi with Joe Rose. He's got his head so far across Pro's ass that he can't see the force through the hemorrhage. Larry, God, how embarrassing. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Hey, Jel. Yes, you are. You all right. You do have to take care of your calling, and I need to on the show. You're all calling. But you know, the real issue here, we need to discover when it comes to all the bush ice here is that it is an issue that George Bush brought up himself. It is the issue of credibility. You see, the issue of character that he has all gone for six damn months. That's all he's been talking about. And now, when Neil went on and then he's giving away an outgoer. Neil, you're a police that's smoking now on and early Sydney. So, George Bush, while the Scotch will have 15 years gone and it comes out four days before the election. He's arrested regardless of who it was. He should have leased not that out six months ago. Yeah, so. I believe the abortion story that Larry Flint story, and I certainly believe the cocaine arrest. I mean, this man has got a past. Nobody comes out and says, I won't discuss anything in half and more than 15 years ago. I'm going to start with some real crap in there. And I think if the public is glad, I mean, he's not running for dog catcher. He's wanted to be the leader of the free world and the most powerful guy they lead in the world. And the public's got a guy they might to know. Now, all confused, the Bush records like, you know, like some of the people around here were the fact. So, we didn't lose hearing Joe Wells, he didn't get a vote on Tuesday. That was greatness, because you know, who he'd be vote for. Yeah. So, maybe Robert Grootner, maybe they'll go together, hand in hand. I wonder if you're, if they do get them to vote, you think he would move Robert right there in the place, he probably would do that, right? He's not growing. He's a composite owner. In fact, I was asking, but Joe's religion, as you say, he's a money. Yeah, that's really told me. Could be sure. Okay, here's all the other colleges. Okay, like I said, I got a lot of stuff here. And these people are not paying us a lot, any of those switches, which is just mind-boggling. Move it in my hand, hey, hello. Hello. Yes? Yes. That's the real, hey, how to do it. Okay. So, somebody like that's in the, on the wirehouse, then refer to, for example, somebody who's like, oh, you know, getting the rest of the drum drive, right? Yeah. Hey, so, what was that drinking and evil, like, like, not the marijuana, it's illegal? So, are you just making government sounds, not something like, uh, pulling strings and making sound from audio approach or what? I don't know why, I'm just talking to my phone. Yeah, I don't know how there is, obviously. What you said, oh, there was something in this Coke, is that what you said? Oh, yeah. And you wonder why we didn't have a cease band come down here? God, this place is so embarrassing that I'm just, if I work for those big pictures, I'd be humiliated to work here, you know, I really, I'd be embarrassed as I'll get out. If I work for those big, fat, gigantic pictures, and there's a lengthy vacation. God, you can't compare about the interactiveness time because they're isn't really. Wouldn't you have assumed, I mean, they were, they were forming a tomato last night. I mean, and the firms were going off the hook and the emails, they're just going on nuts. Every guy's been going to get turned on. And I come here this morning. Yeah, fat, fat, fat. I get, well, we already know that, that's not news. Tell me something we don't know. And of course, that's probably one of those bushwaters out there, you know? Oh, yeah, that's a response. That's only where they can respond. How the hook you need to defend the indefensible. What? Here's a moment away, Miami, hello. Hey, I mean, after, after, after, I know that you're level, I'm a hypocrisy. Yeah. Yeah, I'm level, I think it is, I'm a different leader, not sure that they can separate the seven, and what? Why is that? I mean, in minutes, I don't have to tell you why. Why is that? Why is that? You don't need to tell you? Oh, OK, great. I'm sorry, everybody. OK, brilliant. We have an idea, do what you're talking about? No, no. I'm not running for president, OK? I saw George W. Bush is running for president. How about you? Are you running for president? We're talking about a guy who's running for president. Got nothing to do with hypocrisy. It has to do with this guy can't handle the facts. He's embarrassed that he's got a scumbag here that he's supposed to. And no matter what became out with over the weekend, and reveal this guy's service, or you can't say that because you're a hypocrite. Yeah. And by the way, I ever get a deal online? Oh, no, nothing, nothing. Not less time I checked. That last time I checked, don't have no B-wise, OK? Here's Hollywood, hello. Ever do cocaine? No, no. Yes, sir. Happy to be late for this. Thanks. And around since K-K. Pro-K is Sunday, sir. For those rich guys. My ears, who are you? Yeah. Listen, just doing with this Bush guy, he is probably the most arrogant, little trick. Yeah. I've ever seen. He's like, whatever he does, I can just imagine being president of B. Anything goes on, you can do whatever he wants. You know, don't talk, you know, he trusts the people. They're going to be the right thing, and all those billionaire buddies. It's good thing. You know, he's a hit you, you know, right? Yeah. The kidding was a head of power, but yeah, I'm part of the big of a boy. Yeah. You can just imagine, you can just imagine if like the, the poth, swapping and I'm, I mean, that's what he's happening. I just can't imagine people look at him and saying, this guy has, has the moral or the quality of a person you want in the, in the, in the White House, just ridiculous. Yeah. Well, then, then he has three B lies between the two of them, plus the fact, he had three heart attacks and bypass your grief and his, you know, all the men and look at shit. And don't talk about change, don't talk about, don't talk about his world like daughter. And talk about her shit and go around, actually. No, she's back in the closet to go up to a ticket. But she's going to closet with the ball waiting for a, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Okay, waiting for pieces, call them on the party started. They're like, no green in the grandfather. Call them on the party started. And I was the thing about, let's see, he's had, um, heart attack, no three heart attacks, open heart quadruple bypass your grief, cancer, doubt, and allergic reaction to a pomegranate, then nearly killed them, all of those things were there for a big chain of and to be your eyes. There's a classy guy. And the other guy was saying to recover, can't you tell your next, I think you got a back witcher. The Democrats are running against the death dumb and blind, and they still can't get a leave. That's the kind of candidates they're putting up there. 560, 560, pound 560, on the AT&T, and realize them are all flying. I'll tell you, these people, it's astonishing to me. How you can't penetrate. I mean, where there's no sense there's no feeling. Nothing's good making a difference to them. We can have, we can come out over the weekend with a series of axe motors that the Bush or Chamey did or both. And while, you know, you're just playing a hip-hop right now, you're gonna say, uh, 30 tricks your desperate. 30 tricks. Here's a great fact. You're gonna be Bush promises to bring dignity and character back in the overall office. Are they brand names of vodka, Scotch or gin? Let me check in that out during the break. This is 60, 2AL, the office football only, or Traveo 560, 2AL. It's a V-meters thing. Exciting thing. It's a sign. It's a V-meters thing. It's a V-meters thing. It's a V-meters thing. It's a V-meters thing. It's a V-meters thing. It's a V-meters thing. It's a V-meters thing. It's a V-meters thing. It's a V-meters thing. It's a V-meters thing. It's a V-meters thing. It's a V-meters thing. It's a V-meters thing. It's a V-meters thing. It's a V-meters thing. It's a V-meters thing. It's a V-meters thing. It's a V-meters thing. It's a V-meters thing. The Tiger family's crazy. The Tiger family's crazy. The Tiger family's crazy. The Tiger family's crazy. Text 41.57,師query W o TR. How's that Warm aberrations out so far? Well, George W. Bush has Wein pushmen 21se hi get a different Darius Rosssonlusion. that mean. I mean, you're just right. Here's a moment for a lot of deal, hello? Yes, you have high effect. I'm doing okay. I just wanted to play a couple facts about this. I don't know if it came out. I really wanted to know, so I left my book, but the big change I need to decide is to run for West Everton, also admitted that when he was in his plans, he had to see I left as well. And, grow, I mean, clearing a book, excuse me, for a show, for the reason I told you, you're such a young man. He was 30 years old when he was a wrestler. And I saw the young lady, the reporter for Maine, the Gata story, and while he said he was driving slowly when he got picked up, she had talked to the police person and that person mentioned that he had just won into some bushes. And then he was driving away, and that's when he was poor, and he was a little bit older. I think that the guy from Cardball said that things that you know, some people were in court, and they were happy if a child and they asked him, they had been arrested. And at the time he says, well, I've done some things I'm not proud of, and you know, I really, my young girls, but he never answered the question. And what they're saying now is that when they are being the guy from the Cardball said, not how well they're, but the guy that used to be a campaign advisor for Clinton, and he, he's on the top shows now. He had some problems with women, etc. And he said that he couldn't, what could happen is that he was showing in mortgage papers or legal documents, where they typically asked you, have you ever been arrested? And the turns out that he did not throw up those papers properly that that would show no eye. Well, I know there's arrested in college for a few weeks or something, some college plank. I mean, but you know, the question is, how many are arrested and how many are the things that I really got to get to the meat of the matter, the abortion story, and the cocaine, and all the other stuff. I mean, for somebody who expected to vote for him for president and just say, well, and I think they happened before I was 40, I'm not telling you. And that's not acceptable. Well, being your youth, I mean, 30 is not the mark of law. I know, and then 39 certainly is an either. And I have a very face, you're talking. George W. Bush Jr. is touted as the savior to Republican party by the National Press because he pulls votes for minority voters and has his dead name and fundraising connections to run on. But before we annoyed him as the next president, let's look at what he's done with his wife and a nutshell, Jr. won grew up as a very rich child, a powerful parent, two partyed from high school until the time he was 40 years old, three made millions off, sweet inside of business the old, from political allies of his dead, who happened to be the president, and four got elected governor of Texas, mostly because of his name. And this goes on at great length and believe you may, I'll be very happy to read all of it. At least what I've got here in print. What's at website again? www.realchains.org slash Bush Jr. Bush Jr. Bush Jr. .HDM and it's now up on our website. And it's up on our website there if you didn't get it down. Here's a moment in my any, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I've got a couple of other factors. There was another story that broke yesterday, which I think is even more important. It turns out that you've known the situation the White House where thousands of emails that have been disappeared haven't been able to have been found regarding boards, campaign fundraising and California, that booty saying and some others of the other scandals. Well, the father of the internet apparently forgot that the fact that there are things such as packet tapes and one of those takes has been restored showing that Gore had knowledge of the fact that he was violating campaign finance rules on the fundraiser at the board of law and fair. Yeah. So what are how do you respond to that? What about it? Well, you know, you're talking about which more relevant. What do you think about it? You're going to be a lot of money. Why can't you? Why can't you? Why is that a lot? There are a lot of money that I can't get in. Do you want to have a conversation? Do you? That's my comment to you. Did you? Why is only the tip of the iceberg? A very small tip, like I was just saying, but you didn't hear it because you don't listen. You don't take a breath while that up here anything. When it comes to campaign fundraising and Gore's already admitted that with a Buddhist tempest up, there are a bunch of thieves, but at least he is committed and he's made such a such an ironclad commitment to changing that. McCain Fygler, which you had bought at your boys again. He's against it. He's not got to caught off his nose despite his face. Go off on his finances from his rich oil and pharmaceutical bodies into back with people. Don't confuse you with the facts. Nobody's sitting here saying that gruel is about many blemishes. He's a tonnish candidate at best, but that just like little big years will say last night, we got two horses left in the race. We got a horse and a horse is that. That's where you got left. And I'll read the same deal. Let's try to opposite. Let's try to take the big flash light and take the, you know, shine it over there in the other direction. Let's try and it's been shining in the direction for eight years now, with $60 and $70 million attached pair money, stand out and white, white, white, white, white, water and penis gate and travel gate and all the other crap. We couldn't amount to a peole on the snow. And I'm here's a guy who's talking about bringing the morality back to the white house, and there's shit at all the other book. I'd say we've only got two or four days left. How about, you know, being able to understand three or four days of a little spotlight in that direction. And said, just given us guy a free pass, which he's had his entire life. He was born with a sober spoon and his mouth, just like his daddy was born with a sober spoon and his mouth. Yeah, he had grandpa, but she gave daddy a proper, $5 million to get him started. Back at a time when $5 million was like a serious money. Not to mention Martha Washington there and all the money that her family has. They're just rural and then go. You're dipped in it. Here's for another day, hello. Yes sir. Good morning, round family Smith. You noticed nobody's talking about the parking, but it's been to the group country and to set them up. Yeah. How come nobody's talking about this? That's because it's all news, because nobody cares about that anymore. Yeah, it's all news. But you know, I think you have to be a cover in a party's eye. They're what? Yeah, they are. The FBI want. It's cover in a frame. Cover in a per what? Because you're not bringing all this stuff in. I mean, they're in a new office. And when you want to speak English, call me back and we'll have a great discussion about it. Okay sir. Or just forget about it. $5, 6,000, $5,60, pound $5,60 on the AT&T. I should just kept reading, you know. What's the point? Take a new idiot out of town calls. What the hell did those are want there? Travel off some mail for George. But George ain't here. I just wanted to make him paranoid. It's a bad bad. Look at it. Trust me. What is it? Some flip fetish thing. Oh, God, that's George. I'm going to really get worried about him. You know, eating too much of that bad ass. $21,400, $5,60, WQM. You cry, you bastard. What the hell was that? Oh, look at that. You're headed into that input thing because this was the board. He's a cramp. That's all right. Look at that. What are you looking at me like that? Oh, he's listening to the something off the internet earlier. And you have to do the thing with a button's on it. Because it's a Mickey Mouse board. That we bought it. Kmart. I'm sale. On this count. $7.84,5,60, WQM. $16,40,40. Well, George WDY, I was making a difference in the election outcome. $54,50,0. $16,40,40. And I'll show it again. If it was an isolated incident, if that's the worst of the guy who did, did he do? Not a big deal. But like some of the topic of publicans were saying last night, why not come out with it? See, unless this was part of an overall syndrome, and there's lots more there, why I keep it in the closet. And the other side of the opportunity to bring the springness. In fact, last night when he was making his soul politics at excitement and giving all the slain excuse about not wanting his daughters to know about this, he must have said four times in his two minutes a little speech there. But to say at least four times. I share his funny eye, I've just come out at this time, and I have my ideas about the whole world's country. See, that's not the issue. That's not what's important. The fact is that he did everything he could to keep this from the public. And what else is it that we don't know? He quarry minds, want to know. I'm a judge. Here's a paper and a polliner. Hello. What's up in the article? Okay. I'm a croxon, pariah. I told you to tell you that. That's how we put you on right away. I had two or three things to say. We all want you to be a standing target down there. You know how to down there. So, second I listen. I watch a very live last night. Yes, sir. And this democratic eye acts the reporting and congressmen that was defending Bush. A real interesting question. I'm here to ask. Well, you've run your election for congressmen or whatever, speech you run it for. And this come up about your opponent's 40 before the election. What would you do? And the guy couldn't say anything. You don't say anything. Don't say anything. But you still want to come up with this. It's okay that you're a pro. You know the Democrats come out with this free detective. But he still went after the question. He said, what would you do with your opponent? Something like this happened to your opponent. Somebody who rather than neck and neck race again. What would you do? He still can ask for the question. Yeah. He went on without the show. So, without air from the court. Second thing. He was a burn in the black community like the never-world before. A lot of black get nine votes. We really do this guy. The threat to us. Don't be surprised. The threat is the black vote. Careless guy. Careless boys who are making a ride. Great. Tell me. Yeah, it's more than it's about a 3000 people expected to rally down. Counting both early and off this telling man. The black vote on care to tell the shit. You're a pro. I never heard a pro like this before. All right. And one more thing. Yes, sure. I told my wife who's gonna be a pro. And the ballot too. Okay. All right. Ha ha ha. He hopes. Five six seven or five sixty pound five six. You have the sparches. You're gonna get out there and big numbers baby. And of course down here in Florida the Jews are gonna get out. They're gonna get out massive numbers. The old Jews are gonna be on their walkers. New wheelchairs. They're gonna be Christian and they're gonna be Schwap and that's right. All the old Jews are gonna out there. They're both a Jew, Leigh women. You got a baby. And Bill Nelson. And Elaine Blue. They're gonna be there. You'll see. You can just almost smell it. All this goody two shoes. Holy other than that. You know, non-partisan. We're getting people to work together. Yaddy at all the southern horsecraft. All of these lies. Which he. Great tells all kinds of exaggerations. But in Bush's case he just tells flat out lies. That's the thing about the patient's rights. But that was just an absolute lie. One of many. But those can choose those people with the facts. Because for some reason they're an animal. I could just be that tax-caf they think they're gonna be. They're only spending it. Even though most of Marka did it, they're already spending it. Sometimes just like 1980 or over again. And what would be great to have another Republican recession? Can't wait. See in the way that's written down about I do. Because then the market goes in the crap house. And when you're making some very serious money, then you can buy everything like dirt cheap like I'm sale. Yeah, even the abruising on sale. Here's your baby, Cholo. Delay. Hello. Yes sir. I am Neil. I've been waiting a long time to speak with you. My wife and I are people in our mid-70s. Yes. We enjoy your program very much. Thank you. And I'm very pleased that you're involved now in discussing this ridiculous race that's going on in this country. We have two candidates both of which are way nothing to do with our Zonkran. Uh huh. This is what I wanted to make. And you know what kind of happened last night. There was a man who was assisting that people who were moving and wish to buy a gun. But an overnight check and get the gun immediately. And he's combining about something that happened 24 years ago. Why was there always certain? Why was it this? Concert. When he was put forward with the candidate. Yeah. I'll say it again. The idea that somebody can want to run for president. So well, you can answer me whatever you want. But nothing happened more than 20 years ago. Well, what kind of a candidate did he? Artic. Right. One more thing which is the main reason I want to call you. Pop the bush. I'm not sure exactly one but there is president who is a member of the National Wifel Association. As a light member. We designed. I mean, you got to work like a year after saying. Right. You sent us feedback. Yeah. I'm wondering whether that's still the case or whether he joined again. No, he's out. You're definitely out. How did you give the card to Junior? Well, you're scared. Because there is a man who says, we've not written. But I wouldn't believe anything that comes out of his mouth. Okay. Okay. Thank you very much, Neil. She untoes me. But we're not saying, okay. I give her. By the crime site. She's only got one. I'm five, six, seven, five, six, five, sixy, five, sixy. I'm the 18, two, and the rise of our last line. We're a lane. Here's the LAB. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, yeah. Yes, sir. Okay. The first time call a long time was a long time. And to begin with, I'm not a registered Democrat. But, would you go and Democrat? I, you know, a quick and fast running on the Republican party. That is ridiculous. Another thing I wanted to get your input, or maybe some of your listeners. My wife and I went to a Catholic church and a very big, I'm not a military trail last few weeks. And we hear the priest get up and guidance, input, or imply that the people there wrote all the Republicans. So after the sermon, I approached the priest and I told them, I said, I come here to play and I don't come here for political future. Right. And, you know, they had the concept of audience. And, kind of few of the people who were exempted by, you know, remark. And I just want the people and know after that when they go, found by the staff that they're preaching. Okay, vote your heart because the budget's man out there is a grower. We change in much. Well, that's true. But, put them back to the event flash at all times. Okay. Have a good one too. Look for the QA event from 11 this morning to 1 a set note of Bill Siddles and David. I'm the University of Utah Instilling and Griffin. I give you a best of NLCD and consent and of course, put your nose in the back. Those NIP key change and teachers still majority will be there. Bill Siddles from 11 to 1 on David and University of Utah. What is that? In David, I'm the University, or is that in University of Indiana, because I know where this is to go, why? Can I use what happened to you? You started blowing your nose in and I think your brain's got to fight with the button. The crew did 10 this morning. I think it was after Joe Worcester, a bitching you off. 5, 6, 7, 8, 8, 5, 60. Well, not directly another sinner. If you always get to do it to an intermediary, that really cracks me up. That's what a pussy he is. Always has to do it to an intermediary. Bill, like a bunch of little chillin on that morning show. Little chillin. That'll be the theme song, Bill and Jay Kramer and little children. Here's Miramar. Yes, hello. Yes, hello. Yes, sir. Hey, nice talk and be in there. We're getting that schmuck, the wire driving incident. His mother, the other night admitted that she'd w with a heavy drinker until the age of 40. Now that's a hell of a lot of drinking from this arrest that's lady and quiet as ad. To the age of 40. Well, the word now is that he just drank and partyed in the school around until he was 40 years old. Many trapped there down the business. Yeah, okay. Now that's a lot of unquestionably heavy drinking. Yeah, and that's all. All those years of drinking that way. Yeah, wait, epic. But once, bring. Maybe that's why he speaks that way. Exactly. His mind and his body. It puts him in the category of an alcoholic. Could you like to take a look at his liver? Yeah. Dr. Agamatha. The brain is a knockout I tell you that showed. And this puts you w one drink away from returning to alcohol as an owner. And that's all we need in the white house. A substance abuser. Yes. Oh, yeah. That other stuff could come out in the next few days. I pray. I pray that it does. So when you know when you know when you know what, Joe Lieberman, when he first heard about it, what he said to one lady said, oh, hi. Yeah, he said, oh, yeah. Look, hi. Okay, that goes. Oh, God. I just had a lot of the spit-a-woth the phone there. What he said, I'm the way he said it. I had a walk like, oh, man, look at the color of that thing too. What's that? A birthday card from home. He's got from somebody's second-of-hand. I don't know who it's from, but Peter's letter just through. And now I already got a birthday card from Peter's letter. I don't want another one. It might not be from him. No, I'm sure it's not. I tell him to stay out of here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, on a AT and T and Verizon Wireless Line. Most juniors done some good work as governor of Texas E is crossed to partisan divide. He's got the minorities in tackle at least one tough, thankless issues. Go up on anything. His plan was voted down in the legislature. But three years, even fair good ones, is a pretty sure resume for the leader of the free world. No one doubts their curtains ability to handle punishment and come back for more. But first you're stamina and attention span of very real concerns. Furthermore, Bush's term has gotten, there has also been market-led corrupt, although possibly illegal ways. What we mean is he's taken millions in campaign contributions from certain big businessmen, many of whom were on the inside who were in on the inside of business deals that made him rich. And they're saying businessmen have received billions in sweet deals from the Texas State government doing Bush's term. Specifics like Al-Grood, Bush, and U.S. and A.M. In this case, Andrew, reprep and Yale, according to a newsman profile, he went to Yale but seems to have made you in drinking at the Duke House. He joined the Secret of Skull and Boam's Carbon-1968 as any good conspiracy back in tell you. His business career was marked by a mediocre or inferior which nonetheless resulted in them getting lots of money from his father's political allies. And his political career has been handed to him on a platter by his famous name and by his dad's cronies. The official or conservative punitive and dank cross former Chief of Staff says, the Bush network is the only genuine network of the Republican party in Irvia establishment. Juniors and Jet Bush recently elected in Florida, our first brothers to be simultaneously in his governor since the Rockefeller's. The union idea of how rarefined his upbringing was, George Junu had an argument with his mom at one point about whether non-Christians could go to heaven. Barbara Bush felt they could, George WWE didn't. The set of the spew they found out Billy Graham right on the spot, he sided with Juniors but warned him not to play God. Well recently Bush's performance during the South Carolina primary shows that he received the worst trait count of the famous Bush family. A vicious competitive myth that shows no compulsion about duty tricks, such as the phone calls by his surrogate, calling the king of our people the Fag candidate. And other loose shameless flip drops by busing his rude my lips known in taxes and Juniors very publicly fused on the middle of the gay law cabinet Republicans group until right before the California primary, which he claimed he was fine with all wrong. Not to mention somebody becoming a reformer after he got characca new Hampshire primary. And it goes on in the real. At great line, but don't confuse these people with the fact. Here's the latest this year in tracking per today Bush 47 growth 43 on the ballot in the one race that I am asking you to pay for particular attention to. Look at him. For free you'll five six. You can weigh a lie having more blood or a little of these league broadcast groups they share. Anybody have a lie? I'm done. We'll be well. I've heard a attention isn't really my birthday card from the South Carolina primary. So I'm still not going to play with you. What? Or is a method in my mind? This in fact maybe I will have to play one more bit for her show. If I keep first screwing up like this. If there's my birthday show then I'm entirely out of you. I don't think you bet. You're the best birthday card and here's a real ugly, it's a fag card. Here's the idea man. It's ugly. That's what happens when I have a straight sales department. There are cases in there. Back home. That's what Joseph, Joe Rose. High boy and Peter Letton which I don't understand who's this. I love the people who just put a initial done which I have no idea what they're like. Try. May you have a great, something. Todd Dreck Adam Adam says I know you wish you an answer to them. Yes, that's right Adam. Adam is the only one I understand and he gets it. He probably picked up the card. Anyway, 5 6 7 5 6. I'm going to read this rough later thing in a few minutes by Jonathan Oliver. I'm getting all the stuff out here today. Between the cars which are getting really geoelectric. 158. You know, that's because the younger people they don't care about any of those. They wish I was talking about the hockey game anything else. I'm okay. I'm like, I've got only three shows left today. Monday and then Tuesday on election day. We'll never find out for sure if I'm going to be voting in the right place there and there is a Victoria Park as that one is this. I guess it doesn't make any difference. Well, by me, if I go there and too long, I'm pretty sure that I'm a spirit. You're not voting in Victoria Park. I'm not. I live in Victoria Park. No, not Victoria Park. It's Carl. Something like that. Take you apart. Victory Park. As in Victory Park. As in Victory Park. Oh, yeah. On the court of our hubby league teams in sunrise. I believe. See, and I don't understand how you supposed to know these things. But if you don't have you on really your show and you go to the place where no, you're in the place where but it says on your little legislation because they say, oh yeah, you don't go on here. Go over there to that joint to that place. Kind of crap with that. Here's come up fine. Hello. Hello, I'm Neil. Yes, I'm Neil junkie. I'm here with all I could say that this is going to have an impact on the election. Oh, my god, my left ear just opened up. Thank God. I think something exciting just happened. Anyway, that's an avenue. I'm in there in twenty fingers. I mean, we probably can party the party of scandals. Yeah. But as long as it's not pointed at them. And you talk about the popcorn you get to take the idea that's a shame. As you search for the Democratic dirty tricks. I give that big poll every dirty trick on credit. You could check your thing at and he's still in there. That's right. I got a thing to fire water. And I don't actually have to have a thing. I would have to have been with the, they have to have a lady pregnant, they've won the bocink. Yeah. Are you going to be going to? No, we're not going to hit anymore about that. I think I got to who. Okay, well, I'm going to buy a couple times for a goal. Okay. I like your parents. Okay. Don't forget to know those. That's the story of the Bush campaign this year. They can smell it out. No. Yeah. Which of the good aspects were it says, Liverpool is there's a passage. Oh, sorry. I shouldn't have said that. Actually, I want to play that bit again. Five, six, seven, five, six. Don't forget the gals that the X-ray and brand are. Maybe on the way or maybe there or whatever. At both sides of the day, I'm university between Stirling and Githetic and all your new Rogers propagandical plant paradise. But we got, we got well over 40 grand. I'm sure it's for plant paradise by now. Maybe one of these days will be another turtle probably on Monday. We're on our way. Here's a lady in Margie. Hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, ma'am. It's our get into the end. It's good. Happy birthday. Thanks. I just want to say that. MSNBC this recorder Wayne Slater said that. Which is a liar because he was a while ago about any. Or whether charges. Any said, no, I haven't been arrested. Really after 1956. After 50 shifts? Right. And this happened in 76. Right. Well, that leads you to wonder what happened in 56. But that was the other thing. There's another thing in the college deal where he was arrested. Well, like you said, it's the tip of the iceberg. And the fact that people are feeling, I guess. Okay. You're very informative. Thanks. Bye. Bye. 560, 560, has the poor coming. Let you act. 100 72 votes already will judge the bushings. Do you know why I work? Make any difference in the option outcome. Well, look at that. Come at 72 votes. What's half of a hundred and seventy two real facts? 86. 86. 86. No. Okay. You can't know. The gallery is there. The site of the dying period to come by. He wants you. He wants you money for pen pair of them. Well, we're off wet wrong by Jonathan author and newswood magazine this week. It's his latest hoating not just Al Gore, but all the causes he has championed over the years. Jonathan author writes, when I was ten years old growing up in Chicago, I heard the Dennis Jordan is in town for the 1968 Democratic Convention chatting down on dump the hump. That fall day and million divided supporters of Eugene McCarthy believed there was no difference between human hampering and rich addiction and ridiculous breaking the stake in as we learned the hard way. When I was twenty two years old, I spent the summer of 1980 working for Ralph Nader. My job was to write part of a book about the campaign that year. I was responsible for chronicling third party candidate John Anderson. For all of our last iterations of Jimmy Carter, we understood that a vote for Anderson was a vote for Ronald Reagan. Even then I disagreed with made one several issues, starting with his unshakable faith in lawyers and regulators. But I developed a deep respect for his leadership of the consumer movement. Last year when several list were published in most important Americans of the 20th century, Nader's name was rightfully included, though credence was not. In recent years, Nader ambushed the streets of Washington on recognized. He wasn't quite a has been his group still loose in important work, but he seemed to figure from the 1960s and 70s. Now he's cool again, mob by unsupporters, and I don't think he doesn't and don't think he doesn't love it. When I saw him recently, his beef was with the press, particularly in the New York Times, we're not giving him enough coverage. Fair enough, and he and Papi can't ensure that it allowed him to release one of the debate. It was idiotic to be able to even from the audience. But my beef with him was bigger. By refusing to admit that there are deep differences between Al Gore and George W. Bush. By Creme to go see emotionally satisfying but factually an accurate notion of a demwrap pop out party, later with squandering his most precious asset, his intellectual honesty. Start with the environment, which the green party is supposed to be about. The under-support for gun control, why is growing such trouble in a state like West Virginia? Because he won't roll over for the curl and chemical industries that run the state. They know he's the most serious environmentalist ever to run for president. It's cruel when they go sheared to the Kyoto World, or cords on global warming, and got Clinton to set aside the most dangerous for conservation since Teddy Roosevelt. The Sierra Collin, friends of the Earth believed Clinton was following short, and getting some things true, as would be used to say a president later, but these are other environmental groups of enthusiastically endorsed Gore, over a GOP candidate who argued in Texas that compliance with clean air standards should be voluntary. Or take Creme to finance before, the signature issue of any NATO rights. A recent pressure that voters actually thought Bush would be better on that issue than Gore, though Bush opposes reform and gross approach it. This cock-eyed notion is a result of all the coverage of the Democrats' 1990s, such as that coverage was justified, but a combination would be endless GOP slurs on Gore's honesty and integrity, created the fully impression that Gore is A and somebody's pocket, and B not proclaiming up the system. NATO has said these canards. The fact is President Bush would veto the McCain-Fine Corps Bill Bendingsoft Money, but President Gore would look for John McCain in quite likely getting past. That will solve the problem of money in politics forever, or I make the perfect the enemy of the good. NATO voters, I consider what's been called the Ivan strategy after calm this molly Ivan. She urge is voting with your heart where you can and your head where you must. New York mayor will candidate Mark Green, who backs Gore despite having once the NATO's closest associate. Lastly, privately urge is a law to embrace that approach, which would mean campaigning in states like Texas and New York, or the outcome is pre-ordained, but not in Oregon, Washington and the Sotomayor, Wisconsin-Pensovani, Michigan and other Sotomayor states where he could truly cross-road the election. So far, NATO is not complying he's looking past the campaign toward building a movement. But he's growing about it in the wrong way, and a Senate Green Party who's any platform of abolishing the Senate and other left-wing idiotic users that may not signate of himself, will simply guarantee Republican presidents for the foreseeable future. NATO rights should have persuaded their man to run into the Democratic primaries. He might want to want a few, scared Gore, and push the party to the left on trade. That's the way real change occurs in American politics, and it wouldn't have given NATO the genuine authority craves instead he risks being marginalized by angry fellow progresses and remembered by history as a spoiler. That would overshadow all of these accomplished. NATO voters are under the illusion that a bush error, or some are harmless to them, are mere interlude to rally their cars. Many were in grade school when Reagan was present to get the consequences for progressive causes. There would be one thing if Bush were brilliant, but lazy, or six, but hardworking, but he is neither brilliant or hardworking, which means that the presidency will be essentially subcontracted, because exactly those corporate interests that NATO rights believe are threatening are democracy. That reminds me of the logic of those who extended the Vietnam War, courtesy of Nixon, and is unbending allies on the left. We had to destroy the village in order to save it. America is trying that well, it doesn't work. I started to learn by a John Alter, Jonathan Alter in the newsweek. What I'm talking about, we got to change it about his mind? No, not those NATO rights people, they're building it. I understand that you're a lot of the fire 60WCM. That's it. I went to an ODIET to carry out the challenge. Look before a former man, I'm the male. Everyone's hoping they're doing a thing. We're all making the mistake with you, they're being... That's fine, isn't it? Alright, Nikipani's home over to Delphine. We're back in at the jailhouse. Office of 47 was banging in May 3. They were the few scuffer that I ever seen. This morning, Nate was hiding me with a twitch. He said, come over here, so I can make you my bitch. So that's the fuck. They're gonna find out at that fucking hell. Nikipani's in at Delphine. We're banging at the jailhouse. Oh, the court officer was sitting on a lawn. It's a fault that his pocket was hiding stone. The war's dead fighting what you doing over there. Paggers up and in, make it quick, whack it in at jail. That's fucking... They're defying it at fucking hell. Nikipani's in at Delphine. We're banging at the jailhouse. Let me put the five scuffer to WCM. Don't forget, Miguel is over there. Go signals on baby and university between Steering Griffin Road. Got it? How come I can't say that right? Well, you know where it is. Five, six, seven, or five, six, you are just in there. You're in the bag today or what? It looks like you had a really, uh, not feeling right at all. Why? I got it. That's a sign of this congestion. Most of them held me a Roman the whole way there. It could very well be enough. So for people who are trying to lean a last leg. Really? Okay, do you have a cellar? We're going to have a B-Sane Cottage for Joe by 1230. We're going to be putting him away. And also I'll play that right, so we'll do all the apologies to the late Steve Allen. Well, yeah, he wouldn't like that. Here's what waterdale, hello. Yes, sir? Very happy birthday. Thank you. I love you, sir. Just a stop. Just a quick question here, off. With all the, uh, that is asking about, uh, you know, talking about the George Bush West, the Drunk Driving Up. I don't know what Kyle was saying, Ty's a father. He's a true need after the one need of product. He'd be chasing out. One need of Browdwick? Right. Who knows, that? The woman that was allegedly raped by the request. Yeah. And he's got Drunk's face there. There should be some kind of a father. And I know all the four of those who were working here. And a lot of them, I want to tell you something, they're content every part of his private party inspected from the inside outside upside down. But Jennifer Flowers, to Kathleen Roy, the monocular Winsky, who are you name it, and half of those others, how much more did they have to do to inspect their sentence personal life? Well, in addition to which, uh, I brought plenty of about that. There was nothing to it. Anybody can come forward, make some kind of accusation, but it was nothing to substantiate it. Oh, that's good point. Then they find out that there were troops in Arkansas, who had a clipped like poison, who were taking money to spread this crap. But I mean, you know, don't confuse anybody with the facts. Okay. What? Okay. Thanks. Okay. Thanks. Let's go back to collect the flex. The flex, the flex, the flex. Well, first in the short, last year in the, in the, in the, military, you know, national guard. So the flex, the flex, we're talking about him. You want to vote for him, but be your next president. Let's not talk about Bubba. And this one and that one and everybody else. Let's take a look at him. It looks to me like we have another Teflon Canada. There's a lot of works like to make. But we can do no wrong. Unlike his father, who could do a wrong, he had a Chinese girlfriend, Papa Bush, he did a wrong. Maybe that's why he peaked his gut. He's a, he's a, in Japan. Maybe he ate too much Chinese. 5, 6, 705, 60, 5, 56, the 80, and the 80, and the rise in my last line. Here's beefy of, hello. Oh, yeah. Yes, sir. On the first time, I'm, this is my 20 years old. This is my first time watching the Mexican coverage. I'm like, and I'm just like, thinking about it. Like, this is really odd how, like, what, my year ago, there were academic points for all his aggressions. And that's his guy with the D.W.H.R. Dick admitted or anything. And they're like, oh, well, it was kind of a long one. Oh, it was a long one. And like, nobody else, he got a flap on the wrench with the D.W. I don't know what the law was back then, but I know what it is now. And he just got a flap on the wrench. Nobody's saying anything about that. Yeah. Also, I also not saying anything about the fact that it was part of a 20 year long drinking problem that he had, but he claims he's overcome, but nevertheless, there are also allegations of other substance abuse problems like cocaine. And we're also what else. Anyone answer any questions about that? Yes. And, like, or MSNBC, I was watching this morning, they reported a week story. How, I remember how you mentioned how, he kept saying five, about the five counts, and he mentioned about who we'd be story. Yeah, and about to have a five-year time in, yeah. And she, like, comes on, she's like, all the lawyers who gave me the, if I made tea voluntarily say he was a democratic delegate. And she doesn't find that suspicious and nobody else does that. Uh-huh. And no one asked me questions. These are questions that I would like to find out the answers to. You, but. But no one else has asked a question. That's all I had to say. Okay. Thanks, Juan. The fact that he lied to his daughters, and then makes this lame excuse about what he didn't want to end the door. He didn't want them to emulate him in such a dirty, drinking while they drove. And they come on, that's his lame as a kid. And they just had that post-boss woman on there again. And she was like, uh, Schmidt, no pants had a look of panic on her purse. Because they do have, uh, a record of him being asked. And I think they had the date, the time, the interview, 1996, whether he was ever arrested, and the comedy again, or whether he was ever arrested for drinking. And as response was, uh, I don't have a perfect, or something like that. I don't have a perfect track record. But not, but again, you want answer those questions. Now, that makes them a man of great integrity, and a man of tremendous backbone, and a man of great characteristics. Then, hey, go for it. Grab all the bus you can, baby. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm going to give you a different guy. I'm going to depend on a true independence, not a little public and hiding his woman. I voted for Clinton, but why, you know, and, um, gorgeous, they can be thick and much stomach. I can't stand the guy. I can't say a lot better for bus, but I will be born and for bus. No, no, no. We got in there. I'm not of anything that he may have done, right? I play, I play with my opinion as I think, I was against the witch-hunter. They did against Clinton, back in the day. Um, I, I, I do believe that there's no one in this world. If you really, uh, put your, I put into it that will come up clean if you're, or private life is, Yeah, but I've been in this. Let me answer that. Give you our comparison between somebody who has a school to run the, you know, sexually, you do all comparison between that, which gives you this about all our presidents have done. And somebody who has a substance abuse problem and lies about it and covers it up. You think that there's a connection? I don't think there's a connection, uh, exactly to what the level of a, a cause of, of each issue, but I do. Well, I mean, I mean, that's going to be sitting in the White House and have a single on the button and possibly, opportunity to work the entire world and be making crucial decisions. Uh, don't you think that that's got to be similar we can trust? Uh, but I mean, I would say nothing under the sex life with this penis. And you're a neo-empolyce, I don't think there's anybody you can trust. Uh-huh. But, you know, the fact is that I am against all these witch-hands and people trying to find, you know, who's got the better character? I'm a man of issues. So, that's so that one of the issues that you're alive. What does it say you like about a bush? What is he doing to the table? Well, I'm against the government. I don't want government intruding in the world. You're on the, are you just, you don't want government intruding in your life? No, I see. And the Republican party is the better, the party keeps looking in your bedroom. Texas is one of the few states left with one of those old, autonomy laws that makes even married couples or criminals. Even unless it's face to face intercourse, every other sexual rights in the state of Texas is illegal. If you're buying an improper gang of sex, the Republican party doesn't, this is just nonsense. Uh-huh. The party is still a government. They're the party of fascist governments. They want to stick their nose into the world of women's women. Tell her she has no right to have any destiny of her own body. You think that's no government? I don't want it to be the issue here. Oh, okay. When you don't want it to be the issues, of course you don't have a leg to stand on. You're an idiot. I don't want it to be the issues. You can't debate the issues because you have no substance. Arsh and the said substance shouldn't have said that. There's a good lesson probably to kid that. When you get your own radio show, don't call smart, not near when you have a bad cold. That's why I'm discussing. You know, for a stroke of the DCS, it takes only two seconds. Oh, a nice clean one for you. Nice clean one. See, I gave the guy a lot of time. I tried to have a discussion with him. I asked him what it was that he liked it. I mean, you know, I'll talk to the Bush people, but the problem with most of them is they don't have anything rational. There's nothing rational. He's against all the rich ones. And the government's got to do with care to the issues. That's him. Or he's for small government. See he's violated that propaganda about all girls. All girls going to expand government. We've got a smaller government. Not a hundred years ago. And girls want to be behind that. Downsized in government. But though it confused anybody with the fact, he doesn't like real period for whatever the reason. He don't like the way he looks. He doesn't want to take a shower with him. Whatever the deal is. I don't know. I'm not a big fan of his either. He gives me the creeps to the honest with. But he's the best we got. And he sure has saved his shoulders. Literally and figuratively. I'll get a bunch of those drunk from Texas. Here's a mobile and blatant B channel. Yeah. Yes, sir. Alaria. Okay. First of all, I got to just call them about smaller government. Yeah. And since Governor Bush became Governor of Texas, the Texas government has grown by 8%. That is correct. Government has gotten bigger. Right. And they talk about corresponding. Gordon does want to spend more than Clinton. But it is a smaller percentage of the GDP. They don't understand that. Right. So these people are way off. Also another while you can add to George W. Bush's list is that he says he is not had a drink since 1986. There's a website. It's GWBush.com. You go there and you can see a picture and even download a small segment of video of him. Drunk has a scum drinking bourbon at a friend's wedding. 1992. I ride. Look at up. GWBush.com. 1992. That sounds like it's only eight years. Maybe my math is for him because I have this headcode. But that sounds like it's only eight years ago. And that's exactly what you said. You can even add another law. And also, if you go to this website, you click on Mopai Media. You can hear George Bush. He's the activist website and tried to have it shut down. Yeah. I've got that stuff here. Yeah. But when questioned about it, he said that there ought to be limits to freedom. This man is a garbage man and we're aware of the site. He said that there ought to be limits to freedom. And you can see the quote and the source and even download an MP3 and hear him say it. So this guy is a liar. He is a scumbag and it is all held up. Break loose. He's elected. All right. Have a great day. I've got the thing about the websites that they've tried to shut down. If I had many of them, they had shut down. His campaign quietly and probably illegally bought up over 200 anti-Bush domain names, including BushStux.com and BushBites.com and BushBlo's.com over a year ago. And legally, because he introduced the register as a candidate, as part of the method to make it look like people were begging him. So spending money for his campaign was not allowed. If you type in any of those URLs you end up at Bush's official website, it's campaign refuses to say, whether this name is the admit that he buys blows and sucks. That's as maybe he used to be the White House entering. If you wanted to set up one of those sites, we'd easy because many good names are still available. The Bush Camp somehow neglected the purchase. Bush is a prick.com, Bush is root.com, or BushStux.com. So, set it up as next to yours. From these six minutes, you have to, I love it at the time, 60WQAM. You can go to the site with the best of any of those stuff. Don't forget about that. I was having a ring! One, two, three. I made a few college in average this week. I have a lot of money. Put on, look at what's right. I can't see you, but you both are the only ones you've got to do. But I could say one thing that you can. My dad, a user next to President Stan, I got money. Power is up to the lose. I can do everything I do. The thing that a cash is, all I need is that a time of eco and not green. Manipulated marketing is all I use. The carnivore for more honest is like you. This is a kind of schoolening carnivore I have. This is a good thing I love that man. You can see from Amber to her boat for George Bush and those of you who don't, you can get my toy. If you want matters to me about the presidency, is that a makes a nice conversation to see. On the King of Denial 2, I have no problem. Life is a huge. So why the door is on board for you to know. Wherever or not I did know. I didn't know. I didn't know. I didn't know. I didn't know. I didn't know. I didn't know. When I looked at the old bloated and we all packed. When I put it up the car, I was in straight in pants. You can see it. I got a car. I got a car. I got a pretty wonderful 50 WQM. So the girl is lonely over there. They're a girl's idols on the in daily. I'm university between stealing and riffing. He's got a lot of best in the year. But 100 bucks. Very more of his cash money. Go there for 100 bucks. So be good. I want to car. So let's deal with it. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Here's the lady model of the group. The kid. The kid. I think that it's just cut out. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes. Hi. Hi. I'm confident he heard of. That's what I said. Yeah. Okay. So maybe you'll be interested in it. I was kind of. What's been in? To listen. I'm an independent man. I will be voting for last night. I can grow a boat making me six months. That's right. What's the point? Well. I don't know. Oh, you don't know. It's a boat making me out. Yeah. Well, listen. I got a scoop on a normal column. Yeah. I was going to rest on one of the night. The rest runs in four water. Yeah. He's a cheap tip. I really know about 30. He's here. He's like 10 bucks per hotel. He did. How did you know? He's already caught. He facks that tourist last week. Yeah. They sent his a cheap pick. Did they fact the coffee of a bill, I run it to do that. No, but I'd love to see it. And you know what it first name is? I don't right? No. I don't what? Yeah. Just name is I right deadby on the column. Where does that mean you should arrange yours? Wow. Where do you get me in my car? Okay. Thanks. That's really sweet, Art. Okay. Why can't you trunk? She had a facks to twist. No, he's name is Iro. Yeah, but Colum. That sounds like a. I got a few Jewish name. Oh god. Have another day sweetheart. She's home for later. Why? Oh, I don't know. I just don't like the other day. I mean, this is what you're dealing with. You know, something I have felt this for years. And I'm going to say, it's just like the thing with jury duty. The same thing. The idea, this business of a jury of your peers. The, the, the, the deal with such morons out there. If your life is on a line. Just like the OJ trial. Much of morons there on that jury. Much of Boto births and professionals farters. And the same thing with elections. You may not can elect you in the population here. You should have passed some kind of a strict test before they're let your vote. But this, that was should have to be done. Yes, somebody will wire wire for the for the for the. Oh, I don't know. I hear. And the counseling is Iowa. Yes, so what is that in 40 cents? The buy about a third of a cup of coffee, okay? You turn about a third. God. Here we go. These people let you hear. These are the ones that are going to be out there on Tuesday, they voted. They don't mistake about it. And these people are calling on me. Show the complaining about the people on those focus groups. They say that that's you folks. That's you. That's America. The busy watching the regios on it, like they just discovered in his 150 years old. Now regios is the hottest thing going. And a quick, a cliche with the answer, what color is an orange? Here's Carl Gibblas. Hello. Yes, sir. Um, something missing, you know, the colors. They're, they're getting on the bushes. Half. But apparently they all love the Kennedy's. And the Kennedy's are much better. Kennedy's not running right now. George, do you see this reflection business doesn't work on this show? The Kennedy's not running for anything. They're drunk from other reason. They're rapists. Yeah, well, they're not running in Florida. The Kennedy is running in Florida, sir. That's okay. The Kennedy is on the ballots, sir. Which one? That's what you're always on. Okay. Five, six, seven. I never did say it's all right. I said there were a bunch of collouses. Was that the old man was a quick joke Kennedy? And they're the kids who are a bunch of collouses. I do like Kennedy. He's a great senator. But you have to do it. He's a drug. But you know something? We all really know about that. And very joke. Perfectly he's still there. There's no secret in there that there are a bunch of drugs. There's nobody knows that. He's been there a divorce again here from his 80-50-right pit. But it's no secret. And they elect it all. And he knows that. And he's still keeping a lot of team over over there. It's one thing to know at that say we don't care. It's another thing to lie about it. And then say here's a man we're voting for because of his character. And he's going to bring morality back to Washington. You don't want to hear that, do you see? You don't understand that. The Kennedy. The Kennedy. The Kennedy. Is anybody in Kennedy running down there? I think they even showed him Kennedy. He's running. Here's why he's dead. Hello. Oh, the morning. Running from Graham James. His back as he can. Yes sir. The late now, surely. The first woman for the Bush. Was that the author? Be Arthur. Yeah. You don't want to. How old is Bush right now? He was like she was getting married by that. How old is Bush? Old enough to know better. I don't know 50 for or something like that. Okay. Well, I think he's a hard hard answer to everything A question was it was an end of this question when he was a youth. Now, when he was 30. Yeah, he was a youth. He was a 34 years old. This guy did not hold a job when he was 40 years old. Right. He was unemployed. Well, let me say it again. See, there's one line in this stuff that I was reading before. That sums it all up. Perfect. If I can find the damn thing. And that is for he partied from high school until a tiny was 40. He was given everything he had. And he posted on the shed again. From the time he was in high school, the timing was 40. He drank, collows, and screwed around. That was his life. And also disappeared for that last year of his military duty in the National Guard Alabama. Never showed up. Which nobody wants to talk about that either. Every time they mentioned that I want to show it, they glossed it over like it doesn't count. What these apologists fail to understand. Especially the ones with these distinctive action down on Miami. Uh-huh. For how many of them are I going to talk about? I'm going to pay them a minute. Wait a minute. So I'm sorry to back. So we haven't had a Cuban people come in here today for Bush. What the last few apologists are just gone? No. Well, they have to literally not. The, uh, you think they're the Cuban people who are not willing to publish. Notification. They don't have to even bother voters. They are actually older than. The, the, the, the, the, the, the hypocrisy that that the, the G.O.K. has. They're the ones that have been preaching or I already. What wasn't been, hasn't been the Democrat that were preaching or I already. But, uh, you know, Clinton has been a problem and there's actually a problem. But they never want to allow them things. No, no, no, no. I know. No, no, no, no. Clinton hasn't been a problem because Clinton was screwing around in the White House. That's what he was doing. Just like almost every one of his predecessors and the gotcha Republican right wing runa takes. This is their tactic. Don't you understand. This is always how they're going to make it. We caughtcha gotcha. They only probably said a group in their face because then a long-paying where he fled and we had the Bob Livingston scandal and the Henry High scandal and the Dan Burton and the Jillian McKinsey scandal. And we found out that there are a bunch of scumbags too. There hasn't been any Clinton problem. Clinton's not a drunk Clinton is the cocaine, uh, starting cocaine. He's, he's, he's no federal daughter when he was in the college, whatever. George W. Bush, he couldn't, the Clinton's ass. I'll tell you right now. He's not in the same category as a human being with the, still Clinton's got more bangered as well as a finger. Bill Clinton spent the last eight years negotiating world peace agreements with leaders that George W. Bush does need it all what their name is. Even if he did he couldn't put out some. So please don't insult Bob, by putting him in the same category with his lunch head. But his right way. Who's on the bridge? You're just being handed the presidency because his name is Bush and because a bunch of rich assholes of the sighted, he should be there. There are mouthpiece. He's the spokesman. Or speaker of the spokesman. Twenty-two till the time 62 am. This is five sixty. You a year of a lie, I am not an accent. I saw all the jones in the house today. Like a parkour. I saw a little boy. It turned my eyes. What can I say? It sounds one way. Worst thing in the face, it's a late fight over. It's so hot to bat high. Six weeks ago, the five sixty of the trims, so we fight out that there is an L-Kennedy running on the ballers. That data borrowed a little bit. I guess it isn't. Running for something. Closer court in bigger bars. So I take that back. The risicated running. He's not Jewish and he's not a drunk that we know. So sorry. Five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Well, George is a WDWC's new wire rest. They could do it in two days election. That's our pro question today. Anyerwangers.com. Hundred nineteen say no, but a hundred seventeen say yes. Out of turn and twenty six votes. Here's George you right now. It's a matter of fact. George you're approaching. What do you got to say about it, George? By the time the president, we'll waste no more time preparing to defend the American people. Thirdly, as president, I will see this moment of opportunity to build a military of the future. A military is strong. But we cannot rest. The world moves forward in technology and we must move even faster. We will invest in military technology that takes years ahead of any challenge. Our heavy forces will be lighter. Our light forces will be more powerful. And all will be easier to move across the globe. This will require spending more and spending more wisely. I will commit an additional twenty billion dollars a year for a twenty billion dollars to defense research and development. What is it? The best way to keep the peace. Not low. What was it? To redefine a world. So, he memorizes fairly well. Did all the stuff that they program in. Once he gets a little bit off the track. It's like, when I was just supposed to do here, he hasn't got a freaking clue. And this is he. Outstanding less money to defense than. He is the fence. So, his proposed defense budget is less than our goal. That is correct. Just like his program for education, considerably less, much less than our goal. He's holding no help for middle-class people with their college tuition for their kids. Well, you should have lost P.O. last night. This was incredible. About the great program he's accomplished in Texas hand. About how they help out the parents. You got to go out there and do do do do. And work you out of work you out of work you out of work you out of work you're a bunch of. And they say, they do this. They do that. They like, they don't have off. Whatever shift they want. They take in. I get a job the rest of the day. Not a couple of them. They government can't do that. Government can't help. You know, they. You got to do your stuff. You got to work you way through there. We're not persuading and do do all over the place. And the best part of it is you know that there isn't other than Lery who just sits there. Ms. Mori. There is one person in America who's paying any attention this proof for the big year. It's not one. Here's your field. Hello. Yeah, Neil. I just can't believe this guy was hurting himself before he decided to. And we thought you started to become like, you know, a normal person you was drinking. I mean, who needs this? This is my president. Yeah. I want to money my life. You know, most people are 40 years old. You know, you don't family or whatever. He's selling his wild out. So there's probably in part he considers you to be a young whiplish net. But when you're like 35 or 39, I guess. You know, my other point is, you know, we have a chance here with, you know, I don't want to see Joel even as little a year old on 3D right now. Not a good idea. No. Why is he on there? Shut the head for this little mother. And why if I don't want to. Hey, hey, well, thank God I'm not watching. I'm watching Bush. I'm happy to see him and do a movement. Amazing if this Bush wins. I tell you, it just said. Yeah, no, no, no, no, no, no. West, the L4S, the May, the L4S. People will realize. People will realize. They will know for this guy. Okay, now, both to your 4th time, just to make sure. I hope I was looking good for it. Okay, I'm playing. I'm playing by Wilhotard or Nikes. No, my brush. Yeah. That's what we say. I think I'm going to bring the food here. We're polishing here, by the way. I'm getting really exhausted over here speaking of Jewish people. That's Scott Marrake. Anything in the evening? What you call them like hours ago. Intense. He's like an eternity ago. And when I last left here now, just barely barely hanging on. Feed a car, baby. Feed a car. The odd of a feeble. I got no fever. I'm as cool as it could come up. But this freaking cold. Oh, man. Here's our product up as tight as a snare drum. My skin is as dry. And I don't think it's a cold. I think it's allergies. Just got the sign of sick. It's the spikkin Florida allergies. Every kind of doorway anywhere else. My skin clears up. I don't have all the dry, cakey, flaking, skin. And like, you know, and I can breathe. My sign is just open up. Come back here. Like that. Just like that. And look like that too. Out of town line is open. You better call while we're still on the air over there. Okay? Because you never know what they're going to do because you're out in four miles. 877-785-6345. That's our turf food worldwide number. 877-785-6345. Here's Kendall. Hello. Happy birthday, now. Thank you. I was wondering, when are you going to send a band down towards you to Kendall? Or are you as one somewhere? Probably as soon as that one of our salespeople finds a sponsor down there. But he can decipher an offer of campaign on that. That's the way it works. It looks like to me. I don't think it's on the keychain. That's that. No. What about the river? I don't get him down there. They'll enter somewhere. I'll be sure in time to get a huge piece of the line. Thank you, dude. Okay. Very quick. Thanks. You know, let's get one that, okay. Let's stop button blind and those people are sales department and manipulate Miguel. If anybody's going to manipulate Miguel, I'll be the one to do another. My hand to you about 560-050-60 pound-560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Same thing over here. We try to raise money for charity and leave it to our sales department. We're going to stick their nose in there and try to use this as a... They make me ill. Make me really sick. I noticed blind didn't sign my card to. That's good. I don't want to have my birthday card polluted. Here's a mobile address palm. Hello. Hey. Yes, sir. You're nearly there. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Thanks. We're like bush pal. We're like bush. I'm an idiot. That's too bad. Just isn't the bush plant. Really good. You waited for like 25-30 minutes for that. I hope that maybe if you'll go, I hope you'll squeeze me a little harder now. I hope that all the puss comes out. 560-050-60 pound-560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and candle. Yes, sir. Yeah. I'd kind of feel like it's a good... If I bet if you wanted to bake it with them. Well, I would have to bake it with you about bigger government. Yeah. Well, I have three times the time of our... Wrong. Absolutely wrong. I hope to make people adjust to read me the propaganda that you've got written down to stuff a bush and sent them to the base. And even a child out there is laughing at you, sir. Just for repeating the same mindless crap. Wrong. Absolutely positively wrong. If you take the time to sit and watch MSNBC or CNN or even guide them right when Fox News and see them break these things down and show you the facts and figures, or maybe read a news magazine like Newsweek or Time or somebody that's like in the middle of the world, maybe you'll find out for you for a crap. I'm not interested in debating anybody. I'm not going to debate. I'll write you made up your mind and the good luck you. Okay? I'll write you a news magazine because you've already made up your mind. Smaller government. That's your Republican Party of the 80s and 90s and not the new millennium. Smaller government, right, which means basically, well, I've got to help anybody who needs the government to have them. Well, we're going to do a stick on those in our bedroom and in your room and up your ass. You're not fooling anybody, sir. Here's a more than four-later bill. Yeah, sir. You should have played Bush as he was saying, I'm going to restore honor and dignity to the live house. Yeah. Has he's leaving the podium and Michigan there? Oh, do you say that? Yeah, just now. Anyway, you say that, and he said the last rounds on May. Mr. Carter here. And in an ordinary public, yes. On the profile of County, that was its spokesman from last night. Right. Okay. Are you sure to say, sir, did you see you this morning? She's okay. She probably weren't depends now, though. She's going to really answer you. But very good at panic. Fox News and Fox News.com. There are now describing it as an out-led-em-powered gift. Uh-huh. Okay. There's literally, you know, they're switching and eating, you know. I think they've left and left a letter off of that. Good day, Wayne. And in an ordinary public profile, sir. She said, this is about it. Just after the governor's reelection in 1998. Yeah. The first morning news, Wayne slurred a press blush about whether he'd ever been arrested. He said, after 1968, no. I said, what about, I said, what about the fair night in 1968? He said, well, and at that moment, parents took in and said, when a minute, I've not heard this. She clearly wasn't prepared for where the back, for what he was about to say, and he shut up. He said, no, after 1968. And we just have to put in, why? In 1976, which is, uh, sound like eight years after 1968. Yeah, he's all over the place. I mean, he's arrested and he's, uh, substance abuse not. Just like, you're absolutely right. He's a right way, okay? He's gotten to your, not based on merit, but based on a full of action for legacy. Because his daddy was permanent, that's how he got into your life. And he would be the candidates that's good enough for the bursions. He avoided military service. He had not built it that waiting list of thousands of names. He got into the Texas National Guard. It's a very, very year. Right. Um, that's set up in business by daddy and daddy's connection. Yeah. With a business failure, with drinking a full age 30, so we found Jesus. Right. And then, he ended up a daddy's name and put a real shithead, really cunning him, and with your 600,000 dollars, became the managing partner of the Texas Rangers. And he's not a house of that. Not just doctors like him so much and thank him for trading away, Sammy Sosa. They made his investment worth 14.9 million. Exactly. And because his last name was Bush, that's how he got to the left of Governor, a Texas that his last name was Joseph. There's been a way about he would have gotten to the left and was what could have Joseph. Such a similar, a name, blood-tromb governor, where he's got the choice, the environment. He can have the worst air pollution. Yeah. Smoking. Okay. He got him. I've got to go up the keep going. Just keep talking. You right on it. I said, Curtis, Joseph. The cops, you tried to keep it. I thought I was going to go. You're scared to call. You're scared to call. You're scared to call. You're scared to call. Yeah. What? What? What? What? What? Okay. I can't hear you. You're scared. I can't hear you. Well, no, he got to call. Yeah, I'll call. What? Yeah, I'll call. Well, I can't hear you. I can't hear him, that's what he called. Fuck back to the court. It's my son. I think I just run a dog load off of your bone. See when you're not playing that well on Luke's heart. You still have to be after play to it. You have to play to the floor. You have to go play to your problems and you have to win some big games. I can't even do that. I come from down to you. I just run my play. Not these excuses like we're getting here from BM and TM. What's you them to long? Wouldn't it be ironic that's the cap tomorrow? That's the old tune. Both be an anti-M. Wouldn't be ironic if that's the extra the perfect attack sends them on their way. That would really be something. Here's a lady mobile in the hood sound, hello. Hello, I don't find you how are you? Great. I was just calling because when I heard that waiting from the keys that such you get a vote for Ralph Nader. And she couldn't tell me why. Obviously there is something going on as far as the Nader camp and the group camp that they're doing self-swapping. That's a bunch of stuff. It's not going to work in its ridiculous. It's not it's not going to happen. All these people vote for Goa and they were otherwise going to vote for. They don't say why doesn't the money for the next one? The leader isn't getting five percent. He hasn't got any chance. The latest pro-mation-wide he's got from depending on which pro you're looking at. That's two to three percent. He's not going to get five percent. It's not going to happen. He's not going to get the $12. He's not going to pass Goa and he's not going to get the five percent. I just don't want any votes being taken away from Goa to go to Nader. Great. Exactly. From that far one, Paul. That's why we're that the article Jonathan Altres article about the leader. Anybody that really has an open mind about the rebate. That'll be a case reader. Bye, bye, bye, bye, bye. We're John McLaughlin with Jay. Bye, bye. Still out in tune, that's your home. Is that tonight? I think that's right on the clock. K-P-A. No, I'll be home. I'll be home there is it's on PBS. I believe I see it on the weekend. I don't know. Maybe on that public access channel. So all over the place. Bye, bye. 157. At least, you know, there's an option with a set to him with a gentleman. This is 560. UAL. 480. 560. W-A-M-I. Have you fought longer than a measly broadcast group station. W-Q-A-M.com or in the world. What do you mean? Why do you do this for me? Please, dear me. I'm afraid. When it comes to the magical musical story, gentlemen, nobody does it better than the legendary riff-flafing. And now you can get all this mess on one hour with Raffio Rama. Chibi, get a little bit of a dance. A little party will need to pop. Remember every day to be sure and get away so you do not be a teacher for your class. A ball between field sales winner, none cuts the bone like riff-flafing. You can always mess in one hour from the bookers of the jail, the little fireman. So, time when you are lazy, well-just like a little game, you ballty does not buy your man. You gotta pit for a riff-reppy kitchen right line on you with a dark crystal subject. You don't even know how to bounce your bad. You don't even know how to bounce your bad. You don't even know how to bounce your bad. You don't even know how to bounce your bad. You don't even know how to bounce your bad. You don't even know how to bounce your bad. You don't even know how to bounce your bad. You don't even know how to bounce your bad. You don't even know how to bounce your bad. You don't even know how to bounce your bad. You don't even know how to bounce your bad. You don't even know how to bounce your bad. You don't even know how to bounce your bad. You don't even know how to bounce your bad. You don't even know how to bounce your bad. You don't even know how to bounce your bad. You don't even know how to bounce your bad. You don't even know how to bounce your bad. You don't even know how to bounce your bad. I didn't know what the rest was about. I didn't know that the trails nobody did accept. This is an SMBC win. It's no. You said no. He said no. He said no. I asked him. Well, he said no. He said no. I said no. I said no. The plan I did is 68. I thought he said, well, wait a minute. Let's talk about this. I thought boy said, turn to this. I said no. He said the word no. That's a fact. I remember very well. He also remember that the confession I had, why after that was. He wanted to talk about something. We now know what was about this. He heard now that Karen is saying, don't know what she's saying. But I'm going to say he did not. He said no. I remember exactly what happened. And he did say the word no. But Karen also says, if the governor and she are lucky to be in person. And he said, I felt something that happened. And it's right. So why did that happen? I was there. That's what he said. That's it. That's it. How do you like that? Thanks, I wrote. It's got an election. It's got an election. Something not. It's going to let them have a lie. They have some lie. You're not the combat. But that would do that. How do you like that? And we got to describe him. The battle morning news, Wayne slated the reporter. Yeah, had the interview with WD and he said, I asked him to specifically. If he was ever arrested after 1968 and he said, no. And then he asked him about before 68. And then that's when Karen used that bitch, the presser, where all the secretary stepped in there. I want to talk about what's going on here. Leave that WD alone. Okay. He's off his feet today. Give him a quick break and get him out of here. How do you like that? Where there's smoke? There's fire. Limes with fire. Exactly. I couldn't say it better myself. So what do we got over there? You're going to eat it all? I thought, I like it. Salad isn't here. I figured maybe Hank's dad's might not pass something. Yeah. But a lot of the big, all right there. What would you do come in here? I'm quick, man. You got a boy. That was one of the quickest ins and outs you've been Jeff Con. Couldn't match that. You have a fork in there. I have a fork and I'm all set. I would pick me up for a next one. I don't take so long this time. I'll look you as again. Here's a mobile in my alley. Hello. Neil? Yes sir. I know Neil. Great. Now that lunch is here we're doing good. I'm going to hook for me to then I can explain why. Yeah. I'm going to hear it. I'm going to hook for a second. Go out and push at it so soon. Now, they don't have a chance. Next election will have a real election. Yeah. People fighting for this and we'll get a real result. And then what? What are you going to do? They're doing our basic business. They're police state. Okay. I mean, we should get disaster. Yeah. We'll talk with a few years and then we'll get a real election. Okay. So now we're doing what you're going to have. I'm going to make you get a help. I'm voting for neighbor. You admit that. For the greater good one we have neighbor. I will have it. We'll stick to the company better. Yeah. Okay. Especially a brilliant logic. See, but that's two major people who've had the day. They both between the two of them couldn't get arrested. And a kind of way to remember the DUI. Hey. We did not answer the question yesterday. But we're blind. I do not have a perfect record as it used. So the suggestion by Karen Hughes is that he'd already answer that question sort of in the affirmative in her opinion. It's a question. 560, 5050, 5060, 2560, 8560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. It's getting real smart me now. And this story about not wanting to do a bursty daughter is or giving me a bad real model. Is anybody with a brain buying that? Oh, no. So cover up a part of a pattern of reckless growth. Test behavior until the age of 40, which, you know, whether you're, whether you can demo it or not, or you're saying it's ancient. That should be up to the American public to decide, will the facts. I have somebody to come out and say, well, I'll pay you what I wanted to tell you. You know, that's not. Which is basically it's been say no wrong. And I will begin to understand why. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing? All right. You're already talking about how bad broke Canada track. Yes, they are. What's going to happen if we keep going like this? Who are we going to get through on? Almost five. Uh huh. Why? I mean, this is, I get news for you. I'm going to find speak about as good as this. Well, you know, I can understand the partnership and I can go both ways on it. But it's kind of disgusting. I mean, we're going to the country. We're going to be able to run, you know. It's going to be a who's going to be next? Well, unless we have campaigned finance reform, the others are going to be able to write a set of all these richest for a blast like George W. Right. And what actually I want to go on the alert now with going. And what? We're going to have to do it with the government order. At least we're going to dedicate it to the country. Are you going to? Yes, I'm here to find just quite a campaigned finance reform, which pushes again. Okay. But you know, something that I can see here and say they had it for a year and had a chance to bring it for them to have. Then they have. They have it. Republicans have killed every chance they've got. They had a year. They can't do it again to a public in Congress. You know, I just, I don't know. You know, I don't know. I don't know. They'll be back last night. I tell you what, when this news came out last night, all of this stuff. We've got a lot of people going. You know, we're doing right now. We're going to show people five from 25 years ago. And it doesn't matter who, where was that? I was the same thing. I don't want to hear about that from 25 years ago. I know you think it's important. If they didn't tell the truth, and I can understand that a little bit. Sure. When a person is running based on morality and character, it is important. I don't know how to say, if only heard that. The all I've heard about, so security is not. All I've heard about is I've heard about it. I've heard about it. I've heard about it. The better piece. He talks about it near me. He makes he just got your say in the mission. I've heard about the restoring morality back to America again. Okay. So everybody, we're talking about morality 25 years ago. We're running out of money. We're talking about what he's been doing in interviews up until last night, consistently all along. He's lying and covering up. And we don't know how much else it is. Okay. Well, you know, something that can go both ways. I'm just a person that just over a certain day to go both ways. Yeah. It can go both ways. You know, and you could talk about it. He was really, really snorkeling off that kind of thing with our voice. And he could have a little bit of a kid. And he did. And nobody cares about that. Don't you see the difference? I'm sure I'm not going to have a stroke here trying to convince you because you're Apple-Practic and you're making it a lot harder than it is because you're one of those people. Don't confuse me with the fact. And you lay the facts out there. Our goal is already admitted to that. Nobody cares. We finally grow up to that point. We're not going to make a big deal to you. And hey, nobody cares about that. We're sure on the other hand, it's pretend to be Mr. Murl. And by saying all this, of course, if condemning all the hanky, panky and the penis gay would Monica, or what's the all that stuff would come and that comes to find out she's a freaking liar too. And like I said, if there was a lot more to it than just this. And if there was cocaine, and if there was any truth to that story about the abortion, which was the illegal in 1970 was a felony, if there's truth to that, then we have a right to know that too. And just whining about it and about how bad the choices are. This is what's coming on to this. This is what you got. I don't like it anymore than usual, but this is what you got. Take it or leave it. 10 pass knowing that your friendly station WQAN. This is 560 QAL. 2.5A, you first good. 2.5A, you two. Don't know all the answers. Don't worry. Now there's the Robert DeNiro Magic A-Fall. Dr. Fasket question. Take it. Shake it and listen. You talk to me. Don't worry, you have to like it. Ah, what are you worried about? I'm not going to talk like that for. We ate, you know? Get out of here. You think it will be me, too. Am I going to get a puppy to question it? I'm going to ask you. Well, answer me, bitch. You're going to take the dog for a walk every day. Treat it, give it a bet. Clean up after him when he takes a dump on a carpet. Huh? No. Then I got just two words for you. You shut up and forget about it. Hey! What are you doing? What are you doing? Why are you having a baby? Why are you having a baby? Why are you having a baby? Why are you having a baby? Why are you having a baby? Why are you having a baby? I don't know at all. Okay, okay. Okay, you going. And so is the Russell. 14 at 560 WQN, the gallon, another 45 minutes out there, Bill Sidal, on the debut on the University between Sterling and Griffin, how's he going to be? He calls back, maybe he just dead you. He's mad about there. They're the doing family, but that's the meal C.D. Because that's key change and t-shirts. All for our benefit of plant parenthood. 285 votes in our portal. George Bush's DUI West McKinna difference in the two days of election. I mean, it's razor tight. 146, say. Yeah! And 139, say. No. We're not asking for your vote for. We can't take that kind of a polling one. Because it gets all screwed up by the Bush people. We're just asking what you think. You're just going to make a difference. Not at how you vote necessarily, but in the outcome of your election. Here's Corn Gables, hello. Hi, Neil. Happy birthday. Thank you. Just for those two prior callers. Go both ways. Where's our Goor's DUI? Uh-huh. And, you know, the car before that, you know, sometimes even a police take gets it right. How they got George Bush off the road. And, uh, he's just a walking contradiction with Neil and stuff like their stated message. Yeah, let's just ask that whole thing about compaginant consumer. There's many of that. It's just a lie. It's a day taken attention. They package it in the more attractive, or setting and wrapping. And now are their peddling. Some people are buying it. Look at their his Corn message is trusting youth trusting it for their social security. We trust you. We trust you. It is youth. With hate trust for me. But you want to comprehend it? And how come they doesn't trust women to make those students about their own, their personal lives, anybody else too? Oh yeah, getting government out of our lives. Oh yeah, right, exactly. They trust you, except when it comes to making your own personal decisions. How do they rate their path? They can be alive. They'll 40 or 50 times, please. It's a central. You can smell. You can smell that scent like an animal, like a deer getting panicky in the woods, you know. You can smell the scent of panic in the bush camp. Can you smell it? Yeah, Miguel has $180 pretty weak. That's what he said. 180 bucks. Every can these guys go out in the van. It's $1,000. Almost always we do a thousand and two hours. 180 bucks. I'm not going to say any more about that. I just want to say those next time our children come in the sides to rest up in the lab with our fundraiser. I'm just not going to promote it on a year. How's that? That sounds really lovely. When we're building and using, they've been doing it every second of this radio station that is unpooting acceptable. Here's Auckland Park. Hello. Hey, Miguel. Yes sir. I need to switch track for a minute. I'm going to do a judge's information this way. Yeah. I'm not sure anything about them. I don't know. I think about the people in plantation acres on the, there's all kinds of other stuff. I just have them there. I've been trying to find interest. The interest thing is this weekend. Like in a Sunday, papers. Yeah. That'll have to run on everybody's on the ballot. So I'll have to sample ballots. Yeah. I've got to sample ballot right here. It says she's up for that. But I mean, it'll have some information about them. Okay. But it's pretty much a summary. Nothing keeps like, like, you know, what they're record is in line. Yeah. There'll be a mirror. Okay. Sunday, their papers. Okay. I guess I got to admit I just haven't had the time to go in all that. Who the hell does. I'm voting for Bill Noss. I'm voting for Al Gore. Anything else on there? I'll just go. What can I do? Here's your B child. Do you feel a B? Oh, hello. Since Sunday is your birthday. Yes. I'm calling today to with you. I'm calling today to with you. I'm calling today. Well, thank you so much. And all my nephews with you say, happy prom. And that's it. Now I go to the last week. Actually, bow. Yeah, you told us this yesterday. Yeah, but I guess it's a big day. All men will win. Yes. I'm telling you. You mock my words. And if we lose, I hear that George W's buying pigments for anybody. We're not to worry about it. Okay. Okay. Roger's on. You too. Bye bye. What do you look at, uh, Pluto? Nothing. I should drive your business. You got like a look on your push. Oh, I like her. And it's tiny. We all like her. That's the thanks for calling lady. We love her. You know what she says? Don't take an example. That's what she says. And how long has she been with you? Oh, we respect the IOD. Many, many years. She's well. She's a little bit more. And she's a nice person. She's not like a club, but we should be happy. Perfect. She don't want to argue. She might not have voted for you for a time for girls. And that's it. And we're all set more happy. I suppose to all these hostile hysterical people. You know, the ones who really bugged me a bit like a guy about three cars ago. Blending and raving and whining about all what are we going to go to hell in a handbasque and what are we going to do? And I like the sky is strong. Sky is not strong. Not the end of the world. And then that of who lives on Tuesday. And how will survive? Whoever comes. And life will go on. What's that? That's not on the card, is it? Yes, it is. Yeah. I hope I'm not close. I'll open it up and see you later. Like you will, but because it looks a little sick to me. It might be something inside. It might be from the bush or campaign, of course. What does it say? It says Uncle Neil have a wild and wonderful. Yeah. Take Ask Birthday. All the best. Sherry and Juan Jacobson. Thanks for all the hours of fun with and with them. PS would you like us to find a room. Juanjo Prince. What are you like? Would you like them to frame your Toronto Prince? No. And they throw business card in here from art and custom framing. Thanks Sherry and Lou. No, no thanks. But thanks anyway. Here's how and they're. Yes. Thank you. Okay. Here. So glad that news got out here today. So we don't have to worry about how the post now has to get a present again. I like that. And as your voice is good. I think that another solution anyway. You know, I have about about this 25 days in my area. I'll be pulling on Tuesday for a week or I'll go. Alright. As we can send you actually a thanks about the year post, I've been to Green Corps. I don't know if it's for you. You got that over the New York Times. Yeah, that was great. I tell you, you know, I'm glad that this is my card. And you know what? You do. I love you anyway, Dave. Okay. I agree. Yeah. Oh, boy. What the hell was he saying something about Mary Cohen? You're gay. Oh. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and provide some virus law. Oh, this is great. Hmm? This made our day. This made our work come in into the hospital being sick. Hmm? Hmm. Go Brad. Whole cuts, cheese, five cheese, tomatoes, onions, olives. I would have never thought to get this. Now, because you're great. Because you want to feed all the bread with the sandwiches, which are great people have all of this without the sandwich. Better for you. But not the bread. So thanks again at Lannick City Shubs and Lachar said, dummy up. Here's a window. Hello. Hey, damn. Yeah. I was started this morning after all this stuff came out on the today show. There was a commercial that came on up here right after that. And it's the W saying, I should have my personal functionality. And that is that's the thing where this campaign personal responsibility. Right. And lying and lying and then making excuses. I mean, that's the right. This is the reason I ever heard my life. He didn't want his daughters to follow this footsteps. You can watch them and they'll know that. I mean, look, there are the prettiest things that people do. Much worse than a DUI. And they don't hide it from their kid by. I mean, I was kid the emotional crippled. And because he did some 24 years ago, they're going to start growing out and breaking driving. That's pretty stupid to me. Well, you know, it's in the change because, you know, he was a donor. But the thing that other thing is is with this, this other thing about not a drop of alcohol since they did six, I mean, it's true on that GWV start coming. They've got the video of him slamming down the bourbons in 92. Do they really? Yeah. GWV start coming? Yeah. It's for video and it's him and he's drunker than a skunk. It's August 29th, 1992. Next break, I'm going to go into it. I'm going to hop right on it. It's a party. Okay, thanks. Alright, I can't wait to see that. What do you got to say about that, W? Come on. That is not a lie. That's caught up at all these lies. And, of course, there would be significant, that is not always another lie, but it would indicate that he hasn't to kick the booze problems. He still has a substance problem. And I think people have a way to know that. Instead of all these generalities about, well, it could be this well. But it didn't say it's him. It's him. Script or the peff one, I could try to protect him. Just because he's done. Sony aisle, tell us. Anyhow, you're going. Okay. I want to see the owner of the Texas team. What was he the owner? Yeah. I was in 20 years ago. I'd have to look it up. I've lived with him for 20 years. Yeah. Because he was drunk in here many times. Really? Yeah. Yeah. It's a good spot. Hey, let's go over there. You know what that means? Like people like fire songs and if you make a mark, this is in your life. Right. Right. Right. I'd rather come to the front of the police and then I actually will my full association and fill up Morris. Yeah. Yeah. You know, the comment is, go to the staff that matters that are happy and is just sort of upset. They don't bad. Okay. These are right. Things are bad. So that's what just proxies me. I don't understand why anybody wants to change. Of course, things are bad. So, you know, Bob, I had a couple of blow jobs in there. What's wrong with that? Anybody that, you know, be glad you're the person if you blow jobs here and there. Mind you about that business. And who are married to Swivel, or maybe ice princess, board like I mean, you probably wouldn't get in some on the side too. But you're sweet ass. I think he's been a high, highly admired for that. The ones that we ought to be pissed off about are these traditional right wing hypocrites who wasted all your tax money, but there's dignity and investigation and embarrassed in all over the world. And two of man, every single world leader, just couldn't believe they were laughing at us. What a bunch of do now answers we are in this country. Make it a big deal on the president's peckery pillows. The disgrace. I can't wait to hop on that website. Thank God I invested. It's really great. I got the computer here that I bought. Nice new facts machine, fast copy machine that I bought. Great TV that your current gave to us. I settled like this. That was given to us by a little satellite people, which I don't know at the moment. It's called Bernie on studio, because the bees will know a bunch of cheap tricks. That's what it's called. We need a pretty good job. I think that's for over three years now. I won't put together real studio now. In fact, state of the art studio that Greg Palley's do now. Yeah. I'll speak of that. Do we get any cigars from Frank out there and sales? No, I don't think so. The days in the weeks and the months keep rolling by. Yeah, he knows something. I don't think he sells anything because I don't have any spots on him on his show. Other than this, we'll be inherited. So that's probably how he's making money on a side. He sounds silly, but I got him a sneak horror 440 one out there by Chuck. He sold the title sponsorship to Michael. Frank, he's still an asshole. I don't, I mean, I'm happy for everybody's still an asshole. I hope it wasn't something that you're supposed to be getting things from him. Well, no, it's good, because if it were, you'd never get him. Okay. You wait for him to fall in. He's still suddenly in the back. He's gone down a stomach of a hole in his back. Who's hooked his wife and pull in. They kind of don't think he's doing. But doesn't use a steady dive and he's so mad at you. I can't do you. He's a daddy, a child. You know, just don't ask me to stop. He'll put you down over there. And I hate to laugh about. You can't keep you out of business. Go get the money back. You'll create your own excuses. But don't be touched and don't fool it. But don't do it. But don't do it. But don't even get to the opposite of you. Just him, you know. If I don't need to stop. Just him, you. If I don't need to stop. Just him, you. Give me the money to stop. You. You. You. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Not 35, 60. They're all dead. They're dead. They're almost just for off the air. What do you mean? You're getting off a plane. They're getting going on the steps from a pipe. I'm almost just throwing a zash. I like your food. What if he's too in drum too? 5605, 60. You think you're doing so a lot of bad coke? Huh? Sure. I know. I mean, the people of you said a booze problem. Most of them drink a lot of bad coke. Like by the gallon. Galms for. Blue caffeine. Here's for a lot of deal. Hey, you're happy to be there first. Thank you. I'm glad you're seeing us. I have to say my whole question that you're happy. What is it? WFVN. Ricky Picky. And how's it coming out? I don't know. I'm not going to vote there. I'm going to vote on yours. Okay. He probably gets a scoop from Ryan Andrews. Okay. Thanks. Whatever you said. 5605, 60. 560, 560, 880 and Verizon Wireless Line. Out of family is open. They can't hear us on a West Coast. They're busy with their stupid stock market show. Here's Jonathan Alter. Some voters, especially I'm just fighting voters. To take another look at George W. Bush before they, they're not that weak. They've challenged or always has a higher burden John in these elections. He has to essentially fire current management. That people take a little bit of a gamble on him, so see if he outside die. And at this point, it may have the effect of getting people to say, let's look a little deeper into this person. Uninterpreter. I want to just read just up to because we are getting reaction throughout the day to the story about Governor George W. Bush's D. Y. 24 years ago in the state of Maine. And this is the statement from Millie Webb, the Chief of President of Mad, mothers against drunk driving. And she said, Governor Bush's conviction happened nearly 25 years ago. We hope that that experience had an impact on his life and helped him to realize the devastation that can result from getting behind the wheel. After drinking out, we recognize that people can change and we appreciate Governor Bush's support of anti-drunk driving legislation and Texas. And they also play to Vice President Gore for his support of anti-drunk driving legislation. Sort of, you know, shooting right down the middle of this issue. The problem with that per Bush John is that three calls on my voice mail today, who people are planning out that this incident took place in 1976 when Bush was thirding, but he didn't quit drinking by his own account until he was 40. So that 10 year period there, basically the question, he knew when he was continuing to drink also continuing to drink and drive and come out of the car. But did the behavior really change? She said last night that he learned his lesson at the time. I think it's an open question now since there was another 10 years of drinking, whether you really did. And we'll see whether he comes out and answer some of these remaining questions. Okay, thanks John. So now to the MSNBC who worked at Great Peace on Aetering Newsweek this week, I'm going with MSNBC from Iran. CNN sucks. MSNBC, I mean, they're pulling in the guest they have on and everything is the guy on the news like, and then the host, all of them at the group wall. He's been on MSNBC in the news. I'm sorry for all the things he's on CNBC. So I'm sorry. Here's my heavy hold. Yeah, I'm here. Yes sir. Great share of happy birthday. Thank you. I got to the point. Okay. I was showing something last night, we'll wait and I'll have a catch on peace ban. Camping around in Orlando with the training. I thought, you know, I've never seen the training with talking and pain they didn't. You know, anyway, Alan, since then I think that was his name. The family of the public and son of the former. Right. Yeah. Okay. You've got to do some kind of compassion, Jed. As without a joke, it doesn't mean he's trained, but anyway, Alan. So there's still, I know, which is grew at there in Washington. Joe, we were meant to be waiting at Alan. Maybe some time we were going to an inform editor. He's late laying it out. And maybe it's only chicken soup. Listen, I just want to say what no one doubt this is an election. That going forward is going back. Right. Bush wants to put back the social progress. But women blacks use Latin's gaze and other minorities in the 90s to pass 30 years. Once to provide two Saturdays. And through this Supreme Court, see what it would get. Right. And they've known mistake. This is an election of hate. And I appeal to your listeners to vote for the United States of coming in. And it's a true surprise. We really try to work together as a team and treat everyone as people vote. I'll go. Well, sir. Thanks. That's the best call we've had all year. I'm just a selection. I'll take it out. Short and sweet. That's a difference. And very, yeah, and not well disguised. I mean, every other student of people out there, so when you come up with these cliches, you know, compassionate conservative events, and all the other book. You know, it's a better shoe than they had like four years, and they years ago. The papy cannon was running around singing virtual and who bought olives. And people said, ooh, a little bit too scared for me. But anybody that really stops and looks at it, and seems where they're coming from and who the people are behind them. And around them, you got a run. You got a one like hell. And now that we're starting to see that all this book have about how honorable he is in bringing the morality back in peace and to, you know, book hat. Book hat. God, born with a goddamn silver spoon is not that thumbs your mouth and there is a block and a scumbag to 20 years old and now I literally found Christ. And literally inflicted no more, which I still haven't checked that damn thing. Go on me for a get. I'm next break. Here's Western. Hello. Western. With a radio turn way up. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Go on. Let's go. I hear you. Yeah. All right. We're going to back this campaign on the history form. Yes. Playing for me. How. You got a democratic president right now. You got a Republican. Well, you got a Republican majority Congress. How is this going to be passed if Gorgon says the president? And you got a favor of public in the Congress. Well, you're not going to have the same Republican Congress. So, the whole house is up for the election now. There's a real good chance that the Democratic will go back to the house. And there's a swim chance that the Democratic Senate too. There's a how much change. So, these days from on past and that he's going to get the Congress in his face. That's the only way he's going to pass this. Well, I mean, John McCain's not a Democrat. Right. So, the court has gone. He's got to get the wrong answer. You got to rush find Gorgon and John McCain. One Democrat and one Republican. Well, I do agree. You got to get the wrong number of Republicans. You've never going to get the past. So, he's never going to get a Democratic Congress. So, I'll say, I'm not going to go in. So, on that. No, it would help. With. The answer question about this. Oh, I'll say this. Not all Democrats to put campaign finance reform. It's. Yeah. I'm going to go there. I was taking it all by myself. That's alright. Now, based on last night, I've been even not going to say something for Bush. Because of what happened yesterday. And. It's like, where do you say I actually lie about the Trump traffic? We just got to put the thing on here. If you wanted to go ahead or averted. Well, I mean, I've watched over the last night. I mean, we all got to let him lie. Well, I mean, it's to me. It's to me. It's not. No, he did not. No, he admitted it now because that they got the record from the police. He said, man, from the police water and man, the entity denied it. He denied it when it was interviewed in 1996 by Wayne Slater. The Dallas morning news. The answer if he was ever arrested after 1968. And he said, no. Sir. I know. I'm with. I didn't hear that. I'm. I just put it on. We just played it on here. A little while ago. So he admitted that information and so confronted. He denied it until he was going to front of that. Don't. But. And go or date as continued as deny when confronted. About what? Whatever you confront them. No, more than as well as grubbing him. What's smoking marijuana. He didn't deny it. What else? Well, I'm not the Buddhist temple. I don't know what we're not. We're not talking about Buddhist. But I'll talk about. No, no. We're talking about a man who says he's going to bring morality and decency back to the White House, which is code for no hanky panky and no personal immorality. That's where he's talking about. He's talking about monocolour whiskey and bro jobs. And, to if I have to draw your diagram, I just don't have the time. He's voting for a voice because of what happened last night. Bottoms up, though. Have one for us. This pubs for you. 22 to 1 or 56 to 2 a.m. This is 56. You way out. If it's free, it's me. And the leaders now are from the spiritual way of which you do. It's the players and rich. You're the first player to win your round. It looks like a hell of a... And somebody climbs the white toe to the queen. That's the sixth sub of your town. You're coming up. You're checking life. And I just lock you in the fiery depths of hell. The Blair Bridge. She should be in the way. Where is your best work, young man? You're grounded. No more damn Nixon for you. Okay, quickly to one of five security PMS, Your website is sensationalist. I'm... ...a big fan of you. You're the same thing. I'm a fan of you. It's the beer hat, Dan. It's the beer hat, Dan. It's a big fan of you. It's a big fan of you. It's a big fan of you. It's a big fan of you. I'm gonna just go back. Because I got a... ...because this is so complicated. When am I gonna find the one with the picture ...that he's talking about where he's slashed out of his mind? This is one of the sights that they tried the kill. The Bush people they tried to bury this one. But it's still there, baby. Oh, she's w bush.com. It's a beautiful thing. I think it was the one where he's... ...his head is like moving around and he's got the... ...the bottle of beer in his hand. I bet you it's a bush. Here's my patient. Hello. Oh, yeah. Okay. I just wanted to point out that whoever went on Tuesdays ...and we come to Madden, Chief of the Military. I think you were coming from my time in the military. You cannot get high enough security clearance with the DUI ...or a failure to report one. Really? That's my recollection. It happened to me. You needed, I needed an open-ended arm. And I was forced to install for a secret. I wanted to change the whole fact. I wish you all a good point. Good point. Thank you. Happy birthday. Thank you very much. I'm changed. I've got two DUIs. I've got three. They've got a transpector. It's like maybe they'll drive in the retreat. She wanted to think about the president by president. They don't drive their own cars. That's good. Keep them off the road. Here's my patient, hello. Hi, yeah. Yes, sir. Hi. Listen, I was going to make two points. I'm good in one. Are you out of speakerphone? Yeah, just follow him. Oh, terrible. Okay. How's that? My daughter. Okay. One. I wanted to point out that during the... ...offers of the base. When they were growing gore of that, his role with the Buddhist capitalists. Oh, and the bush was always taking the high road. And God people should be accountable for their actions. They should be accountable for what they do. And now something happens to him. Here comes the check for him. He's ready to pass it off. And you don't want to take accountability for it. And the second point I wanted to make is that you know, back when the Clinton was putting in the legislation trying to improve the economy, bring it out of the spending and the national deficit and so forth. The Republican controlled Congress saying, we're not voting for this. We've even stood up. I think I remember getting to standing up and saying, we're not getting one. Republicans vote. We don't want to take the blame for this. And now the things are going good. They're altering to take the credit. That's not the new king. We're still standing up. That is right. That side, but she was dying. Why are you screwing around on the side? You're very saying what? Trying to get her to what's on to the worst people. They're very saying what? And I just think that black, you know, with all the high road, colliant tactics, you know, people should be accountable for their actions. Well, if that comes to check for what you did back there. And probably in the time you paid for it. Amen. Thank you. Well, sir, thank you. Yeah, maybe somebody will call you whoever called me to hit me off on his website and tell you where I'll find that. Do they call? No, but Eric, our guy. He's actually acting like I had trouble like we did. Found it and it's put it on our side. The picture of him drunk out of his mind. The whole video, yeah. Oh, right. Oh, yeah. Ha ha ha ha. Oh, right. Thanks God, Eric, baby. Who the fuck is that? No back. I can go back home. One moment, please. Oh, God. Greatest day of my life. Not a day that I bought this computer, but today that we finally had to go through legal means to force them to hook it up so that we can use it. Which may sound ridiculous to you, but that's a true story. That's the be the effort to lay baby. That's a bad for a move over there in a West Coast. Real jackass. Here's a mobile and forward waterdale. Yeah, yeah. But you said about the Gourne and Joe Nelson, obviously in federal agreement. Will you go please don't forget about the blame, boom. It's really so all the money for it. Just got done for in 44. I have to say a great story about play show. I was at the meeting because I was wrong with the blame. The blame and we're, you know, originally, Eric said, she, he wrote it over 90% of the time with new kingrich. And the guy is thinking about the state up as a community and saying, you know, you write again, I'm going to go to 87.6% of the time. I was going to go and work with the new kingrich. And you know, I ended up even though I have to do that. I mean, you know, the man is a freeing law on, you know, kind of backed by 10, 10 terms. 20 years, he's got such a reality that it's time for the move on. You tell, you know, do both just things out of their name because it's the very close race who's 17, continuing the 90s things out. So we have to tell them the way. Amen. And I'm 44. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, Elaine. For that about it. 560, 5050, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon, what is this line? Here's a moment where we'll let's find the child. There you go. Okay. Yeah, as I was waiting, I heard you talking about the website. It was a video. It actually shows the first posting a couple or something. Right. I would prove it. It looked like it. Oh, they're putting it on our website. So I'd be able to pick a look at it in the minute. It was like, I was a fire fire up here in the Palm County area. Right. And if the state version of our union's public fire professional firefighters is the president's getting Bob Carver, who's like a sleazy piece of junk. I don't know how you got in there. He and someone is currently up in the pot last year having doors have come out and said the professional firefighters in George Bush. And I don't know very well for and I know the international is definitely as poor as the GORE. But we're through the five and the most secret. We're just guys going to call us the Washington Job through the jet bush once that we're once an F-Mob is quite a good spoken in. So yeah, I'd like you to listen to you's know that the vast, vast, vast, vast majority of firefighters support GORE and just because this professional organization comes out and says that they're in Washington Bush, it's just political pay off. Okay, thanks a lot. Appreciate it. All right. Okay, now with this, how long is it going to be because that's out of it? I'm salivating and filming with the mouth for that. I wish I gave you some instructions so in this next break I'll come in there and we'll be all right. I'll go back to that. I think a five step process. Okay. I can step on it. 5560, pound five 60 on the AT&T, and G Pfizerwellers line that. The P辦, spoken on it. CAUTIFIN Neither would any of the top officials from the Iowa campaign have any comment for it. They think it's best just to step back and let the stories play out. It's unpredictable to know how people will respond to this, but she would Jackson Lee who was often an outspoken congresswoman from Texas did have this to say on MSNB. George Vurser is trying to make character credibility and leadership skills in issue of the day as we go into the last days of the campaign. Now there's a question of whether that's something to be a leader of this country, whether it's credibility and whether it's character. I'm Judy. You'd be the best, baby. Here's a lady in Bokeh, hello. Yes, man. Oh, hi. The other fellow, you know, that as a woman, I am really truly scared of the prospect of Bush being our next president. I'm with good reason. Okay, and Bush is a man, obviously, and all these other men out here who did out these rallies and from the clinic and anti-abortionists and that are they not ever have to worry about being in the position to make a choice like that. Right. And what I have to say to Bush and I have to follow up, if you keep your hands up, my leader. Amen. Thank you. Okay, and get your hands on the ballot box. That's why keep your hands off her eutwa, exactly correct. All these speedless squaters. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, palm, five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wallace line. Undyre, why did come out right before the campaign? Clearly, implicating that it was coming from the Democrats. How did he respond to that? Well, that's quite a spin that she's putting on it, but one really has to say why didn't George Bush just own up to this? Didn't it be handy and say, look, when I was young, I'm honking. I drank a lot and I had to be the why on my record. I just want to get out there and be open right now. Why didn't you do that early? I mean, it was sort of why did they try to cover that for so long? And just again, me, sure wonder, is there something else that might come out at the election that we should know about that? There we go. That's what people are asking right now. Is there something else like maybe that abortion, huh? Which was a felony. Let me say it again, worthy Wade, 1970, to be a live's abortion of the past 1970. When it was a against the law, it would have been a felony. The abortion which he allegedly recorded at rumor that loud story, which may or may not be true. Knocked a brought up and took her and drove her there and, uh, the course of which family paying for the abortion. Lots more were where there's smoke, there's fire, which sometimes is two and sometimes it's not, but in this case, you've got to believe it. Because here's a guy who admitted it with a slew's bag until he was 40 years old. And who keeps dodging and being evasive and more than answer this and more than answer that, and nothing that happened before such and such a date, sorry, anybody with a brain should be buying that. Here's what mine, shall I? Yeah, let's get back to there, Nesher. Listen, uh, FEMA is federal, correct? What does it? FEMA, you know, federal emergency. Well, you know how big he precies rights government. Uh-huh. Well, if you know over the last 10 years in this country, you know, we've got to put it in nature and that's what this has to be. Yes. So, you know, we've been lucky that the weather's nice right now. It's a couple of storm winds on a farm, but I'd just like to remind people before they both do, say, that they're going to vote for George Bush for voting for that government. Well, let's government with me and the right stop when the tornado starts catching down, when copper bull storms up, boom, there's real stock that mentioned, and generally, it's a Republican that always wants something for that. That's the only kind of blowing that they don't care about. Thank you. I have a great vote, thanks. No, come back one. Okay. Okay. Big sad one. You call me big sad one? 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon, why was Ryan? Well, that'll be great. Over the weekend, everybody can take a look at that. George, you have a deal on that. I'm actually going to have that on the website. 20, he's working on it. Oh, I'm screwed in my toes. I'm so excited right now. I might even screw something else. I'm giddy with excitement. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood. The easiest place for us to come back. Oh, look at the call back. Okay. What the hell was that? What was that? Some of the like somebody talking out of his back, man. Some of here, one of those blue horns that is spectrum, bushman. 255. 655. 6 to QAM. This is 560. QAM. How old are you, guys? Hey, pay for the news. Happy Albanyers for their show segment. Well, I got one that threw out. Wait, where? I'm going down. Hey, you don't need to take the key. We keep saying that we're a man off the side of it. He can be talking out and running. No. But it's been such a fool. And he's so happy. Well, finally, we keep making a picture. We're keeping a picture with some gays. That will be a good result if you just stop the door peeve. Just get it on a green dot even. It's a good result. There will be a good deal. That you think I need to be driving. It's no way. If the two of us are saying, can forget about it. Just know about it, honey. Yo. Don't need to ask him to believe that our economy isn't quick. One of them is going out primarily. If you can't forget about it, we can do it. We can't date it right there, we can say it says. Wait a minute, my men. Dad can't just think that's scary or let's just tease the police. Yeah. It's safe adequate if they want to discuss something, they want to see if they can see whatever they've seen. Right. That's good. But you want to know, say, I just want to see father, he's here. Don't see her if he's still moving. Come and sit there. I'm going to rap a lot, I'm a snake and I'm not gonna sketch up in a horse. I've got to go in there, I got to groom up like this and I'm a snake. You're running this Yetchpunk, I'm at a big T ping. Well at least six T acu and now lets see if we can get some audio off of this thing. Ready thingy, huh,koly on the rooftop. Auto in America. Beautiful people, yes. Beautiful people. You got one for you? You got a book to Marcia. You're building here. You're building here. You know they're wonderful people. You're the five taxpayers. I know that. I know I'm sorry to the fact. No, I know. Very mundane people. Don't give me one little stuff that cheap. Very boring. Very boring person. But a wonderful person. But very boring. Any might weak stories? Like weak. Very boring person. Taste the drink. That like the smoke. Follow around kind of guy. Very athletic. Left to run. Find offer. And Kelly. Kelly. Very skinny fella. Marcia. Marcia. He's the drink. Only America. A guy like him even fine work. And the rap. But not least, Nancy. Nancy would very swim person. Left to run Marcia. Only America or anybody call her mom. He's a graduate. Yes. He's a graduate. He's a graduate. He's finishing up in doing course. Could this be a ginger rail? Oh my god. It's a very handy. A finishes off the drink. How do you like that? Yeah. Get that on our website. Immediately. Not so. Eric. I love it. God bless whoever call it in. Gwbush.com. The smoking gun. The wedding. How are you? You sound she was faced with dirt and boar. Why can't I say it could have been a ginger rail? Don't you always chew down the end of a ginger rail? It's not just the fact that she's finishing it off. They're like chugging it. Well, it's already, you know. This pepper prime. Yes. Are you? Yes sir. Yeah. Two of them. Bill Bennett. You were on the commercial. I can't want to show them on any. Will they go on the big slide? Do we have hours? Yeah. The Mars is our Bill Bennett. So they, you know, he was like talking to us. He didn't want to have children. And of course he's missed him a while earlier. Yeah. For the ease of your turn and the way of it. He's not rolling for parents here. He's rolling for president of these United States. He's not rolling for parents here. He should tell us if each of us are left off the slide. But you know, and then Bill Bennett looks stupid. And the second thing I have to say. John Arthur. Yeah. That's something so nice. He said, this guy did a learn-in lesson because he was arrested only once. He was 30 and he drank for 10 more years. Right. That's actually correct. So I mean, he's full of your child who put us in on this. This man. Jimmy gets caught. That's a good thing. I mean, I guess he avoided me. And when the sex person, he could not let me know. Yeah. So he didn't get to know. So they said, sir, there was a lot of Kenny Bunk pulled him. But that's the back of the story. He did a lot of this little eat John for 10 more years. Okay, right. Oh, okay. Have a great day. And of course, if you're so a video that we got on here at Fist Club is true. This was 1992. But then that would make him tell us the 18 more years. How do you like that? How do you like that? Oh, sorry. 560, 560, pound 560 on the 182 and Verizon Lagos line. I mean, if there's an alcoholic who still's ricken and lying to us about it, I mean, I would think that even the most partisan of the partisan would have to like, like, raise two or three eyebrows about that. Wouldn't you think? And I don't want them won't because they make all kinds of excuses for it. Like the Kennedy's good, they're just like, I mean, the Kennedy's going to be running now. Most of my dead lives, I might check. Here's a moment or the worst time. Hello. No? Yes, sir. How you doing? All right. A couple of points I want to make. Number one, how many do you want to arrest that you not told us about? That you've not admitted to. Uh-huh. And the other thing is, is being governed and banking in the street is entire life. Anytime you're in these, you have to fill out application that ask you whether or not you've ever been arrested or convicted of a crime. Uh-huh. I mean, he's always written, no, because these are public records that anybody has access to. And certainly, they've been scrutinized and there's, you know, nobody's ever seen that he's been arrested or convicted of a crime. I hope somebody now goes and takes a look at these documents because it's my life. There's no question that he was asked on some floor when he filled out to go into government or when he went to get a loan for a bank or whatever loan, you know, whatever he would have needed a loan for. They were asked him, have you ever been arrested or convicted of a crime? Obviously, we would have answered no or we would know about it. And obviously, why? I don't know if those forms say a crime or if they say a felony. I don't know if they say a felony. Normally, what those say is they say, have you ever been arrested or convicted of a crime? They know you'll say crime. They don't know if they say felony. They may be famous to me, but you know, there's an famous for me. And it's not just the traffic. It's a criminal offense. You know why it's a criminal offense. And you was convicted of it. So I'm just hoping somebody's out there pointing those documents because there's no question that. I thought that the fact that in just a short period of time they already got the reporter from the Dallas Marine News to come forward, Wayne Slader, who remembers very vividly the interview in which he lied to him and said that he had no arrest problem after 1968. I mean, that's just the beginning. That happened in just a few hours. Well, that's the beginning, but that's just an interview. That's not an official, for cheating or official. I understand. So we're not getting it. I mean, they can see that there's some official documents that he signed off on, and which he said is no, I've never been arrested or convicted of a crime. And both of those are lies, and I'm thrilled that he came out. Okay, thanks a lot. Okay, that's what they did. What was that? There's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, did you see that today? Tell the other day? With Marlott's on? Well, we had a couple calls on it though. Yeah, he was completely denounced in our husband, Ralph Nader. Yes, she said that, uh, he really did. He lost his mind. Yeah. You know what though? The only thing we matter to me is I'm going to vote for the president that has the biggest seen this. Well, do you got a gore then? You got him. Okay. Just take a look at that couple of rolling stone, baby. You got it. Take a look at it. Wow. Man. Two longest dangerous. Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound, five, 60. On the AT&T and Verizon, where I was lying. Oh, this thing over here. I mean, this, uh, ha ha ha ha ha. This is too good to be true. I think you're going to get drunk. So, I'm going to be two kids. These guys, you. One, two, one, yes, you. You're the pizza. You're the pizza. You're the pizza. You're the pizza. Yeah. Because he's two, yes, the pizza. Yeah. Yeah. The rich, oil, fat. And the bell, hey, chunky. I'm going to be corner two. All I can't pay money. He's going to be the president. We're the first people to go on a great trip. We've got some business. We can't buy two, but she's just a bit. We're looking all over and it still ain't here. Hey, Trudgy, Junior, where'd you have cheats? Oh, how you work right now? That you sit on a two-hour average college business. You're good, party. And you can't pick what has actually been done. Concentrate to Kal 만들 Чтоgeon! three!ving for. The The The The The The The The The The The The The The difference This The The from the Naples for Myers Dorgtrag at 10 o'clock tonight. Tonson is brain-to-up. Okay, data fraction says George W. has been arrested three times one for a fight at the football game, two for standing a reach of a hotel lobby and three for B.W. Right, David, as far as we know. That's just for beginning. As Chicago said, all day to the beginning. Here's for Myers, hello. Yeah, I want to respond to this subhuman piece of crap that called a while back about, he's going to change his boat to Bush. Yeah, because of the way I'm strong, you like that? But let me speak to him. I want him to like to this check-ass. Only until you've been personally affected by a drunk driver. Can he know what it's like? 19 years ago, I was hit by a drunk driver. I was with my best friend, our car-roll cartwheeled end over in 12 to 14 times. My friend was thrown to the windshield. I suffered a fractured vertebra in my cervical neck and I had a serious catch on my left wrist. This son of a bitch, if you knew what a drunk driver can do to you and how it's affected my life, you might not be so smart about what you said. This is not a youthful indiscretion. He was almost 31 years old. Right. And this business of A&O and Edmist, to continuing a drink for another 10 years. Right. We're all about the drinking driving part, but at least at the drinking part. And he's going to turn the tables on gore, right? He's going to turn the tables on gore on this. I mean, this is a guy. He tells his staff, but he doesn't tell his own family. What kind of, that's not a man, that's a most. Okay, pal, hang in there. Thanks. Your time, Zeta, told us today. Alguro and the homeless stretch. She says, Marlowe, Thomas, has the right idea. An ardent Democrat, she went on a today show. Thursday, the Repremander has been a childbana who, for helping Ralph Nader spread the spread the follacious message that it makes no difference, whether Alguro and George W. Bush wins the presidency. Ms. Thomas said in the Admir example, when she said to refuse to recognize profound differences between the two candidates, man, has made her come out fighting. For action, artificial gross supporters everywhere to put on a burst of energy and not be intimidated by the triumphal esteed of the Bush campaign. Borrowing a page from Ronald Reagan's playbook, Governor Bush is trying to act as if he has this thing in the bag. The fact that it was this presidential election is up for grabs with four days left to the campaign by President Grocer, head getting a highly competitive in the swing states that will decide the outcome. The first can't measure another advantage that Mr. Gorkon joined election day, and that's the potential for a heavier turnout by Democrats than Republicans. Two years ago, and unexpectedly high vote among the police, traditional and constituencies, labor, working women, minorities, environmentalists, have the Democrats getting five seats in the House, months of the surprise of most forces and political experts. This year, turnout can tip the election key states of the Northeast, Midwest and Pacific Coast, no matter how big the majority is that Mr. Bush waxed up in the sunbelt in the Rockies. If Ronald Thomas can give a husband a civic last-not-national television, then truly the mainstream voters who have a stake in a continued prosperity and fair attacks and social policies can cast a skeptical eye on the Bush spin. The Republican nominee wants to go over the country and are thinking the selection is over by taking a premature victory lap or drink. But the most of Bush's hubrises real or fainting don't want to be fooled by it. The reality is that this race has to reach the finish line, and if Mr. Grocer supporters will match to do energy to him, he can cross his first. Augh! There's the New York Times. The George Bush-Lity-I was up on the Rockers' Aquab. Augh! I think I just scored score. I haven't accident my chance. I don't like that. I mean, what do you think? What do we got? 104 votes on our poll. In the fact that it's bad-hyen, you know, I'm dubious about how many of them are real. Well, George W. Bush is the right-or-recmack any difference in the auction. I'll come on Tuesday. Two hundred-loven say yes, a hundred-and-nineteer say no. And the fact that it's even close should give pause to a lot of people out there who think that folks are just going to say, wow, that was a long time ago. Okay, hold page. Take a look at this. I may have another accident. This thing don't hurry up and there we go. One moment please. There it is. Ha ha ha ha ha! Eric here the best we'd like. Ha! A little bunch of food, okay? It didn't fat. You know, you said him bunch of food. George W. Bush, junior star in stars in weathered this. Runk or silver, you decide August 29, 1992. And there it is on neo-rodges.com. You've got all weekend. You and all your friends and everybody in the world can go to our website and take a few could that and be sure to watch it all the way through right to the very end. When he had bottoms up, shit. When he chugs down the last part of that beverage that was in that class. Whatever, I'm sure we just, uh, ginger rail. Here's Margade. Hello. Oh, yes sir. Hi there, happy birthday. Thank you. Hi there. I'm a long time with the real change my job around now so I don't get the call. I haven't had a catch on yesterday on the yet 10. The channel can do it. I'm a little bit. They didn't know if it was pollution. Right? That's the kind of big house that he just came in. That's not as you would expect, the public on pollution affecting up to 20% of children still, still, they still run. Where it's learning disabilities, they're kind of affected they come up with on. And I think it's a children rule. But anyway, what the, what the gist of the situation was, the pollution is causing, how will learning disability problems among non-chubbers? And the study of the father's at the end of the list where the pollution is selling them. This number two was. Access. Yeah. And the distinction is running up the rack, and class that can't find that for a good audio. And the reason is that one executive has this idea of which polluted there's Tennessee, and which is beautiful blue. United or Texas? Yeah. I mean, well, that's why I saw that. Yeah, well, all they had to do was look at the thing about Houston. There was a big piece in the interview time when usually gladly, they showed photographs on a day when they made our songs and what's the cause about it? So, it's so polluted in Houston that they can't even let the kids out some days to go out in Jim class and they play football or whatever because the pollution is so bad. And the contributing asthma from it. And I looked at the weather to be a learned form. Yeah, you're right. I mean, it's ridiculous how the sky gets to build it. See, this is the nobody of all this is. You know, the article you have there, that's been on the web for months. I know. And we've been trying to get it through you, but that's probably this is the most out of calm moments. It couldn't think of a better time. Hiving is good. Thanks a lot, pal. Thanks. Thank you. Go to about 80 times. Just be okay. Okay. Listen to the motorsport chat there. How can we didn't remind me about this? But I think you just came in and had me this. And I said, I would be glad to plug it. And the show too. Listen to the motorsport chat today with Joe Castell, the normal one. And from 6 to 7A in for your chance to win one of three pair of race tickets to the PEN to our 400, the homestead Miami Speedway, the rubber club, complimented this kind of other parts. See, if you were to hotkneer again about that, I would have done it. But we were busy doing this. But there it is. That was more fun. Oh, this was a lot more fun and much more significant. Oh, I got to watch that again. Just over and over again, especially that last two or four seconds there. When he grows like that. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes sir. Hello. Yes sir. Hi Neil. How you doing? Good. I made power of yours since the 4th year of the push that drove. Yeah. Since those days, but I have a little problem with the way you presenting things. And you know what does that mean? Well, I would have given my opinions. Is that better? No, no, no. Oh, not at all. And I'm very glad you do. As a matter of fact, you usually feel very fair. I'm withholding my vote this year. I just can't vote for you. The one of them that I'll tell you why. Yeah. George Bolish obviously has the record that everybody knows about with the, you know, with what on his text is and the drinking and all that stuff. On the other hand. Not just the drinking, I mean, that's just the frosting on the cake. His platform and what he stands for, what he answered for. That's that's the biggest part of the debate. I'm not voting so much for growing. I'm voting against Bush. I agree. I'm voting against Jesse Hounds. I'm voting against Trump. I'm voting against Trump. Lock and Tom Delay. I'm voting against Pat Robertson. I'm voting against all these prohibition or like, win lunatics. That's what he's all about. I agree with you on that point. That's the problem that I have with war is, you know, the man has shaped that. He's also flip flop many times. He aligned himself with, with, uh, I believe it was Reverend Phelps is what I'm hearing. Now he, he is not aligned himself with Reverend Phelps. That's ridiculous. Well, Fred Phelps, that's a lie. That's a lie. I didn't think that. I'm not telling you what I heard. Well, wait, wait, wait, wait what you heard? You heard it through the great fine? What does that mean? What you heard? I heard it on. Well, I'm going to tell you right now. What it comes to gay rights, Al Gore is, Reverend Rose Goodie was the best person for gay rights in the history of this country. Al Gore is a hundred yards ahead of him. You, you made you, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like. No, no, I, it's not, and I made me, right. I could be totally that six months ago. I could have thrown it at two years ago. Okay. So the idea that he was in any way connected with that. I'm not sure Fred Phelps from Candace, the ultimate homophobic world in somebody's club, what he told you that was feeding a crap. Well, like, I, I, I, I, I, it makes my blood world hear something that ridiculous. Well, you know, like I said, I'd rather take you away than where I could. I, I've heard for a fact. All right, but on the other hand, I mean, out or, if you, you know, was also a drug user. And by the way, I'll keep them any part of it. What did you get drug users? He's supposed to know marijuana. So what about it? And he, and he didn't lie about it. Nothing. So, and why would you? What I'm not saying? He also did these things. He also is a man that's... What do you mean he did these things? So you comparing somebody smoking a little bit of marijuana for however much he smoked with somebody who was a drug addict and a cry and a drunk. No. How you really that naive that there's a comparison between somebody who smokes part, had somebody who's a, a, a different to cocaine or bruised? No. No, not at all. So the writing is so he did these things. You know, with, no, he's not, if what you're saying is he's not perfect, that's correct. And I don't know anybody who is. No, but when we're talking about a package of a candidate, for example, how borers talking about cutting packages for the middle income man. At the same time, the man has brought a tool and priest back for three times, including the senior citizens. Yeah. I mean, you're saying one thing he's doing something else, which is what bush does. So how can you vote for either one of these guys? You have to vote for him based on number one who you want to keep out, which is bush and number two based on what they're trying for him is now. Now, what it was, 10 years ago, it's one of years ago. Well, you know, like I said, they both have an awful lot of scallic things that I find. Well, you're, you're, you're wimpy attitude toward it is shocking to me because anybody who values rights and to bring up Fed fops and to much to this. I mean, you know, if you, if you, you're on a see the anti-woman anti-gay anti-magnory, Republicans take over the right house, the more power to it and sit on your ass to obey. And then they'll be surprised and they'll buy must. Shame on you. God. And here's your great facts. A great facts about Ken Star and New King Richard Tiltwater Henry Heide and Bill McCollum and Bob Barr and G Gordon Litty and Lloyd Asselen Barr and Matt Drog and Bob Novak and on and on and on a goes nice going to whoever that was. Similarly, great facts. See guys like this, I mean, he wasted a lot of my time and I'm listening to him and he's in pedal as a pinion, but he's he's going to do nothing. Which I admit at Richard, I was out of self-esteem. Well, I was a good father voting. I'm voting very enthusiastic against George W. Bush on Tuesday. Extremely enthusiasticly. I'm voting very, very firmly against Clay Shaw and Bill McCollum on Tuesday. Got it? If you're looking for the great candidate anymore, the few and far between. 26 to 1 at 5, 60 WDQAM. What's a succession with hope? Good bye, Brian Murray. You killed the TV. You were too slow, good hot. The explicit true, all the ads for a coach you are stupid. This whole room must be nuts. You keep you on it. You put it in a church, folks. Never mind this being. That at one time has all the right flow. And it must be too late for a few stellar things when you're the loudest pitch-ray. And when you leave, don't forget to smoke your hotly queen. You thought that you would do that, but that's not it, Clay. That's going to be 1000 and you're all. That's your one next to Clay, Clay. Good bye, Brian Murray. You're a talented mid-time. You so slow, shit about driving all the naughty things. And you're not interested in giving. Why? What's on matter how you try? You can't deny that. You make the purpose just because you make a loud coach. And that the talented journey is really... Oh, yeah. And the time she took place on a two-step late with her all the ones they take care of. And when you leave, don't forget to smoke your hotly queen. Oh, oh, oh. You trust that you, you'll get a sense of dismay. You can't wait to think about every one of the time you met and then... Hey, Brian. Bye, bye, bye. Yeah, yeah, that the amazing part of this handcraft me note this morning was we were sure it was really from him, but it was signed a hump or so I shouldn't know what. But apologizing for it. So don't let me too much for my interview with BM. They didn't call him. He called them yesterday. Because the call was worth it in the last one. I was talking about how bad the team was. You know, and of course not the organization the guys have got the flu and this and that and the moon is in your ring. It's the wrong astrological sign. All these other excuses. So you can really see people desperately scramble in the saber as now because tomorrow night's D-Day baby. I think of this team, Lizzie's to the Washington Capstone one. I right here in the Maca women. I would be there with bells on. That that could be the um... My, my, my, my, my! Right for the Murray boys on the same bus. Pack them as salami set. In fact, we still got a few sandwiches left over here. Let's say the couple. That's to be pretty right by after the game tomorrow night. Okay, where we go and also then you check on your rodges.com. What under George W. Bush Junior Stars and where did this? You'll see a picture of picture of the cover of the nation magazine. It's got George W. Bush Junior Stars and George W. Bush Junior Scalot and Clausew. Which has got all that stuff that was reading from before. Great job Eric. It's all on there. All that good stuff. Excellent. Give you some real good reading over the weekend. Here's my energy. Hello. Okay. Thank you. He steps on. Okay. That's on that. Nice to have very nice. Nice version. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, 5, 6, the only 18 and 10. He loves me. Don't you understand? That's what you wish we'd like. See you tonight. Okay, where we go and here's the money be. Hello. That's the picture of a lot of it. That was beautiful. It's a little bread. You're looking for it. I give you a report of a value of ingredient, the other Cuban station, a hand in the news. Okay. May the nation be talking about Goor's daughter drinking beer when he was with you. Is that mine? Oh my God. I'm just as they said that the people, the colors were so bad that you may you may wish at the end. You are going to have a land. The great of Cuban going out Tuesday, all day. We teach you it with a place of a land on a woodland remember a land they're going to be in order to go. All right. The government in the volume plate is also and this is very serious. I write the a very man B-made an editorial thing that the only way the Cuban in South Florida can recover their power in the White House is voting for good. That is good enough. Grisons go there in the face to go against bull. That's right. And also there is a big rule that last year of good service has been offered a job as a driver in the White House. It would get to like that. All right. And I hear a change right in Shachuan. Well, maybe his brother don't think we'd get a job for change. Yeah, don't think he just bought the house. Did you see that? Yeah, I think he's going to make him feel all right. I think he's been open up a big scam. 80,000 bulk did you put the little shack? Okay. Asked the case. I haven't good one so on these two. Thank you. Oh my god. How do you like that? If you see that land's roll in the George WN and the chain will all fight over the wheel. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I'm the AT&T and Verizon Wireless find. Don't forget, listen to the Motorsports Saturday. We do a cast out of the M-16 to the 7-A. I just keep reading it over over again in the two blocks. And make up for the last time. For your chance to win one of three pairs for race to get to the PENzo 400 at home, said my new steamway, another 12-competitive discount auto parts. That's parts. Oh, that's all for the E-picture. That is the best. I'm not sure which one I like better. That one, right there, under each other on the E-leaf side. That one of the pictures in with that glass. So you don't think that most of us think gingerware a lot, we are all like even, um, club soda. Here's a mobile and pepper pie and tell them. Oh, you know how you do it. Pretty good, sir. Like, you know what? You keep talking about all these fanatics, the right winners at Jesse Holmes. Yeah. I couldn't agree more. Except you leave out the most fanatic overall. And who's that? And that's you leave them. I mean, this guy is the biggest fanatic. I haven't left it. Oh, I've been living in the end. I've been living in the past for weeks. I don't know why you say I leave him out. But he is the most fanatic overall. Yeah. Oh, and he's not running for president. But he's a hard piece of work. Yeah. This is the new talk about how you can move his house. Why I'm using it? Oh, maybe a little bit more compared to Dick Cheney. So if you want to compare my president, so you got no, no, no case. No case. Click a look at Dick Cheney's anti-human voting record. So just pick up that book. Is what is our children learning yet? I probably have a. And we're about Dick Cheney's wonderful voting record in the house. When he was the fastest number one, he makes do you remember him in two like our Ted Kennedy, okay? At a party. If I tell him the good, let's get Ted Cheney in there. To the guy, Lagerorgan, Dallas, Ted Cheney. George W. and Dick Cheney. They're all in the car together. I'll talk to him over the wheel. And I wonder if very Joe's body is going to turn. 2242 at 5.60 WQF. Only in the banana republic, then he's only in Miami. Abuse your official dentist, no Monday night with ball dictionary. If they'll count, he's to make that change it for the back. And Cordell will just have to act me next. I'd be like Samarit, some dirt scenes regarding the contrary of one pension and dealing with a lament about the ballchist. But that in your sacrificial bonfire and smoke. If you had a dentist, no dictionary, you'd understand what he said. And you'd bring in free and post-ministerence references that could benefit your e-mitallity. Cheney Davis looks more confused and Katherine diminishing trying to translate a nostradamus quadrant. To replace, since you're saving a dentist no dictionary, I come to appreciate the intricacies of the game. That has changed my whole life. Honey, this evening, Re-Tamps is in a state of consumable readiness. Where are you talking about? I'm not going to put up with any of your arguments and add upon the nymph-to-night-chawks-shawks-shawks-shawks-shawks. I can't understand a senior thing. You are a rap to this speaking. I'm calling my condenser in the morning. I can no longer court on this lieutenant just on the side. Yeah, baby. Who are you? It looks like she's up for free agency. And Bob, who is going to be traded if he doesn't get himself a dentist no dictionary. Don't let this happen to you. Go on now and get your audition at the dentist no more than dictionary. It's just what the dentist says in and out so much. It looks like the third act of gambling. It's killed in stern and rose and cramps. We're sleeping for the brown-awve-long talking. What am I again? Even in this whole. Exactly. Killer. Especially those two at five, 60 WCM. Here's a great fact. Doll-in-home set. This is outstanding. It says, here's a question for you, listeners. Why do Republicans accept that George W. do you lie to protect his family? What continues cancelling a current for lying to protect his family from his indiscretion? That will stand with. Republicans can lie to protect their families but Democrats have better not. Nice going, Della. Excellent. What untarget sweetheart? Are you all hypocritical, Oath? Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Hail. Yes sir. All right. All right. I'm not interested. Where he buys the guy who is so piccololic again before. And I know Joel. I'm sorry. Yes, that's a question. Here's a question. And I hear that you're going to be voting for Gore as I am. Yes sir. But do you feel like they're opinion that a third is depicted by referring to Leeta that as you do? No, I do not. No, I do not. If they're fucked. No, I do not because at least I had the intellectual honesty. Not because you heard it sitting in the be a show. I don't like the man. I don't like the way he presents himself. I don't like the way he stands for. He makes my stomach turn. Some of I consider a be a show. I've got to pay you a film. I long with Gore. No, people don't vote for the vice president. Believe me when I tell you that. Nobody's voting for Dick Cheney. And although in this case unfortunately, there as you know, there are a lot of people who were vote because the women don't take it. So I'm not going to hurt anybody. What if that was my question? Because we've discussed in the last five to five apartments with some other people. And I first thought I had fixed third you, but then I heard in a couple of times. No, I can't endure women because he was in the is a fanatical duty as a man of sleep. And I was in fact the most important really in often. I want to thank you very much. I'm so happy. Okay, was your third day? Sunday, yeah. It's coming Sunday. Yes, sir. I don't know. Thank you. Okay, thank you. Okay. It's like you're sitting over now. Well, this thing is going bananas here. And it's on our pool. This is a thing when I was stopped. Over 500 votes. I don't really know how many of them are we going now. We never know anymore. 530. And it's possible because you just don't know everybody in America all over the world. So even on the North Pole, we're talking about the penwoods and the Eskimozina, Alaska and the Caloids. Well, to the W Bushes do why I was making a difference in the election outcome. 295 say 255 say, oh, how do you like that? And like I said before, the fact that there are people out there who indicate that it's going to make a difference. Should cars, should there, you know, lose some people a little something to think about over the weekend. You've got three days. Here's a model in Miami, you know, hello, yes sir. Hey Neil, just call me the Wishers. They have a good been. Thank you. And I've got a truck. I didn't see all the long and dive around. And I've been with you a report man. I'm two of them going on for about 30,000 for this goal because I just was a brilliant idiot. Okay, nice going, Palo, see you there. And get all your buddies to do it too and vote as well. 560, 505, 60, 560, 560, don't forget newwatchers.com. You can vote in that poll and you can also take a look at some beautiful stuff. Oh man, it's mind-boggling, shocking. Here's Chris Bang, hello. Are you squeezing some of this line over? Chris Bang. Hello, I'm Chris Bang. I'm getting foot down. I'm going to be right here to do home. Oh, call one out. Okay, he was a son of a nine. That's my friend. I've been drawing for two days. So now he's gonna take a photo after he sets in the apartment. Okay, what about Phil had a good time. 560. 505, 60, 560 on the 18 and key, and Verizon Wireless Line. That's. Chris Blings, what do you want? Here's POP on old Beach, hello. Yeah. Well, I like to learn real. Yeah, I like you. We all quick, I like to Jeep風 up into Miami girls. Yeah, sure. Yeah, Bill Clinton took his most active role in the presidential campaign that they've risen in Kentucky and California Thursday and pronouncing alcohol or the next best thing to let them quit themselves to do that. Oh, that's true. Yeah. Also, one of the things, one of the five fires that I'm telling you, Mike. Yes. I'm a founder and if, quote, tonight, Mike, take over and go out on the hockey. Okay, great. Oh, woo! I'm telling you, man, you make this a tissue is just some small little incident. The tissue is no small incident. This was like a massive brain fart that happened here in the last 24 hours. People are falling apart to seems. This guy doesn't know his ice from his elbow. He's so open up a show from it. Now, I hear that the big and John S. Knight back. Not body like John S. Knight. He's going to be the headhunter. He's going to have a minute to shoot. So, bring his ice back. If he leaves the bedman, it can't be worse than the Murray boys. So, be in the T and get real nervous there. Even call him the show's night or they didn't call this show. Huh? No, no, that's because I know who the hell these guys are. I know you've got another self-serf from Alkissau. Okay? So, they call him the hump of yours that they try to make him look like a monkey. Which you didn't believe me, he can handle his own. The hump of yours and I call him anywhere over his eyes. I don't have that much room in the world. That was me. That's me. I'm not going to fool him. 2425, 60WT and what's been a momentous day and they just, I came and put it in the words. Don't forget Joe Costa high here in the park. Oh no, we must not overdo it, okay? And you accompany people over to see what's going to be said in the morning. 11. Now you have some numbers in there, aren't you? Did you give me our by-hour from there your book? That, yeah. Uncertainty. I don't want to see it. Why? I got it. We got the hour by hour for a midday over here. Joe, you've got to be pretty excited about this. Let's see, nine o'clock they got a four eight ten o'clock. We had an eight five followed by an eight four seven seven and an eight two. Thanks to our top of the six one to five, baby five seven to six point. Six o'clock drops off to a three seven. I'm a half-hanged audience, this appears at six. Costa is not a good day. See, and I remember the day is one, hey, remember your hanky is due to two to seven. When I came over here, he was not that crazy about doing two to six instead. I hope I now, he understands. First of all, I get to out of here sooner than that number one. Number two, the six to seven hours a day out, because this is not like a major market where they got to drive hour either. Glad times been pretty much five six here. So six to seven's always a real happy hour. So there you go, hopper, no matter what primary set. It's flyer, you first, too. And if you dive or I have your best job, then I can't go. It's not like a pure line. I bet you see, but it is great. Oh, I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. But it is great. It's like a totally healthy day. There is a car to drive. That's why I go. Always pull a T-pap, so they don't have a gym. So I bet you see. You know, I bet you see. You know, I bet you see. You know, I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. I bet you see. So I bet you see. I bet. hooked on. truck. I medals. I bet me. Let's do it. Meet the final full of it on the show. got. Power to win. Chevrolet gunner. A thousand dollars per suspicion. people especially that guy earlier who was saying this incident happened 25 years ago. How long does it have to go time to have to pay at least something doesn't matter. Like if you murder someone if it's 30 years of battle day. I'm trying to tell you what it is. I think there's a girl in your truck driving action and her someone is out of there. I think it's 27 years now. We just decided today if it's a new 27 that it counts but if it doesn't matter we don't count. Right, it's a total of 24. It's about 26 is okay. I mean first of all, what kind of an answer would that be anyway? Some of you not a run for a president, not for that country or president of Columbus, but president of the US. And you make a statement that you're not going to respond to any questions about something that happened more than 15 years ago. I mean that's what kind of journalists have we got up there? That's your choice. All kinds of questions right off the bat. It's insanity. Dr. mentioned found users' faithless that you're making all sorts of these weird, weird, oh you should have just seen it this morning. She was much worse. I guarantee she's changing her diapers every five minutes now. That's right. I have a great day. You go. I'm going to say it again. I never put or highly respected reporter from the Dallas morning news. What's his name? I don't know. It's not important what his name is. I've worked on it. I passed it out. But anyway, and they have vacuum and paste on it because all I have to do is go back and he archives and they can dig up the article and they can't get into good that he's had. That was just making it up. Here's my anyway. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Huh. What a quick finger. What a quick finger. Here's your way to the. All right. I don't know how sure to. I don't have to put the lower.