Sports Radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Lauderdale presents the Neil Rodgers. To talk to Neil, called 560-560 toll free for David Rarrard or pound 560 on your cell phone. The opinions of Neil, his guest callers, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily know. The views of WQAM, easily read acquisitions for the Beasley Rodgers group. Now, Neil Rodgers on Sports Radio 560 QA. Black and lady. Black and lady. Black and lady. Talk like a lady. But I got wise. Well, the difference between the eyes, always there is a difference between the eyes. Oh, you shower with me with you said, I stopped you on my queen. But I know there's something funny, I saw the virgin Yorjins. She looked like a lady. Black and lady. Talk like a lady. But I got wise. Well, the queen of eyes, always there is a difference between the eyes. Hmm. You were my first lover, but how I was surprised. Not only do you have one, but you're not certain size. Boy, look to like a lady. What a lady. Talk like a lady. But I got wise. There are the difference between the eyes, always there is a difference between the eyes. What I make in the second day or what? They go on. They made a bad mistake taking those calls. Nobody here. We just got a ripper af left here in town. Why not? Why not? Am I going to do it again today? No, no. Or the mom? What do you think about the mom? No. No, no calls. I got a lot of great stuff. Haven't played that in a long time. I got some of these old best stuff things to play here today. Got a lot of stuff that I want to talk about. Lots of stuff to cover today. I just want to mention in passing David J. Neal and Michael Russo, pair of assholes. Real mate. No, they just assholes is what they are. In the pocket of the organization. I don't want to say that was Robert Greeper that's listed on you guys. Rip and me over there in practice in the morning. We're rip away guys. I love it. Because when I know that I'm really getting to, I know that I'm doing my job well. You're just about to rubbers stance right in a bunch of puff pieces. This is the only market in the world. Well, supposedly professional sports franchise could be due to the public. What the panties are doing to the people here. And they get a free pass. And Michael Mayaw writes one column that was actually pretty good. And he gets a little carried away talking about brewery, hitting material, and whatever. And right away, that's the only thing that they can see in the article. You guys are pathetic. You're a bunch of suckles. Which this town? Haven't I always said that this town is loaded with suckles. There's almost nobody in this town. We'll let it tell what like it is. Everybody wants to look you look you look you look you look you look you. I'm not going to do that on the show. I know she really look good. Bring it on. I'll let you know whether I'm going to look or not. Speaking of looking man, what is with you people on the roads? I mean, on a good day, on a perfect day here it's bad. At best. It's a nightmare. Even bluff was just to tell me. And I hastened to agree. I have never in my life. I've lived here 25 years. I've never seen anything like what I saw on the last 24 hours on the road chair. I've come to work the last two mornings. I'll grant you. It's nice. There's nobody here. Traffic is light. Get here in no time at all. But in the afternoon, go home yesterday. Everybody out there is like hitting the egg. Now I think. They're hitting. I'm sorry. They're still blind. You're drunk or whatever. They're just the drop and acid. Do magic mushrooms. They're your out of your minds. You're crazy people. It's not that there's a great vineyard traffic, but it's the ones who are out there. Nuts every single one of you are nuts. Mom, a turnpike trying to go home and it's like all jammed up. They're like going sideways and upside down and backwards. And the 5.95, the same thing going on yesterday. I made the badmust they go to publish last night just to pick up a couple of lighters. The sawgrass publics were the great people inside. But boy, what was going on outside? And it wasn't up to still with that chandop either. For the day after Christmas. I've seen the parking lot a lot fuller than that. But the people who were in there, they're like driving around in circles and like blocking everybody off. And what do I do now? Where do I go? And what gear do I put it in? Where do I stick it? Back home. Yeah. And I'm sitting in my car just screaming at the top of my lungs. Come on already. Somebody goes somewhere. I'd like to get home before midnight. This was six o'clock, you know. And I love to walk away. Something definitely to be said for getting the holidays over with. Fast, soon, real soon. Okay, here's our pool. Jason Robards is dead. I should mention that great actor. Do you know Jason Robards? No. Don't even know who the hell he was. Name something he was in. A boy in his dog with Diane Johnson. I'm into that because that might be one you'd know. No. Death of a salesman? No. What are the all-time greatest actors who ever lived? A drunk. But a great actor he's dead. Was he in any warm movies? No. If I'd not know that I know of. Who else died? Oh, over the way. What's his name? The penis. Victor Brogodide. Now you got to know who Victor Brogodide is. Oh yeah. You don't? No. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Woo! Okay. Jason Robards and Victor Brogod. And Joe Costello hasn't got any idea who either one of them more. That makes me very sad. Victor Brogod was the comedian who was a great piano player. But you all he never played. He always would pretend to play the piano today. He would threaten to play it. He played a few notes he'd fall down and do. He was a hysterical. But much before your time. He was about 140 years old. Old enough. He's dead. Here's our poor from yesterday. Not too big of a response because nobody's in town. In fact, a lot more I thought we'd get. Best of Neal tapes. Like the one that we played on Christmas day, which I all mean. You thought the show was bad yesterday, which it was. Thanks to you folks. I'm going to tell you. I'm still so embarrassed from that tape on Monday though. Those best of Neal tapes suck. They absolutely positively suck. And I don't care what our consultant says or what our general manager says. Anybody who thinks that they could survive a whole summer in this place. Playing those tapes every day. I come back here to be they be playing the reruns of the roadrunner here on a goddamn radio between 10 and 2 or B day. You have to be out of your mind. They're old. They're stale. They're outdated. And we're actually playing tapes. You want to talk about what today is December the 12th. Last time I checked it was Christmas day on Monday. But I'm driving home from the airport. No today's December the 12th. And I'm talking about stuff. Guess what? That was going on. September the 12th. Would the electorers and the election and there's still count in the ballot to wait for these Appreens and I mean who the hell in there right mind wants to hear that anymore? In fact that's you ought to be honest with the wasn't that we're hearing the first time. Based on what I heard of the tape and we're playing it again. Because it kills some time. It fills up four hours. And we can run from the spots in there. It's a spot holder. You've heard of a pot holder. We have shows that are spot holders. And if you don't believe me at 345 the staff I still can't believe this. I realize it's the holidays. But we have to be kidding. I was all excited because I see the mad dog is on in prime time. I heard a little bit of them in the car last night. Thanks for the guy who had mad dog. Had good things to say about me. About the big gorilla as he calls me. But at any rate he's on today at two. Hank Scott a few days off here for the holidays. But he's only until 345 the mad dog. Why? Why do we have a 345 hurricane warm up? And what do we have at 4.0. Hurricane basketball. Not just any hurricane basketball game. They're playing the Lehigh Mountain Hawk at 4 o'clock this afternoon. Did you know what the nickname of? You don't know Victor Brugger and Jason Robards. Please don't tell me you knew the nickname of Lehigh. No. The Mountain Hawk didn't know it. I think they're kind of the chicken hawks. The Lehigh Mountain Hawk at the ULM Hurricanes. I guarantee there'll be more people at that game than there will be listening. And you know how many people are going to be attending that game this afternoon? Behind. Yeah. Pops. That's an optimistic view there'll be behind people in the stands. Which is probably 3 times more than the ones who'll be listening. But it's, you know, we'll get some spots under in the game. It's a spot holder. That's all we care about. Just get the spots on. Like now. 9 minutes after 10 at 5. 60. What are you laughing about? That's all we're here for. To get the spots on. That's all we're here. Why do we play those best-in-neal tips? We know they suck all you ever hear the porous off. They're okay once in a while. 264. They suck, which is what I voted 162. They're my favorite when he wasn't there. 149. Which means that out of the 575 votes we hit, 149 people must hate George O'Rot. Because to say that they like to teach that that's their favorite one on that here. That's saying a lot. George. And don't drink too much eggnog this week. 10 out of 10 to 10 at 5. 60. No question of the frozen maybe. We could be. No. Trust written permission. W2AN. Beacon by ten. Group Incorporated. This base stands for nothing. Alright, let's play who wants to be a millionaire. Top daddy. Sitting in the chair. I'll call you a puppy. Yo yo man yo yo. Are you ready? Yeah. Here's your $100 question. Finish this nursery right. Alright. Hickory, Dickory. Blank. Is it say doc, B, P, C, Marina, or D, Inlet. Whoa. Me. It's $100 question me. You're kidding me right. It's $100. So $100. They think the million dollar question. Well this is the first one. Hey. Only $400. It's just a black thing. Do you like to use a life law? Yeah. What do I got? Well we have the Ask the audience. The 50 50 and the phone a friend. Ask the audience. That's only why people in here. That 50 50. You don't want me to phone a friend. Gonna phone a friend on the hundred dollar question finishing the nursery. But yeah. Alright, who are we going to call puppy? Oh my boy. Oh dirty bastard. Old dirty bastard. Yeah, dirty we call him. Our friends from AT&T will get old dirty on the line. And hopefully he can help you. Oh. Yo. Old dirty. Yeah man. We just filled in from who wants to be a million air. How are you? I got your friend here. Puff Daddy. Don't dirty. What's that? Oh my god. Oh my god. What's that? Alright. Oh. What's that? Old dirty. Puff Daddy's in a little bit of trouble here on the hundred dollar question. He's the first time man. First question. And the next voice you hear will be his. He'll come on the line. How ask you the question. They'll give you four possible choices. So you said. Hey man. Next voice you hear will be his. And 30 seconds begins now. What? You dirty. Finish this off for me. Alright man. Pickering, Dickery, blank. Is it a duck? B. P. P. C. Marino. Or D. Italy. Oh. Oh. Come on man. I don't got much time. Man. I know this man. I know it. I see it. P. I'm sorry man. It's a lot of money man. I'm sorry. Alright man. Thank you very much. I'm sorry man. Time's up. All dirty. Said P. You still have two lifelines left. We are on the hundred dollar question. You know what we just want to pull the audience? No. I like to add a lot of land. Actually, no. There's only three lifelines you've used. One you have to land. No, no. I get another lot of land. It's a brand new one because of the game. And what is that, Puffy? It's called shoot the host. Puffy, you can ask the audience. I call it shoot the host. Puffy, you're 50-50. What's he asking? Puffy, it's stuck. It's a-a-a. It's stuck. My final answer is stuck. It's stuck. And it's a good one. You got a home in all it. What are you running away for? Stop it. I'm running away. Stop it. That's 17 at 5.60. Lots of good stuff. We're going to be here in today tomorrow. Friday. And all day. Great stuff. Stuff you haven't heard it a long time. Stuff that you might want to hear actually getting some day. But in the meantime, great column by Max J. Castro. In the hero of on the off-ed page there. I'm not going to read it. It's too long. Ponderous to sit here and read. You'll pop up, especially in the holidays. But I just bring it to your attention. You're going to want to read it. Stuff stadium. And it just starts out by saying to those who are trying to sell us the idea that my Miss Future hinges on the Marlins and the sweetheart deal that provides jobs of public money to build a stadium so that they promise to stay here. Cities are great because of fine museums. Good libraries. Beautiful parks and vibrant neighborhoods. Cities become great because of their culture. They're urban soul in the spirit of the people. Cities are not made great by their ball themes or their ball parks. It goes on at great length. Nice going. Max J. Castro who's one of the few columnists in this town who want to regular basis makes a lot of sense all the time. Airbee column he writes that I can recall is right on target. Even during the early on days, he takes a lot of heat and a lot of crap from the militant to old green to Cuban community. But he makes a lot of sense and he's got a big pair. Which find anybody who does either with those in this town makes sense and has a big pair is like looking for a needle in the haystack. See I don't want to dwell on it because it's depressing but this town just attracts so many losers. Like doctors. Look at all the bad doctors we have here. I mean, trying to find a good doctor here like I said like looking for a needle in a haystack in the ocean. Stockbrokers. See your snicker and I'm that's one of my new years where's the loons. I'm not going to make a lot of stupid resolutions that I can't keep but one I am going to make is that during the month of January very very soon. I'm going to find the real financial planner. Somebody that's not obsessed with the same one to mention the role crap. I mean, if I would have a broker that bought me a stock called Askedives at 120 bucks a share. And there's now like two dollars a share today and on the verge of going belly up. I'd have to wonder if this man had his head on straight. Not to mention of course the ones that he did by me like shookrich and this TV and all the other director that this man is obsessed with. And I want to talk about the stock market. I was told in Joe this morning the fact is that during this last year is the zacres has been health care stocks and mutual funds. Energy natural gas other forms of energy. Reats. All there are but all kinds of things where people have made money. Not everybody lost their ass. But when you're dealing with somebody who's just a generic stock broker who's one dimensional who will eat those one thing and keeps repeating the same mistakes over and over again. You're not dealing with anybody who wants to trust your money to Mitch. You're dealing with a loser. Those kind of guys are a dime a dozen. Now I'm going to embark upon finding somebody because down here like I said everybody's a pitchman. Everybody's they're hyping in there. They're hustling and like that idiot at the hockey games. The hustler. Oh yeah, we're going to do this. So we're going to do that. We got so many billion dollars locked up the money. And if you're doing so great, how come you're hustling me like you're desperate for my money? I don't get it. Oh, it's bigger those hockey games. Am I going to be going tonight? Oh, see, I come on yesterday. And I made a statement which I thought was again pretty gutsy and pretty on target. And should have been a good ol' object lesson. A lot of people out there instead of being suckers the rest of your lives. And I get one call on it from some greasy old fart in a hell and Dale. Some disgusting miserable old piece of direct, which hell and Dale is loaded with which they specialize in. You're a hypocrite. Bye-bye. Yeah. You don't even know the meaning of the words. So you're an old disgusting jackass. You're pathetic. You're what's wrong with this town. All I said was that I'm not going to be going any more of those games. I'm going to the game when my team, the Toronto Maple Leafs, play here on Saturday. And yes, they lost another girls team last night. It wouldn't make any difference. If they lost every game, I've been a fan for 42 years. I'm a real fan. I live and die with Toronto Maple Leafs. Which is no matter what sport you like you're assuming you like any of them. That's what a real fan is all about. But what's happening with the Panthers isn't going to anything do with living and dying with a team. There's no effort. There's no effort by having to players or more. There's no effort by the organization. We have a white wash going on by the media. All of a sudden have a lot of yaw and can't open up their mouth and are pissed off at me. Because on the one person in town, it's got the balls to tell what like it is. It's not just the fact that they play 35 games and they want only six. It's the fact that the product that they're putting on a front of the people is an embarrassment. They had to be giving refunds after those games. That's not having a good time to go see a lackluster on effort and keep reading the stupid puff pieces in newspaper about Terrey Murray is like a George Stephanopoulos. He's becoming a real philosopher and he's up to the 4 in the morning wondering about this. He's wondering all right, when the hell the guy damn sure is going to drop, the way the hell he's going to wind up screwing things up next. Which can't happen soon enough. I mean, how stupid can people be that when the people belly I can about wane and about John Henry and rightfully so, but what do you keep subsidizing them for? Why do you keep lending them your tangible support? When saying the best analogy would be I was telling this to Duff before the show. You went into a restaurant, they even go in two for years. And you really enjoyed going there. Not a place with like greasy cool cuts like that one place, but I'm talking about a real good restaurant. Oh, y'all get to them. I'm going to rip them and ask that a too. Have D-Foke at butchered up to and I I salute D-Foke man. He's grown a small pair. Joe Rose is working on him and he's finally getting D-Foke to grow a small pair. Even rip those chronic guys. It's like a fracking five monster. He invented it now he's destroying it. Nice going D-Foke. You suck whole. But anyway, let's say there was a restaurant you really enjoyed going to. And the food was delicious and the service was great and they were friendly. You'd always had a good time there and the prices were reasonable. And then all of a sudden the quality of the food started going down. And the prices kept going up and up and up and the service they just threw the food at you. And they treated you like crap like hey don't bother me. I'm busy reading the book. And finally one day you went to the manager and you said you haven't come in here for years and I really used to enjoy it here. But lately the food is crap. The prices are ridiculous and the services in different bed and rude. And they said well where the prices of song are restaurant. And when we find a new owner then the food will be good again and the service will be great and then the prices will be more reasonable. Now let me ask you is there any person in his right mind who would go back and eat and that restaurant again until they serve the restaurant. You know you're using places under new management you know okay fine I'll give him a chance. But if you knew that that was their attitude is there any chance that any sane person would go back absolutely not. And that's why I'm not going to be going to any of those games except when the Toronto Maple Leafs are here I'm going to be rooting for them like I always look as that's my team I'm a fan of that team and that organization and we have plenty of dreadful years up there but the fact is that's the team I'm a fan of. How can you be a fan of this of what's going on here of the slap in the face routine that goes on in every couple of nights. It's not fun it's not entertaining and like I said yesterday to sit around in a bitch session before the game and in between period with a bunch of the same people. I'm not saying that people some of them are nice people and they're hoping for the best but they're naive. If that's the best they can do with their lives is to put on their silly little you know they're their sweaters and go to sit there and pretend that they're having a good time good luck to you find a life. Go out and hold up a seven eleven do something exciting. Go to some egg nog. But that's not excitement that's not entertainment. So if you are with tag me if I'm the villain or this I'm not the one that's taken your money. I'm not the one that's sticking a two in saying oh well I'm not going to do anything with improvement until it's good for me. That's worthy that's the man that's stuck with his freaking marlin that's the same guy that's doing it to you with his panthers and that's the same guy that will always do it to he's the same guy that he was brought to the left us to the right that the blockbuster park not. That's why we're in a this thing about a stadium now because that was another line along a list of lives. Oh yeah remember blockbuster park and we were going to have a stout to dome stadium and the dolphins were going to play in a football stadium in the mall and we're going to play in the baseball stadium and we're going to have a world class Olympic training track and all these things didn't happen. Oh no and why didn't it happen because Wayne decided that it was time to take his $2 billion whatever the hell in his blockbuster stock and make that two flags it on TV with the crocodile tears running down his cheeks. Wayne Hizinga can take his blockbuster stock. He can take his Miami dolphins. He can take his Florida Panthers. He can take all of his crocodile tears as far as I'm concerned and stick them all way up in his ass. He's not going to get another dying on my money under any circumstances. I'm going to speak in my own soda Saturday night when the elite game is on. I'm going to invite a guy named Sotus. You can stuff it right up your ass because the way that you troops a public the way you slap people in the face and you still like I said got these stupid people keep coming back for more. I don't get it. I'm not understanding how I've been at stupid. It's taken me this long. I realized it's a pretty boring place down here but Jesus even even just going to the track and losing 100 bucks is going to be a lot more fun than go ahead and see in that crap again. And the excuses and the bull crap and the stories and these cover up guys and all these little bush league minor league kids writing this garbage in the newspapers puff pieces. And then said. So you guys can be pissed off and me over there and then bother me when we do the first time be pissed off all you want. I take it as a high compliment. I must be saying the right things. I'm looking at the mirror and see the soil that you guys are writing in your newspapers. What are supposed to be real major market newspapers. What a pair of shows you guys are. And how about the rest of these guys. Dave Hyde and Dave Joseph and Eddie the purpose of all these other words. Where's their common. When they're going to open up a mouth and say something. They got lots of. Because certain people in this time like Wayne Hypinger they get a free pass. They can do no wrong. And like I said, pass rhymes with stick it up your ass Wayne and have a good time doing it. 27 after 10 at 5.60 WQ and. It was almost Saturday morning and it exactly man. Oh, more. But nothing to the prepared. And I'm not done badly. 4. He was proud. He was going to be in the happy weather. He was just about to put a cat in due to my crowing. I am using the bathroom and in city. He was reading the technical. He is under there. I looked above the toilet where the towels used to be. And there was things that grew today. So they'd throw all they see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I didn't see. I the one thing. I didn'tåœ“ you figure out how many things I should take. Why didn't you figure out? I didn't see where. They're nothing but gifts. Thankfully. Most of the week. Thank God. I went. Walla for people to show yesterday. I wouldn't do the Weine high like one gigantic bowel movement. Because I'm frustrated by a lot of things. A lot of them being the fact that we really are raising the kind of money with these charity campaigns anymore like we used them. Of course we're not at the old station anymore, we're over here. And we don't really get enough of a lot of cooperation here. We don't get a lot of involvement. But that's the understanding of the century. It used to be kind of like a station campaign. And I would say here it's like, well, that's Neil on his island over there. Maybe a few of us will assume we're going to check for whatever that stupid charity might be this year. But I'll have to let him screw him. And then of course we also had the added dimension of the fact that all the punks out there now are downloading from Napster and also burning copies of the CDs. So try to sell CDs to raise money for charity is a fruitless effort at this point. Miguel is working on getting a satautal which she ever had he did a day at a mall. And of course the thing continues through the 31st to Sunday. And you can buy your best of Neil CDs and cassettes still inspects. But we'll be lucky to raise 80 grand. I would say it. I'm that's my estimate, my best guess. I've looked 10 grand as the money I had the seed money I put in there in the beginning. So you're talking about really raising about $70,000 in an area of 4 million people. Not all I could. Not that great. And of course if George were here this week which he's not his busy home drinking egg none but if he were here we could have that same argument again about the key change and if we had a lot more of them we'd have raised a lot more money because we have that same argument again. And it wouldn't be any point because you know if I talk to my mother I'm talking he's not listening. I'm talking to a rock. So I pull a question today. Should Neil bother with charity campaigns anymore? Now what do you what is the look? Give me a look. I just didn't know you were going to do it today. Why? You haven't mentioned it. Today's as good as any. Should Neil bother with charity campaigns anymore? Yes? No or I don't give a shmit. Those are your three choices. I mean nobody listens to their show because they care about the CDs or they you know and nobody listens for that reason. And when you're really stopping figure out for example I'm looking at the where's the number? Where now the go Eric? One moment please. What else? The number on the order. Or to 703 on our website on urg.com. 703. Now stop and figure out when you consider the fact that we have people listening in New York and in Detroit and in even in other countries not a whole lot but you know isolated here when they're in Phoenix. 703 on the internet when you're all over the world that's not a resounding number. In fact I'll guarantee that more than 703 people have downloaded the stuff from Napster and still in it free than came up with a 20 bucks per plan per month. Going to you. No contest. How much of it do you think is actually on Napster? I mean how many of the bits could possibly be on there? Or even if it's not on Napster just to burn the copy of their friends for free which everybody in their brother now getting the I got one of those. Remember the day I got a year to go the CD burner it's great. Oh yeah I got all kind of stuff that I you know make my own CDs. I'll like rate European music that nobody here wants to hear but I'm gonna play some of the anyway. But anyway because you look you seem so depressed about this which I have no idea why. We can still have a free meal at the pizza loft so I understand that. Yeah we're getting free lunch from my an hour today. You got a nice little tradition going. Yeah for many many years and people love the CDs and the key change even more than why I start but we did while we did stop for the one year and that was the year that was in limbo even though I already signed a contract to come over here and these people didn't want to do it why didn't they want to do it because the main reason being that they were afraid they'd have to put up the CD money and be in the cheap clicks that they aren't always I have a trouble finding two nickels to rub together didn't want to do that. In addition to which what it comes to promotion it's not a never vocabulary don't you understand that after all time you've been here it's not a never vocabulary they don't know what that means. It's not existing to them. Do you know what our promotional budget is? What is it? You really don't know I want you to ask during the next break I want you to go in and ask Miguel what the promotional budget is for his department he's the promotion or I don't know what his title is today but he's in charge and find out what our monthly promotion budget you guarantee you will pay in your pants you'll have to put on the pens. For a company that's listed on the NASDAQ on the stock exchange which house that stock doing these days. Yeah by me I didn't say it's doing great. Doing better than zero oxygen as you put together which is pretty scary much. Yeah we don't have any complaints it's not an our vocabulary if not something these people are interested in doing people come to like when we used to do the appearances oh where's there's a bumper stickers? Oh yeah bumper stickers. And you just laugh you just laugh right out loud because of course we don't believe in those things we don't do that stuff. Yeah but you're your big time you don't need promotion right? Oh yeah right. Anyway here's the question since Joe is just the dead set against the my asking this but I will anyway should you bother with charity campaigns anymore yes no or I don't give a shipment those are three questions and whichever one you answer that's fine with me doesn't it doesn't pay me at least. And explain that that means no key chains no CDs. Right. Well let me answer something you think that anybody in the audience will stop listening because we don't have key chains you think that people will stop tuning in. Is that why people listen to the show so they let me ask you another question what percentage of the people are listening right now all 500 of them you think have the key chain. What percentage of the people listen to the show on a pretty regular basis ever donate a dollar or more to any of the charities we get involved with infinitesimally small. Now you were there at pizza loft the night we did our one fundraiser this year because we were not doing all that great and we're kind of desperate I didn't really want to do any and we raised a couple of grand which was nice and there were a lot of people showed up in place was packed online for three hours and you saw the crowd we had I would say I don't know how many there were a lot of people came by and on that crowd there were about 50% of the people were like you know one of the mill nice ordinary living and reading people and then there were I don't know what I'm trying to be kind how would you describe the other 50% of the people the other people. I mean what geeks would that be like a that would be complimentary wouldn't that Georgia call them frog would I be word geeks bearing gifts or bearing anything. So my point is that the groupies generally speaking those are the ones who are like in the this stuff you know the groupies having gone out in the van and met these people not the ones you're talking about the regular people they same pretty into it and happy to have these things available. Well we're fine now we're taking a pool I'm not I'm not pushing them in one direction of the other I like I said whatever they vote on that I'm open minded next year's next October is a long way off a lot of crap can happen between our October who knows the station to be slowly between our next October. Somebody might come along some Christian company could come along and buy the whole kind of outfit and pay me off and say here's a check for like a $4 million have a nice life I have a good kind of an accident. Yeah I mean I'm just thinking out loud you do understand then I'm not saying it's going to happen I'm just thinking to myself I'll listen to this the time of the year when people start hallucinating from too much egg not. Twenty before eleven and five sixty WQ I've had an annual while it's time to have fun leave the wife and kids at home this weekend and relax a little see a day airline with it to you to get up it will get laid daily why can't you have our 69 destination for special low prices right now. Most I want to give you that we give you a little t and a T and a airline because you're tired of masturbation. 1046 and 560 or so I guess that's so costilaw to curiosity what about those dolphin playoff tickets because they're a hankiest today and that's you know the fact that they they mail them regular mail last Thursday and then I even heard mad dog last night which why would he need tickets for the game when he broadcast the games. When you think you have like normal press credentials I'll get into it but anyway I guess he gets tickets or maybe he gets tickets that he gives to somebody but anyway he has got his yet either. So what are you going to the game or not on Saturday all depends on whether or not I get my tickets sometime like the next three days not that they're cutting it closely to understand somebody facts is me this and I'm glad that they did because I did see in the paper this morning almost forgot about it want to be fair want to make sure we attack all sides. Newark New Jersey in Orthodox Rabbi who let a national Jewish youth organization Oye sexually abused women and girls and physically abused both boys and girls at least he spread it around according to a report commission after he resigned over the allegations last summer. The internal investigation also concluded that some person all of the Orthodox union and its national conference of synagogue youth failed to respond properly to red flags raised during decades of complaints against Rabbi Baruch Lantern Baruch I'll pour out an eye no cover up was found by Lantern's inappropriate and could be heavier should have led to his firing according to a summary of the report released yesterday. How do you like that so it's the priest in a rabbis and all these crazy people are doing your kids and having a good time doing it. Okay here we go. How should I vote on this thing? I voted I don't give a Schmidt. So that makes me neutral. I wonder if we should continue in the fundraiser or not? I'm going to do a crystal. I just don't give a Schmidt anymore. I don't want to go and shot a lot on Monica. Monica is a woman who was an intern in the White House instead of taking memos she took off her white blouse. I guess you could say I'm the dog of the nation. Not a real good time for a family vacation. Let me just say thanks for my high approval rating. American don't mind for marital dating. I really really want to go. A father jack for Monica. I drink in and ton of go and then fat upon Monica. Hillary is angry. I really thought I lost her. But I said if she'd die with me, I should up a bow for this monster. As for daughter Chelsea, I know why she's mad. She's a college sophomore but gives you her date and said, you know I could have skated and escaped this big old mess. Monica, they're more careful about that I'd like to do one for dress. I really really want to go. A father jack for Monica. She blew my heart Monica and I blew my nerve on Monica. I really really want to go. A father jack for Monica. She blew my heart Monica and I blew my nerve on a girl. Hey, guys! For all of you who loved our Papa Gripes for babies, here's a new Papa Gripes just for a daughter. Hey, S-white! You talking to me? Yes, I'm talking to you! What do you want? And that's why you got one? Sure, here you go. Hey, thanks! When you're on the go, you don't always have time to wright thoroughly with toilet paper. If at all. That's when you use new ass wipes. The moist outlet and the condying Papa container. Honey, you're squirming in your chair. You didn't like properly, did you? Well, I was so darn busy today. I just didn't have the time. Here, you need an outline. Well, I ever asked why it's a specialty formula. I did do handle even the most stubborn, fecal fiascoes, and they're said it. To give you that fresh, just white feeling. Say, Belle, that ass white you let me today was a real life savour. I don't want to fact on. I understood it. Yeah, I was pitching that new client, and I just couldn't stop taking it scratching. In there, from that ass white left me clean as a whistle. And that minty fresh feeling gave me the confidence. I needed to land the account. As whites available in your grocery's things to wipe your butt with section, I don't give a sh** anymore. How much for a more rich is? How much for a rich is? Could I get a more nickel-coated for a quarter? It costs more money than I am, is. How much for a run? How much for a run? Could I get a more nickel-coated for a quarter? It costs more money than I am, God. How much for a rich is? How much for a rich is? Could I get a more nickel-coated for a quarter? And would I get a good deal? Can I touch your eye-me? Can I touch your eye-me? OK! Could I touch a more nickel-coated for a quarter? You wouldn't have to remind me. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. I've got no money to spend. Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, you be my friend. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, time. Could take a spar. If you feel please, get in my car. And I'll say to you, how much for a run? How much for a run? How much for a run? Could I get a more nickel-coated for a quarter? Can I have a four run? Ah, ah, ah, ah. No, a day in the life of three Baptists. Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah. Hey, fellas, let's do something. I feel like it was so too. How's about we go shopping at the K-Mart? That's a good idea. It's a K-Mart, it's a waste of minutes. What? We can't. Oh, no. Because K-Mart's doing a promotion on that there, Hercules movie. Put out by the Disney kid. All right, me, I think I got it. Well, let's go see the Lost World that's a Ratchet Downsore movie. Oh, that's a crap. Why should I put it? We can't. Oh, yeah. Because Jeff Goldblum's in that, and he used to date Laura Durr. Go there. What? There's always a baseball game. I like baseball too. Play the minute. What? What? We can't. Why not? Because the only game on is the Yankee game. Yeah, so the Snapdragon readers didn't do nothing? Yeah, but they're playing the Angel. Disney can't do. Well, hey, let's watch some TV. And NBC's got third rock from the Sun. NBC's our old watch at the... We're watching. Yeah, hey, let's do something. We can't. Why? Because third rock stars John Liffgow, who was in that butt-loose movie with Kevin Bacon, who was in that Marile Street movie, the River Wilde, and Marile was in Silkwood with Sharon. Kurt Russell and Kurt was in the computer ward. And issues. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, hey, hey, look at here in the paper. Blue Perry, signing autographs down at the record store. Oh, I heard that fire. Yeah, yeah, that was a little bit annoying. Wait a minute. We can't. I know. The Liffgow was in the fifth element with Bruce Welles, who was in die hard too with John Amos from good times, who used to live next door to Calvin Plant. Oh. Yep. Oh, looks like it's the river, and it's again. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. Right. What's I had a girl? She was a beautiful girl. But she had that. Thanks, Brad. Her brother was so bad. One time she put a thick tag in her mouth. And it jumped right back out and said, Oh, no. If this job is too big for me. Shut your mouth. You're saying, Brad, he's in my face. All baby, you're a little bit. Hey. Staying in the whole dark place. While little darling, won't you shut your mouth? I just can't take no more. A few more whiff of your safe breath. I'll be back around the floor. Can't get enough of those four foul mouth kids from South Park. Well, comedy central changes attitudes and latitudes with four wife guys from Alabama. Join the last on the All-New animated series, Deep South Park. You smell it, partial, mutant, heel-balance. I bet you're a dad and give your sister every night. Oh, what's your point, Rubis? It's Deep South Park with all the dirty language and ethnic slurs to ensure instance success. I'll tell him we have a summer, so, somebody gets in the f*** with my f***ing shit. That's because the f***ing shit is a f***ing shit. And he'll write f***ing shit. It's Deep South Park. Just like South Park, except without rations, Southern accent. Oh, my god, thank you, baby. I'm doing it, you bastard. Oh, well, let's go hunt some road kills. Deep South Park, coming soon to comedy central. I bet you're a friend, there's to be proud, you know? 10.56, how's that pull coming? The old should kneel, bottom would charity campaigns anymore. 41 votes already? Yes, 21. Keep plugging away, yes, 21. I don't do a sh***ing more. 18. Say, I don't give a sh***ing. And two say, no, why waste a time? This is five, sixy, QAF. Fort radio, five, sixy, WGQAF, Miami Fort Lunderedale. A measly broadcast group for a man. WQAF.com, or the world. So, I'm going to ask you to go to the guy called, who just came back from Vegas, and they're going to be a son, then, it's about the restaurant that I recommended. The world's wood grill, not being that good, and had a bad piece of meat. And a steak wasn't that good either. So anyway, I was thinking about that call, which was a very bad call, but I came across my travel and leisure magazine that came in the middle yesterday, which I wasn't nearly sh***ing me, immediately. But there's a big thing in here about the American steak out. It's official beef is back, because we don't have mad cow disease here yet. And it's got to think about, it says thanks to a cash rich and protein craving population, the steak houses again, the hottest joint in town from coast to coast. And it says, what's more, some of the countries most celebrated chefs are moving in with a whole new take on the classics. And it's got a list of what they considered to be, the best new steak houses in the country. And here's a big picture of, now didn't you stay at the baraggio? Yes, but I bet you didn't eat at the prime. No. A little bit too rich for your taste, maybe? Yes. It says, don up in chocolate brown and cobalt blue with glit accents and crystal shandleers. Prime is by far the grandest of the new Las Vegas steak houses. They should issue engagement rings at the coach check. And it looks like a really, really good see fancy, fancy, fancy, fancy place. So they list in here in the back of the circle, some of the restaurants they recommend very highly, and in Vegas there are three of them. I just mentioned this in passing. Don't be calling me in a month and say, oh, gee, the restaurant you recommended, we tried it and it sucked. I don't recommend it travel at least your magazine from American Express. They recommend it. Don't blame me. Crime steak house in the belong, your 36-hundred-long Vegas Boulevard South, dinner for 250 bucks. Now what are you laughing about? That's not bad for a steak house. For a real fancy, fancy steak house. And I'm assuming that might include a little wine, something like that, maybe a little egg nog? Do you know how many poles on a slot machine that is? A Charlie Palmer steak in the four seasons hotel, 39-60-long Vegas Boulevard, that dinner for 280 bucks. That's more up your alley. The same cookbook author and Oreo chef goes back to back with unpretentious steak house that flavors quality meats and subtle flavors over a flash. And you know who stays at the four seasons? Bruce Beesley. Who was in here, remember you were here when you was here a few days ago? And we're talking about the fact that this company just brought some stations out in Vegas that they'll be screwing up very soon. Well he likes to stay at the four seasons. And of course, with the money that he's got all of that Beesley stock, he used to be able to afford to stay there. And the other one they list is Del Manico in the Venetian, resorting to, you know, dinner for 230 bucks. But beware, you want an awye? Guess who runs this joint? Emer LaGase kicks it up another notch at the Venetian with Cagin Tink Tind side dishes, gorgeous rib eyes and a melt in the mouth shut the brain on. It says, Emeral kick it up a notch and stick it up your ass. So I'd like I said I like the prime steak house in the Belage, or sounds good to me. And Joe's buying. I want a bag when the butt pony. Coming this summer to a theater near you, it started out as an innocent weekend, wrapped in trip with the guys. Until. Oh. Deliverance 98. He today's hot, you'll keep these dishes, they make the jump to the big screen. Deliverance 98. Sorry Kyle, Kenny and Cartman. Lonnie Ben Oberler. Scooby-O-A-Locken Tind. And, he'll eat the bag. I said squeal, bad ass. I'm not big yet, give it to me, and think of it. And I don't want to help out. Watch your ability to turn some of the self-park here. Oh my god, it's such a funny, Deliverance 98. Who's some? Don't be a do-do. Don't be the booby-on-dandy. Host they made them have rough sex. Host they made them have rough sex. Bright sex was a new Rolex. Bright sex was a new Rolex. Host they six feet underground. Host they six feet underground. Liles wigs in lots and sounds. Liles wigs in lots and sounds. Kiddie said, Lile, You're a fake. Kiddie said, Lile, You're a fake. Snatch that wig off. He's a cake. Snatch that wig off. He's the cake. Chaser up and down the stair. Chaser up and down the stair. Screaming, Give me back my hair. Screaming, Give me back my hair. Erick said, I never knew. Erick said, I never knew. My brother's queer, and chrome don't do. My brother's queer, and chrome don't do. Liles said, Erick, Shut your mouth. Liles said, Erick, Shut your mouth. Are these some taxed be going south? Are these going south? Are these going south? Now get upstairs and rush your teeth. Now get upstairs and rush your teeth. Then stick that toothbrush underneath. And stick that toothbrush underneath. Rob sex, Rob sex, Nice sex, Nice sex, Neese sex, Neese sex, Just sex, Just sex. A great way to start your day. Will Marvin's frosted face. Yes, Now there's a new breakfast cereal for adults. Marvin's frosted face. Yes, Sugar-fosted cornflakes hate like marvellers, but yeah, each plate is lovingly shot with a hot spluse of sugar to frost. Marvin's face. Yes, and best of all, it's made of corn. So it goes through fast. Yes, Oh, start your day. Look like my big way. Marvin's frosted face. Yes! Oh, still is the club. They are the adult theft device that locked onto your car steering wheel. But now there's an even better theft effort. Introducing the club. The club is the only automobile security system that protects your car by contaminating it, but our highly contagious and disgusting sexually transmitted disease. Probably apply to your steering wheel. The club discourages even the most determined things. Hey, Charlie, look at that hot little convertible. Yeah, let's take a very spin. Oh, check out the sticker on the window, what you say. It's a, it's a clap. Uh, we better forget it. You said it. I stole a car with a clap a couple of months ago to steal her from a beach. What a make sure nobody messes with you. Then get the clap and you might want to get a shot of tennis, and then while you're ready. New from the makers of Uncle Josh's fishing baits and K-Wi-brand personal lubricants, it's master bait. Tired of using confusing and unreliable plastic fishing lures are squirming the disgusting live bait. Oh, it's you, this bit. It is long hours and a boat with no bites we be feeling bored. Oh, I'm all done myself. I hear it. It's me, you know. I'm trying new master bait. Squeeze a little dab on your hook and in your palm and in no time you won't care if the fish are biting or not. Oh, yeah, I think it's a quick one. Yeah. Master bait. Order today and you'll receive a free 100% Terry cloth master bait signature hand towel and a complimentary issue of field and string swimsuit addition. Don't look the big one slip between your fingers again. But if it does, who cares? Master bait. A beautiful and as pro-shop is your one and that's a holy one. Oh, I'm the bread is one door. I'm the bread is one door. I'm the bread is one door. I'm the bread is the only door. Oh, that'd be a good pull to take. Who's the snappy addressers Catholic priest or Jewish rabbis? See, promised in the mystery that like boring, you know? This were like what did they wear? Regular crack where they were like a special, never really thought about that. Now, at Piscope Peggy and they have like a special outfit, right? Kind of like a dress of a sort. Here's the fact that says Neil and Joe wanted to vote. Yes, on the pro, but why did let you know how much I like your stuff? So to speak. I buy the best Neil every year and give away the CDU's to give to my boss. Please continue in this happy new year. Glenn and Iowa, one of our chronic factors, one of our very few out-of-state chronic P.S. is the tax production too. Chameless request put no on your keychain next year. Now, we could look at said one of those would go over to what Kevin Bans did at the Harold. Please listen right now. Happy new year, Kevin. Get a smile on you, push you more on. And here's more than that for you too. Just in case you're missing it this morning. Can't we have several of our hearts? Like that one, that's not on the keychain yet. We put like a whole variety of hearts on the keychain for Kevin Bans. And then also maybe some Piddly Vailorations tumor on it too while we're at it. Now I'm going to check your 11 at 5.60 WDQM. When they can, they call me melanoma. I can, until I'm almost an acoma. How I eat, my amy, and they never ever use any sunscreen. And with me, I can with me, hope you don't mind. I'm a little fatally. I'm in the center of the heat. Now I know what? We say to like a fine new experience. I'll be your mama. I like to know how I'm got this little body lost. Piddly Vailorations! I spend all day at work planning. That when I get off a go-tanding, I get naked and fake naked. How much longer is my skin gonna take it? My astrologist. And we were relatives. Have to help me find the dermatologist. We're like a science tool. We get melanoma. We bake like a fine new experience. I'll be your mama. I like to know how I'm got this little body. Mama. Hey, melanoma! We lie in the sun until we get melanoma. We bake like a fine new experience. Melody, we got luxurps, kids, bigur, then a metroidoma. Hey, melanoma! Hey! We don't care if we get melanoma. We got a best care from here's Arizona. We're livin' on half-general, kind of love. Hey, melanoma! Hey! He and bodies of perfect NFL wide receiver. Fat, powerful, I'm serious. He helped lead the Dallas Cowboys to another world championship. He is my color, there. We're going all the way, baby. Now, that seems to be good. Can be passed on to your kids at the Michael Urban Football Camp. Do you want to play football? You gotta learn how to take a hit. No, not like that kid. You gotta move a light out to the fight like this. At the Michael Urban Football Camp. You're a little grid-eye-end grade. We'll learn the basic of modern football. Hey, we don't learn all about that. Yeah, I'm good. That offensive is easy. Me, we don't. No. The girls at Michael Urban Football Camps will give your kids the skills to handle anything. Today, we're going to practice the skill you need. If you're ever going to make it through the NFL. Call it. So, there you go. Thinking of mom was good now. How could they answer? Michael Urban Football Camp. Fat is the beginning of August. You can have your child tapping a plea by September to enroll your future holiday merge. Just stop by the motel of the two police cars in the parking lot. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. When this quarterback gets lonely, he likes receive as better way. All right. Some people say that number eight is gay. Yeah. They say choice of the big blind. A. C. You go down as easy. Easy. Man. It's kind of easy. Like we used to. C. Man. He loves the staff cowboys on every line. He's got a spotless reputation. America's team is rubbing out. But he's drooling. I've heard some people say. They know how to hear goes down. A. Man. I think so. I just came up with a great program in suggestion. Then you may have just to put your thumb on there right there. Because we're marveling at what an enjoyable show this is. A lot of stuff we haven't heard in a long time. And even the stuff we have is pretty amusing puts a smile on my post. And you said maybe there will be the new best stuff. Or man. Some of those awful tapes with suck. They absolutely blow. They are unacceptable and grow tests and repetitive and outdated. And they blow. Yeah. People can just call you up. Now you said, call you up. But I guess that's when George isn't here too. Is that it? Yeah. When we have to play it. Take. Yeah. They call off the air. And that Joe just plays in the world. They are computer off the CDs. Whatever. There you go. Get the spot in, of course. Get the spots in. Put a smile on people's face. Don't act here. A bunch of stupid crap that you already heard before. I'm talking about some stupid ball game that happened six years ago. Or some election that's been over with now for, by that time months. Or some little kid that got, you know, taken back to Cuba. And some old man with a dress. Yeah. We got an appop. We don't have to hear that one anymore. People will stay locked in, hoping to hear their favorite comedy bit. Right. What a great idea. So what do you think folks? All jam time, all in bumpy. But try to wander, yeah. And I have a problem. But I get used to my hair. I only have one hair. I only have one hair. I like eating my dinner, I think it's side. And I like eating something. I can't hide. I can't hide. I can't hide. So play. Well, for me. I'm cranky better open. And if you do make one of me. I'll clap you like a bear. But only with my good hair. I only have one hair. I only have one hair. I need another abortion man. I need it. I feel like a baby's hanging out my ass. I'm hobbling and having trouble lifting my teeth. I'm panic with the fake at lines down the street. It's the abortion shuffle. I'm going to have to get the abortion shuffle. I'm going to have to get the abortion shuffle. Leave me out on the double. Try to get the sex of the fetus out of my baby. I think from the juices that I've had in the work, the max-dating meal fall over my shirt. I'm walking like a hippie and fatigued. At our summer-pupacate, Brad is dressed to the abortion shuffle. The abortion shuffle. I'm going to get the hangar on the double. I'm going to have to get the sex of the fetus out of my baby. I'm going to have to get the sex of the fetus out of my baby. This is Jocelyn Elders and I'm mad. Mad at those right wing sons of bitches that forced Bill Clinton to fire me. Just hold her to hell they think they are. All I was trying to do was deal with the reality of sex and teenagers. Maybe as Jocelyn Holmes had busted a chip or a new gangridge had butted the collar a little more. It wouldn't be so uptight. Slogging a dog never hurt anybody. And if people did a little more that we might save some lives, Helen Clinton just stayed home and spanked the monkey. He'd even be in the last hot water. Teaching kids about masturbation would be no big deal. We could even take some standard teaching tools and just twist them around a little bit like see dick run. When you see dick run, get to the doctor because you picked up a back as a crowd's cricket. Folks, we got to get real about the realities of the world we live in. There are too many kids out there taking a baloney ride and parking their yacht in Hair Harbor. Now if we just teach them to stay home and paddle the pickles, pump the python, walk the door, wax the carrot or tickle the taco. We'd all be better on. That's all I have to say. Now I'm going home now and see if Mr. Elders wants to pop it in the toast and hail an oyster and buzz the griller. Hey, he's one of one faster. Jump higher and make the blind see again. Why do you want to move like a wind? So like an eagle and raise people from that dead car? Yeah. Because there's only one human also. He's gonna lose air. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Come on. What do you think of your name? It's a miracle. Come on. Oh, what's it? Oh, what's it? What? What's it? What's it? What's it? What's it? Why? And just put it in the python, man. Oh, what's it? Oh, what's it? Hey, what's it? What's it? Come on. Get it off. Yeah. Jesus. Jesus. Jesus. Why is it Mr. Elders? The pet is pushing Jacob. He's filled with avion. Carefully laid in the vicinity. So every part of your foot is always walking on welfare. So are you not responsible for anyone, James? It turns to why. Come on. Come on. Look for the only air Jesus cross-trees. It's really good to feel like you're pulling again. I just want to say that odd support family values. I love families, especially families with two to three daughters, preferably in the middle 18. Suppled breast, shoulder length long hair. I'm in the twin that really turns me on. And I'll feel your pain. Four more years to my parents. What do you want to do? Some fact have a bigger subpoena than that. Oh, he's just threw around the talk. He's not family values. I don't know what all's about to do. I play the role. His wife is just strong. They're less balanced. The space is the song. He's leading the song. He's just a little bit scared. They're overrated, the keys are with so much time left. She's got no masturbates. You know it. Hold it. The sentence is fucking forever. Last kind of weird. Frankly, I don't feel it, crap. He ain't got no child. You know what I really want, right? Yeah. The story is all I've heard. I don't get part of it. I see it all all. Keep some away from the father. You're not a fucking fool. You're the fucking guy. Who's dickhead for president? I don't know. When to see election, we got two dickheads for president and then we got one. All the fuck, the goal of the president. We got two dickheads for president. We got two dickheads for president. Some funny one told me you're so full of a loan. You ain't the shop in two in the shed. You're presidential fund. You think so, do you? While all five, but think you're just a meathead. Well, if you let shit's coming in, you're red dog money. Because I'm against our foot, but that kind of stuff. The night's been something, and so far is where you try to explain what the issue is. What's up? What's up? It's out. It's out. It's out. It's out. It's out. It's out. It's out. I'm out. You're out. What's your game out? Just aight. I'm out. You're out. You're without you. So I'm out. You're out. You're out. Just out. You're probably in a football. Yeah. 26-pats. So look at the tremendous response we had to hear idea about those best show shows with the all requests. They were ringing. No, they weren't. How many lines did you see ring? Three. Yeah. Beyond. Anyway, they're going to get around. Nothing we're answering, I'm already thinking, but at least it would have been like a show of emotion, something. Get a lot of response on our pool, though. What is it that I'm hearing? What it is that ass or Bob Ramuff is in the balloon. They're still popping around. It's only taken three years and they're finally alleging that they're going to be moving into the third floor of studios here. It's going there for both of you. So now there's like all kinds of noise outside of the studio here. And it's a little something to it. Not that we care. We're just playing crap. Killing some good time. 117 votes on our pool should kneel bottom, which you already can't pay in anymore. Yes, 69. And I didn't make that number up, but I'm just part of what you think. Uh, battle give a sh** anymore. 43 and no five. Huh? I don't give a sh**. It is catching up with the S. I don't know. I'm still on the side of it. Here's the place you won't be on the side of the boat. The world famous pizza loft when you go by there for a great lunch. You didn't be sure as Tanner how big that tip was I left for? And the money to know what are you smoking about? I left him a big foul on baby and he had a big smile on his face. And that was for next time Tanner to set you up. Anyway, and don't forget if you want Niels to hockey tickets for the Panther up for the game, you better get on it thrown right away before it's too late. Really? Are you snowing the bathroom? Come on, I'll be right out. Little Willie Stanford just found something amazing. And his life will never be the same. God, you sure I didn't there enough a lot? Are you all right in there, Willie? Almost finished. Coming soon to theaters everywhere. It's so good. When I found my dad's porno. Willie, we're done all the clinics go. And what's this all over the floor? Are you eating in here again? From the press and awkward team to the happiest guy in school. Willie Stanford has found heaven in his father's whole chest. Oh, it's okay, Mom. You and that go out. I'll see here in the watch the house. I don't mind. When I found my dad's porno, rated PG13, all kids H13 must see this film. I just can't wait until Papa don't do this. When no one makes any choice, He's got a ride on that as you first. He's done all the best. We should do this. We've got to watch his father turn around. You might as well vote for me. You might as well vote for me. I've got no interest in politics. From Papa don't just kind of make some mistakes. Who bad they're living someone else to fix. The TV might be obtrick, TV. That's why I'm bad in that proper dog. When no one is in the truth, you are the people taking truth with. Can't paint better if proof it. Don't know why this Robert Bono's a... It might as hell vote for me. It might as well vote for me. I know the Clint isn't at home. And for that matter, so is Walsh for love. But I just cannot vote for Robert Go. Everybody says he's too old. That's why I'm trying to new Robert Go. Do a little bit. When no one makes any choice, He's got a ride on that as you first. Both playing and you are stupid. You're gonna watch his Robert Bono's a... Your mind is low, both from me. You're my little boy, Bobby. A new film from empathy pictures. Dances with Crackdivers, the urban sequel. My name's John Barn. John Dunbar, the fourth? Oh yeah, right. I'm MC Jeff Jam and this is the curly moe. And the Waxiao moe name. Dances with Crackdivers. John Dunbar, the fourth goes looking for the getters. I mean, what you doing down here anyway, white, boys? What happened, Jack? You say the other side like that. What he finds is the geto within himself. You guys wanna come into my drumstone? We could wrap over a couple of the spruzzo and toss it. I ain't nobody's in that man. You're a baby one, don't you try some of this? Dances with Crackdivers, the mental defectors coming to theaters everywhere. My family, my mom and I grow my extra wee wee. You only have one, these things? Mommy, I like the horns. No, no, you're only supposed to have one. You're daddy the front? No. He has to wee wee. No son, he only has one, bohee wee. Mommy, no. No, er, he has two. Two? Yeah, I don't want to pee with. And a great big one, he brushes the baby shit or she's with. Judge Judy, you know she's tough. I don't want any more lip out of you, Mr. I'll spray it off my dabble when I smack you in the mouth. You know she's home spot. Look, don't pee on my leg and tell me your friend. Well, Judge Judy is taking it to the limit in an all new prime time special. Damn, oh, shit. Oh, fuck. The attorney general, the great state of Texas is allowing death row inmates to have their final appeals heard on TV before. Oh, fuck, Judy. You'll see his judge. Do what if like a discount fertilize the deal of the deal. You must be crazy if you think I'm gonna buy that loan. A crap. I sent him to the death by the electric chair you're sitting in now. And he laughed for it before I like Jeff on National TV. Can I get a cigarette at anything? No, no, no, no. No, no, no. Fuck me, fuck it. Fuck it. Get off. That justice. Death row judge Judy's style. But I shot him off. A murder priest when I was 11. He said he would save my soul. But we made a detour on the way to heaven. And in to the end that ruin we did take a stroll. While he was standing in his underwear, I don't need a window for insane prayer. Oh, that was broken when they saved you, man. Fuck out my list of bad old preacher man behind the wreck's dreams. Like them. The next day I felt like a sinner. In a short, a few gets communion. But on that turn that was in a way for... Panic, what a dreaded, a fnuckin' chin. Oh, he was standing in his underwear. Tell me to bend over and save prayer. Oh, that was broken when they'd thank you, man. I got molested by the preacher man behind the wreck's dreams. Yeah, he was standing in his underwear. Tell me to bend over and save prayer. Pulled up his robe and lamp and thank you, man. I got molested by the preacher man behind the wreck's dreams. A lot of friends going on baby under the religious institutions. Mostly on young children. Twenty-two before noon at five, sixty-queue. Well, sure, I've been responsible as a Panther pig. It's in my phones. We're ringing off the hook. Am I giving them away? Oh, no. But it was a fun to watch you try. 135 votes on our poll so far should kneel by the maturity campaigns anymore. After a very weak, not too good to see if we're planted. Maybe 80-go and total, maybe? Yes, 79. I don't care if I spent 48 and no eight. So I guess the real battle is between the indifferent and those who say, Yeah, you keep talking away, baby, and maybe someday we'll buy one but don't hold your breath. I feel really, really excited. Yeah, so sorry. 10-year-old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old Old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old, old I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm not a man. I'm getting Felare. Maybe I could just kick it, I'm not. Maybe I could just kick it, I'm not a morue. Three of us married, since party! Is your mother! Please grant us!ises! We married, since party! I'm not a man. They're breath smells like bile, she got crushed in her eyes. She smells like a urinal that attracts lots of flies. When she sits on the porch, she picks the scavenger knee. Her teeth are brown when she smiles, she portrays her trash woman for me. She has lice up above, she's got grabs down beneath. I call the trailer and wolf the family. Her father's her brother, her uncle's her grandpa. But I don't care, she's the trailer trash woman for me. Oh, she never pays herself. She looks like a fox. We're noses running so fly. Oh, we're very good hey, oh, she has 12 feet. She has 20 feet. Back up. She wipes the mouth on the shirt, when she's seen, she stinks at the time of the month that she's gleamed. She has a Harriet Chess Ben, Lou from Texan. Oh, right. I can't put this love on the shelf. She's the trailer trash woman for me. Girl. You know, I mean, it's from the bottom of my heart. No one is as special as you to me. That's why you are mine. Trailer trash woman is me. She's the needles and don't care. Got it, Mark. Underwear. Hmm, you'd make you want to cry. You'll know somewhere it came. Down the cramps drive you insane. Ooh, you'd make you want to die. Ooh, she'd have bought some. Oh, she's got a run. Cause now you got a run. That's where you're. You need fun to have ya. Dancing in the rest room of life. You need to act out the same situation. You've been in my deep blue to quiet. Introducing Face Down Barbie. She's a beer gunland vodka drinking dowel who knows what she wants. You need double spots to the beer chaser. She might have a pen. Face Down Barbie. She's got an open path and an open mind. What's happening? How would you like to take me home tonight? Sorry. I'm married. Yeah, well, so am I. You want to leave my husband here? Jack's Daniels? I think he'd write home, but not with me. Hey, can't get Barbie right home. For she passes out. Two laid, loater in the car. Fate Down Barbie designated driver, miniature liquor bottles and bartenders sold separately. Face Roop. Face Roop. He's the nasty, theft idiot he's ever heard. And Dr. Dites. And that. Roop over. By the girl, he's got his own move. Dites work. Well, somebody wants to watch what's in my mouth. I want to get a double call. I'm going to run. I know, I'll run. Thanks. For this time. Late to meet, um. You'll find your school for this place. What? I swear, bitch. I have to read the read that. The face does work. I can write. I'll just place. I'll just place. I'll just place. I'll just place. I'll just place. Blu-wap. Oh, no. This. There we. Face. Eyes. There we are. Andrew, Dites play in. Thanks. So, somebody, what you want, what you want, what you want, what you want, what you want. I feel good, but what you want, what you want, what you want, what you want. If we're planning an extended stay in prison, then princess, go all the backwards of Appalachians. Your past theory is going to pick up pounds. What do you want to do online? But now there's a unique exercise mission, guaranteed a tough and new one. From the makers of the App Damanizer, a revolutionary exercise machine that plattons your belly. That was the Sodomizer. I'll see that they are fitness tools that will cover your behind like nobody's business. But Sodomizer is a 218 cylinder of solid, tungsten steel. Only grease for easy insertion and sping load for a petidivection. Just use the Sodomizer three times a day for as long as you can possibly send it. And in just a matter of weeks, you'll be able to drop a supernish power with confidence. 40 of the Sodomizer today, saying 2995 in check-in on the order team, the Sodomizer. And over in school Arkansas, for eight. Or if you have your credit card ready call 1-800. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. It's cancelled. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Summer 1990 is the summer of Dick Tracy. You will see the movie, listen to the song track, where the T-shirt and read the comic book. And now just in time for Pottar's Day, you can enjoy the fragrance that was inspired by the movie, the soundtrack the T-shirt and the comic book. New Dick Tracy Colone. Why smell like other guys? Now you can smell like Dick. There's no better way to celebrate the holidays that bring family and twins together to the jelly good food. But overindulging a potato tape, we can only do unpleasant side effects like gas. I think a few minutes. Uh, excuse me. Oops. There's solidly season. Fresh and things up with new slain troments. Sphinxer mince. The after-dinner's depositories that make your farts smell maybe fresh. Hey, look at 40. An excel's can raise. Did you do it again? Why? Ah! This holiday season, fresh in your farts with Sphinxer mince. Sphinxer mince. For an English-ruf friend, go on to get close to you. Hey! Hey! Oh, Spy. Did you know when I'm driving down Roofed I'm W on a hop server day. Me and the Mrs. Always stop at Dickens. Dickens fruit state. They've got everything from fruit to vegetables. Homemade pies, but there is nothing like their side. Hey, bet, rat, honey. Dickens side. Yes, sir. Hey. Why, even though we were late in matured last Sunday, she had to have a little Dickens side. She says, the rate doesn't look like. Even mom ministers, this is why I can show us a little Dickens side are now in there. Hey, why don't you bring some home at our protective plastic rib bottom. That way it'll stay fresh. Or you can let set a while and have some hard Dickens side. It's good, it's lunch, good dinner, and there's nothing like waking up with a Dickens side. Dickens fruit state. Just don't fruit nine, double you and cut for road six to nine. Open 24 hours. Because I have to a chiller's summer night. I like to snuggle up and bed with a hot Dickens side. Hmm. There is a child. Living down in Mexico. Who has to go to work every day. Sit that is desk. Naking clothes for casting the. Loves the work. But doesn't love the pain. Wondering for a kid. They got the kids. They took a break. They loved the ones to make a daughter day. So quick. Come play me. It's just going to make it. Look how they do up to the heart. It's you to make a daughter day with gasoline. Hello, you have reached Dickens workers choice catalog and information one. To speak with a representative or if you have a rotary phone. Please stand the line. Thank you. Truths are into an operator. Please wait. Dickies customer service. This is Louie and him. They help you. Yeah, my Louie and I. Hi. You like Dickies. Sure. I guess a lot of women do. I believe so. My woman says she loves to get Dickies. I think. She likes a lot of. Yeah. And understands. I'm gay guys like Dickies. Well, I really don't know. You know what I'm talking about. What's the biggest Dickies you've seen? Well sir, we go to a 72 ways. Oh my god. You like little Dickies too. I think my girl basically likes big Dickies. Well, is there a point to this conversation sir? Yeah, just so I could just say Dickie a lot on the phone. Yeah. Were you wanting to place an order sir? For what? For clothing. Right? I don't talk about Dickies. Well, sir, that's what we carry is clothing. Well, big Dickie. Are if there's no other reason that you're calling this. I'm not like Dickies. A lot of women like Dickies. I'm going to disconnect. No. When it's all about Dickie. Teddy Ted's cousin's teaching of the wild frontier. I heard. Get up and old Montana for 17 years. The power or water just to come above beer. Now is reading history books while sitting in jail. For all the little packages he sent in a mail. Teddy Ted's teaching of the wild frontier. His brother got a hunch called the FBI. Everything seemed to point to big sky. How could a harbour grad be so whack? I guess from live in Anatin, the 12-shack. Teddy Ted's teaching of the wild frontier. You'll go to prison for life plus 10. Probably reads the Bible and confess his sins. But no one our system in our land to liberty. You'll get Johnny Cochranany who walks got free. Teddy Ted's cousin's teaching of the wild frontier. All right. Four minutes till the one at five, 60 WCM, one of the most enjoyable shows in years. His matter of fact. Not only for the best of shows. I'm thinking. I'm sitting here during all of this and I'm thinking to myself. Maybe for the year 2001 a great new format. What are you sniggering about here while you're eating your free lunch from my Narrow. Thanks Wayne. Thanks Hudson. I'm sorry you got your car busted and do Hudson. Better days are coming. Yeah. I'm thinking like 2001. I spaced out Odyssey. Here on the New Roger show. What's wrong with that? All the bits all the time. But you get a 90's here at least. Easy. We're 31. 5, 6, these WCM. Yannsey portl Lieutenant of Beesley, broadcast group station, www.kewamp.com or the world. Out there. In another bizarre twist still. I have been vanished. I've been put in a closet. Outside the lot. And I can't get out of here. Well, if we have someone listening in my amy. Who might have a connection to the stadium here, please call and tell them to let a gym manager out of the closet in the locker. Huh? Is that you knocking on the door, Jim, trying to get out? Yes. Oh, it is. Well, feel free to yell for help at any time. F mentee. Derek. G'and I quite delayed. G'dahin hard, to delayed! What does that sound come into had of me? Oh we're gonna dump the sadness, Cp! Shest up down,fonæ¾ andÃ©s! I'm not a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm a ghost, I'm There is a ghost, there is a ghost, somebody, someone is a Baritone, I Ð¸Ð»Ð¸ just like, subscribe to us. I'll send you something, send us out there, I mean I'm no video, ship got to know someé…’ give to my favorite hits, you I'll cool cool there, I'm flat, you lay. Are you gay? Are you unsure of your sexuality? Being gay is a full time commitment. So before you sashay on out of the closet, pick up a copy of It's OK to be a homo. It's OK to be a homo, is it surefire way to find out if you're gay? The book contains a chapter page of proven questions. Like, how would you say the phrase? Seven sailors, such slippery shouts? Seven sailors, a slippery shapp, or questions like, would you rather spank a bare bottom or spank your monkey? Oh, spank night? We're going to question it that. I mean, if you really must know, I'm not really at the truth in the animal. Well, what's the effective jirbel? So I'd rather spank a bare bottom bitch. No, I'm sorry, but bitch is an entil chapter 8. Pick up a copy of It's OK to be a homo. It's OK to be a homo, they'll let all boys turn to make the bookstores. You want the bear and you got it? The mask all gets packed singing voice-to-waves on the passage seats. Volume 2. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All of the lady is packed airing off with a great singing voice-to-hit. We'll even more, six stars. The net dog does them all. Amazing! An invitation. All right, guys. Out of the pole, ball. Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! It's an all new British invasion with the Mad Dog singing like a man. I like the action. I like it. The truth is, finally out that humanity was truly the fifth people. You got to give me the love and you give me the love and you give me the love. Oh, the world looks a lot. I'm so happy. Now you'll have to say, you know it and he said he's gonna be a bad guy. Here's the bad dog and room touching tribute to the King. Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! The Bad Dog was just a little elimit. When we asked him if he wanted to do it again. Not that. I don't think so. So, we had to drop the pill elimit until even his reign Doris signature would wind up on their contracts. That's one of a fish, this Tï¿½. Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! Oh, right! And it'szeÅ„ Why you do these? They will blow their mouth if you will quickly I won't fly a bit do my osh do my osh oho Now, the sound of marvellers Taking a dump. Oh! Oh! Baby, that's what's going to hurt. Oh, it's the size of she came on the old show. Oh, I can feel it spread like she's a part. It's just better if I use my limited center here and comes. Oh, baby in her. It's throwing down the intestine. The floor can roll the outlet. Oh, my gosh, there's a shot of the real Oh, no! There it is! Oh! Hey, let's eat out Italian tonight. No, let's eat Jamaican, man. Now you're both with the new Italian Jamaican West Droughts, Bonjour, Lega and you're the more you eat the hungry or you get. Try the Italian, Deli. Be sure to take a bite and let us and Jamaica sandwich. It's Bonjour, Lega and you're the most famous. Of the Marli Bama. And Bonjour, Lega and you're the fact only a big Curtis personalist, Mohk Holmits Wieser. And Montenegro, me Deliita. I'm going back to the smoke out. From pinstanks to winch strikes, you'll really love Bonjour, Lega and you. It doesn't matter what's on the menu. You'll want it all. A secret blame to fruble in places. Well, mostly here. Hey, doc, that's it. I'll join with Jamaica Ma. Come on. Come on. Well, about some new potatoes, because they got any fat. But now we're after I did in the Johnna set. I knew they had some sadistic for the father, take a chance. That right after I swallowed them, I felt my colon dance. And oh, let's go, my boundary gate just sees. I mean, the careless rotten with my pants around my knees. Hey, oh, let's go. Now I'm afraid to sneeze, because my face doesn't just go sting, running down my knees. Well, I should have seen that morning that they put on the bag. And I should have been suspicious when the court gave me your bag. So, if you wouldn't be surprised if you're barely heard. And then about an hour you'll have the electric course. A, oh, let's go, my balcony gate just sees. Now I'm in the careless rotten with my pants around my knees. Hey, oh, let's go. Now I'm afraid to sneeze, because I'm not feel something disgusting running down my knees. Hey, I'm gonna say after you know, at 5.6 to WC, I'm happy new year. Happy holidays. I'm sitting here enjoying my beautiful white huts. That, uh, Miguel went and brought in personal. A little port from Wayne Arnold. 280 votes on our poll so far. Should Neil bother with charity campaigns anymore. What do you think? Yes, 107. I don't give a shipment anymore, 60. And, uh, 13. So far. Well, they don't have to do anything. So what tell they carry, you know? That's what I've heard, eh? The car accept is on the rocks. In America, a car is stolen at 312 seconds. What can you do to protect your car? An expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen. The plot won't protect the valuables inside your car. But a big black guy named Ben Chan. You'd a word from the car, mother fucker. For less than you'd pay for an expensive car alarm system, and even less than you'd pay for the club, you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile. You'd a word from the car, mother fucker. It's simple to use. Just leave the big black guy named Ben your car whenever you get out. And he does the rest. Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car, Ben simply gets out of the car and tells that. You'd a word from the car, mother fucker. Listen to these testimonials from people who use a big black guy named Ben. It's always nice to have someone to ride with, although he really doesn't say much. You'd a word from the car, mother fucker. That's about it. I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with. It got him to protect my car. It's the best investment I've ever made. My name is it isn't that great. They have been a lot of car stuff. I can't tell you how many times I could. You'd a word from the car, mother fucker. Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car, let's do sleep better at that. Go now, 1-800-1 big guy. That's 1-800-1-B-I-G-G-U-I. And instead of hearing this. You'll hear this. You'd a word from the car, mother fucker. While spending the remainder of your golden years in the land of death. The one thing you have to depend on is your car. With two canoe thefts on the rise. The people who brought you a big black guy named Ben Caralarm. Now bring you and old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my supportive of the health. You think M.F. Remember when we used to force them back at Carabie in charge of that? If we ought to get a bundle of the nation maybe, wait what's your golden? Get away from my supportive of the health. You think M.F. What the hell is that? I have sex seriously. So, better than you like that. I take some of the dogs. Get away from my supportive of the health. You think M.F. Get away from my supportive of the health. You think M.F. Remember when some fast tries to steal my car? I steal sex with an old Jewish guy named Isaac. Get away from my supportive of the health. You think M.F. Get your old Jewish guy named Isaac Caralarm now. And receive a free flower antenna. Get away from my supportive of the health. You think it's fake M.F. And old Jewish guy named Isaac Caralarm. Now available, it all bears story. You've got a phone. And so, hear some woody act like you chinch on. And get some munchies and make brownies filled with gas. And woody share it with Jesus and the Saints. So, find his son, and yes. Yes, Father is great, and yes. Yes, Father is good, yes. Yes, yes, yes. What a God, Lord, can I find? Look inside my supportive of us. Give me high on the fact that I'm so bright. Give him a rose, give me soul. All right. I'm afraid I'm for school. To get some better, give him a role. So, you're all gone back to day. Oh. Most of the faith of my neonist rose. You're all gone and heaven with your soul. So, here's a great fact that just comes over to show you that no matter what you do, no matter how you feel at day, everybody should be having a good time, got a little smile on their posts. There's always some sour asshole out there in radio land. Like can you hear this? Somebody some jackass at Advenier Real Estate Management in Dave County. I just mentioned that in passing because it's on the top of the facts. ADVNIR, Advenier Real Estate. Two, whoever gives a crap at fact number so and so. You would think someone making $2 million a year, and working only seven months out of that year, might be able to get on the radio when he's supposedly working and say something. Okay, something like maybe do a show. Instead of playing those piece of schmitsound by it's got it's awful, but it's better than George. I'm signed. How do you like that? How do you like that? Some real sour push. I thought we were having a good show here today. I mean, that is good as yet today, and those great calls we had yesterday. Those retards and mull-ons out there, like probably the guy that wrote his facts. So, let's get rid of this pool we got on here. It's not growing anywhere anyhow. They don't care about the charity thing at all. Should the above of a charity campaign is any more $190,000. 100% yes, 67% I don't give a shmit 13% no. It's not growing anywhere. So, here's a better poll for today. About today's show. How should we word it? How do you like today's show? Because this is going to be out there little more more. Yeah, how would you rate today's show? Great. I love it. B. It's okay. C. Better than George. Just to piss him off because he's home drinking egg nog. Or D. It sucks. How's that? Over the choices again? Great. I love it. B. It's okay. C. Better than George. Or D. It sucks. There you go, Eric. New poll up. Yeah, these people have to have something to bitch and belly it. What about? Would you have thought that anybody aside from the fact they didn't get the free hockey to get you a side from that? What have anything to bitch about today? Oh, I wouldn't have thought so. God, I've played some stuff today that even I'm getting the chuck a lot because I haven't played it in the crew's age. But some jackass or would add the New real estate management in date County has got a bug up his ass. Yeah, maybe got a bad case of crams or something. What came after better than George? Better than D. It. No, or sucks is the last one. There's four choices. It's great. I love it. It's okay. C. Better than George or D. If sucks, I hate it. Or however, Eric wants to put it sucks. It blows. Stick it up your ass. Whatever negative because they have to have a negative. Because this town is never happy. Yeah, there they go. Another happy. And by the way, for my friend at Avenue, something. See that I said it again for my four million year. Between that guy, Josie Lambe, by the end of 2001, you can 60 million here, not bad. Not bad. You may be ex. You're hallucinogenic idiots. Anybody want some good egg nons? Oh, let's do the break. 24 pass, no, it's five, six, they're QOM. This is five, sixy, QOM. Listen, New Roger, so. This is your brain. Any questions? Well, this need that you're as present. A touching story of a little boy named James. Oh. Oh. Hmm. Oh. It's huge. Cisco and Ebert say it's a stiff. James Charlotte says somebody got this hair. James and the giant penis. I'm a star. It's James. Now showing it theaters everywhere. Oh. Oh. It's a girl's and my necker's a giant. Do you let the hour to give you a go? When he makes it way go, money goes, not the kind. You can do in the behind, but a cigar and her vagina. She's all mine. Where he don't know where a store he goes. I can see how there was some confusion between humans or an human horse. And then I can saw the term, see their box. Means saw her naked. Stars reportedly to go with lines. That's it. And he was working hard. Late nights in the ovary office. Working on a practical job. It took a massive noodle for the next floating. Loading for a mine. I go with the wall and drink the store. It's a girl's and my necker's a giant. She lets out a girl. Every time he makes it way go. My necker is not the kind. You can do in the behind, but a cigar and her vagina. She's all mine. Oh, people feel that he's been. Made a fool of by a husband. Feel that Hillary was wronged. A family in that room. She was mowing. Mowing now. Boring with two and her. With two bowls of bombs. Bill's a girl's and mine. A girl's vagina. She lets out a girl. Every pregnant time he makes it way go. My necker is not the kind. You can do in the behind, but a cigar and her vagina. She's all mine. Oh, can't you see me? Yes, I'm sorry. It's that girl. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I'm going to tell you. They are just, uh, I don't even know where we're for it. Only seven, seven votes under. So for really only six, because I had to vote to get to think going, I voted great. I love it. Joe would vote great. He loves it too, but he don't have a computer in there. Yeah. That's only one of his great. I love it. One says it sucks. Two, what's okay and three it's better than George? That's the initial sampling of our first half dozen inmates. Out there in radio land. Is that a pathetic or one? I guess maybe we ought to have for those great calls like we had yesterday. That should do it. Huh? On days like that when you walk out to the door and you wish that you never had to come and you're talking to these people again. Days like that, like yesterday. I think I really believe that we have a whole bunch of people listening to show who enjoy like what we had yesterday. Not just the idea to work calling, but the idea to listen to that. You agree? You think that's true? Without a doubt. Oh, Jesus, God. You'll have to be kidding me. Boy, they got the old man all riled up today. Oh, yeah. Who's the whip of an ass? Man, talk about lifeless. Billy, time for your animal. I'd squeeze mom, not another animal. Kids just hate getting animals. And mom's hate giving them. But now there's a friend who animate a kid just love. Introducing you, Eminemos. They can't be good at chocolate animat that makes getting cleaned out fun. Hey, mom, can I have another animal? I don't know, Billy, that makes your third animal today. Please, well, okay. Cool off. And this time, I want a green one. Oh, sorry, son. I took off the green one. I bad, my two boys. You and an animus. Melt in your butt. Not in your head. What's needed here badly? I know that was one. Like a ghost in the ocean. Strongly will not. And a pound on the show. Because I'm weak. Yeah, I know. Please, say it. I know that was one. Like a ghost in the ocean. Strongly will not. And a pound on the show. Because I'm weak. Yeah, I know. Please, say it. Hey, no. You're too keenly of me. Wow, baby. Fun is a cute. What's it called? It's just fun, it's a cute. You can show who we are. Who's that of you? If you blow me. Just one thing to do. Oh, baby. One thing to do. What's it called? Just one thing to do. You need it. I know. You can show me. Oh, baby. Just one thing to do. Okay, so what do you say, you're a six-year-old. Don't don't answer them. WQAM. Oh, yes. The old parody of that patch spot. It's the plan. Yeah. Can you play it? The pack spot. Yeah. The ATPH. Yeah. What did I just say? Yeah. Can you play it? You have it in there. Okay. You have it in there. Go ahead. One moment please. Okay. He's working on it. He's patching it up. Yeah. Yeah. What is it that you're doing? Or are you trying to find the cut? Finding the cut. Mm-hmm. Because there was no disconnect. And by the way, don't worry. I have to trade out pal. So it'll get all whipped up to a frenzy about it. Hey, Southwater. Time for. I didn't feel you the dollar-tudy economy. Get... No, I'm bad. And you can get... Oh, you got it. There we go. Oh, you got to do it. They close attention to this poorly written copy. That's part of the fun. See, you're out of a whip differently trying to say and get... That's right. Come and ride here in Southwater. What a futsin, or whatever. And it is now. I'm sure that the do-wist fed-ag. With good things, you'll get... Oh, that's nice. And he's brilliant of dollar-tudy economy. And you know what that means? Well, our empty stadium. Once you know that you're, it must be about some kind of weird fut thing. For so many of the dumbest that Junk and Sporthouse can understand what we're talking about. That's... it's the... That's... On right, do something now. And go wherever it is because it's the... That's... Okay, it is. There you go. Nobody's a QOM. Hey, there are only things I missed the other day with the police got my Pock to the tuna police, not the dot. Yeah. I played it for the time of this week. All the 80? Yeah. Damn, I missed it. Okay, sorry. Sorry, but at least, you know, he, at least he said, dammit or something like that. He was no better shape and got a bow as brains out of a stockbroker's either. I might even play it again just because I'm in such a good mood here and for me. It took great, two-grade Americans in a row. How do you like that? I think. Sure, I press my lock. WQOM. Yeah, can we have a two-hank go broke sounds? What is it? The two are the hanko broke. Clonic, chronic ash or right there. WQOM. How old, chronic Patrick? Yes. It's fatherly. Yeah. Five. Good one. Is it kind of a Patrick's still alive? No, I don't think so. I don't think he's, I think he sleeps with a friscious conrad Patrick. What about Dick's fatherly? He's an old young prolocutor. Yeah, we know that. WQOM. Joe. What is it? Oh, Joe, right? Yeah, Joe. Yeah, I mean, Neil says he's in a good mood, but they're going to back to hell out of me. Yeah, probably. He don't like them bloody rich. Yeah, that's just a bunch of queens. Sweet queens. Do you think I can't stop the law? Do you think I get away with a request? You know, way with it? Yeah. Oh, I don't know, maybe. Oh, do you think he can be help? Well, I don't care. Why do you like it? What did you want on action? Pardon? Yeah. I can get it. Oh, I lost it. Okay. I'm not seen skinned. Okay, here's a British call on six, hello. Hello. Hello. I'm actually a hell out of me. I got crooked teeth. I'm always drunk. Yeah. And loud and up noxious. Yeah. Oh, that's right. Then you must be British, right? Yes. I don't think they probably gay. Well, that's synonymous. Is it the British? Well, a little swishy anyway. Well, maybe I still like you. Do you have a thing for Prince William? No, I do not. Good. He's ugly and has buck teeth in big ears. But anyway. Anyway, I was wondering if I had the British beard power. The British spears. Yeah, it's been a while. Which one is that? It's the one with a buck hanging out of pants. Okay. Thanks, Neil. To the loo. You're my best friend. To teens. Bye. Tata. I don't think so. And you know something. What is the name of that other one? I'm not sure which one he's talking about. I'll play all three of them. Because we find that. I finally did make George put that in here after about two years. See, we had a lot more stuff in the DCS. Except for the fact that the intern that we used to have, what was your name? Shannon. Shannon. Except for the fact that she was here to be doing stuff like that. But what I wasn't here when I'd leave a tour clock every day. And Shannon and George would be generally a he had to do an errands that involved being down there on a floor on her knees by the cabinet over there. And had very little to do with putting anything in the computer here. Yeah. I see your life. But it's a nervous life because you know what I'm saying is true. Absolutely. I know nothing. Just like what I said before about how there's never been anybody in a skirt or a dress that George wouldn't go up and hug, wildly and hysterically and enthusiastically. Even if it wasn't necessarily a woman. If that is skirt or a dress on it, he's going to squeeze it in the hunger for all he could get out of it. I think the word we're looking for there is desperate. So what that per one here? This is 560. You AF. This isn't your mother's ring or name. This is a **** rock. For 3.0560. You A.F. How young is too young? You're a little bit too young. You're a little bit too young. You're a little bit too young. You're a little bit too young. You're a little bit too young. You're a little bit too young. You're a little bit too young. You're a little bit too young. You're a little bit too young. You're a little bit too young. You're a little bit too young. You're a little bit too young. You're a little bit too young. You're a little bit too young. You're a little bit too young. You're like a snack, do you think anyone's in the hospital? I am a little bit too young. Why do you know? One million. This isn't your boy's ring. You're a little bit too young. You're a kind with knowledge you're just an officer. You just ten thousand years old. You're quite curious about your picture. You've lived with love for a hundred years. As long as you're playing. Your words, prefectures, what about you? To be www.guir×•×›orn.com No, you too no longer can work without the Chinese extract I don't know who gained that story. You're talking about that. He's the absolute worst. He's a noxious. He's an asshole. He's uh man. What was he doing in the middle of his show? Frank from the sales department that knows he doesn't belong anywhere while his show is going on? What was he doing? We're going to steal some more cigarettes since he knows they brought us on the other day personal that our friend George had to come up here from Nick's one of our listeners and bring us to Garus. What was he bugging him about? He had some news for me about the way. He has a lot of cuts about. About one. The sponsor of my show. What the hell doesn't have to do with this show? I have no idea. Well Tom would talk to you after two o'clock. If he had to talk to you at all, I told him. He's a cram. Man, talk about nervous. He this is a guy who has thrown all of our stuff. Not just this to Garus, but there was like a special cutter. They sent up for George every single thing they ever gave and that he ate appropriated for himself. And they he'd have like pointed on it. One of our finest sponsors, one of the some of the nicest people he'd ever want to know. And this sort of a bitch and he's got the girl coming there. Fuck that fat in the middle of his show because he's a lion. And he fits in ourselves department like a glove. Anyway, here's a fact from Jack. You all believe this. I can't believe it. What was the name of the song you played just a few minutes ago, another day, another night in who sings in a very catchy tune. Somebody actually liked that song by A1 who are four young guys from England. It's called same. What is it? Same old brand new you. And you don't have to worry about going on buying it because you can't get it anyway. It's a European thing. That British. It's number one in England. Four young guys, two of whom look pretty an end good if you ask me, but you know, who cares? Certainly better than the people talk about best of shows. This is real world. You ask me what I've been watching here all day for lack of anything better. Real world on MTV. It's been on there. I've been watching for almost three hours. There isn't then one person on there of either gender that you are. I would touch with the somebody else's hand. And this is the best of real world. They just don't get it. Where is 7th heaven again? Where the hell is my show? 7th heaven. Okay, we're taking some of these calls here because they don't send me the one to hear this crap. WQAM. I could just tell you all of the good stuff. Got the one boy story. A good one. I'm friends with Scott the one boy. Yeah, I got a good story pump. Yeah, go ahead. You're on. Hey, I'm my friends with Scott. Yeah, before you went away, I told you about if you was getting married in June, I think. Yeah, did he ever come back because my yard is a mess. Come on, Scott get whether you lazy bastard. Yeah, he doesn't walk anymore. Oh, really? Yeah, he's a, uh, a thought thing reporter. What does that mean? Well, drives around the truck. What does that mean? Yeah. I went to the wedding in June. You got married in the capital church down here in Bokeh. I got good and those up for the wedding. So I'm sitting there with my wife and the priest comes out and the priest has over the uh, the priest has the lift. My bed he likes Scott. Yeah. My bed he was one of his favorites. It was a lot of his favorites and one of my favorite songs, uh, the one gentleman who stood up and sang, I gave Maria and I always wrote a few and two and three all. It was just a little too much. You never thought every time you call you, I'll be Maria, I just think of you and another priest I was thinking maybe the priest would was singing himself to him. Like maybe you want to let me wear your ringer about my thing around your ring or however that goes. Yeah, yeah, everything like that. But I was not that thought had to ring around the thing. He had to ring around the thingy. Yeah. I'm not getting anything. But Scott, but Scott was looking very good at that. I just want to let you know. Okay, thanks. Thanks for the night. You made my day. That's my a long guy Scott, my lawn and he's never laid the long guys. He's got to put to those pans. He's once you if I give or get a hold of them. And he's right. Here's him on a work. This is a guy. You can't get a hold of him for a long or money or anything. That's a good job if you can ever get a hold of it. WQAM. Hey, God, how's it? Okay. Hey, listen, how about a gym manager to keep saying? I pay a 50 bucks for one. Okay, it's a good idea. Because you can't rip that off right. All right. Oh, yeah. How about a whole bunch of matters for me? Okay. Thanks. Have a great day. God. See, what are such a good move on a phone today? If I notice, I might have taken a few calls, but I sure doubt it. Don't you think? Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. I want to bang on the butt. Yeah, somebody should be good on the key chain like I want to bang on the butt. Can you make a walk it up behind somebody and play in that or oh my God, we're breathed for a beautiful. Hey, yeah. And tie up. Oh, where the hell is it? So I just got off. Stuck and can't get off. Where the hell is that managed? Don't be in here by the way, too. Come on briefly. Reefly 12345. We got an event coming up this afternoon. Anybody who didn't like this show today, you're a risk that this show was back on here. Once you hear the Miami Hurricanes and the Lee High Mountain Hawks Back to Boygame. Wow. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You're so big. Yeah. Those are big red on the key chain. I think we just got a great deal. If I maybe we could have like a, how about you live in kind of key chains? Hank Oberkichane. Yeah. Hey, stupid. Why? Or maybe how about a Joe Rose key chain? Wouldn't be too bad. If I could find any of this stuff on here. I'd rub the butcher out now. Yeah. Or go fuck you behind go back behind it again or under it or he is one good looking guy. Yeah. Grab the wood. I like the weepy. Yeah, that would be big on Joe's key chain. You can kiss my whoo ran. I think this guy just made us about 100 grand for next year's fundraiser. Thank you, sir. Some red. I took the old pull off of there because, um, yeah, not gonna work on Scott's pull. I mean, this guy's pull. Look at those phones smoking. They see today. I just, I would like with a stock market. I zig when I should zag it. I market still a good idea. Turn it out for just a second. I don't want to stay there too long because it's bad luck. Let me know if I should fire up the call screening machine. No. Why would you want to do this? I don't want to. Because then you get all the comics on there. Like that, Mr. Do also called Hank at 20 after two years that he was already faxed me this morning. But one of the old mention on the year anymore. They on mention of a misfit. Really poorly turned burger from the hockey games. WQA. You're missing on the year anymore. Hey, how's it going, Joe? All right. What did I see if you could pull your version of butterfly kisses? I would just make my whole life. Would that do it for you? That thing's so new. You got it. Thank you. Have a happy. I think it's daddy's daddy. You sucky? I'm sure. I'm pretty yet. There's two things on the wall. She'll be dead. I think mommy's on the wall. She was dead here for heaven. And she's daddy's little girl. I want back home in my tent. I got for all of the time. I think mommy's on the wall. butterfly kisses. It's time, Chris. It's too little white flowers all in the internet. Nice and damn little these years. Oh, at home that I have to roll. Come on, so don't come in. I'm glad you're going to die. To deserve all of the good people. But if I could see that night. Daddy's not here. I'm dropping out of place. I'm dropping out of place. Daddy, I'm pregnant. One part, one. The other part. I don't know who the father is. I'm in the middle. From ribbon band, chair. That's the turn, kick. I drove the climb to a tree. Can you just send me some cigarettes? Can you just send me some cigarettes? butterfly kisses. I can't help on a toast for the brightening world. You changed your name today. Dad, I'm getting married again. You make a promise. And I'll give her away. Dad, that's my ass. Standing in the bright room. Just staring. I think I have to pull it. Ask me what I'm thinking. And I said, I'm not sure. No, I've got to let it go. But I'll always give a hug. Hey, pop. We're moving in. Look at the more. And butterfly kisses. Dad, ask me, I'm a lesbian. It started out a regular guy who joined the electric race. And made me ultimate sacrifice in embracing celebrity puzzle tools. Hey, man. I'm a woman who's a... I'm a woman who's a... I'm a lesbian. I've time with my his earthly knee. Come, bring my his joy. It bound away to get really by altering young boys. Father who too. Hey, man. I'm a woman who's a... I'm a woman who's a man who's a lesbian. He was happy and gay, till he got close. And there was some saddle tell. Then the Vatican said, every one of them. He didn't have to go this year. Father who too. Hey, man. I'm a woman who... I'm a woman. I'm a woman who's a lesbian. They sent him to a three-three-squared, a genuine, black-dent-ray. It was you, or it was me. They'd lock this up and throw the keys away. Father, go through. And then... Only two... Come on, come on. Father, go through. All today, go through. Father, go through. Amen! Father, go through. Father, go through. Yeah, not some pretty good idea for the other people in the station to participate in our fundraiser. They don't even have to do anything. They just let us divorcees on the keychain, right? Let's see. We can have one for Hank, where he would say, Are you... Hey, stupid! Where if I can find the damn thing? Come on, Hank. You can do it, sweetheart. Where do I look? Where is he? That was... This is my third tri-foces. Yeah. Or he could say... I just don't have the time. That's incredible to me. There's so much spurious stuff under where he's not saying anything in the DCN. As opposed to the Mad Dog or the Joe Rose ones, where he just grabbed the wood. One after the other, like... I like the weebe. Oh, why? Or that. Anyway, here's one that says, I love the format you have this in that which I already played Father O'Toole. And I will play Virgin Mary and God bless you, sir. See, there's some happy people out there. It's just that one jackass who kind of threw me off there. That piece of turd. What about this one? What the f*** is that? Yeah. Nice job on that to the first time, by the way. George said it was okay. Yeah, George Wood said it's okay. He still doesn't even get the egg nog. Anyway, 62 votes, how would you like today's show? 21 great, I love it. 19, it's better than George, which must be saying a lot because they liked George, especially that the Middle East show. It's okay, 13, and 9 say it sucks. How do you like that? The I'm... Lifeless Festions, but there's still listening. This is 560 QAL. 430, 560. WDQAF has a report-logger-dale of measly broadcast group station. WDQAM.com, or the word... Oh, bro, it's the one to two hours. Oh, we're in Paris. Oh, we're in Paris. Now the pork depends on you. And the power you've got is... ...in your name, his life. He's like, his life. He's got a job on your tissue. He's got a job on your tissue. And the bread... You're in Paris. You have a brand new style too. We love the way you fuck or do. WDQAM, with the big deal on your chest. And the group is like this. What's that mean going to feel our own friends? F***ing Paris! Oh, yeah, I got a job. We're in Paris. We're in Paris. WDQAM, with the speed of what's this sound. And the fact that you're a few hells. WDQAM, with the filming for QAL, my H Kosten Hero... WDQAM?! 50. It's always on my Healing Bee. Got it. 10. 50? 50. and it seemed the only reason I put this thing about it's better than Georgia and there was because it was in that facts, you know, a little sarcasticly. But I noticed that a lot of people go out of their way to give him a shot. Have you noticed that? And he's always saying that they hate me like poison. I'm beginning to believe that they may have a point. Now what is it that you think that they hate about them? It's because he's a spick. Is that a little Cuban or... They're jealous of him. Paul, I think not. And pre-meals is that another thing. There's jealous of what? Of his closest association with our Goldstein? That. Yeah, other things. Now, I'm really curious about that. What is it? Is it the topics that they know like, like, the course you're responsible probably for most of them? Like eating ass? Absolutely not. And what was the other one that he did about five weeks on about anal sex, which we already driven in the ground, if you've part in that expression, the only one I was responsible for was underage girls giving blow jobs. Yeah. Which was you responsible for that? Well, probably a lot of guys are happy to hear that. You're welcome back. Yeah. Under... Under all, well, I had to do the thing I was talking about the other day. The fact that they did that survey in the kids today, and we can thank Baba for this. Most of these kids today, or at least a very large percentage of them, no consider all sorts, to be having sex. That was our topic. And so there's this epidemic of young girls who are like giving blow jobs in a day, and they don't consider that to be having sex. Which I guess would be fine, except for the fact that there's a lot of disease being spread. And if you're a doctor, lots of disease, although we do have that basket full of economists. I always go to have an extra kind of in your basket, just in case of the emergency and lotions. Right. Loosen's in potions. In fact, I kind of wonder who the whole brought that always the people from plant parenthood who brought that in. You weren't here that day. And I said, what's that you got with you, that creature? It works the lotion in the basket. Is what you said, yeah, he did it. There's the basket sitting right there, which I don't know, she's emptying out very rapidly. So maybe Miguel or somebody around here, it sure is Robert Creeper. I'll tell you that, let's he's blowing up bubbles, balloons. It sure isn't that twerper that quizzling. Anyway, so we'll find out what it is about George, those disgusting topics or the fact that, I mean, why else could it be? Are you suggesting another poll question? No, no, no, no, no. I mean, just since we're taking a few calls, yeah, let's change the poll every 15 minutes. I don't like this one anyway. I'm stupid. There, jealous. You want to take an, okay, let's take the poll. We're going to change the air, I'm going to have it to respect that. Hey, listen, you got nothing else going on anyway, they're in holidays. They'll keep you from eating fat, so you could save it for tomorrow. No, I'll come up with a whole bunch of different ones. I do good, Paul, you got to admit that. Yes, I do sensational poll. In fact, Scott's a long man, if you want to show up again, I'll be happy to show you. First hand, he probably don't look that good anymore anyway. I think you think that if you're in that business in your landscaping business, you have regular customers, which he's been doing my house right around how many years, now at least six, seven years, at least. When you think that like every year, you send a card or make it like the dentist does, like anybody does. And then make it appointment for like it's that time of the year again, I can't come and put the panties in. Oh, whatever they're going to do, you know, just go ahead and I don't need to be there. He leaves a bill on the mailbox. I sent out a check as soon as I get home that day. He gets to the next day. It's a painter's transaction. Scott, trust me. But he just, every year, it's the same thing. I think he likes being chased. That's what an ED. He loves it. Good Catholic board that he is. He likes having the guys chase him around. So what the hell was I saying? The new poll is, now I know you're responsible for this. You're always saying, oh, George, I put you up to all this stuff. You're responsible for this. Here he's on vacation. He's in town. Anybody else that needs any egg nags? He's in town. So don't worry about that. I was defending him. So yes, I am responsible for this. If any him for what? Defend you said, why do they? Why did they? No, you're the one that said he comes up with all the gross topics like ED and you said that. Well, I said, who came up with that topic? ED and asked? Yeah, he did. Oh, sounds to me like you just said that. Look, he's still going to give you the egg nags for nothing. So what are you worrying about? I mean, of course. Friend that you are George. Oh. What a shame. Why don't you probably know where to get better stuff? Anyway, here's the new poll. The new poll is who's got the best egg nags in town? Now, here's the new poll. Why do you think? Now, this is we're not asking you per se. But why do you think so many people dislike George? Is that a good way to put it? Sure. First, you're always because they're jealous. That's your suggestion. Maybe because he's Cuban, say because they hate his topics or because they think he sucks. Huh? How is that? Does that cover the whole gamut? Well, sucks is, meaning sucks is a top show host or in general. As a top show host. Okay. So we've making more specific because they think he sucks on the air. Huh? Yeah. I didn't think we needed to spell it out. Isn't that the same as hate topics? You could have great topics, but you suck on the air. Why? Hate topics and sucks on the air is almost the same thing. No, it is not. If he could have great topics, they might like his topics. They just don't think he belongs on the air. Don't you get the message? I do get the message. Okay. Now, what the hell are the choices again? Before Eric, it's all confused and he's screwed up this poll. jealousy. jealousy? Jell is saying Cuban because he's Cuban. Hate the top. Because they hate his topics or they think he sucks on the air. That's for a good topics. If you want to be honest, choose to take good shots of your good friend George while he's a well-invocation. And you know he is listening. Even though he'll deny it.moØ­ It''''å¤‰,ate on Gonzalez! Why the hell don't you pull up? Break up all of that, who I miss? You're going to be a little bit more You're going to be a little bit more You're going to be a little bit more You're going to be a little bit more You're going to be a little bit more You're going to be a little bit more You're going to be a little bit more You're going to be a little bit more You're going to be a little bit more You're going to be a little bit more You're going to be a little bit more You're going to be a little bit more You're going to be a little bit more You're going to be a little bit more You're going to be more more You'll be a little bit more more You'll be a little bit more more I don't want to go back I like shopping for free toys Better You got your poppy love You sure? Thank you And you're making aure You got your poppy How's parts acting? So they can't do that in here! We have that good point where we can stand it. Everybody's out of the door. Above all the rules of the trackers. The group would just be far enough. Hey hey hey young girl. Why don't go home? Hey hey young girl. Don't hold me free. Everybody, let's see. Look, they're giving away free a teenage green card. Can I have one? Hey me time, my child. My life is worse, my child. The sky has been looking around. When it's too late, my world. You can't recognize me. You can't recognize me. You can't recognize me. My God, do you have to reach out my happiness. And I keep children around. And they sleep inside my bed. He's on safe and I am gay. That is why I'm married to this company. It's way too late to come and say. With this song. Don't treat me that. I am gay. Layed it on my child. I am so sorry that I never had. You leave me like so in my life. What might fall and I'll be your sister. I'll give you more your charge me And call me free Let me find and turn And stay I believe it on my side I'm sorry Funding for this program is provided by the Corporation for Public Broadcast And by public telemetallic stations and their contributors Hey, sir, have you seen my rubber duckies? I thought I'd put it out You know I always take a bath with my rubber duckies? What if I suppose it's due now? This is your deal, though. This is for bedtime. Best time? Oh, how to do it until we can get you another rubber duckie! What purpose? Just take your back, lady Hmm, it's not going to be the same without my rubber duckie Well, not perfect This could be ten of the time That's right. It's a good idea. It's a good idea. It's a good idea. It's a good idea. It's a good idea. It's a good idea. It's a good idea. It's a good idea. It's a good idea. It's a good idea. It's a good idea. It's a good idea. It's a good idea. Our big country calls our friends. Ryoper Zikkei live 24lb. will always be good. Our bigger country calls our friend. For a big history, I am like a bomber you can. How can our connection be so good to be increases if there is more ê³„ì†? The gayer has not contacted anÐ°Ð¹ro from Ksho over Tokyo for property taxis guidelines and domestic currencies. It's hard to recall BBC, experience, Christmas, the NYBB blue way. But naked and wrong. Sylvia, I'm fucking home. Whoops! The naked! And the I'm so fucking glad to see you. I have a fucking surprise. Of course you fucking naked. Not that. It's all there. Oh, you got me a fucking Christmas present. That's so fucking sweet. Thank you, shit. It whole big ass, whole bag and fucking fucking motherfucking pooper head. My pleasure. Hey, let's fuck. I better remove my holster. It's Rajee Sun for everyone. NYBB blue. The Christmas special. Tonight, right after Luther Campbell's Christmas Carol on ABC. This is a palace. Police got my turn. Police got my turn. Police got my turn. Poison I had quite a lot. But that's all right with me. Cause it was greatly better, why. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. It's fucking all of my mind. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I'm smoking all of my bath. Police got my turn. Police got my turn. Police got my turn. They come to skate it all I got. Police got my turn. Police got my turn. Police got my turn. They come to skate it all. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. I want to wish them a Merry Christmas. Okay, you all have my power Oh, that's a nice night You need to keep him with both of us Think this brand's gonna work This guy is really a joke He's been... What's this guy? Oh, look at him Get out of here When you're feeling your same Read me a go Who's in your sight? Who's saying Maybe the spot, why does that happen Who's saying Oh, what's this guy? Oh, what's this guy? Oh, what's this guy? Oh, what's this guy? Oh, what's this guy? Oh, what's this guy? Don't you show him around God, it's a great product He ever knows He's saying Now he's just me He's just me Because then everyone's blue Who's in sight He's just minute Spl ëŒ€ Faking at the lake Chill on the attractions Raise your side Knees us faster Like this crowd Or the night Who's saying What's this guy? Whatever He's just me I'm who's saying You say you're the one who's been waiting for me. You say you're the one who's been waiting for me. On the Gilgonson's father of Illy. Beats with his attorney. In preparation to take his son back to Cuba. Well, Mr. Gownzao, I used to have was your trip. Very good, Gossas. Do you have any questions before we go any further? CCC, these box with the pictures. It's incredible. What is this? Oh, that's a television. Oh, it's a... Let me see. What does... Why does that mean? If I don't make... Why does that mean? Well, it means what's up? Like what's going on? Why does that mean? Right, it's a greeting. Why does that mean? I know that you're uncomfortable being here. This is a very difficult time for you. Hmm. What is it? Oh, this pizza... Stuffed crust pizza. Incredible. How do they get the mozzarella cheese into the crust? I'm not sure. So as I was saying... Yeah. As I was saying, we will try to make your stay here. This cooked-able is possible and gets you home as quickly as possible. Bye-bye! Are you going somewhere, sir? No, I'm listening to the new CD by the boy band InSync with my new Sony Discman. It's incredible. Yes, Mr. Donzall, I say, I quite... Incredible, but we'll be meeting with the... Just an innovation again for two years. You must say, me, but it's no lie. Bye-bye! Oh, God, sir. Don't you want to get this over and get back to Cuba? Why do you love go? I love it! It's like 300 channels on cable and I can watch all the Yankee games. What's... Mr. Donzall, you? What is it, Mr. Gonzales? Yeah. See, this polls are all your fault because you wouldn't want to like, embellish it. It's right on the tape when you were going to like get in curated way. Why do you think so many people dislike George? Is if that wasn't good enough and then so much. Why don't you just say, why the... The poor should have been if he wouldn't wanted it the way you wanted. Why do you think so many people hate George like poison? That would have been the way you would have ordered it. I didn't say that. Why did he came close just like him so much? Well, here we only have 13 votes or a file, but we're just getting going. Because they hate his topics five because he sucks any year for, because they're jealous of him three because he's Cuban, so lament they own all. That was your vote? No, I'm not telling you what I voted. We got those to which one it was. I would say because he's Cuban. No, the the audience hate Miguel? Oh, they love Miguel. Well, he's Cuban. This is five sixty. You a yeah. A young man wants what the poor fucker caught the mishapoa. If your Jun's Bay doesn't do it's great, your kids don't brush long enough, which could lead to ugly tartar build up. The solution? Regular checkups and rushing with new crafts. The tighter control tooth-based length of crack cocaine. Hey, giant almost got in there. Washington got a question. Crust is not only clinically proven, it's also highly addictive. See your kids will brush and brush and brush and brush and brush. Come on, really? It's been 45 minutes. Fuck you. Fuck you. If you're not jippling, you're going to wear those teeth down to little nebbin. Oh, god, no! Run, don't. I'm almost out of breath. Fuck your kids and I help you have it for life. Brushing with new crafts with crack cocaine. Sure, I'm going to be late for work now, but it's good to see Billy brushing. Get out of the manner, this is a card jacking. Billy, what are you doing? Hey, sit out. Billy, what are you doing? Got it, all the grain in the craft. New crafts toothpaste. Length with crack cocaine. Recommended by knowing out of pan drug addict. When the chocolate get too cashier in line, I'm so tiny and old back all the day, but it's time. Where is my black huge shoe for the things to apply? Parting in line. Parting in line. Parting in line. Parting in line. Parting in line. Parting in line. Parting in line. Parting in line. Parting in line. Rising out of your balls. Parting in line. It's starting now. Parting in line. Parting in line. Parting in line. Righting out of the jacking. As you can see, it is all done. But they won't accept checks from the bank to Pompeii. So she hours her change for his work days are too pleasant. While parting in love. parting in love. Starting in love. Starting in love. End of a lifetime. I don't take much money from time. Will punish her. When at six for a lifetime. I'm fine.... Partly in love, I'm tantamor! Starting in love. Starting now. Starting with time, I am consumed. I'm obsessed and obsessed and screwed andåŠ  Southern's. twenty eight fifty five fifty wm has that the third puller that this is the first time ever took three in one day and we're not done yet. Why do you think so many people dislike George so much. Hate him like. Playson. Because he sucks on a year 18 because they're jealous of him 15. Well that's not bad they want all those pounds. Because they hate his topics 11 and because he's Cuban safe six I'm going to surprise that that. He was the logic in that if they all love Miguel and he's Cuban wise that somebody of them dislike George and he's Cuban. Maybe he just don't look like Miguel maybe that's part of the problem. WQAN. Hey hey doing pretty good. I wanted to make a request for the you know these old child clips that he's got. Yeah. Gay little Indian in the cupboard. Engine in the cupboard. Yeah. Haven't heard that in the you know Coobson. Okay thank you very much. You bad bye. Okay what do you want Joe? What does that called? There's Indian in the blender. I think it's called Gany Indian. Gany Indian in the cupboard? Yeah you have to be shimit in me huh? You mean I forgot that? Hello. Open my cupboard? Wow. OK. May be You little boy? Williamkin in the cupboard. Where are you, Williamkin? Oh, no! Oh, no! Hey, how did you get my pants? Hey, Williamkin in the cupboard. Clutch, John. Can we get some shelf paper in here? You know, like a magetra? Yeah, what's in here? Can we shut that crap off? It's just one of us getting her lots of friends. Just a! Yeah! What the hell! You know, here's a great facts. From Joseph, thank you, Joseph. From a Margate who says, what's wrong with leaving the key chains for sale on the website all the time, you can update the voices every two or three months. Planned pair to appreciate the money coming in all year long and picking for the holidays. Great show today. And I like George when you're gone the tapes suck. The best to see there's somebody like George here and I like poison. It's better what you said. But that's a good idea. Why couldn't we do that? All that's right, because it creates a problem because then we have to have the front money to make up more new key chains. And then we get back to that same argument because George is the hardest about it. Hey pal, hit a hand with that! No! No! Ouch! Next time you go shopping, go to Scrotems. Where everything comes in its own protective stack. For one without shopping, you got the call. Right, and then get out the box. For the store then be in high heat. And make it a safe and a safe life here in Scrotems. Everything you want at a price that's low. Looking for furniture? Don't shop seamings. Come to the source. Thinking of buying a new car, all models sold at Scrotems come with a driver's side double airbag. When it's cold outside, prices shrink at Scrotems. So come in now for our winter sale and receive a free Scrotems coffee mug that rests comfortably on any chin. You'd have to be nuts to shop anywhere else. Just that hairy balls, our proud owner. That's right, hairy balls here. Hey, we've got it all at Scrotems. Have you ever dated an Italian girl when a must-ashe stick is rally-fingers? Then pick up all the lady runnings in must-ashe beard trimmer. Just that Mrs. Balls. That's right honey. I look like the best in cabins till I got the lady runnings in Scrotems. Now my face is smooth and squished in. Scrotems. We're never blue when we satisfy you. So Eric calls up George to see if he was listening. Nice touch there, Eric. You fat slob. Well, what the hell do they do that for? So now I have turned on the radio and you'll think that we're going out of our way. I'm going out of my way to remove my idea. It was not. Especially the wording of it. Especially when you got all the fenture about how it was definitely his idea about doing six weeks on eating ass. How's that pork coming so far since you are just flipped on a radio? Why do you think so many people dislike George so much? Well, he won't mind that because he's the one that's always saying that they hate me like poison. He's always saying, I said, no they don't. Yeah, they hate me. He's insisting on that. And I say, okay, well, I'm not going to argue with any more that hate you like poison. Because he sucks on the earth 30 because they're jealous of him 20 because the hate is topics 14 because he's Cuban nine. Let me say it again because he's Cuban. Yeah, yeah. And what do we think of that so far? Mr. Thank you all. He's going to win in me in the end. There's jealousy. He's got a hot wife. He's got a nice house. He's got a family. How do you know what his wife looks like? You know what his wife looks like? I know what his wife looks like. But how does the audience know what his wife looks like? Photos on the internet page. And George talks about it all the time. I still has naked photos on the internet page. They're not naked. Oh, her tongue is out. Yeah, while we've been putting naked pictures on it, 24. 22 tilt over his wife. It is 22 tilt to it. 5.50 Q.A.M. Why are you airing? Shut up like this. Hi. I'm Aaron Sauer. Do you know what you got me talking on the page in the phone? Tony is a story about how you got flown. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh. I'll tell you once more before I came up the phone. I got you down. The lines are jammed up. Yeah, there isn't a doubt. Call up and tell me what it's all about. I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh. I'll tell you once more before I came up the phone. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. I got you down. Are you sure? Here on the show there's a new topic each night. Don't you have a sex with with a blacker for the right? I got you down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Holy cow. Oh, oh, oh. I'll tell you once more before I came up the phone. I got you down. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Get me a stick to foreign aeroplane. Stop who get on the wheel of watching games. I just got to win spins of me again. Oh, Bena. Big meal a little bankrupt. What do you mean bankrupt? I don't feel how much money I got to spend. Can't sense a load of sympathetic acted in. We'll throw in the time we'll steal the ride by our own. I was over and I picked me a letter. Hey man, what do you mean there's no infant ball? When I picked me a letter, no one does it. I mean better. I dream of all two. Hey, man, I said an all over Santa. Why? Then I don't understand why you make a hundred grand. Not for me to say. Anyway, get me a ticket for a never plan. Gonna be on the Wheel of Fortune Games. I just have to win the Wheel of Gens. Oh, well, yo you better bick me a letter. Oh man, oh, whang your door! Oh hi! Hey, get out of my face, back. You have to wait. Hey, there you go in that word. It's a lower letter. For those of you who did beat me, it's a better letter but not the answer. You're wiggleful by a DJ. Yongeacoblite. On g ÑÑ„Ñ„ku, you need a V. peacock. All right, I'm on the Wheel of Fortune Games. I just just love that sound. I mean, the ë³´ë©´'s round. Hey man, I'm aeggni Big meal, letters, loads of turns! Take back those did and a big meal, letters, no one does it, any better, I dream of all you all right, that is all over the end. And then I don't need to dare buy wearing underwear, not for me to pay. Anyway, I don't care how much money I got to spend. Can't stand to look, get past it, jack again. We'll throw in the towel, steal my buy of ours. Oh, Ranga, pick me a letter, pick me a letter. All right, I'm ready to pick, baby, every 50 years, get together, I know if you're on a team with WXP. Thank you, Club Raman. All right, I'll take the silver on the blender, I can make the way, the refrigerator, and I'm manned by what you mean, five hundred dollars for a black and white five and four to forty-be sets. You got this drop, man. My brother will not forget to be a host, too. Give me the money and I'll buy the team with that man, all right. I can buy the ball on my baby. And now here's Gimmy Dean, founder of Gimmy Dean Forks' on-sits with a few words about new Gimmy Dean's bagel sandwiches. Hello, I'm Gimmy Dean. You know, I still want to draw me a 25 years ago that I'd be making bagels, I'd have said, huh? That's due food, isn't it? But times have changed, and I guess I've got to change with them. But I don't have to like it. You people want your bagels, I'll give you your bagels. With a big old grease, it's slab, a Timmy Dean forks' sausage, y'all. New Timmy Dean, non-coacher bagels sandwiches. If you're due, it's you can buy them. You just can't eat them. New Timmy Dean, bagel sandwiches. There's a little bit of big and everybody. She can get our money and do what you like. She can do you and high heels with safe face fights. You'd like her to do what she had underneath. Spank her butt like a child, because she's always the crocker-old, I mean. Oh, right. Under covers will stop, if it's your motor, you can start. To make it look a little too messed up, heart or your visa. She'll call up your wife if you can't pay her fee. She'll blackmail, get blind, but she's always the call girls of me. Oh, I'll tell you got the cash. She will make it you want. You'll be the same, tonight. Oh, let's deal with the cash. When you only want in, but she's watching the time. She can kill all of your sons with candid affection. If it's the same time, you might hold any action. While your front face and tabloids you run her shopping, you'll freeze. Level her first fat to her, but that's their vital cause, girl. 149.5.6.5.5.2.2.2.2.2. You've had it. You're on for hang the crew but please lay on for sure. We've got some heavy duty clapped color to long later on. We've got 35 to hurt cool warm-up and 4-clog the heraclons and the Lehigh Mountain Hawk. Thank you, Paul baby. I guess what P's Lee is right now, if you rush. Eight bucks. Call of a bargain man. This is 560.2 AM. 430.560. WKOM. WKOM. Thank you. Are you tired of that neighborhood bully? Yes. I'm so much money. I shut up kid and tell him I want to hold a male next time. Next time, fight back. But he's feeling in me. No, no, no. Just tell mom next time she hits the candy aisle at the grocery store. Pick up a pack of new shukk at candy bars. Shukk? Yes, it's a new candy bar. Beater entirely from recycled cow dung. Garen tea to turn your stomach. So next time, all right, kid, give me a lunch. No, no. Please don't take it. Just shut up and hand it over. Okay, here you go. But whatever you do, please don't eat my candy bar. Hey, whoops. Oh, this tastes like shukk. So you want my lunch tomorrow too? We have lunch. You got a little lunch. When you take a bite of that shukk at bar. Out medicine. So quickly to come down for adding some of the greatest names and show business, it's proud as a pigeon to introduce the gay community to a very special fellow in fact, he's a real doll. If gay can, just pull his string and he'll make you sing. Then me over at a huge meal like a habit trail. He's twiled in the shadow of that fish, Barbie, for 25 years. And now he's out. How many like it can do on the Delaware River? Hi. This is Holly Fiasth. You know, after a long night's thanking Bikerboy, the purgatory, or chasing around the extras at La Tage, I can't wait to go home and play with Ken. That's reaching great Barbie's fun house using lots of malls and dry flowers. Coming soon, it's GI JoJo with Kung Fu grip. Cole, his string and healthy, so tuned, just like Judy Garland. This is the most disgusting program I urge everyone to complain to this station. Today's broadcast is brought to you by news. Conclean the all-purpose cleaner. See this shirt? It's fun to include. How nasty this carpet is, Dave. Well, just drop down to your knees. Use a little bit of elbow grease and you can clean it. Yes, you can clean anything. Clean your dog. Clean your silverware. Can clean your car. But can clean everything you own. Get in clean today. Come visit one of our eight-conclaimed stores, or look us up on the web at conclean.com. And can clean it up. Are you searching for a new sensation in dining? Your tired of that same old bump on your grind. Then why not revisit an old friend and eat it to why? That's right folks. Because here at the Y, we turn our old facilities into a mouth watering buffet. And you've never seen up. Red like this one. Featuring some of the most delicious on-trade. You've ever tasted. And if you like eating Mexican, you'll love the Y because every night is a good night. Or if you enjoy the taste of wild tea. Our chef's for a hair on lip-mecking, soft-aid rabbit. Makes an adult in flower cross. That's right. Hair pie. It's all here. Literally mounds of piping hot food, including juicy steak, cooked medium rare. Because when you eat at the Y, all of the meat is taken in the middle. Or if you like spicy food, here's an unusual hungry. Red hot, seasoned, you'll steak. Talk about a piece of ass that brings near-zero eyes. It's rich, begging goodness you won't put them in. Oh, the next time you eat out, why don't you down to the Y? I'm a little bit scared of you. You're the pretty highlight of the year. When I go to the cheese and go away. This is cheese and go away. I'm lined up like a tiny bottle of different kinds of walls. I'm just hotter. No one. They fall around. I'm just off to. Or have. Yeah, yeah. I'm just off to. I'm just off to. I'm just off to. I'm just off to. What are I free? I'm in a jutset, brush my pockets right at me. It looked like two things in the air like. I thought like a theater. I closed my office for a lucky L.S. She came in. They can film a thing. There's not the gut to him. I want to be one of these back from the others. I'm making a film. Come on. He's on. He's on. He's on. He's on. I'm just going to help think and letting you go from the kiss. He's on. He's on. He's on. He's on. When I had a bunch of dollars running, I went through the slaves. I can swim in with a smile. I'm on a orange state. There was Mickey McGrass. And candy can't allow paradise. I eat food. There's a black and boat. It's a cat. A baby. And set it full of grass. They're better by the kid. A really good life. That's a lot of this. He's on. He's on. He's on. I'm just going to help think and let you go from a kiss. He's on. He's on. He's on. He's on. Oh, cat.