You're starting a huge pair! No, settle down, class. As you all know, we can no longer put up the 10 commandments in our classroom. Additionally, in an effort to avoid offending anyone who might have been politically religiously or ethnically offended by our political allegiance. The politically correct arm of the justice department has rewritten the pledge, so as to be completely non-sectarian and non-offensive to any special interests or protests group. So let's begin. I've voluntarily affirmed my devotion to any symbolized shoes from whenever my ancestors' country of origin may be. And still the conglomeration of various special interests groups that yet symbolize. A diverse melting pot under a deity that may or may not exist with the discretion to be divisive at our own realm. And the freedom to burn this symbol or peer to no offense on whenever we see six A-SAN. All right, 10 out of 2 at 5, 60 WKM happy if there's the truth. That last caller there on the award team yet very good point for the only question I would ask you, especially with these unbelievable crowds that we're getting at the macarina. How many people would actually show up at the truth of fighting out a hockey? We just didn't end up in the sport itself because it's certainly the fastest and greatest game on a face of the earth, but not even a contest. But the fact is that the fans they like that crapping, courage it, they want it without it, maybe some of them will even come out. You can't complain about the crowds working this year because we don't have any. They stop just like the monk. They stop and they finally took the monk out of there and they had the last monk with a belly, taken out of there and after and I'm for a record with the monks. Guess what? They win last night. The monk they stop, they stop, they stop, the monk they stop. Yeah, get rid of it. Well, we've got a lot of good stuff today. This facts from the Eric by the way with our poor results from yesterday is taking like 45 hours to get through that thing. It's diddling and diddling and diddling. I can see it, but I can't get my hands on it. You know what I'm talking about? I can see it, but I can't feel it or touch it. Here we go. One moment later, finally. Another record yesterday over 3770 page views on our website near rangers.com. And that's all this one is. How come this is coming through there? So we got a name slow I want to do today. Couldn't be because we got a crappy fact machine, could it? Yeah. Just like is that phone system in by the way? Oh, I'll get the good news from Bluff this morning, Bluff Lindsey. They stuck that the new tell us sources that we were promised on February 14 and then we were promised on March number one, which was yesterday. A couple little pieces of it are here. It's coming piecemeal and I have a feeling that this company knowing them the way that I do is probably flying it piecemeal. Oh, yeah, give us the hands that first. We can we can handle that from petty cash maybe. And then we will buy one button at a time. We got a new phone system that's been constructed and purchased one button at a time. Now is this the same system that we were told was shipped not part of it, but we were, was shipped last week when we told that. Yeah, not their lie. They just keep lying and lying and lying and making it up as they go along. Thanks to the ticket defense team by the way for a beautiful plant. Randy multitasking, all our friends at the ticket defense team, Amy, a gorgeous, a lovely plant. I'm going to tell you during the show yesterday it was nothing. But once I left here even strangers to get in gas at mobile yesterday, happy anniversary Neil. I'm people in the hockey game last night. I had to change by the pen six different times. I got p-down so much, especially by the Panther organization. By the way, nice going there. Scott Melonby gets the first goal of the game on a great pass by Ray Whitney on his the 1000th game in the NHL and you know, I kind of worried that I knew the Leafs were going to lose last night when I saw window Clark on at first line. Steve Thomas had a hang there or something like that and there's all window out there. I had a feeling we were in big trouble. And then when we found out that most of the team missed the bus and Pat Quinn was at the GM meetings and it was going to be rough night. But that's okay. Didn't feel that bad because the path is needed at real bad. And of course those months they started and needed bad. But anyway, the Panther organization is the danger field of my cancer and my good post, friends, sal, you know, sal. The concessions guy from those delicious concessions that are, oh man, really something spatial. I think of one of the papers that I'll get to eventually hear about the concessions at the various ball parks in arenas. And about the gourmet cuisine that people are eating like somewhere in the fancy schmante level up there on the whatever the hell they call it. The executive blue nose brown nose level at most of the rest of us can't get to and about the paté full grud do a chat about whatever it is. Can the rest of us get that stuff. But anyway, so they send me a bottle of wine. A big chocolate anniversary cake written a happy 24th anniversary meal and a nice shirt with the Panther logo and a whole deal. Thank you guys. And I've been taking very good care of me. Let me pick out my own seats when they were still finishing the construction of the macaroon. They've been great to me. Now, of course, Wayne hates my gut. And Terry Murray and B.M. probably still all like me too much. But nevertheless, the people who really caught the organization, the people who the real role up your sleeves type of people, I Steve Dangerfield, they love me. They realize that I'm their only hope and believe me, after seeing these crowds lately. Wow, like I said, you can't complain about the crowds we're getting out there. It's scary. It is frightening. But I got a thing here today. Oh, wait a minute. One moment. You know what that sounds like? Yeah, it sounds like everlasting love by. Yeah, everlasting love by. No, not handy. Give. He just is something called everlasting love. Well, it may have been a cover on Robert, but that was his name. Everlasting love, come on. Somebody call it a media officer. I don't know how to go look in the book. And then there was like recently in the last few years that was like another real cheesy takeoff on it. But at any rate, that's what that sounded like. So here was our pull question yesterday. What religion do you believe in? Not what you were born and do, which of course is a meaningless and is only your bad luck. What do you believe? This is pretty damn revealing. We had four hundred and sixteen votes. Pretty damn impressive since we started this kind of like later on in the show yesterday. Wait till you're today's pull question, by the way. You may be a little bit uncomfortable with it too bad. Robert Knight. Robert Knight, thank you very much. God bless America. Was he kind of Larry Knight? No, no, a little bit darker and there's probably still alive. Larry Knight is dead. Can you believe that? Larry Knight. Anyway, Robert, let's you do believe in. 132 said 80 is. Oh, hundred and eight said agnostic. Oh, that's between the two fifty seven point six percent. Almost 60 percent of this Heathen audience for which I'm very, very pleased. 80 said cat look rhymes with spick. How do you think that most of the Catholics out there are Hispanics? Yes. Okay. But you would. Oh, this community. Yeah. Well, that's what I'm talking about. Jews only 34. Oh, because we're assuming that most of the atheist diagnostics were born Jewish, but of course, I don't believe in bubble myses. Protestant 26 born again Christian 20, which shocks the living crap out of me. Wow. Man, 20 born again Christians in his poll. Those are the ones monitoring. Oh, that's right. I forgot eight Buddhists. They're still rubbed at five Muslims and three moron Mormons. I see we just have a lot more Mormons, but then they found that between ten and two, it's always a good time to go wash your magic underwear. So they don't have time to be listening no more. I thought that was pretty goddamn revealing an omniscient. Fantastic poll question and tremendous response. Anyway, we've got a lot of stuff on the table, including the shootings in their Pittsburgh, the shooting a little girl and the racial law kind of stuff. And this idiot, a column by a Leonard Pitz, which makes me want to uptuck all over the guy at the workplace. And I got a column by you. See how much a David J. Neill didn't realize that I read the hockey news. And I'm going to read his column here on the year, which I sure wouldn't want to get him fired. And he's actually ripping the heroine on his own, uh, his own newspaper in a publication that I guess he assumes nobody in the hero will ever read. No portion of his broadcaster may be reproduced without the express written permission of WQAMB's new reads as well as his vision court. How easy the path is for 15-15 minutes is that so much to add. Just had a couple extra lot of coffee and then I drank a couple cups of tea. I hope my gratitude and thought to chair for more of the pressure feeling like they're there. Oh, yeah, it's your argument and a shackle and a death. Telling you I didn't need to let it one lift. You better keep your distance of this thing in may it's wrong. Don't get in my way because I've got to go and got a goal. I've got a goal. I could let my game in half as a singer. Oh, I've got a goal. I've got a goal. I've been in a shirt of heat about an hour ago. My every thought is of me cutting loose. If I don't go soon I'll be in my shoe. This is something one that grows inside of me. The tightest rising in may ever see. I've got a piece of that back still on me. It's a pity that I've been going in my shoes. I wish that I was better in some detendions. Oh, so I'll be a something that's been going in my shoe. I've got a goal. I've got a goal. I've got a goal. I've got a goal. I've got a goal. I've got a goal. I've got a goal. I've got a goal. I've got a goal. I've got a goal. Oops, by the way, look at that. I thought I was going death. So anyway, the greatest song of all time. I just took an instant pull as on VH water. Whatever this is done. Are you laughing? I'm not. Are you laughing? You're ass at the monkeys? That's a great song. You just don't like the part where they talk about the silly queen or whatever they're saying that thing. Hate that song. You have to play it. Hate dream, believe me, you hate me. Oh, oh. Oh, so anyway, speak of that. And speak of David J. Neill. Which I'll get to in the second. Why sure, I don't lose that. No, here it is. Since he's a bitch in about the Harold's crappy coverage, any is correct by the way. If you're looking at your son Sentinel and the front of the sports page today, here's a big picture of Pablo Burri after screwing a second goal of the game and his 44th of the season, which he laid around with at the empty netter. I've gone there, Pablo. Even though it's against the least, we don't care. We didn't show up. But anyway, here's it. Look at that. Timely Panthers, top leased centers of big pictures. Great great front page of this sports section in the Sun Sentinel. But the Harold, if we don't have their own agenda, and since Mickey Harrison doesn't own the Panthers, they don't give a crap. Catscape past leaves. And here's the little bit next to the golf crap, next to golf. And the upper right hand corner continued on the inside. So to give you an idea and the great insight that David Janeal gives you about what's going on, Panthers notebook by David Janeal, which is on the inside page, six right by the standings. Almost all of his thing here is about on a corner, on a corner, holia and Pablo Burri and Sergey Federo. Does that have anything to do with hockey? No, he got to be right in the gossip column with the skin head there. What's his name? Josie Josie Hozy. He got to be right in with a skin head. I mean, we all know. First of all, David, you know, you're so slow. Everybody knows the reason that he dumped Sergey Federo is he's hung like a butterfly. And of course, Panbell Burri, he's got a huge pair. So that's all you need to know about that. He's got like a manly member as opposed to Sergey Federo, who's hung like a net. But we'll get back to that to that net in a moment. So anyway, our pull question today, you consider yourself very racist somewhat racist or not racist at all. You'll rise to your dot com. We'd like everybody to vote on this. You're all anonymous. You don't have to feel like you're going to get suspended for 14 days or fine 50 bucks or 500 bucks. Maybe you should explain what the degrees are. Like what is very racist as a post-tall. I mean, it's like all. It's, what's the difference between asking something subjective like that with a as a serious diagnostic. Very racist meaning you hate a lot of different groups or you just hate one group a whole lot. I'm talking about black and white. Ah, member Michael Jackson, that record black and white, which wasn't as good as daydream, believe we're by the monkeys, but nevertheless a lot more annoying. Oh, there's that life. Speaking of really annoying. Oh, I'm excuse me. I feel much better now. And the reason that I'm doing this today is because there's just this whole, and of course personally, I must confess right here on the year. And I've said it before. And then all these goody two shoes keep calling in who want to tell me how I feel. See, I'll say it again. I'm consistent about this. I deal with individual people as individuals. I don't care if they're black, white, Puerto Rican, unlike George or Hayts Puerto Rican. Jews, blame, I don't care. Cubans, Chinese, I don't care. Individuals. But in general terms, you can unless you're Superman, unless you're just oblivious. Unless you were living a very sheltered world, it's impossible, I believe. Not to develop very strong emotions and feelings about in general terms. Because we know several nice black people, couple. Huh? Like the young guy to board up and there what's his name? I don't even know what his name is. Yeah, well he's a good guy. And the guy to wash his a car on Friday and my maid. My maid, Jeannie, she'd be okay. She did my maid for a long time. And she'd be a clean and a little bit here and there and not too much. Huh? Spencer, we used to think he was okay, but then he turned out to be a turncoat, so we don't like him too much anymore. Any other black people we like? I got a whole life. He's a good guy and he's a better than saw that's a good guy. We like him a lot. We weren't too fond of. Of course, get the benefit of the doubt. Now he's a good guy. He's just not too bright. But at any rate. Seriously, they're right. They're right. They're right. They're not thinking too hard. There's a list of black people I like. Black celebrities I like. Towards Jefferson, Weezy, Florence, Lionel. Malcolm, Shemar, Moore, the more I see him, boy, the more I say, I'll write. I love those black people. The scene black. He's like barely even mocha. You consider him black? I think he considers him black. He considers it black, well, let's see what it looks like. But at any rate, there's, but I have to confess that I've, as each day of my life, goes by, I find that I become more and more racist. So if I were answering the whole question, I would say, I consider myself very racist. Not somewhat racist. I'm not going to beat around the bush. I'm not going to want to be as a quivocator as like most few people out there who want to be politically correct. I don't give a rat to ask about politically correct. Okay. I don't care about that. I'm just late and right online. Like I always do. Which is why people listen to this show because there are five people on the face of the year who will really tell you in public. They'll tell you behind closed doors when they're positive that there's no goddamn, hidden microphone or whatever. But in public, they won't tell you. They're full of crap. They're full of shmith. I feel very racist. And we got the, you know, and on the one hand, we got the thing in New York and the Bronx, and I haven't changed my opinion about that at all. And Leonard Pitzett large, who's a dark, complexed guy who writes this, columnication letter appears in the Harold. He's like, uh, syndicated. I don't know where to held you is. Or maybe I don't know. Is he the one that's who knows where he is from hunger. Second thoughts following New York verdict he says. And he quotes Bill Bradley is saying a wallet in the hand of a white man, looks like a wallet, but a wallet in the hand of a black man looks like a gun. Bill Bradley said that. Good comment there Bill. And by the way, Bill, see ya. But anyway Leonard Pitzett, I was ready to jump to conclusion the four black women gotten the way, meaning the four women who set on a jury and all, and he somehow, I'm ready to hold article here this morning, and he neglects to mention the intimidation factor. And he even looks that they were getting and a tremendous fear that they felt if somehow they didn't come back with the right non-gildy verdict, then maybe they might have some kind of a problem in the future of their lives. And as short as those lives might have become, doesn't mention that anywhere here, I don't see it. And then the end of his column he says, that's where we stand. He says, I feel sorry for those women having to bear the weight of expectation. I don't have to trust more than the fact of blackness of been in the promise of justice. Whatever the hell I've been. Oh, he doesn't mention fear in this in a, but at any rate he says, that's where we stand. And until courts and cops begin to work equally hard at earning the trust of all citizens, it's where we're likely to stay. Until that moment, these episodes will continue to move with sad predictability. White cops shoots unarmed black person outrage burns like fire and we jump. We jump, is what he said. Maybe that's because you've got rhythm. I don't know what that means, but you jump. I mean, I don't understand that. Well, what are the four, why does he understand better? The four black women on a jury. What does that make him less upset about this? Does that make me less upset? No. If it's okay with then, that's okay with him. Oh, I see. Okay. So, in other words, it was okay for OJ to kill those two white people because it was okay for the black people on that jury. And the one white person or whatever it was, it wasn't the least bit intimidated right. But then anyway, we got these shootings now and I will say this again right up front. serial killers, mostly white. The only black one I can think of was the guy in Atlanta. Other than that, white. You got your trailer park trash, you got black folks, a lot of them. These people over for reproducing making babies like rabbits irresponsible. That element of the black community and the white community or whatever they want to call them. Community this community, this community. I hate that word. But here in the last couple of days, we had two days ago the story, the shooting of the little white girl. Your Flint, Michigan. By a six year old piece of crap, subhuman piece of crap. And for some reason, they, you know, on and on, we couldn't find out anything about the family. And then I want to send the fathers and jail. And here's the picture of his father, a deed Rick Owens, a convict who's done allegedly shot and killed six year old classmate Kayla Roland. Speaking from jail, said he never stole a freight train. I feel bad for the other family. I wish it would never happen. I'll do anything to eat my kids back. But he never stole a freight train. And we have all these asshole saying, well, she was only a six year old kid. You know, he needs, he needs their understanding. You know, he needs a good, a good weapon to the electric here is what he needs. Have a little spat with his girl on the playground. Of course, he spat with what it was all about because he spat on her desk and spat at her. So we just say Colin Ferguson on the years, so people will stop calling and saying Colin Ferguson at me. The subway guy in New York, the black guy, wanted to call the white people there to defend that himself in the trial. Yeah, what about Bernard Jets? There's one for you. Listen, don't, don't start. Look, I got my own agenda here. Okay, we don't need any assistance. I've been doing this a long time. Today is the beginning of 25th year in this town. Was there anything in the papers about a year ago? And the news meeting beginning of 25 years, a quarter of a century. No, that shows you what a bush league town is. And what about your hard answers? Is it if I care because that's what I expect nothing. Because of the fact that I won't suck their ass because my tongue is not there on their god day. That's fine. That's okay. I'll survive without you. I have for a long time. But at any rate. So it just still happens that this little kid is black. Now, that doesn't change the story. Little black kids shoots a little white girl. Then we got to think in Pennsylvania. And this scumbag, this Ronald Taylor 39, who happens to be not only black, but an unbelievable racist son of a bitch. A woman told WPXIT, the anticiper that a black man entered her apartment, and asked, I'll be dead in ten minutes. She described him as saying, well, I'm not going to hurt any black people. I'm going to kill all white people. And then the other guy, this sergeant John Fisher told Taylor that he was upset about a broken door. His apartment, a worker, right Taylor's building said this suspected gunman, who was black was angry that workers hadn't repaired the door fast enough. I know that was your set me off. But where's that phone system? Up. Oh, right. All the shooting victims were white males authority said. He said, you're all white trash, racist pigs, maintenance worker John to what said. Okay. Now, my question is this, are there going to be white people demonstrating in the streets? Will Jesse Jackson and Al Sharpton be there? Jesse Jackson, who's so worried about school kids, is he going to be there? And that town, your Pittsburgh, what can's work? Is he going to be there? About these people? And then in Flint for that little kid, the white girl like God shot, you think he's going to be there? No. No. He'll be there to try to help the kid. Oh, help the kid get off. Like he was in the Decatur real-enoyther just a couple of weeks ago. And I want you all to be relieved. That Jesse tells us the good news is he's coming down here. He's already signed on as the article in the papers at this morning to participate in the protest against Governor Jeffester because we're ending affirmative action, which is long overdue. Nice going, Governor. Jeffester, you fashist you. I can't stand it. But on this case, on this, this issue, he's absolutely correct. Oh. But anyway, 1027 is 560 W to QM. And I'll put it for all. I took it close to me, Father. This is a huge piece that told me now I can get no job. Cause I don't have no electricity. I've talking like a non-B grown. If I'm like, stop me, how this way? Now I can't do nothing. But I heard it says that okay. Change my name to soon. Try the doomsend the code of any kind of land. I remember when I was dealing all the white pants cause hanging outside. The velvet air bar, round the blue style bar, the thief. White tail was got no job, holding it in time and fast. So the barn is a bit more not a change now. Five, five, five. Got to go in cell boat, back all the things. Back all the things, back all the things. Back all the things, back all the things. You need to do something. Not anymore of all is solve. If I'm in place to listen, got nothing to do with literacy. Now I got to make more money. They were fools, down good to me. I've got plenty of nothing. If I'm in a train getting me anywhere. Maybe I'll muck an old white bitch. Still the first and fuller hair. Then I go on to take some money. Five, there we all, in a fridge it there. I remember when I was stealing all the white pants cause hanging outside. The velvet air bar, round the blue style bar, the thief. White tail was got no job, hold me in time and fast. So the barn is a bit more not a change now. I got to go in cell boat, back all the things. Back all the things, back all the things. Back all the things, back all the things, back all the things. Back all the things, back all the things. That's 33.5.50 WQ. I'm so open. Mail here. I thought I had a bunch of additional anniversary cards there. Did I have an additional bunch? No. I got a bunch of nothing. I have one, which I appreciate Joe and Holly with. Thanks Joe. But one other envelope is a bunch of crap. And then this envelope from a wacko lady, whose name is Mrs. Schmitt. In point and beach. She addresses it to Neil and IEL, Rogers, radio, WQ, UAM. With a corrected rest on. Nice going there. Mrs. Schmitt. And inside is a card with a picture of Jesus. The Easter remembrance. As an Easter gift, you wouldn't have to be. And then here's another card inside of that card. Tappy birthday Jim. You're doing a great job as governor. I'll be hanging 100%. This is one of the old ladies. It's in all her money to a Janapol crotch. Oh, no doubt. One of those kinds. Another intolerant bitch. See, only assholes. Only people who are the lowest form of scum on a face of the earth. At least next to the wind. You know, the kind of people that sense stuff for this day. It's, it's grotesque. Save it for somebody who would like to see it. Save it for somebody who wants it. Do I want it? No. No, Mrs. Schmitt. So at any rate, I'm just curious. It's the why we have this double standard. And I think there are a lot of other people. Of course, the John Rocker thing now. The arbitrator decided because it was politically correct. He couldn't eliminate the whole suspension and the whole fine. So we couldn't have been to find out almost nothing. The $20,000 fine is not a 500 bucks. And the suspension instead of a month is down to 14 days. So there have been any suspension? No. Not because I agree or disagree because John Rocker was picking on everybody. Including some minorities that I fit into. So I sure is how don't agree with all what he was saying. But he's got to write to his opinions, even as grotesque and not politically correct as they may be. He's not a spokesman for anybody except himself. He's a jack. He's a dumb jack is what he is. And Bud Seela, your anybody also believes that they got to write to find him or suspended for expressing an unpopular point of view. He's going to have to deal with people of those backgrounds on his team and lead the fans, whoever else. That's his deal. You know, he decided to open up a mouth and now he has to deal with the consequences. But that should tell you how to the kind of freedoms that we have in America is in almost none. You can't even say what's on your mind without people coming down on your ass. Where is it written in the constitution that we have to be politically correct? We have to say what is a popular with the, you know, the nose up in the air crowd. Where's it written in there? I don't think so. And that's why I'm sick and God damn tired of all these people that tip to around the edges that we fuse to say what's really on their mind. Makes me nauseous. So on the one hand, I can fully sympathize with the family of the dark, complicated little guy to five foot six, five feet six tall, little, a shripy guy that got blown away got his crap blow away in a bronze by a bunch of trigger happy cops who went nuts. And there's no other way to describe it. They went nuts. They didn't just make a little mistake. They went nuts. They went ballistic. If you pardon that expression. So I can sympathize with in and in the same token, I can sympathize with the family of the six year old girl who can't even send their kid to school without having to come home except in a box. And the families of the people, two of them already died. Another one is brain dead. Another people in critical condition in the hospital in your Pittsburgh. Because number one, you got a good happy society with a bunch of crazy people running around. And each other, we can get pissed off about important things like a parking space or somebody didn't fix the lock on my door fast enough. Some white trash crap pigs racist white honkeys. See, racist in my hate to break the news to my dark friends out there. Racism doesn't have any color. Doesn't have any name, doesn't have any face, doesn't have any color. They're racist, you know, every group. Birds of a feather, hate together. Make no mistake about it. And I can't look like when I come back from my vacations, I don't make up those stories. I don't take any great pleasure. I don't want to have anybody in a room, even in a minor way with my good time. I like to, you know, we're looking for paradise. We're not going to fight it because there's always people around to get in the way. So that trash over there that's a busy, hey, quote quote craved that instead of going out and getting an education in a brain and a job in a very free country like we're doing all the same they wanted. Legal instead of that, they're out there peddling craved crap on the streets. Peddling Schmidt. And getting in your goddamn way and annoying you and rotation halfway down the block if you don't want to buy their crap. I'm tired of the excuse makers, I'm tired of the belly acres, I'm tired of the Jesse Jackson, I'm tired of a form of interaction. Get you an education, learn to speak the language properly, do like every other group of people have done throughout the history of this country. Get a brain. And stop always pointing the finger and blame and whity and stuff that happened 3, 400 years ago, we're all sick and tired of it. Nautious from it. Puk induced by it. And this coming from a guy who you know, considers himself one of the last liberals who will use the word, okay? The liberals are tired of it. Those 10 of us who are left. Tired of all the excuses all a bull crap. And all this get out of my way, it's my turn online now, honky bastard you. Now we're not buying that. And I guarantee you won't see any groups of white people, even the guy named Crazy Clansman, you won't see anybody demonstrating because a white girl got shot by a black kid. Any more than you'll see white people in Pittsburgh marching downtown or blocking off streets because some white folks got shot by a crazy black guy who got pissed off because they didn't take the lock on his door fast enough. When is the bull crap going to stop and people start taking responsibility for their own actions, their own bull crap and then this business about making babies. Just like the direct policy that we've had 400 unidulages about what a wonderful human being was never stole a freight train, but he had seven kids by five different women. Was he married? No, no, at least he wasn't cheating on his wife. Scumbags start calling them what they are scumbags people with no responsibility kids walking around with no parents with parents in jail parents a coke parents scumb scumb making babies. Let me see it again. Two words that keep coming in my mind that just refused to go away for sterilization. The only hope for the future of America. I think every trailer park in America we ought to have those mobile vans. And we ought to start visiting every guy named trailer park in America. Of course the Jerry Springer and Jenny Jones that have trouble filling up that audience every day. Twenty four eleven and five sixty w two way. I don't give a shit anymore. He's a little bit sick of his face and she tries to save his legs with our bleeders. Actually stumbles in her heels and the dress that won't reveal, he's got a weeda. So they eat it. Oh, no. So round. Come on. Come on. Yeah. Yeah. Where she does. Oh, man. How much like thousands? Five or five. Oh, he's in for this. How do you call your brother? Okay. Again. One ball Just sat inалось And I got our minutes on today's table tennis reeks. Two. One ball just stood together. Come on now. He gotta stand on the Pauffalo. So the douban whales are so nice tą �ushle.ажуffalo and sailman Douban whales, of course ladies and gentlemen. Little majority people who are baby keep it i77 i78 i77 oh ok P So that's what nobody does It's a big foul 26 at 5.60W to QAM. Anyway, thanks so much for the request. I'm glad you're here. Back to nothing like that. It sends me a nice and graduate literary facts here. Right on the heels of the column, the show the other day. And they're getting me really depressed about being here. Thanks a lot, Mitch. So anyway, here's this article. Keep in mind, this is in the hockey news. By David J. Neill, who writes the column who's the regular Beat reporter, and I do mean Beat for the Miami-Herald hockey coverage. And maybe it's chilly to Panthers progress right today, but Jay Neill, who is the who's out of the hockey game. He says a high school football coach switching from a local power to a mediocre program, a fishing tournament, an advanced article for a road game by the University of Miami-Mine basketball team. These soft-loaded sports stories have all received more attention from the local press than the Florida Panthers. And with the teams, average home attendance down to about 15,600 from 18,345 last year, many wonder what role the media's dismissal has played. I don't think there's any correlation between the amount of attention in the event gets an attendance and team president Bill Tory, who must be wearing his next high two, is a bow tie to tight again. But no question when the media gets excited in most cases, the public bill's two said Bill. There are other factors as David J Neill, one is the prohibitive cost of going to a game, and two non-play off-season of infuriated some fans for by the franchises over achieving first four campaigns. It's hard for the Panthers to be any sexier, a mysterious drilling superstar, keen and explosive offense, and a half-hassure defense backed by strong gold spending, plus they've held on the first place in the South East Division. It hasn't just been the annual trials of the NFL's Miami Dolphins that has caused the Panthers to be overlooked. Most U.S. local electronic media take their NHL clues from the Q's from the local print media, and in South Florida that print media has shunted the Panthers aside. When Pavelle Brey broke the franchise's scoring record while getting his 300 NHL goal, and 33rd of the season some while back here, who was that he was talking about Pavelle Brey. Pavelle Brey's got a huge pair! On an overtime winner in front of the year's Biggest Home Crowdback in January, it was buried in the middle of the Miami Herald's fourth section, so as the previous night's game, while the high school football coach was on the section front. We seem to create more excitement everywhere else than our own market, to where we said, as I said at the staff, if you can do it everywhere else, we can do it here too. That must be the young monkey we were talking about. They stopped, and maybe that's what he had in mind. They're not even playing that Super Song anymore, which is why they want to game last night. Pavelle Brey's Rock, Pavelle's Rock, Oh, they stopped. Wow, but in any way, keep this in mind, here is David Jane Neale, who writes for the Herald, who works for the Herald. Talking about the fact, in the hockey news, talking about the fact that the Herald puts a bunch of crap on the front of the sports section, and it doesn't give the path to any kind of coverage. Which is true, there is no question about that. And on the one hand, I commend him for having to guts the right this in here, because certainly some asshole will read it on the ear in Miami, and people at the Herald will discover it even if they don't read the hockey news, and they'll say, he's a bite in the hand that feeds him. So I commend him on that PowerPoint, but the fact is David Jane Neale, you and your counterpart in crime, fat-faced, Michael Russo there, you don't write anything insightful. You don't write anything that makes people interested in the game. All you write is the same old trite crap about on a corner, a whole year in Tom Bell, Burry, and a same old boring crap, and about how Ray Widdney, you know, the coach was pissed off at him a few days ago, so both articles had exactly the same thing verbated word for word. Whatever the Murray speed you, that's where you put in the paper. Nothing for pocket, nothing interesting, nothing exciting, nothing informative. The Meatree Christian, was he in a line of police last night? Oh, we know why? No, Steve Thomas, if you read way down at the bottom of the end, according to Horus, you find out he had a bruised toe from getting hit by a shot in the Atlantic in the night before. That's why he didn't play last night. But as far as renegaming his information, all the trade rumors that are going on around the league. We got the trade deadline coming up March 14, less than two weeks away. Are we getting any information on that? No, no, just little dribs and draps. So on the one hand, maybe you're frustrated because your newspaper gives the Panthers crappy coverage, which they always have when we do understand that. But on the other hand, what are you doing? To get people turned on of the game and get us to really inform about what they'll go and not even those of us who already love the game and understand it. Are you doing anything David? No, no, not too much. Except bitching and probably it can in the hockey news, where you figure you'll be safe. I mean, this is astonishing. Shocking. 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line, don't forget in the arroggies.com. I'll lock out our hot kind of what onto our website, our pull question today. You consider yourself very racist. Some of the racist are not a racist at all. On a scale of 1,000, here's a calling for it, Meyer, and it's not going on because you re-boot the phone. I most certainly did. Oh, you did re-boot the phone. Yeah, I'm still not going on here. Well, how do you like that? Try another one. Since we're going to be hanging up on them all anyway. Okay. Here's Miami. Okay. So we got to re-boot the phone again. So here we go once again. See, you know, the David J. Neal column would be like, if I went into some publication that almost nobody reads, you know, I've bitched and moaned about basically me broadcasting how they're much a liar and phony's and cheap, and they won't give me any equipment. But I came on a year and I stuck their ass. It would be a hypocritical of me. Be cowardly of me to do that. I suppose to coming on here, like I do every single day and tell you the way it is. On the days when the phone works, which isn't very often, I tell you that. And on the days like today, one has piece of crap. They work in after Bluffland. He comes in here and gives me a song to dance about. Oh, well, they haven't shipped the whole thing yet. And a piece of the phone system is here and a piece is there. And today is already the second of March, which we were promised on the 14th of February. And then promised absolutely on the first of March when we had to get the lawyers involved again, because this company refuses to provide me with a phone system that works. Period. That's all. So I got money here here for 52 minutes. Spewing my guts out and have to waste my time again and embarrass myself again because the guy damn, the phone system is a piece of crap. It doesn't freaking work. And you know, something that's getting really goddamn old. Every guy's in there. Just a phone. That's all it's a talk show. It's a radio show. Just a guy named phone that works. Do you think you guys can do it? No. No. Oh, but we got this big system coming in here. You got a system all right. It's called lying systematic lying. Stonewalling. Solling. That's what it's called. Just honest, unbelievable. We're not talking rocket science here. We're not asking for the moon. We're a little green people on it. We're asking for a phone on a radio talk show that takes phone calls. Hi, are you? And lie, I just came on by itself. It just worked, huh? It just came on by itself. I'm sitting here punching my hand. The news came on like it like an active God. Well, I don't think that's possible. You just popped up. You just popped up. You just popped it up. You better take a look down. And you just popped up. Like, I'm not saying that you're not on the line. You just popped it up. You better take a look down. And you just popped up like. I'm not saying that you're not on the line. I had to call you for two reasons. Did you see a story by the dentist and coconut growth? No. Okay. Well, you know, everybody knows that the staff was growing on his balcony. You got busted. Oh, yeah, right. Right. Okay. We'll get this. Did you hear what charges he was given? No. Okay. He was charged with possession. Right. Oven. I'm on. Do you remember the old charges of intent to distribute where if somebody had two bags or more. Right. That's what they got now. Suspicion of intent to distribute. That's right. I mean, look, that maybe maybe want to be, we think he might be thinking about it. I have a suspicion that because we're putting that guy in jail, more people like that, that idiot last week, you dragged that sexual to death are going to get out today. Right. How does his suspicion also want to call you back as incredible? In Vermont, you know that they were trying to pass this the same sex that you're writing there. You know, and Dr. Dr. Vanus, Laura, actually gave a note. Actually gave a number for the governor's office on her show. Yeah. And they bombarded the governor's office of phone calls driving him crazy. Isn't that great? So you've been a mischievous. Oh, God. Thank God that he's not a homophobic bitch that she protested a much. It's just he hates the sin and it's set her in so on. That's right. And then he just keep two words in mind, okay? Orthodox Jew. And for a few years, for Neil's sake, you know, don't blow not and have a heart attack. That's exactly what they want you to do. Thank you. That's good. They're not worth it. Have a great day. I'm going to talk to you about the doctor or that bitch that disgusting, bigoted bitch. See, that's okay. It's seen all right to be homophobic. All you black people are always building it about racism. You got news for you. You're like a small potatoes. Because it's politically incorrect to say anything racist in public. But Reggie White speaking of your people. He's a hero. He'd be a hero. It literate stupid, bigoted son of a bitch. He's a hero. Reggie White. Humph, I'll follow again. And a preacher too don't forget about that. That's okay. And Dr. Laura, she's like a respected top show host who just happens to be homophobic and psychotic and obsessed with that. Because she's become an Orthodox Jew. Oh, hey. How come the women don't get to wear beenies? They do wear them. They stick them in there. Wreck them. Oh yeah. You'd be amazed where they stick them. It's got several uses. Depending on the time of the month, it's amazing what those things will do. Red beenies. A patch for your. Beenie wee. Here's for my or so. I'm a damn idiot. I just call her. What's wrong with your phone? I don't take calls from black folks. I just got caught off. Listen to me, Neil. I agree with everything you say. Okay. You're acting a little bit. Your phone system that's selected lead the screens out. Dark people depending on your complexion. If you're over if you're over at five on a Rick disc scale. You just connected immediately. I've found a little racist today. Didn't you hear what I said? I consider myself very racist. No, I agree with you. Don't tell me. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I'm going to tell you. I can be telling that. You can tell what my voice. Right. But I agree with everything you say. I do. It's worse than they want. They want everything. We got Jesse Jackson. I'm going to tell you. I don't agree with. I'll shut down Jesse Jackson. I was living when I was in poor Charlotte. I was living here. When after about a couple of years, more swishers started moving in, I had more racism from swishers. From swishers. And I did it from anyone else. You know, you read. That's right. They can say, Nick or all they want. Mark Firman says, You're not sure. We're a bad guy. I agree with you. I mean, like, you know, you read your book. You feed you for the school. You got your book with you. Oh, you're a cell out. You moved to the cell out. Tell us that's why you're trying to be like, I'd be fine if you'd like. Educated. Yeah. And it's ridiculous. You know, the wife folks treat me the best and then he's daily thing else. You know, and I came from New York, you know, who she shoot by folks. Mm-hmm. But not me. But let me tell you something else. George Gordon Reakins, they got the swish blade. It's harder to trace. But anyway. George Bush, now you went to Bob Jones University. Yeah, I got a run pal. Real quick. Yeah. Okay. Okay. See you. Well, he knows how to run real quick. He was a black iron report to the Charlotte. 1057 at 5.50 QM. Motorsports Saturday. Yeah. Well, what was that? That was a reachangering. That was a rejoin? No. Well, what was it? The intro rejoin. Well, they changed. They've notified them read the memo about that right now. And it says, my fault. It says, Just a couple of the ideas. Tell me the key way. Yeah. I have the North Florida Day. Sitting at home watching the WWE of the year. If I got hair on my bike and cool as I'm a brass. I got remote control. I've got my Nintendo joystick. I'm so dying, ladies. I'm married a pregnant chick. Well, it's true. I drive a beamer and I play lots of golf. I wear probably as a pants that I never take off. I go after the drive that I try to be funky, but I don't fool anyone because me a funky. Yeah. Yeah. I'll listen to my kids. I'll be a funky little boy. Yeah. I'll be a funky. I'll be a funky. I'll be a funky. Yeah. I'll listen to Madonna and I think she's really hip and that Julio is the easiest fella. Just miss me, Slip. I don't like to live cruel. That you're so darn dirty. My kids don't allow to listen until they turn 30. My dad is my uncle. I am a fisters my eyes. I'm enrolled in skills just to get me a grand. I care a lot of this, Nicky Oaks. I think that the funny I got a bad sense of humor to make a hunker. I'm a funky. I'm a funky. I'm a funky little boy. I'm a funky. I'm a funky. I'm a funky little boy. Look at me do the box table of hey, look at this. Same ha ha, lot of them come over here and pull my fingers. It's 11.03 at 5.60. I got a hangover get to Rally 2. I got her at Koon Hotline at 6. The booster at 7 o'clock at 8. Here's the first hour's results in our pool. A lot of votes in the hour 49. You consider yourself very racist. Only 6 out of 49. 12% not racist at all. 16.32.6% and somewhat racist. 27.55.1%. It's a little over half of you say you're someone racist. Only six people say they're very racist like I consider myself. I'm a chronic fan of Bob who says yeah, but I'll be better. Bob your intentions are good. And just like I told you, I love these people tell me how I think and what they want to label me. Okay. Oh, he says you're not the racist. Very racist. You just prejudice like most people prejudice. Not racist. Can you explain the difference to me between prejudice and racist? Can you explain it to me? Pregnish doesn't necessarily mean race. You can be prejudice against any number of groups of people that has nothing to do with race. I'm not. Okay. Well, maybe a phonetical born again, not just Christians, but born again, a phonetical religious nuts. That's not a prejudice. That's what I think. Here. Why? Yeah, that's prejudice. Okay. Now, you do like Asians. I can't think of any Asian people I don't like. I love to course they're violent and terrorist and not just like the Chinese government, but other than that. Seriously. I see a prejudice person is like our team bunker. That's somebody who just doesn't like anybody like John Rocker. He's prejudice. He's entitled to be prejudice. And we shouldn't like make a big case out of him because you got a lot of company. He's prejudice. He's a bigot. So I'm not prejudice. I'm not a bigot. I don't dislike Cubans and Puerto Ricans. And the like I said, I deal with people is individuals. But when it comes to white and black, when it comes to race, that's where my problem. So that's why I'm saying I'm becoming very racist. Because I have. And of course, I will also admit. And I've said it many times before on his show. You've heard me say it. That America has so in its own seed because when you have a racist society, especially the education system, when you keep with the social promotion. And when you're not forcing young people to learn to speak English and giving the skills to get a job. And you're just calling them and moving them along. You know, that old Luther Campbell song is a liver. Does they want to be when you're doing that and you're promoting that? And you're saying hey, look at those dumb sparsars. Well, this is what you're going to get. So I do understand that. And that's tragic. It's unacceptable. Just like the, uh, one in the Sanities unacceptable. But we don't have politicians in this country dealing with important things. We have politicians dealing with who's the most anti-Catholic and who's the most anti-born again. Christian. Those are the really important things in America. As opposed to really making sure the kids get a real education. We have people like in this town worried about how we're going to get the money to build that billionaire or goddamn baseball stadium. That's the important thing. Not let's attack. Tech Mickey Harrison's god damn cruise ships and take the money and build some god damn good schools with that money and get some textbooks and feed the kids to decent lunch and make sure that they come home alive and not a goddamn box and have security. Let's not do those things. I'm going to tell you right now. This isn't Neil Rogers opinion. This is a fact. And that is the priorities in this country are all f-d up like Elvis and I've song. They're all f-d up. They're all screwed up. They're unacceptable. The only problem is the public accepts them because the public's like obsessed with crap. Like always pop out really a screw in and at the 18 year old figure skater or whatever tennis player whatever else he is. What is she? That honor corner hold you that's the 18 year old hot number that everybody's so what is she? That fucking bitch. Okay. So it's going to be interesting. We'll take this poll and it'll be just exactly what I expected. You know, it'll be even ill-I screen kind of result will get because most of you people can't tell the truth. 5 6 7 0 5 just like the thing with the orthodox Jews. We ever had one response like that embarrassing thing on 60 minutes a week ago Sunday that I got to head one call on that. And the rest of the Jews they bury their heads in a sand and they pretend that that doesn't exist. Wow, you know, we don't like the air are dirty laundry. We don't want to comment about that. Why not? Why the hell not? You would seem to me that you'd be lined up from here to the end of the world of combat about that and say, hey, don't put it to think you're at me. I'm not one of those barbarians from the Stone Age. I'm not one of those people forcing my kids to walk around with a beanie on his head. So everybody can point at him and laugh at him. I'm not one of those people rocking back and forth, dobbling act like something out of the guy. Forget about Stone Age. Nobody wants to talk about that because everybody is politically correct. Everybody's got their nose up to the year and God forbid somebody should see. I don't understand it on the website. I don't understand that at all. Because it's anonymous. We're not tracing you. We're not checking you out. We're not going to send somebody to knock on your door three in the morning and take your ass away or the rest of either. It's totally anonymous. So for once in your life, why not at least be honest. And express the way you really feel instead of just giving some bull crap, bullshmid answer that you expect to be given to make you an upstanding and decent individual. I happen to be a very upstanding, very decent individual and I'm becoming very racist. And not the least bit embarrassed to say that. Because I encountered too much trash, too much crap. Although I go back to what you said about prejudice, you know, train or far crash and those are white people. I despise those people. And again, that's a generalization. As individuals, I'm sure some of them are nice folks. If I met them on an individual basis, I'm sure that's it. I might like them and they're 20 or 30 kids or some of them anyway. Nine minutes after 11 at five, six and the sheep, of course, don't leave him out in the Billy goat. Nine minutes passed 11 at five, 60 W to Q up. The hammer, thank Goldberg. It passed you, Jagga. Please send him on. The crash is quite at you. And I hope you thought. I was so excited. I felt like I was getting a lap dance from Diane Lane. Two to six right here, or radio, five, six, two, eight, ten. Let me get out of the truck. I've done some ladies and gentlemen for your hug. Today you can step right up to the Neil Rogers table. For WQAF in the wheel and when a prize. Two, two, no, not that tight. The zero. The zero, man. Be sure. I can't get. It's the best. It's the best. But I remember how to lose this guy over here. My kid don't. Neil Hoof. Yeah, I didn't say spin the wheel. I said, who's Neil? Hey, Neil, how you doing? I said, y'all, you do, you just sit there. Let's get up in the dance and something, entertain. Come on. I got a digested shmuffin I had earlier. I'll see you here in watch. Come on. Get up. Start dancing for a step day. Tag your mind. I need a free top. I get my free top. I feel more in the kick. I'm going to be a little harder this time. Okay. And the wheel, too. It's 11.15 at 5.62. And President Clinton, the 13 children are killed by guns every day in America. Said that they'll see committing. Looking. Recipes the longest. I'm. I'm going to say. We need to public aroused on this. He said. He said Congress hasn't passed the legislation because the heat. He said the gun. That's right. He's dropped to its lowest level in 30 years. But it's still a high to any major country. 13. Yesterday we had old statistics. 13 children die from guns every day. And the United States is a higher child gun. That's right. Then the next 24 biggest countries combined. Put together. How do you like that? Let's hear it. We're number one guy. Damn it. And the next 24 countries. Not individually. But. Come by. 5. 5 6 7 0 5 60s that line for working today or is that not the number I have the phone from. Huh? Sounds a little bit like Porter line to be like with. I don't know. Well, find out. 5 6 7 0 5 50 pound. 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's my money. Hello. Hello. How are you doing today. Okay. I was going to your website the other day. And it pops my and Jaffa room. Where is she these days? What does that mean? It brought to my agenda for the. Well, because I was listening to. the sounds that you have ever. Yeah. And I was just wondering where she is. She is. Branch, it got. Is she one? She is. She is. She is. She is. Anyway, I'm also something else I was looking for on the website that Card about the lady thing you should have a girlfriend. Yeah. You guys could get it up. I appreciate it. Yeah. You were coming getting it up. Okay. And put you up. 560, pon 560 on the AT&T line. You're going to get up right where I left off here yesterday. And why should they be different from yesterday? Should it be different? No. Of course not. What are we getting for lunch? Why don't we get lunch? Huh? You tell me. Godfather's. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hello. Yes? I'm already new. Okay. I haven't talked in a while. Long while. And. Well, happy deleted anniversary. Thanks. Okay. It takes all kinds and all kinds of people in any race to be, to have bad seeds. What? It takes all kinds of things. What? That's a bad seed. That's a bad seed. That's a bad seed. That's a bad seed. That's a bad seed. That's a bad seed. Uh-huh. Scorts. Yeah. Okay. And you know what? And also I saw your friend Barbara Sloan in the TV commercial. I had to do a double take. I wasn't sure. Yeah. But she's doing some pain relief commercial. And I saw it on TV just because they screwed over a channel for. She's still trying to eliminate the pain. That was a while ago. Yeah. That was a long time ago. But I had to do a double take because I said, you know, any of that there's new power right there. You know, by the Sloan, you was, uh, you talked a lot and know a lot of bothersome. Might as well bring it to the attention she's doing commercial. No. All right. No. Okay. Take care. I have a great day. Ha ha ha ha. Five six, seven, five, six. Five, five, six, six, six, six, six, eight, ten, two, wireless line. They've got their tongue again today. Just like yesterday at my anniversary. Or you should have seen the hockey games. See, I'm not going to come on to you anymore. I'm just going to hang out with the hockey games. I'm a big star there. They all love me there. They're peeing on my leg. They're peeing on my, uh, I don't know. Over me, man. I'm changing my underwear and they just keep peeing and peeing and peeing. And all in by the way, speaking of peeing. I'm so glad I segue into this. As much as I appreciate all the nice things they did for me last night and the cake and the wine and all that stuff. I got to say this. Have you ever in your life heard of going to a sporting event and seeing people being sold beer in a bottle? Are you following this? And a ballpark, you've ever got to a ballpark? It cups of beer, right? Cups. No. Bottles at the National Anthocenter. Yeah. Now those are going to look real good when they start throwing those on the ice. They're hitting somebody over the head with them when they get into a battle. You know, you guys are out of your mind there. The people had run that organization. I don't know what they're having your thinking about. They must go back to our friend Saligan, Mr. Concession Hot Shot. And by the way, Salar, we've never gave the cake to Jocac Stillow and his lovely fiance. Janina is, I hope that there's still a live today, but nevertheless, we figured if they survived it. I'm supposed to tell you those bottles are plastic. Yeah. And for what it's worth. And can't they still throw those on the ice? Of course, I guess they can still throw the cup on the ice. But I don't think they're going to do that. Oh, they're plastic bottles. Okay. And of course, having a plastic bottle is good because then when you don't have to give you the cup, it's like when you get a soda. If you want to live on it, do you want to live? Of course, you got to buy it outside. There's some good stuff out on the corner. But if you want to put a lid on it, you got to put your own lid on there and take your own straw. Which should be the last straw. Because if you don't, if you're one of those people that likes it, open and you're a container too, then you don't have to worry about spending the extra tenth of a cent to give you a goddamn live for your soda. Chief, Chief, Chief, Chief, Chief, Chief, Chief, Chief, Chief, Antigrades, probably because of those cut-right prices right now. Yeah, that's what it is. Because there's such bargains there at the concession stand. I got two words for Wayne Hypinga. Okay. Chief, prick. Those are my two words. What do we get? We call them Godfather's. Yeah, let's get the bacon cheese burger. Whatever that is. Huh? That will teach pony tail to be picking on them again. No, seriously. I sometimes in life, we love pony tail. We love pizza off their great. We love their food, but he was belly aching a little bit there, not too indirectly yesterday. Everybody heard what he said on his show. I didn't say shit. Yeah, that's the is what you said. A pile of it. We can still smell it. Just like Rimmer calling in yesterday, you sure heard of me yesterday after don't. Winding in hysterical and his wife. My good friends over there up there in coral spray. Winding like a child. You're going to pick on my good buddy Joe Bowen. I'm going to rip you in there. Okay, remember it's as simple as that. You were wonderful human being some of the time. But I mean, that's just the way it is. Even if you do work with that dumb frog. Here's a call in Parkland. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Great. You talk about this a couple weeks ago. Why do people about station used to make names? Meaning what? Like does that have 18 dudes? What we're talking about today's shirt and what does not have an ice life? 560560. Why is this guy using a fake name because he's an asshole? Yeah, that's his name. A-H. Here's Boiton Beach. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Neil, when it comes to the race card. Oh, the race card. The media plays a great role and I'll give you an idea. This morning I turned on seeing and then they showed the Pennsylvania shooting. Yeah. What they mentioned was that it was racism. Neil, they did not mention that a black man had shot three whites. Yeah. He said, I'm not going to kill any black folks. I'm going to go kill all white people as what he said. That was never mentioned. And when they were not doing his door knob fast enough or whatever they were fixing in his apartment, he said, you're all white trash racist things to the maintenance workers. And that was never mentioned. Why not? Why because the media, the media can eat cell battling as busy covering this up. Which is why it took so long for us to get the picture of the father of this little 6-year-old kid that shot and murdered the white girl. No, let me ask you this, Neil. I don't know why they have to wait because there's not any white people riding out there in the street last time I've seen it. No. No. No. I know I agree with you. Why people trying to make it into a racial thing? Let me ask you this, if it would have been a white little 6-year-old boy shooting a black girl. Oh boy. Or Neil, if it was a white guy, I guess. I guess for a Jesse Jackson will be right there right now. He'll be accompanying on it. The media plays up to them, Neil. The media is the enemy. He really don't do the job right. They don't tell what as it is. Yeah. They try to. Of course, I think it's just how about religion. Is the media telling like it is about religion? They tell what they want to tell it. They give you politically correct because they're terrified. They're not going to say anything to piss off the Pope. When the Pope goes to slap it somewhere, they cover it like it's a beauty page. Like a cheerleader. They cover a news story with any objectivity. Why have respect for you, Neil, because you know what no matter which way it is, you tell it as it is. That's right. And these people, meantime, you notice how nervous these people are. They try to divert the attention to anything else. It changes the subject because this is something that they can't talk honestly about. Exactly. Exactly. And have a great day. And screw the media because they're sick and there are a bunch of liars and cowards and phony's and fakers. Oh, yeah. Well, the liberal media, we're also open minded and brought mine to air. Right. Just like I said when the John Rockers story when that interview first came out in sports illustrated, he wasn't saying anything that a hell of a lot of you don't say every goddamn day of your lives about niggers and fags and kikes and spit some whatever else it is that you don't happen to like. So don't feed me that crap. I'm trying to think of how many people I ever worked for in this business. We didn't talk about the EEO and the minority hiring. They have to do it about spows and spows and all this other crap. Spows and spows. Which doesn't mean that they're like extremely racist, but the spows and spows. It speaks for a shell. Doesn't it? That's what the spokesman said. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. See, I'm trying to get people to like open up and be honest. They're going to do it. No. Because somebody might recognize divorce and that makes them a bad person to be honest and tell how they really feel. Because if it ain't politically correct then they're a bastard. They're a prick. Here's Conmer Red, Chela. Yes sir. Mr. Neil. Yes, I am. Hi. Mr. Wilson and K. for a long time since about 85. Yes sir. This is my third call. Okay. I want to first off, I want to say George does a good job on your off-sense. Yeah. If you're intellectual, callers ripped up to a frenzy. He's a good man. On the race issue, me personally, if I meet somebody, I either like him or I don't. Right. There you go. There you go. His individuals, right. Well, it's simple. I don't think it's that complicated. Right. You either like someone you don't. Hmm. With all the sicknesses. I don't know. I'm a little nervous. I've never left. Well, um, got to say, go. Let me see. I'm a little nervous. I've never called. I already will be for it. But now I'm the rest. Yeah, don't snort. Don't snort. Okay. Well, so I got all the right thing. Mr. Carl. 26 after 11 at 5. 50 WQM 5. 6705. 60. 5. 50. 50. 50. You get a hold of God. I'm not. I've never actually looked at them. I've never been around looking around just to call them up and see if our buddy is there, which I forget his name. Do we know what his name is anymore? It's been so long. Scott. The guy buddy Scott loves me. He's obsessed. Right away, my, along guy Scott was a hockey game last night. I forgot to give him one of those. Come on, Scott. Come on back. It's not too late. All the way to see on say was with him. She wouldn't have minded. Well, kiss on the lips. 26 passed 11 at QM. 7. Very good. I used to. You tried the breath-pressing tablets to give you mythical breath all day long. Get out of my way. You old hag. Oh, what kind of breath you have, Gary? Now from the same genius company comes the next logical step in personal hygiene. It's the sweet gas aroma sweetener. You guessed it. It's the world's first repository designed to crawl your smell. So I was thinking if we could. Oh, there it. Why did you? Hey, hey, that smells pretty good. Do it again. Hey, hey, come here. This is great. Come here. Take a whiff of nails. The sweet gas aroma sweetener. In the repository form and look for the new beday system coming soon. Okay, it's 1131 at 5.60 WM. Happy Thursday, 2. It's a great day for the Irish. As long as we're talking about a bigger tree, of course. You know, about Al Golstein. You know, that thing with Norm Kent calling him yesterday. That was very irritating, you know what? That was annoying. Stick it as nose in again. Try to be helpful where we don't want his help. Like drag any old lady across the street. You know, I'm saying Norm Kent got the craft. I mean, what was the point of that? I hate the Irish. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile informe. Hello. Hey, there. How are you doing today? Great. Hey, listen, a long time pollock first time call. All right. Oh, we haven't gotten them yet. Oh. Hey, was it near the whole thing is the racist. The turn doesn't mean anything anymore. Yeah. It's it's it's it's. I don't know what is it. What did be? It's because, uh, I don't know. I'm called a racist for being against affirmative action. Yeah. And what's affirmative action? What affirmative action is affirmative action is unfair. Well, yeah, right. It's, it's prejudiced. I'm quite, better, better juice. If you, affirmative action means giving special proof. Right. I'm trying to do the racial, you see a national privilege is the people because you try to make up for crap that happened three hundred years ago. You know, it means that again, more of a sort of fact. It's supposed you were online to super market. Okay. Over there in four miles. Of course, you went to the supermarket and he had your 15 or 20 items in your basket. And you went to the line. All of a sudden, some dark, complexed person said, oh, excuse me. But we have affirmative action that the supermarket counter now because I'm black and I've discriminated against the use that to set it on the back of the bus. I'm going ahead of you. I'm going to the front of the line now. What would you think? Well, I think from the action. You know, it's, it's, it's just so watered down. It's, I crying wolf. It's been called, you can't think of Schletz anymore. That being called, you know, racist. Right. A couple of the things. Well, I don't get a laundry mat the other day. They call it a racist laundry mat because they're assigned the same separate you watch from your culence. Oh, okay, pal. Hey, Daniel. You're hired. All right, guys. Okay. Here's your start in the evenings on whatever the 770. Oh, somebody was telling me yesterday about the crappy signal. I've got, we already know that. 560, 560, Pond 560 on the AT&T, where those line are out of town line and four miles in the vise. Do you think there's any black people we live in four miles? No, one or two like that kind of call before. And he's only on the run from poor Charlotte. Yeah, he's just easy between stops. Wait till he finds himself in, what's the place out there on the alligator rally? Where are the Indians are? Amocally? Amocally. Yeah, that's kind of an interesting mix of people through there, like Indians, red necks. Indians and red necks, that's a strange mix isn't it? And he's farce is in there too. And amocally maybe we'll get a call from him. Amocally we'll find out how they're doing it. How they're experiment. They're social experiment be working over there. 560, 750, 550, because this experiment in America, which is what it is, it's not working. Is it working? No, absolutely not. And I have in the past condemned black leaders who are really not interested in integration, but are mortars didn't separate, but equally, you know, what's wrong with separate but equal? Huh? Is there something wrong with that basically? By the way, it's got powers on the way yet? What's wrong with separate but equal? We pick out the states where we want? Or we don't want, actually. Now you said that and guess what? You can have North Carolina without your Yahoo Redneck friends. You can have that. I need to write the Redneck. What is it about? It's about the mountain in the woods. Yeah. Oh, that's what they used to say in Aintree, too, by the way. We don't go there for that. That's what they said in Aintree on the Kuhua-A-Washi River about the beautiful scenery. They can be dealt with. And all them leap in lizards. You know the ones I'm talking about? Yeah. They're easily avoided. 560, 750, 550, 550 on the E-T and what? With a bone arrow? Here's Carl Springs. Hello? Hi, Neil? Yes, sir. First thing I'd like to thank you for being so nice to my son yesterday when he came to you at the hockey game and said, happy anniversary. Appreciate that. Right. Well, why wouldn't I be? Well, you were a nice guy. Yes, I am. And I just thought I'd say thank you. Well, thank you. And I feel like Victor Coslov had a wonderful game. And for you, I'm sorry to want to know. I didn't expect him to win last night. I already had a six feeling. Especially when I saw the monk in the bell, we're gone. I knew we were in big trouble. At least we're like, you know, a minute. See, Thomas wasn't there. The meat trick, Chris didn't play. Barres and Zagni. You know, this was like a shell of the team and they weren't in a work. Absolutely. I'm not making excuses, but they really, you could see that they really were not into that game last night. But more importantly, I agree with the caller a few minutes ago, we said that the press is one of this country's worst enemies. Yes. It practically ruined a very, very good sports announcer back in the early 60s by the name of Mel Allen. When it wasn't the thing to do to come out of the closet, the press leaked that team was in the closet. Right. And it's caused the misjotted thing, Ankees. You know, it's really interesting because it never really came to light the real reason that he got canned. But that is the reason. Is it really? I never knew that. I mean, I knew that he was pretty, I didn't know that I had heard that he was gay, but I never really knew that. But that's interesting. It's actually the reason I have a close friend who was a poor bar at his funeral up in Connecticut. Right. And he told me the story and it was the press that leaked it to the Ankees management and it caused the misjotted. Isn't that beautiful? What a country, huh? Uh-huh. Thank you, sir. Thanks for the good news. So that just reconfirms what I always thought, but I never realized he lost his job because of that. How do you like that? So in other words, if you're a fag at America, even though he had the greatest of what you do in that case, I would say along with Bob Prince, they were the two greatest baseball announces ever. Mel Allen and Bob Prince, everybody agree with that. But if they got a brain. But because they discovered he was a fag after all those years, he just vanished. And nobody ever told him why he was can. I remember him saying that in those interviews. And then all of a sudden he made it back on his weekend baseball because it came less politically and correct. I have a fag and put him on here just like Mar-Ralbert made it come back, even though he made those biting remarks. So this country is loaded with prejudice. Loaded. Fill with it. So I say to make up for the, all these, I say affirmative action. Let's give the fags all the good jobs now. For all these 100 views, we already got them. See, that's another thing. Just because you're discriminated against, just because you have to face prejudice, does that mean that you got excuses? No. You can't, I hate to use that all the expression about lifting yourself up by the booster abs, because that's it. It's cutting silly cliche, but nevertheless, can't you lift yourself up by the bootstraps? Yeah. And get a brain and discover for yourself what's important and how you get ahead. I'll head. You don't get ahead by being illiterate in being belligerent. That doesn't get the job done. And shift was in lazy, you know, and I'm not making any stereotypes. Am I? Oh, I am. But nevertheless. So how come the Jews? How come the fags? How come the Italians? How come all these different groups that have been discriminated against through the centuries? How come somehow they come over to you, why not? And they make their thing in their successful? How is that possible? And nobody in those groups says, oh, put me at the front of the line because I've suffered discrimination and prejudice. And I had to change my name back in the 40s and 50s because that was a Jew. Nobody says that. Nobody says give me give me give me give me. They say, here I am. This is what I got. And guess what? I'm a lot more qualified than you. You don't get to the back of the place. I'm taking the job because I'm the one that's going to get hurt because I got a brain. Bill Gates with all those billions of dollars. Does anybody care if he's, uh, well, what is religion? His race and anything else? No, nobody gives a crap about that. Just like Godfather is the CEO of Godfather. This is a black guy. So how do you like that? We can get pizza from a whole bunch of Jews or a black guy today. We're getting pizza from a black guy. Am I right? Yep. And doesn't that make me a little less bigoted less racist? No, oh, oh. Well, I thought I'd try. 21 till noon is 560 WQM 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. Florida Suncoast Aviation wants you to try something new and exciting with your life. Learn to fly. Like, uh, West Life. Or like, uh, what's your name? Learning to fly? Who's that by the, uh, come on real quick. Learn to fly. Yeah, boy. But, uh, by Pink Floyd. They had a song called Learning to Fly by, uh, the, uh, the video that we see every day, 500 times on here. Maybe you. Only cow errands coming. You know, I'm as the staple of MSNBC News. And now, the long way to see these here. The Ramsay sings their favorite. They destroy it. Well, we're not dragging, but we feel the daughter and add a dump on it to write the authority with plenty of sobering. We should decide to kill a bear. Oh, right. No, no, no. Show, we don't know who's crack. Crack has gone in the room in the room. Listen, rather good. Sorry. In the room. Get the tickets for the fly. Hack the fries. Not much time. You know fries. Won't expect a diet. You can catch faster. You might be too hungry. Yes, it's so round. Think of their favorite beach boy. Now available from guilty pleasure records. Well, why not? Oh, really? What Jeff Cole was just about to tell us something really interesting. What happened to be in the neighborhood and said, she, I think I'll stop by and try some of that odd father's. Right. It's not here yet. You'll be gone before it gets here. Check out. Whether you want to or not. So, who did you want to give her free plug to? She can get something for free. Palm Beach, the Coty, motorcycle dealership, Bob. Yeah. So, because of care, I mean, because he knows you listen to your show. Great. That's for you, Bob. And let me tell you something. Anyone that's a little bored with life. So, if you'll have Pucker again. Feel white. The Pucker. Want to do what? Feel that Pucker. Want to do Pucker. Want to do Pucker again. Get yourself a little cross rocket. I didn't say shit. Which is, you know, sport bike. Awesome, especially the Coty's killer. You know, it's how you drop it in a little line that cracks rocket. You know, you're not fooling us with this code that you come on here and talk to this built that you speak on here here. No. Crotch rocket. I didn't say shit. That would they call them. How about a pocket rocket? That might work, but. Cloth. You know, they're in your crotch. Whatever you say. No. When you have crotch on your mind a lot, you've come from the pizza lock. All right. There's the feed plug for Jeff. The feed plug for the guy with a bike and Cisco foods the best food company around. That are not to be confused with Cisco instruments, by the way, which stock is going through the roof. But nevertheless, it's the CYS CEO and my career. Mr. Brown, a lawns-o all these guys that haven't invited me on the trip again. This sure, you know, it's that time again. Why not? I don't know. I thought you went to Martin Rauh with them, which is already over. That was, no, that this year they're doing something else. Each year they've got somewhere else. Puerto Rico was the best trip. Really? New Orleans was pretty good, too. See, George is getting like, Blirri, I, when you said Puerto Rico, I got a really ugly look on his post when you said that. That was nice. Hate Puerto Ricans, like poison. So did you do any Puerto Ricans while you were there? No. Why not? That was married at the time. Oh. But if you get a chance to go on this trip, absolutely. Anybody that's moving, okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Let's talk about Godfather's now good at it. Maybe stick a lot of human. It's okay. Of course, I'm turning that off because you might say, I didn't say shit again. Did you get any repercussions about that? Same that on here. Not at all. No, because I've done a lot of worst things that have been said. Like what? Right? By whom? By us? Like what? Like what? Like what? To revisit them? Worst things, then. I didn't say shit. And shit. Right. You know what? You know what? I got for the first time. One of the ladies. Yeah. I never had used one before. Well, I got a new one. I'm really, really excited. I'm really grateful to a Wobbasharve here. Right. But it's good to go against those diseases too. When you're spreading around a little bit too thin. We're not going to cook that. I just know that it was definitely pretty awesome. Yeah. Rhymes with spray. Okay. Get out of here before we go any further. I think this thing really sick. Okay. First it's the pencil for the needle of vibrators. Now he's got a bidet. He's moving up to the spectrum. God willing. No. And what was it? The cracks rocket. I'm going to put one in my mouth. One. As a matter of fact, when you go to pizza law next time, maybe with your delicious Andre, you might want to order a little cracks rocket on the side. You never know what pops up at the pizza law. I'm going to start doing real kicky spots for your spots from now on. No fool, just sex. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I knew. Yes. Happy belated. I mean, first of all. Thank you so much. Yeah. This is Paul. Oh, like I said, I don't think, no, we're in hell. Where are you? Paul. How are you? I said, where were you Saturday that you were supposed to come by? The problem I could not find a place. I'm not used to for a lot of the, I could not find a place. And what, my life's the problem. It's not in for a lot of it. It was in Hollywood, Paul. Yes, somebody needs to give you a roadmap and a compass. Yeah. And so take it back to camera room. No, why that? No, I don't want to go back. Good. I knew that. No, I love video. I love video. And on this, a similar action. Do you know what? Do you know the solution? Solutions for why? A similar action? Yeah. You know, most of these came when they put out these streets into college and when they get into college, they can make it in the throne of guess who they would lose by that year. I'm listening, Paul. The black team that got into college to affirm their is action. When they get it, they can make it. How about if we just start 600 more NBA teams. You think they might help? It probably. Okay. Well, listen, hang in there, Paul. Yes. And thanks for getting lost. Not coming by. I'm not going to be a little bit too long. Okay. Nobody else came to see us under the age of 300. We had a couple. You know, I don't want to make it sound like last Saturday was a bizarre. Oh, you had to be there to see it to believe it. You really had to be there. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line out of town lines. Wait, Nanya. It's wide open. It's sitting there waiting for some provocative statements out there on these things that are going on. Does anybody as on is anything to say? No. 877, 785, 6345. I'm really embarrassed for this crowd today. Yesterday was embarrassed for myself. I'm embarrassed for you people today. Here's Waltmaner. Hello. Hey Niel. Yes, sir. Thank you for remembering Bob Prince. What a great guy he was. Yeah. Speaking of my hometown of Pittsburgh. I know I got online to read the Pittsburgh Post. Because that about this horrible killing today. And the article says, the thirties are investigating the possibility that the crime may have been a hate crime. Yeah. I'm not going to shoot you on the black lady. I'm just going to shoot all white people. And you told the amagnets workers you're all white trash racist. Exactly. And later in the story, it quotes in saying that that somehow it just may have been a possibility. Yeah. New York. Three times this past week. People have been victimized including a little kid that got dragged. That's in Kansas City. The little girl that got shot in Michigan. Right. And now these white people have six or six shots. Right. All victimized by, you know, people that are minorities. Nobody's out crying. You know, they're killing our children. What are they doing? You know, somebody stopped and white people. And the media is scared, schmittless to a even suggested their mediums. That there are racist of color, racist other than white people. Just remember one thing. So are only white people are racist. Exactly. Don't ever forget that. And when the guy got dragged to death in Texas, they led the story with three two white men convicteding the dragging death of a black man. Right. That was fine. Meanwhile, here in the banana or public, I turn on channel 10 to six o'clock. Cause I want to see the horrible news about this shooting. And what do they lead with? A much heavier mirror Lisa and the Ilion fog. That's what they lead with. Oh, yeah. Something I saw that bitch for 30 seconds on there yesterday. I'm going to tell you something. I got the solution for that whole deal. Let the kids stay here. But make sure he goes to a family like in North Dakota. And as far away from that bitch is humanly possible. Let him stay here. Say, screw for Dell. But screw that family to that bitch. He makes mean nauseous. He got as much credibility as sister. Genie there. Yeah. They're two sister. Genie from the magic bottle. But they're all black. But they're all black. I just want to say if some of these parents would put as much effort into raising their children. They can do to picking fancy clever names for them first names. I think we'd all be a lot better off. You wouldn't walk into a fast food place in place your order and not even be able to understand the person on the other side of the cash. There you go. And go up here. What do you be saying? You got it. All right. Take your meal. So, so five six seven. Five sixty. Pond five sixty on the AT&T line. Lot of open lines here today. audience is very uncomfortable with this. Let's talk about something they can relate to. Okay. Like food. Something that they can deal with very comfortably without getting all this pressure on them. They're having a opinion about something like being blown away. About minorities, Wailon and screaming and she's up to me. They leave it up to me to say all of these things. Even though most of the people have the end of this poll that we're taking. I'm going to tell you, oh, you know, I'll look at it tonight. And then again, give me the results tomorrow. I'm not buying it. The first thing that comes to mind when I see the first hours results on our poll today on our website is LiarLiR or pants on fire. That's what comes to mind mind. Because you just don't say these things because you know, you're money. And this is anonymous. That's the best part of it. It's on a guy named Internet. Anonymous. And it's still lying because they've been conditioned to lie. Oh, well, we can't say that. We're not very racist. They're how you're not. In fact, most of you are more racist than I am. And I'm as racist as I want to be. Like the song says. Five six seven. Oh, five. Although I do like Luther Campbell. Not like to hang out with just like, you know, listen to that crappy music once in a while. Because he pisses everybody off, including Lackey Jackie. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hello. How many young black men? First time calling? Yes, sir. I have to go with you almost 100% of the revenue you saved. What a thought. What is it? All every institute is run by white people. How many people get in? Get in to what? Why people are charging them? Get in to what? Any, how many college? How can black people get in the college? Very simple. Very simple. One fast and jump high. Maybe those are the answers for you. That was a complicated question. One simple. Run fast. Jump high. Get in the college. Like things like you never saw. Faster than I got them free train. Faster than you can say Jack Spratt. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I mean, this is another hot one to me. Take a look at the athletes by the way. Take an up space in college. All these upstanding athletes who are busy getting big discounts and dealers by the way. Which got on and knows they can use some business. But nevertheless. Yeah. Take an up space that intelligent people of any color might be taken. Who've got a brain. They're all they jump fast and run high. Or how about a heli goes. Is the other way around maybe? Something like that. Much of bullcraft. And that's the message. That's the big lie out there to young black Americans. Oh, yeah. You're going to be an NFL. You're going to be an NBA. You're going to be a major league baseball player. Is that going to happen? Oh, you bet your sweet ass that they're going to happen. Get a brain. Right. T-sale. Yeah. You tell them T-sale. Get a brain. Even Jeff Cohen wouldn't be breaking into some guy damn bitches apartment 5 30 in a morning. To go in and take a look. You might be going into some else. But he sure is how wouldn't break into the screen. When to go take a look. What do you bet you sweet ass he wouldn't? To take a peek. 5 6 7 0 5 60. On the AT&T wireless line. And then the thing that we had somebody on there. We have a whole bunch of people like Joe Rose there. Mr. Jackson. Oh, he hangs out with a boy. You know, they said this about that bitch. But I mean, but I'm going to be a. Oh, yeah, Joe. Talk about rocket science. There's a guy whose middle name is. That's him Joe Rose. Good guy. But yeah. What am I getting all worked up about just because he came here in the start and talking about your crap. Hey, listen, you'll love Godfather's. It's great is what I'm here. It's right there by the head station on DV Road extension right by 5 95. In fact, it's like connected with the head. He's going inside. And you get a lot of gas. Which by the way, the price of gas lately. You might want to load up on the pizza instead of the gas. Hey, and you think twice. Bradford's never going to give me any. Pompito park copy by the way. Oh, no. Here's another deal. I mentioned this to our illustrious program director yesterday. Maybe I forgot to mention this one to Troy Strattford. Can you get the job done? Oh, no. He's a good guy. A little bit on the dark side, but not too dark. Light enough for me. But nevertheless, can't you can get the job done? Oh, no. Refuses. And that's the little refusal. Do I have the schedule for Simon Cancey? Can't you get Pompito park for the month of March? No. Oh, here's March second. I still don't have it. I'll tell you what I got. I got squat is what I got. Yeah. Try to do a job for you. People that pay your hard earned money here at QM, to this station care, to screw in, give a crap. Oh, no. No, she don't give a crap. She's too busy doing whatever she's doing. Yeah, squat on it. The meal rots your show. Sports radio. 560. You. Hey. And. Don't you do. Hey. I'm a bad boy. What's the water day? Oh, my. You think what? What? Think what? Think what? Think what? The kitchen is, what's the job for the twin do you see? There's not a much smarter! Theie. You don't think what? You don't think what's better and the accountant's cold. I can't block that cotten like a vitamin, but got inferior, but got engaged in bulletin straws. And my husband said what tuna went really crazy because people got You're at the sky. Walk at the sky. Don't you think you're not in. Nothing's so pale, crying. Fuck. It's blue, eh. You think the picture's banged, you got it. I spat your head and bruised your body the way you live. Screw it. You could've not pulled your legs in strong. You'd carry their body to hold it in no fair if it's wrong. You found it, you lied. You just beat the sun. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. You got it. So Jeff Collins says that he won't lose weight exercise. He's so hot in again. He's peeling the exercise. He says went and out pulled it out and moved it. What he said. I didn't say shit. Something like that. He's going to be lying. Out of town line for people of any color, 87775, 6345. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Yes sir. We are going to come over my body. I wish you would have the anniversary, but they will lose it. So we didn't want to bug you. But happy anniversary. Thanks. What is the fact they're losing to have to do with it? I don't know. But they don't win every game. It wouldn't be the first time to make a leave. I don't know. We just want to bug you. Happy anniversary. Second thing. I got nailed by a poor for the morning. Find out this morning. My girlfriend says grandma died. We're running around running. We're running some errands. We're running some errands. We're running some errands. We're running some errands. We're running some errands. We're running some errands. We're running some errands. We're running some errands. We're running some errands. We're running some errands. We're running some errands. We're running some errands. We're running some errands. We're running some errands. And you go go where's my husband? You go llama Be family? But what are we going to learn? Fine, you know. I think you'll get out of it. If I get out of it, if I could has... Beb, my doughnut. I mean, it's just so... It's insulting. And if it's quilting, I always... I can't... to a Jewish person, same with whoever. I mean, we all grew people in stereotype to an extent, but when I have to work with someone, they get along the thing I get along with them, and the funnel, I come, it doesn't matter who the heck they look like or what they are. Yeah, if you take that close back to the individual thing, yeah, I grew with the heck, we have people as individuals, but in terms of the way you generally feel, I mean, please, you, you, you've got to admit that there are differences between people, you know, personally, and the way you generally feel about groups of people, even though we shouldn't lump everybody together. But you're one of the best, I know that. The way it just natural. You're one, and I don't know how there is an a person unless they were raised by, you know, perfect parents or have perfect friends, it's just, you, it's impossible not to have those built in like you just said the generalization for the stereotypes, but when you deal with someone on a one-on-one, you deal with them the way you feel. Okay, I have a great day, thanks. Didn't you just say that already? Okay, three times, okay, thanks. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T, where I was lying. Out in town line, 877-785-6345. 877-785 Neil. Our poll question today on the website on newwirages.com is, you consider yourself very racist, somewhat racist or not racist at all. Jeff Cohen's going to be answering that shortly here on the air. Let's go to Miami, hello. Yeah, hi, Neil, that agree with you. Cause, I mean, if you, somebody, some blasts out, somebody blacks out. Is you starting to run away? I think you're close from the sound of it. Well, John, what can we comment about my notice, right? Yeah. Somebody makes comments with them, let's say, let's see what you want to call. Areyons, white people? Areyons? Areyons, white people. Yeah. He's not going to get trouble, let's see, black. Let's go for something. Is this discriminating against, um, that's what I'm trying to say here today is that we got a separate set of standards. How about all the things that Charles Berkeley has said? How about the comments, the homophobic things that read you why? That we got a double set of standards. We got black people can say anything they want no matter how big it is, no matter how on a face of it, prejudice that may be, that's okay. But if a white person says something like John Rocker because he happens to be a cracker redneck, then right away, we're going to suspend them. We're going to find him. We're going to make a big case on him. We're going to throw batteries in his head off, which they were already doing in the New York before he said anything, by the way. This is America for you. But you hypocrite, much of liars, a bunch of freaking phonys for it. That's America. That's where I was politically correct, bullshit, McCain from. Oh, you can't say that. That's politically incorrect, which by the way is one horrendous bad show. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. There's nothing like I've told you before, worse than somebody trying to be funny, who's not that's Bill Mar. Somebody trying very hard to be funny, who isn't even slightly amusing. Maybe funny looking, but not funny. Is he funny? No. No. Here's a lady mobile in Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, me, all listen. I've been listening to you for a long, long time. And today is my first time calling. And you made a comment about, you just talked about American school to college on maybe at the McSally. I didn't say that. Well, you say they either can stop or. Okay, that's the young black man called me. He says, how do we get in? And I gave him the answer. Okay, well, let me tell you this here. I have two daughters that finish college. One went to college, FSU on academic scholarship. And one went on a basketball scholarship. And both of them have master's degree. And they're doing quite well. Right. So sometimes it does work out well for them to go to school. Everybody, I mean, those not as fortunate as other. And I think you stereotype too much, they African Americans, you know? Oh, my daughter is a good one. The answer is, I mean, I was obviously being sarcastic, but the answer is get yourself an education and get a brain. And if you're qualified, you can go. It's just simple as that. It's not rocket science anymore. Exactly. Well, both of them had science. So one of them was on academic and one of them was on a scholarship. Of course. And they're doing that. Excuse me? Can she jump high? One of them can jump high. Is that why? Is that why? I hope she can jump high. And in other words, I wasn't completely wrong. And right? That's how she went to school. That's how she got her education. I mean, able to jump high. And she has a master. And she's teaching and she's doing quite well. Well, that's excellent. Yeah. Well, you know, kind of choose your choice of words sometimes. You know, don't criticize because like because they go to school on an uh, uh, uh, athletic scholarship. Because from above, I'm doing quite well when they go to school on an athletic scholarship. You think I have a brain, right? Just like why do you think I have a brain? I'm not saying that right. I'm not saying that blacks aren't the only people that go to school at, uh, athletic scholarships that are dumb. There's plenty of white kids that are more on students that can have athletic scholarship. Exactly. And they're dumb too. Exactly. You have some that are watching. I'm going to ask like Cecil said, I hope you can run fast. Cause, and have a great day, sweetheart. Use your stereotype. Okay. See. Did she say I stereotype? I thought I was being very nice to her at the end. I even called her sweet. Well, I'll take that back. Okay. Have a nice day, period. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Have a nice period, honey. She ain't having a more period. And 87, seven, seven, seven, eight, five, sixty, three, forty, five. I mean, so great. I'm very happy for her. She's got two bright kids and the one girl she jumps high and, uh, she'd have asked if she was a lesbian. By the way, she placed a basketball. What? Well, what's wrong with that? You would assume that actually if she's, oh, it's big and less being, I had a very nice, uh, young lady who's not, she's a hockey player. But she's not a lesbian. Not a bike. Came by with her husband or boyfriend or both and said, uh, happy anniversary last night. She's a nice car to talk to him. I was big there last night. I don't care what happened on this show yesterday was really weak. But anyway, she also says, uh, you have very good taste and then she says, you can have Whitney, I'll take Carlos law of his, what Kim says. Okay. It's done. Yeah, it's all done. It's, uh, nine minutes after noon at five, sixty wq a.n. One million times per meal of all this even the years. I've never never thought I'd find it because I'm a, I've been, with around these days. You know, the classic set of wheels mixed up the way of another food, the high degrees. Now if it's in the China, then the critters go and the gas to the masses, I doesn't tell a liquid cherry yoke. All the evening. Because we can call out a cherry cherry if we maybe be, all the babies. China, they don't know that it's maybe she, since the success of this shit now, so one bounce down the road in the pit. That is super tall, ladies. Now with the authors, I'm so confused, I've been a man to teach him the praise. I'm ninety-seven, three-nine, I'll bow to Carlos, you know, she's your looking pot. Now he's my baby, Daniel, that's all I'm baby. All the good for Donald Trump and Jerry, you'd be busy for this y'all. They're pretty busy. Chinese people, they'll be doing this. It's fairly busy. Yoke. I've got my wind those down, and I'm not hard somebody's baby, because they're easy don't want no rain. It's very precious, I'll see you start to smell the innocent, I'll see you looking at the whole good time. Now I'm back to you find the China Granted, I like that, and that's my coffee, I'm a dude who's having a washing it with all the wrongs. Now you need to monitor a Governor for the long and ready to talk about� Thanks for coming my bitch Obama. You<|cy|> all gity up Lord Boden! You lose your pressure All race will neverус you I'm going to tell you need to monitor every word this man says. I didn't say. Oh God. 567. Oh, 560. Remember the one time you're in here, of course, we got this cheesy board here, which the the one guest microphone. I have a lot like a whole bunch of guests, Mike's like in the sports room. Oh, no, I got one crappy guest mic and it's like on a at the same pot with the with one of the CD players over here. So in other words, if I don't press the the one button here, it stays on. Now, wouldn't you be right in the face right now? If you would have thought it would be like the last 15 minutes like that other time. And you were saying like, uh, yeah, I didn't say. Jeff called from the pizza law of waiting for Godfather's by the way, starving to that. Where are they? I don't want to start getting pushy without the oven. Scott over there. See what you're going to do is you're going to sour relationship with those good people over there. They're wonderful folks. And of course, you remember our friend Rudolph Hess. 567. Oh, 560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T line. 877 785 6345 out of town. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm a racist in the big it. Yeah. When I came to Florida 25 years ago, I was a wide idol liberal. Yeah, I was for every cause you can imagine. Right. Treat kissing all hugging in the whole nine yards. So down here in South Florida, I think, don't forget the man to tease. I've down here in Florida. I don't know what they what it did, but I learned to hate black really. I learned to hate Spanish. Yeah. How about how about old Jews? I don't know too much about Jews. Oh, you can old ones. If I get to I admit, you're in Hollywood. You don't know too much about old Jews? Well, you're right. I should get off. Well, you must not get out too much. You're right. Wow. Is that mean that the smell of smell of high does that mean that you know? Now you're starting to catch on. Are you getting the call? Oh, I see. But anyhow, I don't give to any charity. Right. I give the only charity. I give to the animals. I hate small children. Yeah. And I can't stand these things with the rest, getting all these all these illiterate animals in Africa to save them. I don't save them for what? They're going to die any of them. For dinner? Some diseases and stuff like that. Yeah. Thank God. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for having a nice day. Okay. That was John Rocker's dad calling into a Linda to sound in, as they say. 567. 0560. What the hell was that? That sounded like our fax machine acting up again. 567. 0560. I'd just say that kind of hard to tell. Here's a mobile and hollywood. Hello. See, that guy was full of hate, huh? No. Neil, how you doing? Happy anniversary. Happy you've started your 2050 year. And I was calling to put in my, actually I was probably the call from Jeff Cohen talking about the Cratch Rockets. He's right about that. That's what they call the little imported bikes, the Cratch Rockets. But the holly Davidson's are not Crack Rock. Yeah. But as far as the racism thing goes, whenever I have to fill out an application that says race, I push human. I don't let him know what color I am. I'm human race. Yeah. And I know you sell like you've been in patient. No, I'm not being in patient at all. I'm just waiting for the great amateur. That's all. No, I don't really have any integration. I'm not my fingers. Not anywhere near the button. I mean, I'm just sitting here waiting very patiently. This is your pal stubby. I know what I said. See, I fast that finger moved, huh? Uh-huh. Wow. Like lightning, like grease lightning. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. A lot of input by the way, on at the scandalous column that David J. Near wrote in the hockey news, Rippin has owned God, then news paper that he writes for about the crappy hockey coverage when he certainly is in part at least responsible for the content of that coverage. If not the placement of it. No comment about that, huh? No. No. In fact, see that's basically this the beginning of 25 years on air in this time. This is what this show has always been about. I talk about the things that I want to talk about and then they got their own agenda, they talk about anything else. No matter what it is, like those three hockey tickets we got for the blues game on Saturday. Here's Miami, hello. Miami? New? Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. Just read an article about Native Americans and blacks that got together and protests at the United States flag. Anyway, I was thinking about you and George and your quote, unquote, view about the rebel facts. So why don't we come up with a new flag? Just turn on both down all together. Right? 560, 50560 on the AT&T line. Anybody in<|ko|> what he was just trying to say? Eeeeh. That's kind of what I thought he was saying. Here's a mobile in deraille, hello. Any, oh are you okay? Listen, I'm all for the Confederate flag, the rebel flag. We're not talking about the rebel flag. Oh, are you just telling you that? I'm not. I don't want to say a non-racist rebel flag. Okay, why? I don't flag as like a swan stick. It's disgusting. Well, why are you all the more racist? Well, what is let me ask you something? Where are you from? It doesn't matter where I'm from. Yeah, and it does matter where they have what they're about country are you from? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you call me a stick all the time. Yeah, and you're a kite. And you know what this is different with me? Yeah, but anyway, yeah, what the hell is the stick have to do with a Confederate flag? What about his amy? What do you have to say? What do you have to do with the history of the South? No, we're saying, Israel. What? It does not represent Israel. It's not the East, or any flag. You should leave it alone. Yeah, leave it. You should leave it alone too. Okay, because it's starting to bleed, pal. Man. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. These must be the people that we saw on Saturday at the Seminal Indian Cassina. You think so? Uh-huh. Tell them. Now, these people a little more frisky. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Hi, Neil, how you? Okay. You know, I always consider myself racist. You know, because, you know, somebody cuts you off and you see it's a black face or a Spanish and you find yourself saying something. Yeah, you dumb, speak what are you doing? Something like that. Also, you miserable spook. Yeah, we're creating an exciting year. Loud, darky. It looks like an exciting year. I'm also going to move. So my kid could go to a school, crazy old type. Yeah. Yeah, stuff like that. So my kid could go to a better school that has wider demographics and better school and better grades. That does that make me a racist. But I see the school that I'm not in knowledge. It means is that you care about the education of your children. That's all. But my, my underlying thought is, you know, you got all those other kids, you know, those black kids in those schools. And I see them every day in this one particular school. So my kid is not going to go there. Because I feel that and you know, is that being a racist? No, no, no, I'm a parent all the parents. I mean, what kind of black kids are they? Are they like well dressed or they will behave or they like little, I mean, you know, the little kids, I don't know. Like I think, by this dance and they jump it around a lot and you figure out, I feel no, I feel no, it will be a little kids. But the point of it is, I think to myself, I say, you know, I don't want my kids to go there, not because to get a mix with them, but they won't have the same education because I think they're going to teach down to the black kids. Right. And I'm thinking of myself, you know, you brought a car, you were going to win. And are you saying that all white kids go to school with black kids? They're not going to get a good education. Is that? No, no, but my, my thought, my experiences been that in schools where you have a lot of black kids. No, what is a lot? Like 20% more than one? A third. A third. A third. A third. A third. A third. You know, and because of that, it would be considering moving to another area so the kids would go to a school with better demographic. So that's a lot. In other words, if you have a 200 kids in a school and like 60, 60 other more black, so if you take a class from this 30 kids and there's 10 black ones, yeah, and the teachers are whites, a school teacher that teaches down to their level because they're not coming in with the homework. It's not getting the same assistance at home. This is my thought. Yeah. I'm saying, well, does this make me a racist now? Yeah. Okay. Then I am. Okay. 560, 750, 550, 650, 550, 550, 550 on our AT&T wireless line in the out of town line. Well, we actually have a call on that line. Wow. What a concept. Boynton Beach, hello. Hello there. Yes, sir. Did you read the paper yesterday that Jeff Bush defended his brother's visits to Bob Jones University? Oh, does that surprise you? No, but also, I wonder if he defended the fact that can't have bunk for it. It's closed to Jewish residents. Yeah. You know, that's where all of the Bush is. Yeah, that's the Bush's name. The Bush is aren't Jewish, but I'm checking. No, they're not. Yeah. But I'm saying the Jews are excluded from the Bush's aren't Catholic. All of he didn't marry a Mexican, so as he must be Catholic. Well, that's the only vote he's going to get because he's already, he's already got a little bit of Catholicism. He's going to be calling every Republican, you know, we love George W. Okay. We love him. Just keep telling that. He's a horse is there. Exactly. That's the point. Okay. Thanks. Right. That's what Al Gore is saying. Leave our George W. Right. He's got a Chinaman's chance in November. You boys keep voting for them out there. Okay. George W. You keep, you're going to have a ripshorten good time, baby. But at least they're frying a lot of people now. And I see I shouldn't say frying at least they're leafy injecting. A lot of people are in Texas. They're putting the sleep. I call an air Georgie. 26 past, you know, this we got the machine beeping, but can you believe it? Jeff Cole has sent a recampel to be here. The voices through the window, through the door, through the fax machine sitting here beeping and beeping and beeping and re-leptlessly because it's out of anchor. So I'm God damn thing. Man, this is not how. This isn't the radio. This is not how. And too bad you couldn't be here on a day when they cranked up the God damn mega mix over there at Power 96 for their mixing and matching. And the walls are like shaking. See, you're just a little bit too picky for us. We just come in and just give me the check. We don't give a crap body in this. Anybody have a heart or a liver? And now on the campaign trail with George W. Bush. Today America's candidate addresses the unionized workers at South Carolina's Turbine Town Factory right today here in Nevada. South Carolina Nevada. I want to be your president because I can relate to the ignorant blue collar worker. Don't say that. You can't hear it worker all over the world. Hey, Bush, what are you doing? I've never had worked today in my entire life. Hands smooth, silky, palm-a-lough, you're soaking in it. Let's go to the next question. Yo, my, a hesser. Yeah, well you're going to go and mount one of the good questions in to support you. Sub-stintative. marijuana legalization. No. Absolutely not. Koking. Yes. It's in pain, heroin probably, specialists and better means without a doubt. Without a doubt. But now you. What are you going to do with the black man? I'm for asking. First thing I'd like to do. See me one up close. Not too close. No touching. Perhaps maybe get a lot once. And I get a lot once. You're so easy. Thank you very much. We got to get a good one. You got to go. Game fame trial with George W. Bunch. And don't forget his other mental name. Eeeeh. He'd be bright, baby. He'd be really bright. 12.32 at 5.60. WQAM. Here's sunrise. Hello. Yeah, under the 60s. Did that guy have Jeff at the narrow point? Here's Hi, Leah. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Neil, that was a great game last night. No, it was not. Well, for me, it was. Wasn't a great game for anybody. I mean, the Panthers needed a winner. But it was. Now, if you say it was a great game. Well, the third period was, you know, the third period was pretty good. But the first two periods were comma inducing. Well, the first period was exciting for us. Because, you know, I wanted to beat the Toronto Real Bad. The blue. Yeah, the blue monster hit the blue monster. I'm not a fighting game. I mean, it was one of the most boring games I've seen. I'm especially when you compare with the first game, the Leafs were here. When it was six to four, it was great action back and forth. And all kinds of good stuff. I mean, the Leafs had nine shots in two periods. How exciting could it be? Yeah. Well, the third period was pretty good. I wanted, I wanted at least for us to shut down a team like that to get them a few shots on goal. Yeah. And it would have been a lot more exciting if Whitney would have converted on those two shots he had. Yeah. As, oh, by the way, Denise's excuse was that he was holding a stick to tight. Okay. 560, 560, Pond 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Wow. Wow. Wow. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Okay. All these race people just made me after my, well, I'm not really, all these race people. What does that mean? They don't have to kiss my school of black kids. I mean, I'm going to inform them after my, when I over the car was your influence and I, I grew up with black kids and others. I mean, it doesn't matter what color you are. Well, wait a minute. What kind of are you? You're white. You're white. I'm from my, I'm a country boy. Okay. You know, you're a black kid. Excuse me? You think you were close to you? Yeah. If I, when I mean, I mean, I would just go with black kids and I have black friends. And I mean, I don't think you should just come back to the car or just met after a good person. I mean, what are you talking about individual people? I mean, that's redundant. That's not the point. The point is that when you do know with groups of people with with political movements, with so called political leaders, when you're talking about people that are screaming and clamoring for affirmative action and the belly ached about white people doing horrible things to black people, why isn't it equally as, as, as, grow, test the other way around. All right. I mean, unfortunately, how come race became an issue almost immediately in the case of the cops in New York shooting the black guy and blowing his crap away with 41 shots and 19 hits. How come that became racial right away? And now sharpening is up there at all these other were have a so-called black leaders. And how come these two stories we've had in the last two days, including one where the guy is, is obviously racist who said he wasn't going to kill any black people, but he was only going to kill these white, the hockey, whatever he said, how come nobody's talking about the racial angle of that? Well, it's unfortunate these things happen. Just like they kid again. No, that's not unfortunate. It's a double standard. That's why. How about the guy in Texas, who took their black kid and strung them up and dragged them on the truck for, how about him? He's an analyst already been convicted. They had a fry his ass on the new news today. Exactly. It's just, it's a fighting today. It's just, but how come that was a racial incident when a black man was done wrong? And when a white person is the victim of a black person, it's not a racial thing. Oh, my God. You're a, it's just a little bit standard. I'm just thinking the answer to the idea is going to the crap, or that's what I got. That is correct. Now you're now you're getting your thumb on it. They said I did. They have a great thing. See you in Iowa. See you in Ains. Iowa. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT. What's wrong with Iowa, man? There's some good corn, Ted people out there in the Midwest. Let me tell you right now, Omaha, Nebraska. And by the way, it was nice to see Darrell Sittler with the game last night. Anybody know who Darrell Sittler was? No, no. Can't walk it up right past me. I said, hey, at least could use it tonight, Darrell. Can you say what? Here's my mebe, Chilo. My mebeach. One more time. My mebeach is mumbling on the other end of the phone. And obviously, I could have talked to us. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT and T line 877, 785, 63345 as we continue probing our intellectual audience. Now we have a foot Georgia on today. You know, it's because it's an important topic. I can't get the intellectual college for love or money. They're terrified of me. But if we could just put Georgia on here for just a half an hour, I guarantee this phone would be smoking, baby. Smoking with intellectual swingers. Here's Pepper Pine, Chilo. Hey, how are you doing today? Okay. Hey, listen, concerning the race thing, man, racism comes from all sides. I don't care from which side it comes. You know, it's going to be there. We're not going to do anything about it. So we might as well accept it. Okay. From all sides. Okay. And what? I accepted. I think it would be there. What are you going to do? You don't need that one? Yeah. You have to. It's not going to change. That's right. It comes from due to some blacks of concern, the Spanish from the Spanish everywhere. So, nothing we can do about it. I wanted to congratulate you on your anniversary. Thanks. And one shameless request? Yeah. Um, number of what? I'll think about it. I'll think about it. Hey, listen. Yeah. One last thing, my final parting. I'll fix some bluish for the next four years. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Out of town line, Fort Myers, Fort Charlotte. Why don't I always mention Fort Myers and Fort Charlotte? Why don't we waste my time with that? I don't know. How about Palm Beach? How about West Palm? How about Riviera Beach? There's some dark folks up there. How about like a singer island? How about Lake Worth? Living and breathing people in Lake Worth aren't there? No. 877, 785, 6345. Here's Tamarack. Hello? What up for new nail? Yes, sir? Oh, I hear. Okay. Listen, earlier this week, you were talking about problems with your table carrier? Problems with my cable carrier? Yeah, media one. The excellent part. What about the crappy service they give you? Yeah, what's the talk about the table? Well, it's going to get worse. It's going to get worse. It's going to get worse. Yeah. First of all, when you call to get service, you're not calling top and any more. Yeah. It's Jacksonville. Oh, and that's right. Yes, they're covering. There's a month bump of Jacksonville. Yeah, they're covering not only Florida, they're covering the Southeast region. Well, it's not over yet. Well, I'm never going to have to call them again. They suck. Well, anyway, you like to run or give you that immediate service boy. It's on your all the time on my computer. But as far as media one, they should don't make me sick. Is not going to be media one for long? What's it going to be now? 18 and features button. Yeah. So, boy, giving you the good news. Well, first it was conference. I had continental cable. Then it was media one. And now in the middle of the night, A&T, but I wouldn't be surprised if AOL owns it by the end of the month. Well, when I moved to Utah South Florida, they were American cable systems. Yeah. And then probably third channel of by my pretend billion dollars. Yeah. And all I know is that they just within the next couple of weeks, the announcement should be made public. Thanks for the bad news. I know you will like them. How would they know? They suck. Okay. Thank you. And by the way, speed at a clear channel. How are you? Shmucks that are working for a clear channel making four and a half bucks an hour? How do you feel about that $4 billion deal, just to buy some of the horseball company? Whatever it was yesterday? Yeah. $4 billion. It's like what we're working for Cox Enterprise at the IOD. Oh, we've tried everything we know to make money. Again, the meantime, they're buying up cable companies and newspapers and garbage can't every guy dancing out of the sub billions and billions of dollars. And we were like easily dispensable, like like on the grommets. We were dispensable. That's for you, Bob Neal. Okay. I'll do little assholes up there in Atlanta in Mugwumpville. And you know something, I don't see what the big deal with John Rocker is. He's perfect for Atlanta. I mean, yeah, they got a lot of shfartures up there. But as far as the white people are concerned, I would say he's the definitive white guy from Atlanta, John Rocker. Would you agree with that? Yeah. He's a good old boy. It's a good old boy town. It's Redneckville, maybe. It's Yahoo Land. It's only Johnson Land. Yeah. Mugwump Land. In fact, the slime from Atlanta runs downstream right to entry. $24.560 WQM. I sick motherf***er put them on in my slacks tonight. So they smell like your sister's clutch in the morning. Well, which of the can contestants will hit the air? They'd be directly across from region this year. A fight with those no one knows how it goes, so you're directly in a thrones. Then it demands for everybody that he blows. And the bestest finger in your underwear. Frosty, great to make ABC pay. We're about to pick as a kid you want to pay. And you'll go all the way. Use the lifetime of friends that I see on the end. Use your 50 min. I'm your husband. But certainly millions of people didn't watch you. What to do with that? I would just arrive at you. Wow, here's a temptation way and I want to wear. Be looking fly. Wear a tie. Bring extra underwear. You'll put the brand new mil. Yeah. Come on. 46 and 56. You're welcome. Let's take a look at the market. They just encased the food. See what is this. We don't have time. We want the arrows. We want the stuff. They got a. See a direct TV thing here in the middle. You don't talk about a promo for stars. Oh, here we go. The next day's down 36 year. What that means for the down. I bet it's in the crapper, baby. I'll tell you down 12. Thank God. 5. 6. 5. 6. Come on. Let's go back to the old economy. This crapper is coming up. The old economy. I don't watch that. I don't care what my friend said. You need the job. Believe me. They're crazy. They have no idea what they're talking about. They're talking about the new economy. They're talking about the new economy. They're talking about the new economy. They're talking about the new economy. They're talking about the new economy. They're talking about the new economy. They're talking about the new economy. They're talking about the new economy. They're talking about the new economy. They're talking about the new economy. They're talking about the new economy. They're talking about the new economy. They're talking about the new economy. The new economy. było 5. 5. 5. 2. 5. 6. I'm sorry. I didn't come cross with my love… I'm just starting to suffer from suffering. Celebrating the Farmers' Government. You know something Lizzy's gonna make this miraculous recovery. It's only Luke, he me, don't worry about Lizzy, it'll be okay. We gotta worry about, you know what's gonna happen? I know what you know, watch your name, I have a great thing. No, we gotta get Michelle out of her coma, that's I mean, Vanessa, give Vanessa out of her coma before it's too late. See, how about a soap opera where good things happen? I mean, probably we'll get any ratings, we'll be boring. How about a soap opera where something nice happens for somebody who wants? Is that possible? No, no. We got Edmund, this crazy Edmund, the prince's brother. And we got, you just know that they're gonna have the action he's gonna try to kill the worker, and the worker happens to be the prince, the prince and the popper, and the popper is Cassie, the former stripper with Jeff or like her, I think. Oh, let's hear Simon in, and Michelle, she's gonna go away for a murder, she didn't commit and poor little Lizzy, she's got leukemia and Philip and Beth, and this one and that one and Beth is gonna have Philip and Spavy's for a woman that we're dying in the plane and did it one last time and all of a sudden scores. We're pregnant again by her former husband. Like I said, if you think you have problems, just watch it so popper and you'll feel so much better about life, I'm talking right now. It's just kind of like our being at the Seminal Indian there on Saturday. I left there, no, sir, I left there, I felt younger, I felt better about my life. I thought, God, damn I'm doing pretty good. Yeah, I'm stuck, I walked out there, or somebody had toothed on the sidewalk out there on the curb, but I kinda overlooked that. But, no, they had, you're smiling, somebody's probably like, you know, you're just head a little problem. Maybe they put their teeth in like upside down, backwards, something like that, and it'll trouble chewing it and the food too. But I walked out of the thinking, man, I'm kinda like an abstaining individual. My life is sweet, it's great. I could be one of those poor bastards in there sitting there at that table, like staring off into space. Wow, as long as I live on, the memory of those two hours will never leave my mind. I'm serious, it left an indelible mark on my brain. It was the epitome, it was the capper, it was perfect. Right at the end of my 24 years in this town, it was the timing was sensational. It's kinda like the, it's too bad Ralph Edwards and they come crawling on his hands and he's out of the river. Neil, this is your life and just look at there it is. That was my life. Those were the people I talked to on WS News, night after night after night, those old, wretched people with their teeth soaking in a glass. Here's Miami Beach, hello. Hey, you're after there, Neil. Yes, sir. Gentlemen, called earlier, we were stating the case about the percentage of kids of black kids in the schools. I think it really does speak for majority of the population, or at least the parents with kids, and probably even a small portion of black families with kids in school. Yeah. You know, you brought up the correlation about a week ago, but the name of one neighbor in the whole country were a black-so-improved neighborhood. Or this is the same correlation, really. Yeah. See, there are two words that I want to sound the anymore racist than I've already needed to being. There are two words that would go over very big and the black communities, no, what they are, birth control, birth control. This would make life so much better for everybody. That's really worth it all about. It's not really a racism issue. It's not a racism issue. You're going to say that too in the trailer parks where you have these barefoot pregnant white women who are pregnant every goddamn time you look at them, they've got one and the other, one crawler around on the floor, and they've got three or four more age, two, three, four, and four, and a half, you know, and there's something that's not a lot of time. Right. Exactly. Exactly. But that's really, that's what the issue is. It's not really a skin color issue. It's a question of how the kids have brought up what their family life is all about and their culture and everything. I mean, this six-year-old kid, believe me, I'm not making excuses because by age six, you know, you're not supposed to blow somebody's crap away. But this kid, I mean, he's living in a flop house and that is in jail and Mommy got all I know is where hell she is and we got all these people out there making babies. We're in a lot of the old, you know, something the old saying was that you've been hearing it all your life. The rich kid, richer and the poor make babies. That's true. And God will know that's true. Where's those L sharks and when you meet? Hopefully, far away from us. Have a great day. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT. Stop making babies. I don't care what Martha Jean the Queen said and the trip back in the 60s get out of your house and stop making babies. That was her great advice doing the rights in 67. Go back in your house and make babies and boy, they sure did. They went back and out and they made lots of babies. Just like all these things, there are Thomas again, a Vander Holy Molyfield. What you got? 170, 2 kids, 545 different women, something like that. And then of course, there's his wife we can be talking about. Here's a mobile in Orlando, hello. Hey, I just want to start this conversation by saying, River Fidel. Yeah. And I'm going to wait down from Orlando to Miami in Quick question. Each year or more, we start seeing more blacks in the National Hot Gilick. Why don't we get a spik in there? We already have one. Who? On New Jersey, a Gomez got Gomez. He's a hell of a player. Where's he from? I don't know where he's from. He's obviously Hispanic or something. I've never knew a Gomez who wasn't. I don't know his family background or his shoe size, but he's Hispanic. One more thing. And what about the goalie that played for Dallas? What does his name for Nandes? Gonzalez, the Schwarz, whatever his name is? There's a couple of Julios in Lee. Don't get killed away. So let's leave some for the white folks. Yeah. Have a day of shameless request. I'll think about it. 560, 50, 50, Godfather is here. Now where did Jeff Kongo is pointing to? Oh, there he is. He's hiding in the corner. Now he can enter a day to find out what great pizza's all about. I'm sorry. That was bad. So it's a different thing. It's a different product. We don't want to end until he's starving to death. He has been bugging me and bugging me and bugging me. Or they are already. We're going to do a service. Here's a slow. They're here right now. Godfather's name. We love Godfather's on David Road extension by 595 right in the Hest station there. Bring your car up alongside. Get a little gas outside. So inside. Have a good pizza, get a little gas inside. There you go. It's great. Where are we going here? I'm just lost. I'm just panaged. I'm just right to pass out here. Here's more waterdale. Hello. Yes. Yes sir. Hey, are you doing? I'm going to listen to you show all the time. I just moved down here before I worked. Two foot, not there. But I was wondering where I'm from. I'm from Orlando. They're Orlando. You're going to be in college. I'm just getting down here. You can start working. Right. So I was wondering why are you so, why are you so, you sound so racist and you know, you say something about the individual. That's the individual. Right. Individuals make the masses. I mean, you can't judge on what you just see. Yeah. And just the whole black race. Yeah. But that's the right. The media is responsible. Unfortunately, you're right. You have very good plug. But the media is responsible for helping the shape our opinions of groups of people. That's your right. And so every time there's like a sensational story, like the cops with a crazy shooting in the Bronx who shot this guy 150,000 times. And that was wrong, right? That was wrong. Correct. You'll be as it was wrong. It was grotesque and unacceptable. That's correct. And the flag is wrong. You know what that is. Yeah. Flag is like this. That's right. But it's also wrong when we got a little black kid who's running around with somebody's gun irresponsible shooting a little white girl in school and killing and blow her crap away. And then we got this guy in her Pittsburgh yesterday, this black guy who's running around shooting white people and they can a point of it. They're white racist pigs. These aren't going to show you. Co-white people. And you got those white kids in Colomber. Right. You should know friends. And then they got to get your white. It's hopeless. That's right. It's a crazy place. You're right. It is a crazy world. I mean, you have to be individual and think that's it. You can't judge everyone because he's a black or white like the guy who's the school. Just like the mouth. I'm there. I'm not going to wrestle. So I'm going to tell you if all black people could be just like Malcolm, we don't get along. Well, you know, everybody got to be like themselves. I can't be like that. Well, why don't you look at the guy. You look at the guy who's talking about the schools. Yeah. What do you mean the brain teachers, the teachers downgrading her, her, her, she's down the... Now, it's not the teachers. It's the system. It's the system. The social promotion, man. We don't want no more social promotion. If you can do it then find it. If you can pass the must-are fine. If not, you're going to stay in kindergarten until you 25 years old. Yeah, that's what it's the way it needs to be. That's right. I'm going to go through the ranks. I mean, of course. I mean, I'm with the high school. I did a high school. I did a high school. It's just as many dumb white kids as they are. I'm black. You bet. And not all. I'm not even trailer parts. It's on the percentages in the school. Right. I mean, yeah, percentages of black and school percentages of the white school in the school. You have to judge the percentages because naturally as some schools there are majority black and majority white. You can't judge it like that. You have to look at percentages before you go to them if you have to people. There should must be educated here before you go out and call somebody. I'm taking my kid out of school because it's too many black. You need to go. We'll class. What class is your kid? It needs to be an upper level class. Put them in upper level class. And get the same education. Okay. So I want the parents. And how to go? Have a great day, pal. You two, bud. Yeah. Okay. What do you say? He's all right. He's a good guy. He makes a good point there. But the fact is that's all idealism. Now am I getting any of this or what? Or I just expected or no? Oh. I'm going to put that back in my glory before I eat it. Just relax. Just sit down. Eat. Just eat. Okay. Please come down. Prop 56 at 5. 60 WQM. With the bomb to 2 L.A. Hi, V. Today I'd like to read a letter that I'm writing to all white people. To say in the spirit of unity and understanding the white folks, couple of things you ought to know. When I'm born, I'm black. When I grow up, I'm black. When I get sick, I'm black. When I go out in the sun, I'm black. When I go out in the cold, I'm black. When I get scared, I'm black. And when I die, I'm still black. But you, my white man, when you're born, you are pink. When you grow up, you are white. When you get sick, you are green. When you go out in the sun, you go red. And when you get cold, you turn blue. When you get scared, you turn yellow. And I have years to have my life as when white people die, you turn person. And you've got the damn nurse to call me, call it. How about voice? I'm sorry, I was bad. 102 at 5.60 WQM. So here's the answer. What's the birth on the pizza, Mr. Con? So how can I get here? Oh, I see. What is it? I said it was very good. I really enjoy the pickles on it. I've never had pizza with pickles. Yeah. Very good. I enjoy the pickle every night and two. OK. What is the answer? I don't know. What? See, now that's what you get. Look at that. From having one pot. You know, I say a pot, so that is God damn places. What do I say? But anyway. Yeah, I got one pot. So I hit the damn thing. And right away, it's too stupid thing is starting again. Yeah. Oh, we're going to build you a state of the art studio. And we're going to do this. Lire, liar, pants on fire. That's Greg Reed, baby. You look up the word liar in the dictionary. And there's his post right next to it. Big, fat, fraudulent, freaking liar. State of the art, my ass. How's that new phone system coming by the way, Greg? How's it coming? Eeeeh. So here's the update by the way on our poll question today. Our poll question. You consider yourself somewhat racist. Not racist at all. Or very racist. 180 votes so far. A lot of votes for one o'clock. And very racist only 20. Some of the racist, 118, that's 66.5%, not racist at all. 42. How do you like that? 42 people in this audience are not racist at all. Is anybody believe that? No. Okay, I believe you. Does anybody believe it? No. There are 42 people in this audience who are not racist at all. Not a racist bone in their body. Now one little bigoted teeny tiny corpuscle in their entire existence. Are we buying it? No. Yeah, we buy it. Which goes to Shoya, that even being anonymous on a goddamn website, on a computer are totally anonymous. They still won't tell you the truth. And I'm sitting here expecting to get some meaningful conversation from this crowd is there a chance to that? No. But you're sweet at the reason. Here's plantation, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I'm just calling the state and I'm not racist unless it's thrown in my face. Okay, I believe for all here we're all American in the matter what color you are. Yeah. Unless it's thrown in my face like I was saying, like I just checked my mail today. I got it from the school board of Howard County Florida. Okay. And it says, you're a son daughter who's been identified as a student with the ability and interest to benefit from the dissipation of Howard County school system, summer science academy from minority. Good. You're a good student. You're a good student. You're not a racist unless it's thrown in her face. Hey, I'm sorry. Okay. I got a letter from the Brown County school system. Of course, it's open for my son or daughter, okay. And it's open for minorities and females. What am I supposed to do with my son? He's like. Yeah. Okay, now. I'm going to make a lesson from Alan Jollson, man. A little black face, good to add life. Look what it did for Alan. Maybe with the dynamic I'm a tiny bit of a little bit of a little bit of a Reagan. I'm telling you, Americans, I'm making me a boy. You got real problem. I got real problems. Well, if you're a child in America and you should have connections. I'm another time. Oh, I'm a little bit of a kid. Up near Amsterdam way. Okay. Okay, Luke. See. Thank you, love. Northern the tagging of your Amsterdam way. Do we understand it? Eeeeh. 560, 560, Pond 560 on the 18. Well, I guess Milan isn't that far. How you can go like hiking across the Swiss Alps? Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Hey, Neil, how'd we go? Pretty good. Oh, yeah. These colors are great, man. Better than ever. But the pizza's good from Godfather's sensational. Oh, no. I missed you. Yeah, this isn't pretty good craft. I missed someone they left for a while and I'm glad they're back to. Yeah. I listen, you know, we were talking about schools and everything earlier on. You know, I keep getting these notes from, you know, my kids school and, you know, how you're saying how they just pass them through and stuff. Right. That's a good information. Yeah, they keep saying that he's saying I took a day off. I went there talking with teachers and everything like that. I got another progress report. You know, this last week that said he was saying one too, right? But you get to report card and he's getting seeds. They're telling me that he's not doing homework and anything, but, you know, the average white person, you know, you can't fail those kids nowadays. So, you know, I just don't understand it. They socially pass them just because he's a white kid, but they're not giving them a good education just passing through. Oh, what does that mean? They're socially promoting because he's about to black kids. They're the black kids in his place? No, no. He just happened to, we just have it to be on the edge where they sent them to like an all white school. But then when he gets to high school, he'll be going stuff 50, 50 school. Maybe everybody just gets pushed on through. Just stopping to get about that. Yeah, I just don't understand. They worry you can tell you, you know, your kids fail them, but then he turned around and you must see average. I mean, that's kind of dull. That means the word. Okay, good luck, pal. Okay. Okay. There's this thing called dumpsters. 560, 50, 50, pound, five 60 on the AT&T line out of town line, 877, 785, 60 people. We can't worry about educating the kid to this country. We can't worry about things like guns have been out of control. Well, we have to build a stadium for John Henry. Now, see the reason that they made you wait so long for the pieces they knew. See, there's a little psychology that if they waited long enough, no matter how it tasted, you say, God, this is great because you'll be polishing over here and be staring at it and it worked like a charm. It was pretty good, wasn't it? Jeff Collins said it was very good because he's an anonymous kind of a guy and he just likes to pass their money. We were not paranoid and insecure. He's got a great product and a great joint and a great restaurant too. Well, lots of people parking in front by the way. And also I hear the rumor that he's going to be putting in the days in the restroom. That's the rumor that I'm hearing. So we can walk out of there with a squeaky clean. Back home every time. That's the rumor I'm starting today. Rounds with the day. Here is Boka, hello. Neil, how are you doing today? Great. How's the piece of the goods? San Seational. Awesome. I just wanted to say how much had a spy sharpened in Jackson. Yeah. That's one to ask you a quick question. That's how many are you going to argue? Now let me ask you, does that make us racist because we despised those two individuals? Well, not because of the color of the skin, but the way they're ambivalent. But they're obnoxious. This is how they're pandering assholes, exploiters of human suffering. Right. They love them and manipulate them immediately. Exactly. And manipulate the gullible people. All right. Now this is what I'm wondering. How did the reverence get to four of these nice suits? What, what, what do they get their income? Did they, I mean, what do they get all their money? What do you mean where did they get their money? That's the best business going tax-free man. What are you talking about? Donation? Sure. Rod. And they call themselves revins. Right. I don't know. That's all I want to know. He's Wang Jimmy Swagger. Baker, Tammy, Fay, Paul, Croch, Jan, Croch. It's all the same crap. Pat Robertson with a 700 club. Unbelievable. Exactly. Thanks, Neha. Good thing. Let's all become ministers. That's what I'd say. Yeah. Tax-free. Don't have to worry about the IRS. And of course, Reverend Moon, you know why they went after him? Because they didn't like to sline of his eyes. That's why they went after him. Why aren't they going after all these other grays robbing fakers out there? Like that Benny Hanagai. 560, 505, 60, Pomp 560 on the AT&T, Warless Line. Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. Ooh, I'm on the bank. Jonah Aphol, she can get my busy snap finger not happy way. She can't see. But I don't care. I'd ask you to send some time down the lease with no leg. You're who I feel the same about the right, Harriet. I'll let that key and get real Harry and she has no way. I would like to thank her too. But the last two lobes in Amatman loose change in her too. Great, this, maybe just had a high school that I would like to give her a mouthful of my party ball. I think her music really knows that I would like to noodle with a noodle hole. I wanna back, we own a apple with a tongue. What do I think we ought to know what's heck with Hank? Can we say doodle hole on the air? That's permissible. I'm not sure we can say doodle hole better check with the sports people on it. Because this isn't a sports show. If it's a sports show, you can say basically what everyone even, you can even say that. Hank will be out of derailed day by the way between two and six. Then we got her a cool hotline of six o'clock. Big dude and I keep saying big. He lost a lot of weight. He lost a couple of heights. We still full of crap. He's a good guy. Pull a crap. And then, at the 10 o'clock. There's a guy speaking of a big guy. Sheets a few rows behind me up in the next section of the hockey games. Came over to me last night in between the second and third period. He starts calling me about how, oh, he can't believe the path is where half a goal favor it in the game. He starts talking to me about gambling. So obviously this man doesn't listen to the show. Am I interested in betting on hockey? No. On football? No. No. I mean, to me, that's one of the, I don't want to go into it. You know how I feel about that. Sad. See, when you were real fan, there's enough stress in watching a sport even. Without also having to worry, you're going to cover some kind of a point spread and wind up making a few bucks or losing your ass. Here's sport Lauderdale. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. All right. Just got to comment. Do that. Forget. This country was found in racism. It breeds racism. Uh-huh. This is what it's like. It's all. Yeah. We got to stop. Stop preaching hate and start preaching love. Uh-huh. You mean, like the guy in Pittsburgh yesterday was he preaching love. That was blown up the white people shooting them. See, there you go. It's what what the, what I'm saying is this does, does that help the situation? So the preaching and so in other words, love. So in other words, don't, what does that mean preaching love? Another way to get off preaching, this talk, I'm not treating anything. I'm talking away people really feel. It's okay. One, all right. Does. So in other words, if you didn't come from here, I say hey, love everybody. Love your neighbor. That's going to happen. Is that what you're telling me, sir? No, that's what you got to start selling these people. This country was found in racism and that's what's going to be. It's the fog. You, you, you, you, you, you, you, we supposed to be proud of this country of freedom, love and opportunity. But it's, it's the, this is the effect of what this country was built on. Well, it was great. What are you talking about again? You're talking about stuff that happened 100 years ago. It's still effects us now. Look at the condition the country is in. Look at the look at how people are acting nowadays around the world. It doesn't matter if the person is, if the person is right, it's wrong. But what's wrong? What is going on? What is going on? What is going on? That's what Martin Gaywan, no, what's going on? What is going on? Yeah, what are you talking about? This cultural is found on the right. Yeah, okay. I mean, I'll let you say it's 70, 80 times. But what you get to about 120 times, you know what I'm talking about? Then I finally started a little impatient. My fingers start doing the walkin. God. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop. This country was founded on racism in Thomas Jefferson and at slaves and But we put it above that. That was like 100 years ago, sir. This is the year 2000 for crisis when a new millennium allegedly. Are we in a new millennium? No, supposedly, just go along with it. Just pretend. And this bull crap that we have to keep paying for our ancestors, our forefathers and 10 fathers. We got too many holy moly fathers when they're running. That's the problem. Let me say it again, sir. Birth control or that with an F with a THR and F. Birth control just keeps saying it, sir. And don't tell me to preach to everybody. Love each other. You're living in a God name ivory tower. You got the wrong show pal. Turn on Pat Robertson. Oh, that's right. He preachers. Everybody hate each other. Well, there you go. Here's a lady mobile in a four-water nail. Hello. I just want to comment and tell you that today I found out some pretty bad news. I went to my son's conference at the teacher and she had met a bad man told me that he is a very intelligent boy. And that's going to have a test for a gifted program. However, she told me also that if there's a young black child who has the same score, that that's how we'll get the spot to cross before my son will. Why is that? Why is that? Why is that? Because of the color of the skin. Why is that? What where is that come from? That's a good question. I'd like to know that myself. But why didn't you ask her? She didn't seem to have the answer. Oh, oh. I just don't. You know, it's, it, it, it, I will mean how everybody wants to know where the equal opportunity is. And yet here's my son, six years old. I'm fully capable of being in a gifted program. And he's not going to get the spot because of a black child. Maybe a quote. But I think it's pretty unfair. I'm not really lucky this week, aren't you? Thank you. You'll need it. See, they could both probably get a spot on a gifted program without having to choose between one of the other. If we just stop wasting money on cramp. I mean, you know, I said, and I don't mean to last night. I love my hockey and I love the Panthers and I'm a police. It was great, you know, seeing them again this year. But I could live without it. There's all that text, but I didn't want to spend a place. It's like, half empty. I mean, I want to tell you right now. The average crowdward drawn in that place is like 10, 11, 12,000. We can weekend better, not full, except one game. Weekends better. But week nights, we're getting 10, 11, 12,000. Some might feel like that stupid money experiment they did on a, on a one in the president's day. Maybe nine, 10,000. Maybe. And then they got to play so we hear in Miami, a Mickey Arena, that the taxpayers continue spending the subsidized that forever and ever for the rest of the time. Thanks to Mayor Pingo Picania and that shady dealing made with the way it was the Mickey Harrison. And you people don't care. You're just doing on care. You can even pop that, that by your own talk is cheap. I've been doing this a million years. And everybody over there, all they say, all right things. If the public gave a flying crap about their kids getting an education, we wouldn't be wasting our money on crap. Like I said yesterday, the DEA, all these jail cells filled with people who's a biggest crime in life was that they grew a couple of plants and they smoked a little bit of weed or got forbid they sold it to somebody. But it means time we got cops in high, a lia selling extra see another guy named Drugs to minors to kids. We got cops in Kendall and other parts of this town, quarreying out your kids running prostitution rings. Anybody care? No. Oh no. Well, you know, what time is read just on tonight? That's the preparation for the fall of the country, not because of racism, because of stupidity, stupidity, as in, right. About 200 minutes of my say, the in generous. Here's a mobile in Fort Myers, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay. Hey, speaking for the two of us listening to you over here? Yeah, we're both racist. Okay. Well, yeah, that's so surprised. Hey, and I got to live in Fort Myers without being in good races. Yeah, I know. And I got a good way to improve a peer world and for the panthers. Yeah, okay. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. I told Peter if he just lighten up a little bit. He'd be okay. Out of town line, 877, 785, 63, 45. Here's my N.E. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing there? Great. I was just calling to find out. I heard that there was a spadding in on Pomerro High in Kendall. Yes, I'll go start the guy. Yes, sir, yeah. You know, any more information about that? It was on the news. Well, no, could I just find out how the Sherwood's true so far? Sure. That's true. And by the way, they were both black. That's what you're driving at. Is that what he's driving at? I'm sure what. You feel better now? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Out of town line is open. If we got anybody out there like in Palm Beach, like in New York, like in Chicago, like in Oak, Clearwood, Wisconsin. 877, 785, 63, 45. Here's Boca, hello. Can you like just even true for President Neil? No. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 and by the way, hit the bridge news to him. He ain't running. More on. Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello. Hey Neil. Yes. I don't happy. Happy. Happy 25 years. Who do you want his crap? Yes. Exactly. I'm talking to more on. Yes. This is not her son, dumb shit. Yesterday I'm a local neighborhood and I come to believe my ears. When the kids are playing around the yard and one kid told you they're playing around the yard and they're just cursing them. They're kids chasing the shut them on a bike and he's throwing this residence in neighborhood. So he proceeds to come out with a nine million year behind his back and approach his dealer kid and grab him by the road. How long were these kids? One of the 16, the other one. Just young, 10 year old. Yeah. I'm telling the bike he called him and they ain't. I couldn't believe my ears. You know, this guy had to come out with his nine million year and you know, just to find that, you know, you can push his kid over my property again. And I'm going to take it out on you. Yeah. The real thing is stuff. That's just, you know, I just clutching it on that. That's the American fucking way. Take care. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Thank you. We know the moral of that story. No. Stay off your neighbor's lawn. That's the moral of the story. Don't use an unmillimeter. Use a 38. Okay. 5. 6. 7. Oh, yes. Yeah. See if those cops in New York would have listened to that. They went ahead of 475 shots. And that was 422 shots. And 785, 6345. Just like I said to the person I called yesterday, I was talking about these phone calls. Airbetama, you're about the number. Every time I punch up a line, I do it with the greatest of hope and anticipation and expectation. Hope springs the turtle into human womb. But, uh, don't get carried away. Oh, just, uh, look at that. I have a little thing on my. This is really very good. By the way, Godfather's. We recommended enthusiasm. And Jeff Cohen says, listen, don't anybody go there who would be going to the pizza off, but if you weren't going there in the first place, go there because it was pretty damn good. He only had 15 slices so couldn't have been too bad. Here's a mobile and four-later day. Hello. Yeah. How you doing? Great. I was wondering if you could clear up a question. Is there all black colleges or in the nation at all? Well, they do have black colleges, but I don't know if they're all black. I don't know if they're like white people in some of those institutions. I don't know. Because I was wondering, uh, does that are almost, you know, black universities? That's true. With a united college, united, nigger of college funds. Right. I want to have that money went to an all black college. I mean, that would consider to me be right. Racist, right. Well, let me ask you this. Do we have all white colleges? Uh, no. I'll think so. What is it? And if we try to be strong. We try to be strong. John, that's not a college. That's a concentration camp. All right. Just one of the. Okay. Good point. Excellent. If not Customary morality grade or the people in the Saudi highly cetera. Isn't that a bright Washington in Iran because you've beeniin the Stingham age. He's going to see me. Let's take your call in Miami. What do you say? Hello? Oh, New York. Yes sir. I'm listening to your audience and most of them. What do you ought to be pretty depressed by now? Yeah, yeah. But the thing is this, I mean, I know your position on a firm in a vaccine and everything. Got it all. The thing is, is that the race is an institutionalized, from generation to generation. That is correct. But that is correct. That's the reason why I think most black people are given preference. This because it is built in to the society and people. I mean, they have only on it. Try to get it. Most of the countenance can't get it. If they're qualified, they'll get the job. Not always. We got people working on this radio station, we're totally unqualified, where I'm in order to hear only because they're minorities. We do. Well, I just, you know, I think that it's just the... I'm here. I'm here. And all fairness. I understand what you're saying. But I bet you that almost everybody who's listening to me right now, who works for a living, who works for somebody else, is working in an establishment where there are minorities who have jobs, who if they weren't minorities, would never be working there. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yep. And they... Well, what's wrong with the idea? I mean, if you want to get an education, it's very obvious. There are a lot of very bright black people. There are a lot of very successful black people. There are black people who are millionaires. There are black people in very high positions in government. So what's the problem? In other words, if you want to get an education and you want to compete on an equal playing field, there's got to be a time to start. We just can't keep punishing people because they're not minorities for the sins of their fathers and forefathers and great-grandfathers, two and three hundred years ago, we can't live that way. Yeah. But if these same people are still racist or practicing the racism themselves, I mean, this is why this is the... This is an inch towards the minorities are still existent. And that's why things like the front of the action must remain in place. Can I tell you? No. We forget it. Go on. Go on. Testary. I'm talking. Just telling you the way it is. OK. OK. Hang in there. Oh, that was a bad excuse. It was a worse word. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pumped 5, 60 on the AT&T line. What? I told you I'm getting worse, man. I'm trying. That's why I'm discussing this today. I'm not doing this to be melodramatic. I'm not doing it to stir up stir the pot or even smoke it. It's just the way I feel. There is this stuff that's gone on these last couple of days. Nobody wants to talk about any of these things. And nobody looks at these stories from a racial angle, including the sky who was a black racist up there in Pittsburgh. And was a proud of it. That's OK. By the way, I don't think he's going to get suspended for 14 days or whatever it is. This is 5, 60, UAF. What is a Buffalo film? Withdollar didn't go out of home, and took a honda. And he sat around some gr子 for some time. And we share it with Jesus and the St. The Pies, Pines, and yes, yes. Party is great, yes, yes. Party is good, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Most can ever, most can ever, most can ever, most can ever, give you high on the battlefield, but just in the road to get some soul, on a great home for soon, to get some bad, you know, bro. So, so come back to say, oh. Most of the things about Marley are his drones. No fun and heaven, let's go. But I bet you got to be a big fat guy at that point. 132 at 5.60 WQAM. This business of making excuses for scumbags. And you notice how, no, these people want to address the issue I'm talking about of plant parenthood, of birth control. I'm not making just a whole bunch of indescribited babies. And what's wrong with the guy dead media, that we have to keep utilizing and canonizing and kissing the ass, all these scumbags that are out there procreating and planting their seed. Every word like, God damn, the father of our country. What's that all about? I mean, you can talk to the statistics already. Why do I want to say so many minority children with their fathers and mothers and your mama and this, like the 60-year-old kid that's shut and blew away the 60-year-old girl that we're not going to be bringing back anytime soon? I say it's time to cut the crap. Tarts start taking responsibility for your own behavior. See what just happened? God's punishing me. We're telling it like it is. He rather have me give you your whole crap. Or maybe he's going to give God some bad weed just now. That might have been it. And he's pissed off about it because he does work in mysterious ways. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound, five, sixty. Stop making babies. All you slutpers out there. All you irresponsible maniacs out there. All the only had seven children by five different women. But he was a hell of a guy and everybody, yeah, okay. Good for him. Here's a call in Naples, hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Listen, I spent two years in Jamaica. I was a year there. I'm here. Okay. I was teaching the Blacks of Trade. And, uh, did you want? I was teaching Black people a trade. Yeah. I was looking like a piece course. And I was on a bus once in Trinchtown. Down to get my marijuana, which is, uh, with at the time. He's 74 was $1.00. And they would not let me sit. There was, there was one seat left. Uh, and a big black guy said, you're not allowed. You're not allowed to sit down. Right. You have to stand in the back of the bus. Uh, so I did for like five miles. Yeah. And I know what prejudices about man. And it sucks. You know, like, I'm going to taste the, I got to taste the what is what it was like to be. Well, baby, all I can say is based on this call. I can't say I blame him. I guess you still got some of that weed. Yeah. Some of the wacky stuff. Yeah. Well, maybe you can help us out. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Stop making so goddamn many babies. We got babies making babies. Trailer Park trash making babies. Little sparks of girls making babies. Stop already. Stop planting the goddamn seed. Condoms birth control. Just fucking Africa over here. Oh, they don't want to talk about condoms in the, Oh, God forbid. Because the church is all pissed off about that anyway. It's over trying to convert all those people. Yeah, right. God forbid. That's another reason this guy damn Pope should rot in hell. And I'm sure he will. Forced illness. Forced illness. Forced ignorance. Forcing it upon the masses. Forced misery and suffering. And how does he just keep making babies? What? Man. Guess what? There's no mudian lucky. What? No, that ain't gonna do it. I got a piece of meat in my mouth. Am I throat? Okay. Why is that? You don't usually do that during the show. Not a medallion around. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. No, sure. I think they're trying to kill me over there. Maybe it's for the godfather. Do you think he could be turned on? Yeah. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, Neil. Yes, father. God. Listen. I grew up. My dad was the firefighters for the city of Miami. And the 1977, I went down. I took the fire test. And it became a firefighter. I scored a 94 in the first place. Yes, I was the fire test. Yeah, test. You become a firefighter. What do you do? You have to start one? No, you have to get tested. You know, bigger hoses if you really want to. Oh, nice. I say I'll just fire a little bit. I got to line up and down the pool a couple of times. Exactly. I got what I didn't have enough. But they were taking people below me with scores of 79, 80s and 82s. And the only reason why I didn't get it is because the last thing is using towards was the Rodriguez. Or I didn't have the black color scanner. My skin was an Asian color. Yeah. Or, you know, I just, it burnt me to a crisp. So I said, all right, I took the test again. I scored a 98 out of a possible 105 points. Wow. And they were still taking people below me in the 70s and 80s. That was a firefighter for 35 years. He had. I got news for it. Maybe if you had a weight, it's about him. The poultry lay all got on the first. They didn't have the nobody below you. I tried to. I thought it was a, you know, I'm not fair. And it was just, it did. It called me to no end. And my dad tried. He knew the cheese. He had some, he had a little bit of pull. I guess it had the 35 years you get some. Yeah. And I mean, it's good not. I mean, it's not. I was basically, hey, you're not the right color skin. Now you talk about your first discrimination. I mean, that's one hundred percent. But I mean, I should question, did I get my gun? Did I go a lot? Did I start choosing up Asians and black? And the Spanish is no. Like in 80, I sat down. I don't know. It says, okay, up for a minute of action. You know what? I was, I was a pussy. I should have done it. Yeah. I should have done it. It's all over now, man. It is. Well, that those days are over. They're rapidly coming to a screeching halt. And God bless America. That's all I can say. Long overdue. Thank you, God. Well, and it just makes sense. Punishing people who are born today because they don't happen to be minority is equally umptious. As punishing people, you know, you 50 or 100 years ago because they were. No more discrimination, okay. Let's have competition based on education, based on qualification, based on I can do the job. Thank you. Better than anybody else. Okay. Find your hired. Period. And if you apply for a job and you can show me that you were. And that you are more qualified than somebody else. And you were rejected because you remember minority. Then final lawsuit. I have any problem with that. I'm not for being excluded because you're a minority. But don't tell me that you're going to stand in line in front of me. Even though you're out of the summer then saw those just because the color of your skin is a few shades of darker or your last name is Gonzalez or whatever it holiday. I don't give a crap. And either shoot anybody else with a brain. Got to sacrifice how many generations of people because of the fact that now we're trying to compensate for crap that was done 100 years ago and 50 years ago and 200 years ago. If that's the case, let's give all the Jews and the fads all the jobs. What do you say, huh? Leave a discriminator. Get them still. Well, they already got all the good jobs. I want to kill two at five 60 WQMs. Okay. In blow. All right. Come on everybody. Don't look here, man. We don't pay a gig. We be tipping kids there, right? And he's panicked to be the name. So what you talking about? You take your funky kids. You take your funky kids. You take your funky kids. You take your funky kids. You take your funky kids. You take your funky kids. You take your funky kids. What you talking about? You have it down at home, pal. You're not. Excuse me. Excuse me. I'm a director of TV. I'm a director of TV. I'm a director of TV. Please. Let me do hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. Hold it. No. This be heavy. This is heavy. I'll be the director of TV. I'll be the director of TV. I'll be the director of TV. So heavy. Why does that hold? Hold it. Hold that. Hold it. suspense. Hold it. Hold it. You be bold. Hold it. Hold it. One and one,random and six. Time. Hold it. Hold it. Now try your little piece. Hold, put trust. A concentrate.ão andhem are tough to beat. Time now. Cool. While that record. I'll give you the better example and put it in the bottle for a while away. So, care of my primitive feeling is seeing people with all kinds of like body jewelry and nose ring and Dennis Rodman took it example, but of course he's black so I guess he's a bad example. But I would say he epitomizes, he is the epitome of what makes me not. So, when somebody says to me, oh no you got to be tolerant of the way out of pitting oh I don't have to be tolerant when people want to go out of the way to look like a freak. Use Tommy Lee for an example that way you don't have to sense a reason. Oh god. Yeah. Rings out of every body part and just look at like something that came from outer space and it makes me almost physically ill. It makes me nauseous and please don't tell me that in order to be like politically correct, I have to say, oh gee don't they look great and that interesting aren't they whatever they're supposed to be? Smarmy. Pupin-dosing that's the only term that comes to my mind they're just expressing themselves. No no no they're not just being assholes what they're doing is the filing their bodies and they're doing it because somebody else told me that's cool and it's hip and it's in and it makes them something that they're not which is trendy or chic or something and then the chic something that sounds like chic with a different letter on the end like Schmidt. Is what they look like and turns me off and makes me nauseous just like they're right. I'm sorry that's just my thing. Oh yeah but that's nothing to it. Well you know something that's all I can say. Makes me physically ill. Oh you can't say that I just did get through Santa because I'm one of the few people will be honest about it the rest of you are full of crap just like our pool we're taking. I'll be more than happy I'll bring it the numbers in in the morning and I'll dignify it and read them on here am I going to believe them? No of course not. It's just shocking to me when you give any opportunity to really express yourself you won't do it because you've been so conditioned and being politically correct there are certain parameters and you can't go outside the boundaries of those parameters or otherwise oh gee I'm going to sound like some kind of a well real human being with real emotions and feelings based on my real experiences. That's just because I lived in the garden wood is there the hills and entry all my life and I never met anybody you know it wasn't exactly like me like a mugwump. It just makes me one of vomit. So if you want to walk around looking like a freak don't call me a bigot because I don't accept it because I said it and of course if you don't care that's fine that's okay. Here's a lady in Bokha hello. Yes man. Happy anniversary. Thanks. First one I like to say that this our tin head governor Bush the only thing that that pin head has ever done right is want to end up going to back. Right because really we're not Cuban American we're not black Americans we're not purple American we are just American people we need to make our country number one again and not number twenty five. Make our country number one and one we already are number one and shootings we're like and and in knowledge. I mean at the world is very competitive. When we're just when we're we're we're number one in knowledge in intelligence and education what was that. How's the misunderstanding. Yeah I must have slept too that day. I might be constrained to be that we can try to teach our children no matter who they are with the or where they come from that everybody has an equal opportunity. Yeah it was be equal for everyone and just because on white why should I be discriminated right amen you know and and also crimes that black people come in again so that's the hate crime. Just like somebody if you know by committing crime against the gate for us a hate crime. Crime is a crime there are not in the hate crimes as far as I'm concerned a crime is a crime is the most stupid thing I've ever heard my life. It's I think it's just a phrase that you I mean come on God you know everything. You know something if they call the hate crime or not you just is dead. What a mind. What was it I was really good. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. It's a great day. Thank you. How did I miss some young guy taking a shirt off on a soap opera. Oh, she George is always trying to cover my ass so to speak. I was trying to make sure it's in gone and they went to a commercial. I'm sure they'll put what what canals it on days of our lives whatever that. Oh, 99. Six. Oh yeah. These are lives. There's a lot of fine looking people on that show male female someone I really sure a lot of good looking people and guess what what's his name is still running around there. I think they're going to do that. I don't know who these people are but they're what's the crazy Russian mafia guy that's on there was. I didn't know. And then we got the guy that used to play the farm hand and now all of us on he came back as somebody else and yeah. But Doc she's still on there good old Docs she on there on days of our lives. How about my Donald Kerry let's see we bring it and I thought that his wife died Alice. We're not that I had any malice toward Alice but I thought that she was dead on a Cornell Alice in one of those days that was sick a few weeks ago and my kishki was with an inside out and I'm a whole set in the home watching all these soap operas because there's nothing else on and there's Alice Horton on there again let's hear for Alice baby. Oh. She's only 175 she'd have been great at similar union that's Saturday. By the way, she'd have been probably the youngest one there. 150 at 5.60 Q a m. This is 5.60 Q a m. Oh, your play by play is right here. Oh, he's gone. Sports radio 5.50. 8. Number one. There they come. I don't like about proof. This is the can we invite. Tell me how the only one to get seven minutes like yeah. This was that my son's different friends. I think he's got three fours to head for a hand for this truth. This is what I like about proof. But I like about proof. I think you think you're too tired. Oh no, so can I we even made for twice a year. You want to get me into the tower here. Give me the key key and the key to fear to this truth. That's what I like about proof. 155 at 5.60 W to Q a m. 5.60 50 50 50 60 on the 18 T wireless line. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Anyhow, are you great. Hey, you live in Fort Myers and obviously they're living over here. But I did a lot of business in a mockery and you asked about a mockery. Yeah. Earlier, it's not Indians and Redneck. It's the Mexican. There's a lot of the tomato pickers. There's a lot of the migrant farm workers there. Yeah. And that's the majority of the population in a mockery. Yeah. There are some shards there. There are all sorts of, yeah, there are redneck. But if you would far between the owners of the farm. Yeah. The majority is the, yeah. The auction is days of our lives right. I'm sure I wasn't paying attention. Oh, I understand. I've got a little tongue tied, but nevertheless. And I agree with you. I always think Bush is done. That's good for the state of the day. What did I play? I've got a West. What is it? The one floor to plan a Bush. Yeah. That's not the only thing that he does. That's right. Let it let's nail that out as they say. Nice going there. Jeb and then pack them off to someplace else. Exactly. He's brother can run off into hills. Yeah. Yeah. They can run off to A and treat together. Oh, my god. Look at this. It's got something for everybody in this scene. I'm talking about taking a little zip. I feel it moves real right now. Man, I'm getting choke up about this thing. What do you say one user does not have a little distance? Something like that. Uh-huh. Something like that. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. What is bubble? Somebody is just part of the water. What is this lovely? I always liked that days of our lives. Even with the without that crazy, a Russian mafia got whatever his name is. Tony, you liked that show? I enjoyed it. Well, I was going on my vacation from Drive in the airport that day. And one of the in-a-in thing George is talking about is how many he was home sick. Crystal forces in the watch all these soap operas and how soap operas are horrendous in their unreal. They're not real. There are no TV shows other than the news magazine. There are no TV shows that have anything to do with reality. That's why TV is escape. I think that's it's far fetched far away. They talked away. That's far. That's what we just saw in there. It's fetching. And look pretty real to me. I'll tell you that. Here's Miami, hello. You know, sure. The problem is that America is the only group that isn't considered a minority, a light angle man. Everybody else you can make a case that they're a minority. And what do you see? Do you mean white heterosexual angle man? Yeah, there you go. Yeah. Let's now a little bit more. And what do you see in the US census when they cannot live with all the different checkboxes that you're going to check off to identify. And you're checking one to the one on you. What you're waiting for is in your color and all that. And I'm not as optimistic as you that it's affirmative action and all that stuff on the way out. It's on the way out. Believe me. Well, I'm telling you. It would be a great day when that would have finally been here. Even when Democrats are saying, bye bye, you know, bye bye to welfare, bye bye from the direction. We've turned the corner sir. We've turned a corner to a new life because people aren't going to tolerate it anymore. You think so? I know so. People are not going to put up with it. Well, I'm glad I'm a small business because the smell of the urine business. The left government intervention you had to worry exactly. I would be great. Well, I should be pretty safe because you can't get any smaller than this. Where are we going to a mobile in Miami, hello? Hi, Neo. Yeah, I think that we're in trouble with the races because we forget our past. I mean, we do forget our past. We, you know, the human race. Look at the Holocaust that the German Nazi is there. I think that in South America, I, I couldn't have been in the Herald yesterday. We calling, you know, the horrors that occurred. Yeah. I mean, those are the things we do. I think these were the things that the pretty good job was in. You'll see in the more. You know, when the course of our hour, we're going to end up like that. You know, just let it fly into it. We're going to do one. If we, you know, the Holocaust will be.