Beesley broadcast group station. Over to qam.com for the world. What was that? Oh. 560. Overview QA has a Neil Roger show to talk to Neil. Oh, 567. 618. A little journey. On town 560, a horizon wireless customer. 877775 near the toll-free company. Opinions expressed by Neil Roger's his guest or followers. Just have a piece of this brother. It's an advertisement on the channel. The Neil Roger show on 560 QAL. Why do you wear shoes? There's a cheese or light behind the car. Go down the block, a house, a door, a beer, a kitchen. We were pristine on for the phone. It's not simple for a children. For a night, we night life. We intend to be committed tonight. Oh, we can't do flight. There's a window in the bench. You could sit with us in the door. But our holiday is really such a forum. Live! Come and door, Roy. All weekend, two flight. There's a window in the bench. You could sit in the door. But our holiday is really such a forum. Live! Come and door, Roy. It's so hot, though. Let's do go shopping. We don't know when, how, and a guy is happening. What is the date? Are we too late? You can normally do it, and go. I'm sorry, I'm sorry. Now, the horn. What are we supposed to do? You think it's easy to get? Yes, when we only pay hold, though. All weekend, two flight is on the door of the bench. You could sit in the door. Our holiday is really such a forum. Live! Come and door, Roy. All weekend, two flight is on the door of the bench. You could sit in the door, Roy. Our holiday is really such a forum. Live! Come and door, Roy. Exactly. Happy, Hanukkah, and the Christmas and New Year in all that could still boil. A good close personal friend, Richie from board said he's the best. I'm always said he's the best caller ever called this radio station. Haven't I always said that? Yes, yes. Certainly one of the best visitors. Broad in the best and beautiful board said holiday baskets here with real Italian, not Guito stuff, but Italian stuff. Provalonate cheese and salt-free turkey and those little cheese cakes. Some such a good stuff. Thanks Richie, you're the best baby. I'll tell you who else is the best. What's his name there from sales? What the hell? Oh yeah, Ray Perry. What's his name? Broad is a big fat one this morning and a big check for plant parieter too. At a boy Ray, you're doing it. Yeah, we'll get up at 80, 85, remember? Well, yeah, I'm a little, who knows? He's still got another few days to go. Another nine days before the interview. He can still go to specs. In fact, if you're still by last minute gifts, go to specs and pick up the best meal CD or cassette specs and date for borrowed Palm Beach and even on a West Coast in Naples and Fort Myers, which is pretty damn exciting for you. I can just go to your, I wouldn't do that. I would order it off the website now, would you? No, it would be late. Speaking of our website that pull the S today, do I know how to milk it or what? That's a pretty damn good idea ahead. But before I tell you my good idea, our poll that we took yesterday, if the damping on here goes, of all the things that Neil talks about, which is the least interesting to you. 690 votes, which isn't too bad considering like two thirds of the people are out of town already. No traffic coming to work this morning. Well, no wine, love that. No traffic. And I still don't understand why the hell the kids in Browder are still in school. Must be a much of anti-Semite to run the school system. It's Hanukkah, you idiot, you go, I guess nobody let it hold them back because it's still look like everybody was gone anyway. They just said, you guys were gone. Anyway, here's how the thing came up. The thing they least, the final least interesting hockey. Let's do a hockey show. No. That would be a good call. A good poll. Which was the worst thing that Rimmer ever did in Neil. Giving him the tip on the zero-ock stock or those hockey shows. That'd be a good default someday. Huh? Now that would be bad. All we'll do it on Monday. Now, we won't be here Monday. Anyway, hockey, 162, 23.4% the track, which I don't talk about the track. But that was the one they decided there, you know, 153. Don't want to hear about the track. So when did we win the fourth race tonight? Diet top 96, 13.9% and the stock market 70, 10.1% so the way I look at it, anything with 10% or more is bad. We're not talking about the market, even though the NASDAQ's up 125.075 because it's the goddamn holidays. So what did I tell you about, Palm? It's almost 29 bucks again now. It'll be over 30 by the end of the day. What are you worried about? And that's Cisco? That's Robert looking for some of Phoebe's and McCoture stuff. It's all tray for Robert. Don't worry about it. Anyway, the other stuff that we had on our poll, Gaze stuff, 50, politics 43, inside radio stuff, 30, religion, 30, Amsterdam, 30, health problems, 26. So that was on the bottom of the barrel. Maybe they love hearing about that. So what I'm going to do to find out what they really love hearing about is I'm going to turn the poll around upside down. That's right. Well, Eric, if you're a little bit unsure, you are. What we'll do is we'll just change the wording on it. Just one word. But make sure we put it like in capitol letters so they'll understand. Because some of these people are like a little bit slow. Of all the things theal talks about, which is the most interesting to you. How do you like that? Am I a genius or what? Some days for just a couple of minutes here and there. And we'll just leave the same list of good stuff. Of all the things the Neil talks about, which is the most interesting to you. Health problems. Yeah, hope that's not it. Inside radio stuff, Amsterdam politics, gay stuff, the stock market, diet talk, the track or hockey. And we're kind of like figuring that maybe it'll come out the same way. Who the hell knows with this crowd? So anyway, there's no pressure today. You don't have to worry about calling because we're not answering the phone. Just going to play a lot of good stuff for four hours today. Stuff you haven't heard the long time. Some new stuff that you never heard before, a lot of Christmas stuff. Our good close personal friend, Josie. Now, Paul is a bowling ball and beat who normal kid for some reason can't seem to stop talking to him because he keeps putting enormous name in the newspaper. Oh, I guess that's why normal keeps talking to this guy. In his column in the Sunset of the day, he says the former owner of sports radio WIOD, they've paid former dolphin, toughy, Brian Cox, $125,000 in the state for him not refiling your slander while suit against the station former host Phil Henry, are you sure who's skating on air skits across the ultra macho cops' manhood? So what? Yeah. The fact is confidential, but a source posted the situation said IOD's former owner, Cox communications paid off the current New York jet linebacker, just to get rid of a source close to the situation. Thing is, the case was settled four months ago without codependent Henry or his attorney hearing a thing about it. Are you what the former DOD owners did was a cost saving measure said Henry's mouthpiece norm a kid? They didn't want to continue litigating. Nobody told us about it because they knew we'd never said he said. At times after Cox filed the suit in 1995, this nitpicking fast involved up to 10 lawyers. In the meantime, IOD was bought by clear channel, Henry took off for a gig in Tinseltown of Cox chains teams twice. You know, Brian Cox? He's an asshole. Yeah. In 99, the suit was dismissed outright by Broward Court, the thick necker however appeal to the dismissal of one permission to be filed and Broward. That's when the former station owner, Stewart Natal, the company's lawyer didn't return to call for comments. The ball player's attorney said the client wasn't allowed to talk. He's mom, all he would say was, so what? Yeah, which we've heard before. So high school in our Cox broad casting, there's 125 grand down the turret, but it's a tum change. As somebody I know would say, that's just small potatoes. It's tum change. A couple of other minor things. And since somebody wants you about hockey, Michael Mayo, great column of they, Mike, he's getting there. He's a lawyer listener to the show. Call the show on Monday. Listen, right now, happy to know, could you, Michael, Moscow, which are Mayo, what have you had your name is? Broward is right to vent. I'm not going to read it because I know that nobody, that's the, oh, kiss a death on this show. I tried to tell you, remember, it's the kiss a death. Those hockey shows. You're a crazy person, but anyway. But it's a great column and right on target. You're getting a little bit warm, you're Mike. Maybe you're starting to like, you know, get on the verge of being like a real writer. You keep working at it. It's weird, maybe you'll get there someday. Eight minutes after 10 at 5. 60 WQN. It's more fortunate to serve and know you do this for these good habits. But, you know, I'm a commissioner. WCLM, these in grad class, who think we're pretty happy? I'm happy. I hate WLB again. I'm so much, I'm happy. I'll be real happy. Ah, this is Tombo, dead from major six. We know you've been traveling all of this holiday season. You've probably been told there's no room at the end. Well, that's just not the case here, major six. Why for just 29 drockling will put you up in a warm, comfortable stable with plenty of fresh milk for the newborn. There's even individuals stalls for your mutals, camels. However, you happen to be driving across a desert. In case unexpected visitors decide to drop in on you, shepherds, wise men, holy ghosts. It's not a problem of major six. There's plenty of frankincense and murder go around. This is Tombo, dead from major six from mine and yeah, there's always room at this hand. We'll even leave a star out for you. So we got the airs got the new pull up there, what did I tell you? We've only got 10 votes on there so far, but the early returns are kind of amusing as usual. Of all the things the old talks about, which is the most interesting to you, tied from first with two votes at peace, religion, inside radio, stuff and hockey. You heard him sing on the Halloween video? And now Robert Downey Jr sings just for you. A collection of Robert Downey Jr. Here are how many questions. This Christmas I'm on the crack, but I can't. Well the judge has been so damn spiteful just because I had a pipe roll, but you're on her I've got to go. Buy some blow, buy some blow, buy some blow. Cutting through my coat, where the rough D-rays it plays. I just thought this moment, trying to obey the top song dressed in blue, adding down my jeans. You're thinking for me that I followed my impediment. It's the most wonderful time of the year. There'll be hookers of plenty, is not pop up any chase down with a beer. It's the most wonderful time of the year. Robert Downey Jr's Christmas crack pipe. I'm the street of Los Angeles at $2.45 a.m. I had the rock down in my sock I just want to have in love them. Oh, it's the holiday album for the entire crack house. I'll be jail for Christmas. I'll also hear little druggy boy. I saw Santa breaking several laws and decked the halls with bounds of potlands, with special appearances by Charlie Sheen, Brett Butler, Willie Nelson, and many other celebrities who ruin their careers. The Robert Downey Jr. Christmas album. What are you doing this year? Me? I'll be jail for Christmas. I'll be jail for Christmas. Robert, stop that. Robert, thank you for coming. Who's just up buying, brought us all those great cigars from the next. Left your cell phone here. That would be a real bad way for the holidays. So George, come back. He's not for too long. Just to pick up your cell phone. It's ringing in our minutes. We're making federal noise. We're doing deals. Okay. We're making federal noise. We're making federal noise. We're making federal noise. We're making federal noise. We're making federal noise. We're making federal noise. We're making federal noise. We're making federal noise. Well, good morning. This is President. Sorry. I'm going to ask President Al Gore with my weekly radio address. You know, I'm getting a little crittered and all this indecision on the part of the court. One day I'm dead. The next day I'm the president. And then the next day I'm dead again. I've got some things I'd like to say about the United States Supreme Court. And Tom Scalia is the no-speaker. John Paul Stevens is in Kahnut. William Rangwitt dabbled with a two-play in the 70s. The end of the day, O'Connor, was caught with Janet Rino in a compromising position. I can't recall which judges are formally or against me. So I'm just going to say something about all of them. And then if it turns out they support me, I'll say back what I said about the good one. So continuing, Anthony Kennedy does not wear underpants. It's even brighter. Everyone knows is the llama lover. David Soder, one word in and let Pornow. Ruth Bader Ginsburg has a new picture of Martina Navarca Lova on her bridge writer and Claire Thomas. Well, I'll think we all know what he's done to the public. Let's withdraw this issue quickly so I can take back at least five horrible things I've planned. This is how it goes. And God bless the United States of America. I'm seeing like a wild, rich child. I've thought that you'd say to give all those. I'd love to bury those, and I'll give them the very least. Who don't know the Bible life I know. I'm just thinking like a wild, rich child. And how we all must think and act alike, not if things were never appropriate. Yeah, we're not if they want to follow everybody in the world with life and Christians. And look at the same and set the same things. boring, I don't think so. No, to me, that would be paradise. I'm looking at it. I am species who like oh, why? Christian. And how we all must think alike. All the days black and yet long must die. Until everybody is Christian. And what? all of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. I'm just going to say, I just owe you. We got the record and it's not the 85, 30 days in the long-sustie game. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. All of the perfect things that we've done. None you your hearts. Yeah! Usually yes, no No, have a noodles We'll be okay Move Do you want your Чesbu I know Yes I'm wearing her clothes, her still fancy clothes Walk the rest of the way and then turn away All right In the office there's a guy named Melvin He pretends that I am a thief right He'll say, all you ready will say Whoa man, all the pain went in the white desert A man who made her all all all all all in the world We can trade, flag my dollar all all all all But I'm so high-shade, and you're under my reign Walk the rest of the way and then turn away Life is different, but still I'm the one who made her all all all all We're in the red clothes, still fancy clothes Walk the rest of the way and then turn away Walk the rest of the way and then turn away Walk the rest of the way and then turn away You think black men are like your boys or boys A big black man, specialy, and chocolate tweedle by Screw on, you don't think that feeling a charity's wrong So then other boys or anybody with your giant soul sing strong Now it's a real life Roller What girls up your ass is dying Watch that night You think that you're dead, I think that you're dead I think that you're dead Fuck Screw him You be the big job bang tonight I'll smack your head and bruise on your body You lie, screw on him You get my bones your long and strong You carry the money to hold your hands no better than it's wrong Yeah You found that you lied You just beat my son The son of this evil You go harder to look like You're all the big little kids you got Go Just in time for the holiday season From epic records It's an eddy better Christmas Oh, they told me Double-bomb time Tell them you're walking to them Double-bomb time I'm a no-bomb That's right gang Listen to your favorite Pearl Jam front man Melt out his favorite Christmas classics And his three CD box set Which is guaranteed fun for the entire family So sit back and relax and listen to Eddie Vetter Sing Christmas Oh, John Crem Here's the towel Oh, I'm sorry Yeah, yeah Yeah, yeah The man that brought you even blood John Crem's black and several other pro-games songs And all the time the same Sing Christmas classics That you'll have to enjoy for years to come Yeah And listen to me One for all somebody's name Oh Oh Never gonna worry Did any better Christmas available now from epic records And dreamin' to the white neighbor Just like one of the times you know Where the longest were trim And the stars had rims The world's new season So very long ago I dreamin' of a white neighbor With every force you'll try not to ride Where your days be buried And ride And ride And make Those adorable little runts are back And a bread who adventure The Democrats in Paris There's the mouth Don't just talk that talk But walk the walk The brains The best way to feed the birds Is to give more oats to the horse The stud I am not satisfied And the wild one More than a hundred thousand positions And meet the newest infant simple Chad If you thought what the Democrats did in Florida was weird If we told you see what they do to the French Take your whole family to see the Democrats in Paris Where did GOT Now show you and select Florida counties This election doesn't matter Funny to be for 11 at 5.60WQM happy holidays From all your friends and the rest of us too Here at 2am Hey, how's that poor common fan So 122 votes so far Of all the things Neil talks about Which is the most interesting to you Or is I've now with an interesting Cocky 32 Number one by a mile and drawn away Religion 23 Politics 21 Inside radio stuff 19 Gaste of 11 Amsterdam Six The stock market for the track to die talk to and even health problems too As in My side is killing me Not but I'll work on it The Neil Roger show sports radio 5.60 QAF Break HL One One One One One One One On the first day of hotta My parents gave to me A picture of the set in front me On the second day of hotta My parents gave to me Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Two Twoumbпервых One Yeah Two Five Fiveowers Eight Eight Half Four Two Couple Five One Four Four Four Four One Four Wood Fighter I felt a thing away. So, but that nice, fight me, please. On the fifth day of Hanukkah, my parents yelled at me. For one thing of grace, one truth. Oh, Jimmy's got one. Maybe Jimmy's Catholic. Oh. And not what's he kept? No, I'm watching sure. Not what's in trails. Or a picture of my bad and forget. On the sixth day of Hanukkah, my parents made me sing. In my beloved rich man's song. No, no, no. We've been song every year. In front of my son, Jimmy's son. On the seventh day of Hanukkah. In the fifth day of Hanukkah, my parents made me sing. Seven free see, watchers. I want a rich man. I want a rich man. I want a rich man. I want a rich man. I want a rich man. Oh, no. Why is this a cut? On the eighth day of Hanukkah, my parents gave to me. Nothing that I wanted. Ten of these little watches. Yes, but what a rich man. Where is my Christmas shoe? Now he told you, candy. Three, he has a shirt too. They can trade them. And a picture of my sad and hurt me. Oh, man. I can't touch. Hey. Oh, I'm a fag, this is a shocker. I thought you'd made it one more push. Oh, I'm a fag, this is a shocker. How very epic. Because I just made it one more push. Well, I'm not going. So I ain't like John Rocker. If I wand up losing to George W. You're good. All the counting for them to spend it. What you're about to start off. All my votes are taken away. No, pay me, chapel cow. Well, I feel like I've been rear-endant. And upon my head, there's this Christmas boy. Please, come. I work around over by a ring here. Come to United States of Reemcore. Yes, the flag in me by the Bealberg. Oh, go ahead, go ahead, go ahead. Oh, go ahead, go ahead. Oh, go ahead. You know what? This sucks. There was a blue man. There was a blue man. There was a blue man. There was a blue man. There was a blue man. There was a blue man. There was a blue man. There was a blue man. There is a little reason selects. But it's just A C O. It's that it wasn't. But if you look back on me, do you want to go back to your place? You weren't feeling fine right? Then your face turned on white. Only then you, you turned blue, didn't listen to the melody. Good bye to you. Forever. Forever. Life's better than you are to death. The kingdom of the recovery. Every night I met home. And I'm watching TV. Don't know who I am to sit. Through all his dumb movies and listen to the world. Forever. I think of the cruel. The day is not all of us. But as I watch his clicks. And I look at all those chicks. I wish I knew if they would I could do this. I could do this. Would you like to learn how to angle your part of civil? Can you make a propositional phrase sound like a proposition? Is your composition compromising? Now, here's a dull grammar. A new book by Dr. Zavie Yarra L'Ello, author of Great bathroom books and 30 dirty thoughts. You'll learn, prepositional phrasing. All right. Go ahead. I'll call me. Contractions. But I don't want to touch your pants. Passive birds. Make a cotton to do more. Set and sample so hot. We can't stay on the radio. Learn to make your sentence as sizzle. Call 1-800-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F-F- The minute we're born we start dying we die a little more every day Younger old, with your poor there's nothing we can do to stop it So as long as that Christmas tree it may be the last one night They'd go rape your house in green and red because someday you'll be dead Oh, right, dead, dead, dead Someday you'll be dead, dead, dead, dead I'm going to hear you, I'm going to hear you, I'm going to hear you It's my second night in a couple months or 50 years from now But no matter where it happened it was still too soon to you So be sure, no Christmas Eve and you snuck away after Christmas That you think are boy your family because someday they'll be dead And they'll die, dead, dead Someday they'll be dead, dead, dead Someday we'll all be dead We know so many Christmas and the sun's red to me that's your life Nobody knows, that's my point, enjoy the love you can And someone who's with me already let good sight in the snow What a festive season, someday you'll be dead You're dead, dead, dead, dead Someday we'll be dead, dead, dead As we won't know just a very merry Christmas to you Merry Christmas everybody It's hard to be a Jew on Christmas My friends will let me join in any game And I kept it in Christmas, so I could get to wait a Christmas Eve For the water I'll pour the water, something along with me My people don't believe in Jesus Christ is in a King I'm a Jew, alone we do, on Christmas And I can't deny for why it's in the Santa Pesto My house every year, and instead of being in the house you'll be for your life Instead of silent night I've seen you move up so many And what the f*** is up we're fighting on these f***ing Santa Pesto in please I'm a Jew, alone we do, I can't be merry But I need room on Christmas Jesus will pour the water, I could not forgive Jesus will let that scream of cheer That's the state that you'll be saved This is the one month that you can be glad You know this place to be a Jew, alone we do, on Christmas You don't have to deal with the fear No, no, no, no You have to be on your fancy havia Or give the charity, you don't have to go to grandma's house With your alcoholic family You know, I'm so excited to have a meeting with Santa Pesto That's right, you're a Jew I'm sorry, you It's a good time to be able All presents Oh Oh Santa, you're so excited to have a meeting Oh, you're so excited to have a meeting Oh Oh Oh, that's it, I'm going to get it Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh I don't know Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh Oh This is what's president soon to be president Al Gore with my weekly radio address I'll figure out what get a head start on these and just do it as the sneaker commercial play The first thing I like to talk about is doctor Suzy have a grand soul Christmas This classic story for trays Jim carry as the Narlie of that John Wright de Pramp Grinch This man was high on Mount Crumpet apparently it's the apartment his rich oil dwelling father left him and who takes care of the rent for him Do you notice any similarities between the Grinch and another man who seems to be attempting to steal not Christmas But the election Hmm I'll just leave you with that thought as I talk about the who Who seems to represent the innocent ignorant people of America Why are the who knows it up near their eyes? Could it possibly be because they're sick of smelling the rhetoric the Republican party of shoveling? Hmm Another strange parallel Let's talk about the whoo hooter and the boo boo boo which are portrayed in this wonderful holiday classic I believe the boo hooter and the boo boo boo Various tracking is then once to dick chaney and colon towel It was this run-howard and imagine entertainment were saying look look at the travesty That George Bush is perpetrating on America But I could also be mistaken There are the phones continuing to ring with people upset over the whoo's and whooville And the bush is trying to go to Washington all answered that and see you next week with my radio address Okay, you're my little brother so I have to show you how to celebrate Hanukkah This is called a dream you spin it and see where it man and you sing this song I have a little trailer I made it out of play and then it's I am ready with trailer I shall play All jade or jade or jade or jade or jade or jade or jade or jade or jade or jade or jade or jade or jade or jade or jade or jade or jade or jade or jade or jade or jade or jade or jade Now you try it I just spin it with your fingers right then And you can't sing a little piece of the song right away So he's only in one fire Hey what the hell are you doing? Oh hey Carmen look my trailer do you want to try? Yeah He's a little trailer that's not in major play but I'm not gonna play with it because they don't I'm just kidding Shut your mouth that up Dude Dude Dude That's why they're name or kadoljade or jade or jade or jade Dude I made you out of play Dude Dude Dude that's why they're name What's going on? Oh it's that Monica thing Dude amazing He's spinning it's thing on the ground and he goes Man, he's spinning man I can watch it Let me try I'll try to make it Dude That was trying to get out of my knee I need you out of play Jade with me Dude Dude I can't win Dude Dude I need you out of play Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude Dude What's the matter? I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. I'm just kidding. Court me, const, I love you. Your soul, pot, on that show. Yeah, court me, const, add, pot, pot. We're singing about a dream. Oh, sorry. You're talking about the way you're doing. I came upon a road you can do a sorrowful sight to be born. You lay upon the height you waded, His body was stiff and cold. I bet he never saw the car, Corneed through the snow, The light shone right we in the light, And then they lay them low. I came upon a road you can do a sorrowful sight to be born. You lay upon the height you waded, The light shone right we in the light, We came upon a road you can do a sorrowful sight to be born. You lay upon the height you waded, We came upon a road you can do a sorrowful sight to be born. You lay upon the height you waded, We came upon a road you can do a sorrowful sight to be born. You lay upon the height you waded, The light shone right we in the light, We came upon a road you can do a sorrowful sight to be born. You lay upon the height you waded, Oh, What a good market. What make a few bucks back? I'm at a chapter 11 at 5.50 WQM. That pole is really smoking 196 volts already. Of the things that Neil talks about which is the most interesting to you. Number one, hockey! That's more. Well 43. We're lichen 41. Politics and inside radio stuff tied with 33. Gaste of 20 and Angst that I'm with 9. Stock market 7. The track with 4, die talk with 4. And health problems too. Should have made that more specific like bowel problems. Happy holidays from our good buddy Nick and Nick Jr. and Nick Sr. and Mike and George. Who left his cell phone here. I'll see you doesn't listen to the show. He has no ear on him. But he did come back for it. Okay, I said he's listening right now. Happy holidays, George. Anyway, next is where you get low factory direct pricing. And some of the greatest regards ever made in history of the human race. The great predominant reserve my favorite, which I got a whole box over right here. Because Frank didn't get his hands on these. And by the way, if speaking of the holidays, Frank, That's for you, no extra charge. Okay, I fucking blow! worthwhile Music Key band Pink 2019 I smoke to judge alien truth. It makes me feel alright. I smoke to judge, I cover a tree. And the blue is not able. I smoke to judge people, I smoke to judge. I dare not judge to walk. Oh my daddy, he wants to meet the new sea on the map. But mama, he wants to meet the new sea on the map. Since one day, I met him and I came from the east. I thought it was good and hard work, but first take care of him. So now I smoke to judge when I get up. In the car I smoke to judge. I smoke to judge when I'm to give the all game. And every 10 thousand boys I smoke to judge. I smoke to judge, it's time for me. And to in time for... I smoke to judge people, I smoke to judge. And they are like smoke to walk. And they are like smoke to walk. But first take care of him. And to in time for me. And to in time for me. And to in time for me. And to in time for me. And to in time for me. I smoke toил, I smoke to judge. And to in time for me. And toaffe for me. And to in time for me. And to 좋아 sugar, pepper for me. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. I'm so happy to be here. Hello,翅翅. From Shrektoe to him, see you everything around... Oh! Hello, I'm Joer musical. Please show me the mood or not. I'm so happy speaking toです. Tokyourf King! I was there before you. Oh, good old guys. You approach a beautiful woman's car. She will not let you in because she has the snub. Get out of here, you dog. The snub. Look, I told you, I don't watch you in me, okay? I told you, I don't want my weird shield clean. I don't even cry clean. I don't even know what you said. I know what you said. No, stop it, dude. Because let me tell you something. I know you trying to pick me up. I know it, I know it for a fat. Oh, okay. I know what you said. I know what you said. Yeah, you all like my foreshadden. But I know the law of the law of the law. There's some felix from being action. But I know the law of the law. John, we now want to manage our lives. But I know the law of the law. Get that crowbarer and watch it. But I know the law of the law of the law. Reduce your food up to a knifle. Please, your buns like Mr. Whipple. And then then then then then then then then you'll know the way you feel. Reaction. But I know the law of the law. If you have your own, like my foreshadden. But I know the law of the law of the law. You're a Christian, but I know you. Where do you want the right to be? If you have your own, like my foreshadden. You're a Christian, but I know the law of the law. You're a Christian, but I know the law of the law. You're a Christian, but I know the law of the law. You're a Christian, but I know the law of the law. You're a Christian, but I know the law of the law. You're a Christian, but I know the law of the law. You're a Christian, but I know the law of the law. You're a Christian, but I know the law of the law. You're a Christian, but I know the law of the law. You're a Christian, but I know the law of the law. You're a Christian, but I know the law of the law. You're a Christian, but I know the law of the law. You're a Christian, but I know the law of the law. You're a Christian, but I know the law of the law. You're a Christian, but I know the law of the law. You're a Christian, but I know the law of the law. You're a Christian, but I know the law of the law. You're a Christian, but I know the law of the law. you're a Christian, but I know the fact. don't know the awesome tales. don't know the alltamor truth. Yeah! tum right a toe that deep int WIL to the sky is all moop ang The Outdoor Oh Future I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I got a bad habit of jumping like a rabbit with a new dictionary on. I know it sounds happy, but I'm so sorry. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I hear it when I'm shopping. Everybody. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I'm going to the town of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country. I came upon a road to the city of the country.