quickly no was Do the pole. In their merciless walker, then came to attack their boat. It's too hard to speak. That's what some are complaining. There's too many holes, I can't control our nuts. Look at the salad. It's all a get-up tip. Part of all the confusion. And this butterfly, there you go, and it's got everybody's I'm from Toronto, Boat. It's all a get-shina's out of control. The salad's in loss. They can't find the hole. Where does the salad sauce go? Nobody knows. It's part of all the confusion. It's part of all the confusion. The boat are closed. Let's go home. To watch network TV for returns on the final result. They say it's good. Wait. Not anymore. Now they say it's good. We've been up all night and Florida still don't seem right. For some balance we're starting. Inside somebody's trunk. Thank everybody. And Florida, who voted for Governor Jasmine. It should be very clear. What happened down here? Get one strategy to win. Let's take out the game. And that's how it's done. In Florida's dog. In that benefician man's dog, nothing has been written. Now everybody around the world knows that Florida's voted with all the wrong holes. The America's flag is the land of the walk-in dance. It's part of all the confusion. It's part of all the confusion. So if you don't hold the threshold or our hold will be too high. If you're in that region, you're in that region. Somebody sure more to stick to please. 10 out to 5 or 60 of it a QM. I'm going to tell you this is just it's beyond description. It's indescribable. Like what it's not. I know what I just said. I'm speechless. And it's not only Florida. The good news is that we got a lot of company. For example, guess what? They find 500 more draw votes in the Mexico. They're somehow got like a shuffled aside. They struggle amongst somebody's income. Yeah. Or under somebody's armpit. And now for us to head no much to go again. So we asked the police yesterday. You think, well, ever we know who won this election. We had six, look at the number. 666 said. No. How do you like that? I told you it was the hand of the guy. He came down and struck W right there in the person. Give him that big boil. 666, 68 and a half percent said no one ever know. And 300, 6 very silly people said, oh yeah. 31 percent. Yeah, we'll know. Out of 972 votes. Why? Now in one hour, 11 o'clock the circuit called judging tell a hand. He's going to rule on whether or not the Catherine Harris and her boyfriend. I mean, yeah, whether we're going to have to stop and to certify by five o'clock. But I would like to point something out to you. For those of you, bush people that are counting your ass before it's upside down. Let me just send you this right now. That even if they do certify by five the second one, that's only the 67 counties. That doesn't include the overseas absentee ballots. And for the first time, what I heard a lot of a big upset and number up there in five to UC would have was, oh, I think it's 383. But anyway, for the first time I heard this, that they sent four thousand. I'm not making this up. 4,000 absentee ballots too. Israel. Now wouldn't that be sweet ironing after that virulent anti semi James Baker and that whole Georgia, a Bush senior pop a Bush clan. They've virulent anti semi sub there. Who thinks that they managed to steal the election by what wouldn't that be? I don't know. Sweet justice. So the state judge is going to be ruling 11 o'clock. We'll have it right here. We'll be on Fox. We'll be on CNN. We'll be all on MSNBC. We'll be everywhere. First days before his DWI episode came back to haunt Georgia, W. Bush. He nearly had a sex scandal, content with when police caught a 16 year old nephew, romping naked inside a park car with a 17 year old school girl. A ride. John J.B. Bush, the son of W. J. Younger brother for the governor, J. Bush, was nabbed having son outside the Tallahassee mall on October 7 by a pair of all security guards who reportedly steamed wind ocean and against the Tallahassee police are to ask a friend. Brandon reports as Jenny Bush is unarmed, blind companion, a student at an elite private school who both naked from the waist down. A ride. And locked in a lusting embrace inside a blue jeep Cherokee. The couple filed a sexual misconduct report since the couple were having second public youth, this is from the New York Post paid six by the way. The body bus nearly made prep paid news around the sunshine, stayed with the AP, the heroed in the same peat times all obtained the police. The police were in the same place as the Randy reports but they spiked the story. Originally they thought it was Jenny's older brother George P, that hunky George P was involved in this, but they found out it was only a little jubby. They said who cares about that. And they shmicked it. So how do you like that? This good upstanding family that wants to bring these and see the morality back to America. They're banging their brains out and cars outside parking lots. They're having a good boat. Belter too. You see what Martin Sheen said about George W. He said he's a white knuckle drunk. And he's very very no sir, so that's the direct call. He said he's very concerned that if he gets in because Drunks who really want to reform, they go to like, you know, something. They go to AA, AA or something. Anything. Anything with an A in a can of it. But he didn't go anywhere. He didn't get any kind of assistance any kind of help. In other words, he's a white knuckle drunk in denial is what Martin Sheen says. Martin Sheen out of no because he's on that show. So he ought to know meaning that the machines now function in some way they couldn't count all the boat. Okay, that's why they suspended a recountant Palm Beach County devoted by two to one the suspended thing in Palm Beach. So and they're waiting of course for that ruling to come down. And also the Democratic Party in Palm Beach has gone to court. Everybody today, kiss. We don't get a lot of calls today. I'm not going to worry about it because everybody's in court. Everybody judge in court. Everybody lawyers in court. Everybody with an ass to grind is in court. Almost everybody who voted on his thing is in court. I think you ought to know a little bit more about cancer and heres. Our secretary of state. She endured snow and some freezing new hamster temperatures to campaign for George W. She toured the panhandle and a motorhome to urge elected Democrats to switch parties. Florida Secretary of State Catherine Harris is eight. It's fiercely low out of the Republican Party and ruling Monday to Florida's counties must to learn a vocality through a by five p.m. today or risk being ignored. Touched off a lot of criticism, including a charge of partisanship from former US Secretary of State Warren Christopher here to monitor the B.C. for Al Gore. Noting that Harris has been a long supporter of J.B. and George W. and very active in the W.C. campaign, Christopher said that in her statement, it has the look of it effort to produce a particular result in the election rather than ensure the voice of the voters will be heard. Harris's granddaughter of Ben Hill Griffin Jr., a citizen cattle maggot. She has a net worth of only $6.9 million. I'm a shostyle. How do you like that? Nice quick, too, Catherine. Sitress. Oh, under, but the good news is today. I'm glad you mentioned that. Judge Blast Canter program. A flower turkey court judge issued a seemingly duke of agriculture commission about Crawford Monday saying the first member likes a property owner has been trampled by the surface Canter eradication program and his judge is going to rule on Friday. In which he'll either allow the state to keep cutting down healthy citrus trees or order them to stop and prep the crap. The judge says if ever there was a demonstration or lack of concern for the individual residents, this is it. The first amendment includes the right to petition your government. We elect people to represent us not to do what's been done in this case. He says, I'm extremely disturbed. This is Bell Circuit Judge Leonard's fleet as an animal. He says, he just don't walk on individual rights. Not in this country and not a matter's before this court. God damn it. That's what he said. Nice going there, Judge Blast. You need a scorecard now. Forget about the ballot cards. We need a scorecard. He's a witch lawsuit. It's a witch court and witch judge is refusing himself because you opened up a big mouth. You see that about the judge in Palm Beach. Stephen Raff. We said they're all about your assholes and let's and lose their souls anywhere or something like that. He got the, I think he got a bum wrap. Anyway, nine minutes after ten is five, six, two, two and one is one laugh a little bit because anybody that takes this a little bit too seriously. Just calm down because I can't maintain, especially after that king last night. Oh, wow. How can a brewery still be an, oh, that's why they're on the bus getting out of town with a whole bunch. The whole organization. Bye bye, Terry. Let's all put our hands together and say bye bye. The Terry Murray. That was the all time worst last night. That was the most embarrassing. The pretty sure they're going to be playing in front of Empty Arena will be nobody in there, including me. No question of the person, no, you could be for them. No, no, no, no, no, no. The commissioner, WCLM, this is my time to complete. Hey, hey, well, we're out tomorrow, Mom. Good bye, Mr. Murray. You killed the TV and you wouldn't know. Good hockey, if it's with you, who are the assholes? Well, it tells you how to do it. Rectown. You're calling must be nuts. You keep you all the, you couldn't manage your check for another five, it's been. That at one time has all the rights to go. And it's only today for a sila spray when you're the one day train. I'd let you leave. So for get Christmas, your hockey queen. You thought that you would do better, that's not the same thing. And point the things up and anymore. There's no one next to me. Good bye, O'Brien Murray. You can't admit that. You don't know. Shut up, running all hockey teams. I'm sure not interested in hearing why. But from now, how you try. You can't deny that. You made the concert just because you saved us, now because. And as a manager, you're nearly. Oh. And it has to do name for a sila spray. They're all the ones that you made. And when you leave, don't forget Christmas, all your hockey queen. You taught that you must do the same thing. Just today has to be so terrible. And it's a little bit of a little bit of a class. Just step aside and say bye bye. 10 16 at 5 60 WM Foxy saying, and of course the Fox News that we're thinking of the first on everything, whether they just make it up or not. They're saying that the announcement has come on a 10 30 this morning from the circuit of the judge's tell us. CNN insisted on the clock. So we'll say here on Fox because maybe they'll make it up. They don't have a truth. Maybe they got a relative of the judge who can tell us because Fox News admits Bush cousin help predict his victory. Seeing the executives for the Fox News channel for the fashist news to that's what the F stands for in Fox Fashism. You know how all the networks they had the little logo in the bottom right hand court. I want to just put a swastika in the bottom right hand court in the next or yeah. Seeing the executives for the Fox News channel like now is Monday night that John Ellos and executive will play the central role in the first decision on election night to project the George W. head on the turn of the seat and who is a first cousin of Bush spend much of the night in communication with the candidate. The Fox executive said they had been unaware of the contact and said Ellos had missed use his role within that work perhaps damaging his reputation, which of course is a joke. How can he damage your reputation when you don't have any? Damage reputation. Ellos the head of the election desk for Fox News now worked acknowledge that an article published this week in New York magazine that he held repeated phone conversation with Bush and his brother Jenny the governor of Florida throughout the election. I give him the indications the way the vote was going. John Moody, the vice president of editorial news for Fox News channel. I thought he was a race driver Hazel Park. John Moody said that we know he was on the phone was cousin? No. He added just as we wouldn't have expected him to tell us the details of the family dinner. Need to read the respect and interest of the candidate. You'll see the fund by officials from the Gore campaign Monday night as evidence that Fox's bias to Republican candidate and that's the Fox call of the election for Bush was the start of a chain of events that led to preliminary impression that Bush was the winner of the Social Contestant race. Fox has been in a vowed enemy of the Gore campaign throughout the election. Mark Fabiani, the campaign communications director. To have a network like Fox call that everybody follows suit was a tremendously damaging thing. It literally took 24 to 48 hours to convince people that Gordon won the popular vote. Fox was among the first to call the race for Bush based on his leave with almost all the patients counted each of the other TV news organizations through the same conclusion matter of minutes. Ellis acknowledged that during that he did speak frequently with Governor Bush and Governor they are his first cousins. So once again the stench of commoner comes from this whole operation that we call a presidential election. No more paper ballots. Just like that thing about no more wire hangers, no more paper ballots ever ever again. That's what I've just indicated. No, God. I just put the ruling down right now from on high from my throne. No more freaking paper ballots like the ones in New Mexico. Here's a bunch of turn one bloods cut these they look good for Bush. Here's a bunch of ones we found out they were armpit they look good for Gore back and forth and back and forth. It's a joke. And the whole economy and that's just this country the whole economy and the world. They're all sitting holding their breath, peeing in their pants, changing their dependivity, two seconds, waiting on the outcome of this like it really means something. Here's a mobile and high aliah. Hello Neil? Yes sir. How old are they? Yeah, what about them? They're going to win all that. So anyway, what was I just saying before this jackass was on? The more paper ballots. No more paper ballots, no more wire hangers. Or I was going to get to our poor question and grab this color of mind of me. How about those maple leaves? No, that's not a poor question. How interested are you now in the outcome of this election? I mean in the reason I'm asking this question now is because after all of this I don't care how fanatical you are but there can't come up point at which you finally say I can't handle any more of it. You don't want to say how interested are you now in the outcome of this election? Here are the three choices. Still very interested getting less interested by the day or sick of it. Get it over already. That's a great poll Neil. Thank you. How interested are you now in the outcome of this election? Still very interested getting less interested by the day or sick of it. Get it over already on theoorge.com. That's our poor question for today. Now what the guy say go leave school? Right. Amen. Here's Miramar hello. Yeah. I need to let me go further forward into this quadmart of legal actions and our time is to be in and recap. What do you think is going to happen this summer when the true occurs means you're going to be with me without Florida or just just to be bypassing the right to knew we see the house. What do you think? What do I think? Yeah. I don't know. I haven't got any idea. How would I know that? I'll tell you. Here's a great suggestion for you. Thank you. Coyotea Jackson Hudson, Whoa! Set Ready for the flight, man. Hit Coyotea. Türk aming. and we're going to see them be a take on it. 560, 0.560, 0.560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. We're getting ready for this first of many big announcements coming shortly during 8 minutes of the belief Fox or 38 minutes of the belief CNN and I don't believe any of them. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. What is that all about? This one will not pick up line 6. We have more phone problems now. Line 5 is dead and now line 6 won't pick up. Let me try somebody else. Hit the other next button just try to carry out. Next button they do the phone and just died. The phone just died. Here we go again. See that? Here's here. There's got his my witness. There's a... Oh God! Look, I'm punching a button. There's nothing else. Constrous range. I'm punching a button and we'll not put these on here. They're just still all flashing there. This place I'm going to tell you something. If I didn't have that bonus check in my pocket right now, which I do. This is just enough to drive you insane. I apologize to those of you who want to find. Oh, that was a... I never had the problem. I love that. That was a great time. Yeah, hold me on the phone and it's up again for a change. Okay, can't put in those back to the gun. That's okay. We'll re-boat it and maybe maybe we'll be able to put them on the half the Carlos back. Once again, WDQA in the B3B. In fact George B3 was in the wilderness morning. Pouring around the hallway dressed up as a duck. Which I thought was kind of interesting. Give it a shot before we yell. Give it a shot with one. See if we can just say whatever. Here's a mobile or what's candle. Hello. Hey, how are you going? All right. Hey, this is... I wanted to ask you something. Why did they throw a jackson out yesterday? They didn't throw a mouth. They said they didn't have enough security there. And you better go someplace where you'll be safe. Well, listen, I didn't get a rat call. Yes, but it was from Little Havana. I wanted to say something to me. He said about the Cuban American. First of all, I'd like to thank our Roth-made reporters. Yeah, absolutely nothing. 98,000 votes down the tail of which score would have gotten about 78%. Yep. I've been trying to make this country like France with a million parties. Thanks a lot. You did absolutely nothing. And I don't even... Not all right, that's it. All these parties didn't even invite us. Yep. Second of our meal, let me tell you some stupid people shouldn't be allowed to breathe. That should be a lot. The stupid people make stupid kids. Well, sure, we'll make a lot more room for the rest of us. OK, thanks a million. Here's the fact that you hit the head. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. This is beautiful. It's because I've ordered for George W. Bush but at the time I was under the impression that it was already for his dad. Ha ha ha ha ha. Here's one of this. How many pumbi Democrats does it take to screw in the light bulb? None. They can't find the hole. These are some good ones. So what happened? You rebooted it and they immediately came back up as that was the deal. I guess. OK. I'm going to make some room a little more excitement. I might have helped not make these people work a little bit harder. Here's the lady, mobile and plantation, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. How are you doing? How are you doing? Yes. Does the Electoral College pass to vote for the person that the state said, well, do they have a vote? Beoretically, they don't. But the fact is that the parties get all very highly Partisan political people and there is not a Chinaman's chance. You know, it's half of a couple of times in our history. But the odds that the elector is not going to vote for their candidate is highly unlikely. So you don't think there's a chance that the Electoral College could clear the situation. I mean, there's always a possibility. I didn't hear what you said. I'll pretend I know what you said. There's always that possibility. But unlikely. Don't hold out for that. Okay, just curious. Okay. Thank you. See, thank God I talked to over because she said there's something. It sounded like something like that. Five, six, seven. We got the floor working now. We're watching the Fox because they promised to be first with a judge. That probably probably have a guy in a role. Maybe it would be Judge Waffner. It's on election night in a county that size and not know you Didn't count them. A lot of things here are not beginning to add up. Yeah. I hope that they plan here is to not work. And so you don't get any certification from Florida on December the 18th. I don't know. It's definitely their electoral votes aren't part of the total. And that ensures a war victory. Wouldn't that be a shame. Yeah. Yeah. Look, just look at all the possibilities. The fact is it's rigged. No matter who wins, it's still rigged. 26th after 10 at 5. 6. W. K. And beat that data me. And the. Now the. Do we let this Florida elected supervisor go to the. Uh. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I. I'm with a call. I'm. No. I'm. But it's. It's. No. It's. Why. What. What. What. What. What. How are. What. What. What. It's. It's. It's. It's. You. All. It's. No. I. Okay, 10.30 at 5.50 WC. I'm the run on a spot on Fox. So I don't think that the judge, at least not write it 10.30 so guess what Fox. Long again, don't have enough welders who would judge on their staff. 5.60, 5.50, 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Palm Beach County has suspended their recap by a two-to-one vote of the election board and the Brown County last night by a similar vote decided that we're not going to recount. They only find four votes more for gold. That was only in one precinct though. That was out of 4,000 votes. That's one out of a thousand. So like a half million vote, so it would be like a 5,000 votes that they could have to find for Gordon Brown. But they said, nah, I don't want to tell you about the judge, the Ben of Claude Howard judge in Brown who is the signing vote on that. He's a little late in the low frizz as what I'm hearing and why the hell he did that I have no idea. So there are all kinds of things going on over that nobody can keep track of, but this decision that's coming on sometime between now and the clock will be a little bit more idea. Then ask me some questions. Here's a lady in North, where is it North Palm Beach? Hello. Yes, the morning was here from North Palm Beach, calling I heard from my family of North in the New York area that the New York Times had a story that the asking tea ballots went out already marked for a seven of Bush. And if anybody heard that and they still have some next steps all over the news. I have a story here. One's nicely the ballots, I have just one second. It says in the weeks before the presidential election, Florida Republicans bailed party voters tens of thousands of requests for absentee ballots that were virtually completed, requiring only the applicant signature and social security number. The aim was to drive up absentee voting for Governor George W. In and over, they didn't actually mark the ballot, but the the application forms that already been marked had already been filled out. I think that's an outrage. I don't know why the national media hasn't picked up on this. Well, I mean there's some of there's so many irregularities and so much fraud going on. It's hard to keep track of all of it. I was asked down yesterday at the rally on the county and West Palm Beach on Monday and also on Friday and apparently again the national media isn't focusing on I think the outreach that the floor in the books field, that was going on down here. Well what can I tell you? I mean it's all the hands of the judges now whether the media is in a little bit or a little bit. You know Alan Dursher which was on last night and he made it again. He made the points that I've been making that this ballot in Palm Beach County is illegal. It's absolutely positively illegal. But I don't think I'm going to get a judge's tour on that because if they do rule that way, what if they there's no way that they can ever revote in Palm Beach? Yeah, I agree. It's not possible. I think it's not. I don't think so. Okay good luck. I too want. We're still waiting. We're still going. Austin is arguing vice president Al Gore wants to keep counting votes until he gets the results he likes. Bush attorneys are considering filing a appeal in federal court trying to stop Florida manual recounts. Late yesterday Bush Communications Director Karen Hughes spoke that. Oh no I'm not putting that picture on. He gives me the creeps that's a Becky broad. You know that one I'm talking about. Maybe we could hook her up with January. No what do you say? Anyway here's a fact that says that on these rallies I just don't know. It says it's quite disturbing to receive a call and late evening from dear friends worried about this world while the whole world is watching and laughing at the state of Florida. It's high time we stand to be counted too. There are laughing at the state of Florida. Just like when we had that alien business down here, there always laughed at the state of Florida rightfully so. I hastened to points that out. It's not like their laughing at us just because they hate us. There are laughing at us because we're laughing stock. We can't do anything right. I'm asking all residents says this fact of Brewer County to convene on downtown for a waterdale in front of the government set of a South Andrews Avenue and a South West Second Street to show a Jane Kerala republic and elected official that we indeed want to vote counted. And the call teller has you not the supervisor of elections though we mean business. We mean business baby. She should not be allowed to call the vote to let her be able to count. I think he's talking about the Secretary of State that's in Catherine of Bitch Harris. It says please I urge you to send this email to everyone you know in Broward County and during the high noon rally for our right to be heard. Don't let Jenny Bush in a party control your mind stand up and be counted. Who today? We're rallying downtown for waterdale. Put on your ballot caps. All you do realize that if this judge rules in the next 25 minutes that the recar account has to stop by five o'clock enough they're going to have to certify. I think a lot of rallies are going to come to a screeching halt. I could be wrong. How come out poll is not I don't want to start getting pushy with Eric maybe Eric didn't miss the poll. I'm going to be just thought it was a bad poll question and didn't like it. Maybe he don't like my poll question today. Don't put too bad Eric. They didn't miss the trade again. How interested are you now in the out-kill of this election? Still very interested getting less interested by the day or second. Get it over already. Those are your three choices. I don't want to tell you which one I feel. So I dare say which one I'm going to vote. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah sure. We could acknowledge that we have a crisis with the tech you use this level. The AT&TM's baby car is that right. Swipe the car. Why can't they have a car to the back of your race session number all this year? It's only information where you're poverty to me. You can see the tech tree. You're in a world for this one. It's a per thousand one. You want to vote for you. You want to vote for the other one. The higher the ATM's the banks. I would say they don't make them in any state. Because it's a lot harder to wriggle. I shouldn't say that kind of technology going. And we're delighted. I have to see America's fucking way. Try it. You have this car sort of critical. I suppose you're like, I don't want to make a car out of town. That is right. I don't understand it. I mean, they have to go with these all fashion papers and one by one. And then we expect to register the world of respect this like we know what the hell we're doing here. Exactly. I mean, come on. I mean, this is like the only reason now for this. I mean, they're doing this. This kind of boy and something like that. I mean, this is the positive advantage that we have all the technology that's been only sick off the moon. It's very helpful to themselves. That's because they're not nobody else. But they can get this train. You've got it. That's why I wanted to play. Have a great life now. I like to watch this two show past. We like fixed elections. We like to rig it. This is, you know, everybody jokes about it and that makes a little slide last year in the back. And you know, we got you. And then we call other places banana republics. How dare anybody in the state of Florida ball places talk about any place else is a banana republic. This is the top banana right here. And the judge ain't speaking. It just relax. Fox wide is usual. They're full of crap. It's just been delayed the 11 o'clock. But they figured they get suckers like me to tune in only we don't have a meal from thing on our TV and here. So it's not going to do any good. Okay. You fasches not be banked. You put no dot. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Any. Are you doing? All right. I'm a student myself and I'm a baristore. I'm a student fellow here because everywhere I go talking around and say, you know, all I hear is like push, push, push, you know. And they don't end the bush. I mean, they don't even know anything of the fact going about this man. You know, they don't know what kind of harm the guy's going to do for the next four years. And they also don't understand that the party that they embraced so dearly is the anti-negration policy that would like to set them all back where they came from. Yeah, you know. And it's like, I mean, I don't know. I'm just in embarrassed. I mean, they're all too far because they took you the other way from them. Yeah, I'm all right. This is the way it's good news. Yeah. Well, they don't, I mean, we'd like to see you and I think those all the voting stuff that's going on the following we have included. It's a lot of seeing down my middle. It's a good book. Okay, very good. Excellent thing. All right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We're just by and our time here waiting until here come the judge. I'm, I wouldn't get, wouldn't be great if it turned out it was your drop there because they went to the Coralmaner was your drop there. And Dustin Hoffman was shit in your like, in the front row. Just shouldn't like rockin' back in fourth. But I say 21 before 11 at 5, 6, keep you way in. I think I did. The El Roger show. You'll support for 80, 5, 60. You, A, M. 84 or other than 5, 6 years say if I will mention philosophy leave. Okay, there you guys are going to be going out in the QM fan down in Ken global credit exactly where we're going to get there when they decide whether they're good. What? Oh, Joe, I can't even love Joe is going out. Just relax. Okay, then we'll use from Joe. Joe did a great job at the hockey game last night. He was there with that black leather jacket on. Looking like Joe, Castella, but a black leather jacket on. So we got the rally coming up. We're waiting for the judge. We're waiting to see if Palm Beach and Broward. Our big county was supposedly there were meeting this morning about 10 minutes still, 10 and I never saw him more about it. I'm getting off of Fox. They make me sick. I'm tired of seeing those guy down a little guy's goose stepping around in the background. But anyway, they were supposed to be voting on one of their military count. Just the 10,000 ballots that were under us. They don't want the ovars, but they want the under. That's what any K-coulders told them. Just check out the under. The ones where nobody allegedly voted in the presidential race. And for the guy who called yesterday, there was give me a big condescending song in advance, to tell me how to do the show. Oh, well, everybody knows that if they sure want to ballot because you didn't vote one, right? If they don't throw the whole thing out, well, everybody assumed that included me up until the year, but the media have been telling us contrary and talking about discarding the ballots, which sounds to a lot of people and makes people very nervous that they're both in the other races don't get counted. Speaking of which, Elaine Bloom not only lost the play show by fire and some votes, but now comes to find out because you read about that. Then in some of the precincts, they had the wrong congressional race on a ballot for like two or two and a half hours. And in some of the precincts, they had in part of the precincts on some of the machines, they had the right race and in some of the other machines, they had the wrong candidate for the wrong congressional district, which lasted for two to two and a half hours. A couple of two couples said that the husband voted for one in one race and the white voted in the other race, the human race because they had the wrong names. I said, oh no, we're not going to let you a challenge these. This election smells, I mean, it's just enough to make you a puke. I'm still very interested in fire. I didn't vote for that one. Here's a mobile in higher league, hello. Well, I'm in less than, but no. Here's a mobile in Western, yes, sir. Okay, I just wanted to make a mention of fact that I'm getting kind of sick and tired of our commissioner of agriculture, my Crawford too. He's doing an awful lot of spending out there for the Republicans too. I think they ought to hook him up to an orange tree and spin him right off into orbit. Yeah, I think they're going to let his own. Infertankers, but and today you trying to tell us, no, Katherine Harris, she's a woman of a wrong mind, she makes up on his position, she's not part of the party. Wow. Oh, there you go. And let me answer this. I think the ought of probably asked Bob Crawford what he thinks is on George W. She's what if it's turned out to be a painter? Yeah, that would be the end of him. He'd be finished. Is that the end of the show? How about the chopper's at the bottom? What is it? I think that's the effective site where the puppet string are attached to it. That could be it. And one thing, now, the young, young, Mr. Forsynder, Jim Sun, got caught? Yeah, but he's getting hand jab or a blow jab. No, okay, we'll check it out. Oh, bye. Yeah, the recounting, like I said, in some places that it's still a hand job. That's what the whole voter, that's what they hold, elect you at an estate, and that's how you're getting a big hand job. I don't even feel good. That's what they're getting. We got 15 minutes to go, man. Just strike yourselves in. For the next decision by the next judge in the circuit court in Tallahassee, can they curtail his thing at five this afternoon? Well, Katherine Harris is fascist ruling, but the votes must be sure to five by five today. We'll let stand up. We'll see lay down again and we'll be JBBA next door. Have we ever seen you? I've never saw the other son did you? Maybe he's lucky. No, sure. I don't know. We'll always see that. They keep trying out George P, because he used to look pretty good. He's still looks okay, but not like he used to. He's getting over your by the minute. Here's Key West, Tallahassee. Yeah, you need a. Yes, sir. What's up with the phones? I got kicked off three times. Because the phone screwed up. He's a client. Oh, down here, Key West, you need a nut like any of the candidates. So we did the protest vote. Yeah. Most people I talked to and they voted for John McCain. Oh, beauty. I hear that. Yeah, I love it. There's a lot of people who don't hear the like what's your problem. They think they have a God complex or something. They don't go. I'm rather catching on and have a great thing. Yes, you know something. I just don't on me. I think John McCain, if Bush gets in, they're going to kick Cheney out of there. Cheney will run off in the will put pop of Bush. They're going to put Cheney out of what's his name on her McCain, because then they can have like matching bandages. Have you noticed that George W. He's got the advantage on the left cheek and McCain is on there the right cheek. I do believe he was the other way around. Something like that. And then if we have any economic problems, they can just kind of like put a bandage on the problem. 560, 560, 560. 560. They think I have a God complex and T weather. And how does that mean? It's a freaking radio show. Okay, it's a radio show. If you like it, find it. That's cute. Okay, I don't care. I'm doing the best I can. I'm here to entertain the public. I don't know a God didn't think about anything. If I did, I wouldn't have my money with me switched by the way. He voted for George W. Yeah, another due for factions because it's good for the market. How do you like that? Oh, yeah. The church. That's good enough to suit the fixture problem. How is that chip issue, by the way? There's John Zarella. That what has been happened that happening now is that a one-year-old other judge has refused herself. Oh, who was the second judge? Last night, the first judge refused himself. Second judge now has refused herself. And the issue here are the six or seven lawsuits that were filed by individuals in Palm Beach County claiming that because of the so-called butterfly ballot that they did not have a fair vote. It was not clear who they were voting for. So there were about half a dozen or more lawsuits filed. And they were all given to one judge. Yesterday was going to have an emergency hearing during that emergency hearing, that church refused. I'm not going to run out this morning. The second judge who got all of these cases has now refused herself, basically saying for whatever the reason that we don't know, who he does not feel as if hearing the case herself. Yeah. We're on to our third judge. Okay. I'll meet County Circuit Court. I'm talking to Judge Wawker. He don't have much to do these days. Part of the proposal. Well, that's a judge who you're hanging with judge. Don't think they're asked. You determine the validity of those lawsuits filed by individuals in Palm Beach. Somebody please call Elin Morphoni as the real hanging judge. You'll control their ass all in jail. What a joke. What a travesty. This is a way to conduct an election. People out there say, oh yeah, you're wrong. We're going to know the fairer fairer square who still a third square. Right. Here's a mobile in Pepper Pine. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I like to say, and hopefully it's candidates have something up the sleeve to do the fact. Anybody who spends millions of dollars throughout the states can present it to earn 1.6 million. They're out doing it for themselves, not for the United States. Mm-hmm. Amy, though, the people in the United States need to take a look at the whole picture here and see what this guy's really about. Push guy. Let's have some poor people in there to run a what are you saying? That's what I'm saying. I tell you, we've been through the country and not for themselves. Right. You got it. Okay. Now, well said, let's give it all these guy dead. Minionaires, including Katherine Harris is worth 6.9 million because we're dead. He's the big citrus queen. All right, guy. Whatever years. Bitch. Sorry, following the place. Sutra's buddies. Yeah, citrus buddies. I think we got a big change here on a whole guy damn state is what we got. And needs to be chopped out. When it's down, chop it out. Let's get those FSU Faggots on a phone. See if they can do that chop, you know, to be strong from the brave man or to be at a lay around. Oh, whatever. Is there all a bunch of assholes? Red next. See up until I've been seeing all these reports on telehancy with all those good young, grew stepping Republican students up there. I kind of like, you know, I didn't ask FSU to got a 45 year old quarterback. You know, get Marlacret in the world. Who cares? Especially anybody that might beat you when something again. We're kidding the last time. But now I'm starting, I don't get involved in all this juvenile. The gator is the noils. Who cares? I didn't go to those schools anyway. And how about the Spartans kicking produce that? I mentioned that in passing. But the fact is that now FSU, they're on my Schmitt list. Okay. All you kids up there and tell them, I think that's for you. In fact, most of you kids probably belong at Palm Beach at Atlantic University. But all those good Christian students that want to see an inflight. Here's Kate Kroll. Hello. Hey, how are you? I'm doing okay. You know, it was a very interesting pile. I'll let you through there with Captain Harrison, Ben Hill Griffin. But over here on four mires, what they had done is the tremendous controversy over where to locate Florida's 10th University. So Ben Hill Griffin just stood up and said, here, I'll give you all the land. And now there's environmentally sensitive land that they're building shopping centers, malls, big apartment complex. And also the university itself. The next Fort Myers connection that's adventurous is another big developer. He's named Al Hoffman W.C.I. communities. He is one of the electoral college folks in Florida. And it was his own electors? Yeah. It was his house here in Fort Myers, if they had a thousand dollar plate breakfast, about a year and a half ago for George Bush. And he walked into Florida and he was hanging. Yeah. So, you know, it all comes into place. Just a bunch of right when you're really sick about it. So, because there's never seen so much device of this now, then I ever have. Right now in the middle of somebody just threw a big line. I mean, I'm not going to have to answer this. So, we'll keep up the good work. Okay, great job. Thanks. Right between American public. We got city city, right down the middle. And that's the way the market loves it. Gridloss, big love gridlock. In fact, all that just people like me church asshole like him. Oh, this is going to be great. Because now you've got a Congress door right down the middle of the set of May actually be 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 50 and you got the whoever becomes president is going to be kind of a lame duck or cheney gets in a lame dick. And there you are, you know. And they love that. Because then they kick it anything done. And at the meantime, all these grave robbers like a pharmaceutical company and then a back whole company, then they will cover these big continue robbing graves in the nobody's been in the attention. They love that. A little vacation trip and you don't know about my life. What is your thought on where this whole process is headed? Well, this incident is been voted on by the public and from my I understand from Florida, here's the recount on anything that's closed with they've done. It seems to me a manual is released at wide up before a lot of mistakes. Yeah. And let's wait through what the F.C. balanced are and go from there. So you can find it. That should be it. If everything's kind of done, I think so. And you? Yes, I agree. I think once the absolutely balanced are in and the recounts have been done, uh, bother machines. And I really how care is what these bulls those think for quite a lot of people like Monpoc cattle get them out of here. 5 670 560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T and Verizon where it was live we're getting pretty close to 11 o'clock. The suspense is just it's mind-boggling. How's that poor coming 40 votes? How interested are you now on the outcome of this election? Still very interested 20. Getting less interested by the AT 11. Second of it, get it over with already. Now how many people say they're sticking it get it over with? Yeah. Yeah. Oh James Baker briefing expected 11 o'clock this month. We know I would not put that fascist on the air. How to help can he be doing a briefing on our expecting the results from the judge? You know something maybe he is the judge. Maybe they're really they stick a robot on him. Here's Judge Baker. Here's Pember Pine, tell. Hey what's up in here? Hey I don't know if you are looking though it's already been on the news here today and they were showing that the Jesse Jackson rally and a bunch of bush protests was in right up front they had a lot of black guys would like listen to key from stubborn air obviously the hammer skies that they hired the robot signs and everything. Yeah. And it was in the paper today it was like on page 20 they mentioned that yeah they're Republicans today hired a bunch of old guys to you know to run around in the air and shout how like even probably even though cigarettes they could give away a Wisconsin get the robots up there. It's ridiculous I don't know why doesn't the need their need it the news. I mean the obvious for their show and the obvious kind of the got obvious probably is I mean in the show like so I knew exactly what it was but they did so you know they just clump up over it. Now they're oblivious. They're oblivious. All right I don't think it's kind of you but I think we're going to lose I think they're just going to steal the election away and that's the way. And we're sitting here watching your right and blood daylight. Jesse can be proud okay good luck you pal 55% of the public air in favor of a hand job a hand count. 53% approved of how bush campaign handles this situation this is a CNN poll okay 52% of above work it's uneven Stephen. Like right down the middle like I know what I just said divided right down the middle. We have a skism even if we don't want to know what they'll have means we have a gigantic skism in this country. And I guess it's kind of fun huh nothing else going on. 1056 is 560 WCM more keep in our IPO maybe you're not going to miss that judge on initial let's do the break like a little bit earlier here like a few seconds early like what on time. 430560 WCM my heavy court waterdale a measly broadcast group stage have WCM.com This is a bunch of who exactly and guess what guess what George. Yes, I believe this is right now. A Florida State judge is the sign of whether or over a state deadline for receipt of county presidential recon totals has been delayed and told them out noon. Unless the judge intervenes all 67 Florida counties have to five o'clock today to submit their final vote telling. 13th Baker I put him on here. And we see yeah that's it that's as much as he's getting on initial. Anti-Semitic piece of crap bigoted piece of turd obnoxious arrogant aristocratic piece of Schmidt I should be just set it. 560 560 are these phones run these are a little bit suspect. Okay just checking 560 560 and prompt 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's Miramar hello. Over the mail. Yes sir. I'm so pissed off right now. Alright. 540 go off. Yeah. If that idiot could have what his own damn state would never be going through this. But why are you repeating that? Well what is that name? I just just meant second to me and say what's going on. If it could have got Arkansas but two Democratic states. And what's the rush? What is the deadline? The vote's about even past. Yeah. I'm going to change the vote. Just get the count correct. But they can't recount them. They can't recount them if she says by five or five today it's all done. They don't have time to count them and they have to put whatever the alliance to the Tally would have. That's what I mean. Why is there a fight on the Tally line? He's a Tally line at all. Why is there a fight on the court deadline at all? Well they're not because she's a bush looking. That's why. Yeah and then you got to add the FC balance anyway. That's going to be after five. Especially when a 20 million Israeli votes come in. You and you and member have been seen for years. This is such a bush down. All right. That's down pal. Take two in college again. God. Actually they're just pouring in over here. Some of them are working on all kinds of a balance that we got. I was usually at TV for like 10 seconds. I think it's a total set of cars and goers name. First reaction goes to it. Oh this is beautiful. I can't handle it anymore. Paper balance. No more paper balance. No more by our hangers. And no more paper balance. No more Jim Baker. I don't ever want to see him again. He should only want and help him as boyfriend. He should only croak. God, why hit that son of a bitch. And like I said, every time he comes on there, it's like rubbing it right in their nose. So if I pay me a little swastika on the forehead of every Jew in the Palm Beach, that's what he's trying to do now. Every word he says. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. I just want to see you. Are you familiar with Matt Drych? Yeah. He got came. I know. Just cause you a goon. And you says that you're fraud. Yeah. And I just want to let you know what to take on that. You'll take a crap. That's my take on that. And some congratulations are getting fired by ABC. And it's really great that he's a hot gun in China. About me now. A real, real, intellectual, Matt Drych who will reporting exposing the fact that this show includes people who are out in both hundreds of times for Gore. Great sense to humor there, Matt. I hope you got an equal sense to humor about you getting came because you're a white wing perinoid piece of crap. And the 50. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50. Palm Pie 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines. And James Bickers going, Puts, Puts, Puts, Puts, Puts, Puts, Puts. Here's Northmine, B. Chilo. Uncle Neo. Yes sir. We're the biggest James Bicker anyway. They've lived in the category we said. I have a question for you. I'm in my send me a few. They said that it's the counts on not done by five o'clock in the judge. Pick to the deadline. That the votes for those particular counties aren't going to count at all. Now, what do you mean the votes are going to count? That's what they said. That if they're told, they're not in by five o'clock in the day. That's not in by five. That is correct, which means that the Bush will be in the landslide. Everybody's saying, because I don't know the count for those particular counties. It couldn't be possible that he might be shooting set in the foot. If he won those counties by an X amount of margin and they're not going to count those votes at their app, this is possible. They're not going to vote. They're not going to vote. Trust me, when I tell you, the votes will be counted. If it's because the ruling's coming down, no later than new ones. The appeals are all being heard all over the place. And they'll have ruling done at day will get to her. You'll make your lands dollar on at their votes by before five o'clock. Because they said that if they're one in by five, then the judge doesn't say it doesn't extend the deadline that the vote wouldn't count. That's true. So it's possible if the Bush will shoot himself in the foot, which is not such a bad idea anyways. Well, what do you mean he will be shooting himself in a vile? If he has X amount of a ring on the ground. But the worst way ahead in Palm Beach County, Palm Beach is the only one that's still up in the air. I think they were doing a bunch of other counties. They're all coming in by five o'clock. They're all coming after the wait for moon and two. Yeah, they're hanging on Pipelle. I'm crying, I'll call you all up. Don't squeeze too hard. Okay, Joe Costello is here today who did a great job at that game last night. In fact, they should have put him in the gold or something signed them up. Put him out there on the blue line. I'm going to say it again. Most of the people on that team on a panther team last night should have paid to get him because they were spectators. Standing around watching the other team walking right in front of the night to the blackout shooting gallery. The squat in embarrassment and I know we got out of bad injuries, but that excuse ain't holding a lot of with this kid anymore. That was pathetic. That was tragic. Where is the refund window? Five. That's where we should be asking for this election. Where is the refund window? Where did we get our gas money back that we spent just to get to where we voted, which I voted like about two seconds from my house. And I still want to gas money back because I got bad gas pain from this election. That's my luck. First time I've voted years. And this is what it turns out to be. I'm pilot cramp. A ring deal. Here's a mobile and L.A.B. Kellon. Hello Neil. Yes sir. I heard something very interesting from Dan Rather on I'm a cinema and his what he said. He said he's a Republican on a ballot. So we said overseas the Republican's already filled everything in and all the property had to do overseas. He's just signing in and a Republican is also scuring of a. I thought you'd check that out. We didn't. They didn't fill in the the candidate. They they fill out the application from but they didn't fill out the ballot. Well, according to him he says they told us about it. Yeah. And now all they had to do a signing in. Well, and then those ballots should be disqualified. I'm going to go to court again. I like to check out. I get up that rather than. I guess nobody told their red will about the 80 million votes coming from the Jews and Israel that are all for Gore. Nobody told them about that. So anyway, watch it check. Okay, what's your head out? Okay. Take two and Carlos back. Take some Motron. 560 50 50 pound five 60 on the ATT and why the hell with anybody watching I'm listening morning anyway. That right wing piece of turd. Maybe he'll something I'm here to ruin with that. I miss his a local who James Baker. Or maybe it's Jimmy Baker. One of the other. So now we got to lead again. I've heard you like I said yesterday. This is bad for America, but it's a great for talk shows. Just keep dragging it on and dragging it on sooner or later. Somebody's got to get off the pot and make it a scene here for Christ's first. It was 10 30. Then it was 11 o'clock. And then we got the other judge of the individual lawsuits by the Aboters and Palm Beach. Then the first judge recuse himself. And others broad judge, she recuses. They're running around anxiously trying to find a judge anywhere. Even a vacally judge. That has the ball to make a ruling. Procedic. This is all I can say about this whole process. That's the American fucking way exactly. You can smell it. It's not common when a field but it has the identical the Roma. It's like in Western New York when you drive a life from the Tavida buffalo on the at least years ago. You should drive through these cabbage fields. That's around the turn of the year. Two way. And boy, late at night in the middle of the summer. That thing would like. Oh God, your nostrils were just being plain. And your eyes would be all teared up. That's what this election smells like. It's things like crap. No matter who you're for, the whole process blows. What do you think, WD? I think it blows. Even he says it blows. 11.09 at 5.60 WDQ. Here's to James Baker. He's heard her more. Yeah, for them on my ass. Only in the banana republic baby. Only in Miami. On to three. I made a few college and average this week. I have a lot of money. But not much of a brain. Like what do you vote or do? Would you have this lane? But I could say one thing that you can. Not that. It's been that present saying I got money. Power. It's not the zoo. I could do everything I do. A little bit of cash is all I need. Is that a time of equal and my grade. Miniculated marketing is all I use. A garnered vote for more. I'm like you. That is good. They fun really. I have. I was thinking about that. That's good. Good. For members of both. For George Bush. And those of you who know you can get my toy. If you see what matters to me about the presidency. Is that a makes a math conversation. On the king of denial too. I have no problem. Life is a huge. So why is it so important for you to know. Well, or not, I did blow a little bit. I'll say enough. I know a little bit of truth. I'll say no blow. When I'm gonna let you out, I'll blow it and then we'll all back. When I put up the constant tree in the camp. Who do you think? I'm gonna blow it. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. What do you think is five sixty WCOM? So we got 45 minutes to wait. Can we wait 45 minutes? Oh, I don't think so. I think a lot of us may be shitting our pants by then. For the judge of the circuit court up until I have to go to rule as to whether five or five are clock is there to be dead online or whether they can actually extend it and we can start counting and vote to get in Palm Beach and in the day. Because Broward last night said, oh, I would have want to do it as to much work. And that's fact, judge up there in Broward. He said, you know, I'm here on a B-bother. He's got a date. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. 123 votes on our pool. How interested are you now in the outcome of this election? So very interested, 56. Sick of it. Get it over with already 36. Getting less interested by the day by the minute by the second. 31. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah sir. Are you doing? Okay. This is not. I just have some to say in my phone call as messed up. Uh, you know, we got a lot of minorities out to vote. And four years from now. A lot of people are on the ground. And that a lot of vote because of what happened now. You're too dumb. Absolutely correct. It's a great point. A lot of people including maybe me are going to say, you know, who did why even go through this? It's a six day way. It's a bunch of crap. And we gave it our best shot and it didn't count. Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh. He said, who gives the crap? That's what he said. And he's right. Craft is the operative order. You can smell it. I'm not going to be voting for years from now. I'm going to be here for years from now. Oh, no. I'm even voting for a queen Beatrice over there. What a burning man. Oh, I know they don't vote for queens. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and incident. They do only a browser wireless line. Bush can't paint or use Gorb-side to accept the 5PM vote count. Oh, yeah, they, the PR can't paint those on. That's what Baker was just saying now, which luckily she had been put to up there in the screen. We got it in the nutshell. Ojoy member of set as they continue applying the pressure trying to spin their way into the abacter or the wayhouse. And of course, you can imagine what the Gorb can paint is saying. Oh, yeah, that's what they're saying except this. Our foot up your hand. Here's a mobile and baby. Hello. Hey, hey, you doing now? All right. I'm going to go on. Let's go. I lost my missing person. Oh, I missed it. I've got one. So this is said and done and everything's all set. When it comes up around next year, hopefully all the fishers are going to be starting to look at a solution. So this doesn't happen again next year. Next year. Yeah. Right next year actually four years, I should say. On two years, how about two years when we have the congressional action again? Well, yeah, even though it worked, but I actually, you know, being in the computer tree, I got a solution for a lot of it. I mean, with today's technology, there's no reason why I should we should be, you know, should we never ever have a paper ballad again, having paper ballad is an open invitation for fraud. Exactly. I mean, we could do it in such a way that it would be done. Me clean. You wouldn't miss a vote. You know, and it could get done. I mean, so efficiently and it wouldn't be, you know, be right on the money. And let me tell you something as far as absentee ballads are concerned, that, you know, that we as you know, ATM cards, not only can you take your ATM card and go like up to Portland, Maine and use your ATM in a bag. You can go anywhere in the world and use your ATM card and get money out of a bag. And you could do the same thing with your voter registration card. Here we go. Vote with the, vote with the ATM for the money. Absolutely. Thank you a lot, man. Okay, good luck to us. Right? Go over there and you up anywhere you go. You stick your ATM thing. Sirus honor. What's the other one? What is the other one? Come on. Let's get one at the other. Honor. And what's wrong with this? Press the O. My ass. Press the O. Press the O. Man for the presentation. Huh? They don't have the public. They got Albert Hein over there. Where are I by me? What the hell is the other one? See, I'm so glad that I brought this up. Not. Well, whatever it is, what's the difference is it make what it is? See how it's easy to get sidetracked. Some good time I've learned. But whatever it is on a back of their serious, personal, personal, change, you'll give me some cash. Whatever the thing is on a back. They had honor system. They have ATM. All over the guy there. More to go to Italy. You go to France. You go to England. You go to, uh, Netherlands. Anywhere you go. You over there with a, in a far east far west. Where there's a real, there's a way where the kind of technology we have now. There's no excuse for this. Potsking about what paper about and looking for the hanging Chad. This has got to be the dumbest thing I have ever seen in my life. The hanging Chad and a two corners are hanging. And then it is the photo is hanging. How the hanging? Yeah. Have you ever heard of anything so stupid in your life? And not only that, but they got these people over the age of 100. Just like the poor work is in Palm Beach. Everybody's over the age of 150. And they're holding a, hey, this is bad. There is this is bad. There is this is sites in our Swiss cheese. What is this? They didn't even know what that was looking at it. It's true, but they could hold up our sites of Swiss cheese. They've had enough holes in it. They think they were looking at the balance. All right. I think there's one more thing for a car. Yeah. Whatever you say, sweetheart, Esther. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes. Good morning to you, sir. Okay. We're going to quote the, uh, and we've been through the pictures, pictures, the Congress representative to expand, to intend to film our years. Ha ha ha ha. And we only wish. And we grew all the, Egypt, Egypt, but at this reason, even to recall them. Sounds good to me. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Let's get Baba in there. This is a bunch of hoot. That's why they're like Baba said, I'm saying it. Well, let's just not have anybody in their for the next four years. Which is a big improvement over either of these guys. We got the wrong to get to that's the thing. This is really amusing in a way. And a sick way is that we're all getting all exercise and worked up about this and they both stuck anyway. Because my vote was much more anti-boasted and was pro-core and certainly wasn't a pro-dual experiment. Makes my skin crawl. But the idea that we have to be so enthusiastic about either one of them. It's, I would say that probably people are more enthusiastic now because of all this division and the hanky panky going on than they were before the election when they went to vote. Here's James Vickering. Both sides should agree to accept the overseas abstinence and have a mid-high five in accordance with the law. We have a next demand for the law. And the law is not the only second. It's all over. It's all over. It's all over. Oh! We're 22 or 5.6. We got mad dogs, man. They're going to be on for hanky again between 2006 to the day. You got to know about our Thomas with mad dogs at five. Buster with six educators and I 10 in that 10 will two will be over is any under. here's more water than a long hey man, hey don't run ah, there's no thing in the loft you don't have the law, you are getting a fact if you don't have the fact you are getting a law you don't have either your kick-up dirt and these guys are calling us or a public a couple of things the way they're handling it reminds me is the scene of the guy thought it was a little off sitting around figuring out how to not go off in the clusky and they go well you can't get what's happening yeah, we got people on the table we can we can kick up some dirt a crooked com what the apricotty com we put me plant some fruits so they've already baker comes on today as well we got palms over season the markets over season so I thought it was interesting in the middle of his press conference baker said oh I gotta go take a leak he went in that toilet and I don't know he was eating around and they're probably he's rolling for something he's given a leak he gave 10 lots of bait they had like a picture in the English or the English paper or confusion in a state there's all bits in our enemies and our allies in our lives and our data and things and things it's ridiculous I mean pretty soon but I want to last time I checked we had a president sitting right there in the oral office they're doing his thing and uh... everybody knows who he is he knows all the right news and I don't think we have any problems at least so January 20 I heard call wrote put out a put out a a pb for 100 button in on the street yeah good luck to watch that okay let's move this yeah that's why let's get it that's who we're gonna get it for a plan out loud how come we're so slow we need to call don't call your own host rate in this whole god damn thing out that's who we need Christ almighty motors what's uh... bill hummer sand here well-mingly in favor of our gorge over George Bush and for that Baker says the gorge campaign is right now focusing on selectivity and not fairness now whether or not they'll see what his problem is that they were too stupid that had given them the seventy two hour deadline after two they would be inspired by a study they were too stupid and for the week out of the year and there uh... counties which were heavily republican like a little child in school in grade school man yeah they're asking for recounts and of course not only are they heavily democratic counties but their counties were there was way to spec it hanky panky were in an order that number many many tens of thousands of votes were ordered and under and discounted in uh... schmickhand but don't confuse him with the fact because he's got her mom gearing on his side here's Kendall hello hey how's it going all right and let me show you a couple things first of all uh... the jubes have voted uh... i don't remember the report and they're not hang out of second is not that they were cheated out of the right to vote because of the so-called butter that is not even a judge what he had out of that uh... uh... yesterday an emergency hearing that judge said you could not deal with it but for certain reasons went to another judge uh... for the best that judge recused herself now a third judge home beach county has also recused himself we would be on to the fourth judge i don't know how many more judges there are left in Palm Beach County Circuit Court to go through here uh... but but the first three have now recused himself that's one set of legal action going on here other sets of legal action of course here we are at the emergency operation center where they were expected to begin the manual recount of the entire county's ballots this morning at seven a.m. that was put on hold and suspended because of two differing legal opinions first the secretary of state the republican her legal opinion came in saying they did not have the right to recounce the votes the legal authority to do it because it wasn't something wrong with the machine or the counting equipment uh... that led them to want to do a complete recamp then pop butter worth the attorney general who's a democrat said in his opinion strictly in opinion that they did have the right to go ahead and do a recap so now the county is going to circuit court seeking an opinion from a judge as the what they should do the democratic party is also going to circuit court here and they are asking that the uh... so called the pregnant chat uh... just a little pinpoint tricks in the uh... i got to come up with it by the election workers because up until now the election workers have not been counting those pregnant i'm asking for the first ballot of pregnant and there's a fetus in the racquet show mom all you feel yeah all you right wingers all you baby killers out that we got pregnant and you want to pass them off shame on you twenty six after eleven five three they got all these losses to the campfire judge with the ball to hear and you've met the best part the real Roger show sports radio five sixties two why not no one one the election better i know who one the election count about count about baby count about count about over count about count about baby count about count about count about and a sense of potential there's to get live up to one to two with over the win some poverty people went to do their voting show count up all the ballot and find out who's got them all those old boosy the have a thing in common looks like i've got them just jib ever to touch your view cannon so my life is no one the election yes i'd like to know who one the election count about count about baby count about over count about count about baby count about count about over count about five seven nations started coming in that has some unins flesh on a gentleman some may repeat for all the get there in a bunch they said they were confused and didn't know which role to punch those old boosy the have a thing in common looks like like that then just keep it both too electric you can in oh oh boy so i'd like to know who one the election better i'd like to know who one the election or i'd like to know who one the election yes i'd like to know who one the election I'm in the first half of the world baby I'm in the first half of the world I'm in the first half of the world I'm in the first half of the world I'm in the first half of the world I'm in the first half of the world I'm in the first half of the world I'm in the first half of the world I'm in the first half of the world I'm in the first half of the world I'm in the first half of the world Okay, they've decided to cover the season Yes, we've got to record our votes But of course that's all kind of a little point After we 26 minutes to hear what the judge has to say So they counted could we kind of, of course that could be really I mean really, really interesting fascinating in Dave County Of course we know that we don't have no voter fraud in Dave County Okay, now what were you saying? Any other people? I just want to say three quick things Number one, uh, Jet Bush political careers over Yeah, we won't be like the Pupish school for after this Yeah, I'll tell you what number two If you're Cuban, I bought a voter for Bush for your information Bush is a supporter from an abaction And that's how much check you are on my norm Okay, but they're here Boy immigration, and we should toss that in, but they don't care Yep, they already read the one that is worth a Bush Because they're voting for whoever is best to fight casher And if they want to fight casher, go to Cuba to fight casher Yeah, don't fight up for more of a year That's just not afraid that nobody would have a big boil on this face I'll say that Exactly, and that's how I check the Republican Party And then anything for the Cuban because the Republicans were the majority in Congress They're into anything they could have thrown their way around If they wanted to wish they did it Yeah, that's how my check Jimmy Carter was a Democrat With the one that I'm out of here I think no Cuban's won, Lincoln D.S. Ballard to be president And in the early antlers in the day, there'd be vice president They would be a good guy They're always positive, but they're not even a mayor They were hoping that candle continuity president And saw all the subreddit out there had to be a communist there And last time I checked it was a Democratic president in 1980 Jimmy Carter, who led in the mayor of Poland They were the Democratic president So King, who said his long-to-qubing cuts so mercum下來 They can say that they don't remember that No, never show. Thank you for using the fact, okay It's just unwabring supporters of either of these typical parties Should be embarrassed by the way they have carried on Like crying children fighting in a sandbox Regardless of who becomes president I actually was an American can you be proud of him so this fact I did not stick my instrument in that bush hole Oh, here's somebody devoted for Harry Brown Keep eight probes to Harry Brown Harry Hall What he does say just even two in 2004 I'd go and cannon broke out See I like the fact that the Palm Beach ballot on the first line It had that bush and the arrow that went right over across to that dot like you directly across Here's Cape Coul Hello I'm right I think I got this ball figured out how to fit the pole in that sound Okay, good first part They go over to the do we repeat it in there for the next four years We're going to go in there and if bush ones are right now I think what we're doing is putting on toilet seatail Okay, great five to go to this tongue five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T And for once the world was fine 24 minutes to us We keep getting these deadlines and I get all looked up and you know And then all of a sudden all it's been delayed again for the check how to be at noon No, the judges are the queues themselves And probably what they met is the judge excuse himself to go take a crap or something like that Because he's got the green apple crystal today because all of the pressure is on his ass And you do understand I hope that everybody who's listening to me at this moment does understand That regardless of what world it comes from any of these lower court judges That all this is going to the Florida State Supreme Court you do understand that Oh Man So all these networks all these judge shows that they're peeling into a significant channel seven All these other channels that got the 85 different judge shows the hanging judge and judge duty The assicotic man hitting bitch judge all of these other phony You ain't seen nothing yet Because it's going to the Florida And then Supreme Court Which is good because that'll give us some time to make up some more phony balance 23 before noon at 5.60 WQAM hey when a free career yes, it's too fast ran away It completes Microsoft certified systems engineer program The winner will receive the complete Microsoft education track all of the hands and job placement The register all you have to do is go to www.fasttrained.net Depending on your qualifications this contest could put over 250 grand in your pocket During the next five years Fast train is software to top clear networking education center Fast train can provide you the training to become a Microsoft certified systems engineer The average MSCSC like I've been trying to make him 67 five a year and lots of folks make it much more than that So if you like to change your life It's fast train With convenient date evening and we can classes and when you think computer training you ought to be thinking about fast train With convenient offices both in date and in browser You're life now called for free 877 98 train that 877 98 train or check out that website www.fasttrained.net This is 5.60 you a yeah This is a gagging stock so carry you got a big card on Hard on I've had some pocket Added that A big picture Oh I wish I could find my pocket And I don't do much with panic No No panic No panic No panic No panic Oh No panic No panic No panic All All We could stop the coffee through. Fire up the jet fire. And those towels have to wear you. I am the coffee tank, my dear. The coffee tank is a song. The coffee tank is a song. And the coffee tank is a song. The coffee tank is a song. The coffee tank is a song. I would tell you two votes are also. How interested are you? Not any. Some of the selections are interested. 80 out of 102. 46 and 1%. Sick of it. The dinner over with already 54 or 31 and 3%. Getting less interested by the day 38. 22%. So it's all about camp and half between those are still blue. The this. There's a lot of that. And the rest of us are saying. Oh, and up. So they counted. New day. You're here. Oh, yes. But you're a week. I'm something to everyone's intelligence that he's a think that's actually a compromise. If you went, this raises the eye of everybody including Cynthia Austin who's a formal teacher foster theater and it's the analyst. She wanted to get in on it before I could even introduce her. And he owns a better dot com. Bill, Dary and Grow Reaccount team expected a special and easy. The Grow Reaccount team. Maybe the Panthers could play the Grow Reaccount team. Although I don't think they could beat them yet. There's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Hi, I'm. How are you doing? You were serious about the search that we're keeping in something. Yes. I know it sounds ridiculous. But it was right there from the horses and their butts. Well, I just want to say something. I'm going to ask the question about having a public experience. Why did we keep in touch? Reason I asked is it's a look at the five o'clock this morning because I couldn't sleep and I'm very few. I was doing to the morning edition show on NPR. And some of them, one talking had we same. I think the returbitant is done himself with the service. This judge's advice has already said previously that look at the rush. We got to Friday. So he recusings up in a second one. You said, don't quarrel. Maybe he got a bomb threat. And now it's just going to find a third one. The question is, can they just keep using judges still five o'clock? I think that's the game time by the boys people. I mean, thank you. It's not this much. Well, I'm looking for a horse to death. And I think that's coming at noon instead of the judge. We're just going to see a horse and head. Let's hear you say why do they be accusing of the mu. They're having so fast. They don't have time to tell us. I think it's called lack of coholences. What it's called. Or if you said maybe somebody made an offer they couldn't refuse. I'm telling you, it's rough. Let me in the ill. Let's call there if whatever. Hang in there. Bye. I'm not sure it's providing a lot of fodder for the mill. And I think that's what the Baker said for your fodder for your fodder. Yeah, that's pretty thick. Oh, good. Wow. 560, 056, 056, 056, 056, 056 on the 183 and Verizon Wireless Line. My already twisted brain is just whatever is left of it. It's crumbling as you can hear. Here's a lower than David. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. How are you today? I'm hanging in there. I'm doing the best I can. Yeah, I guess I could say the same. I love your show. I look at what I look at watch. I look at all the time. But I heard you say something and I'm kind of like nerves about this statement. Yes. And some people in the media also saying it. They're trying to imply or mentioning fraud coming into this. I don't see that. You don't see that? I don't see any fraud. Well, I don't see that. I'm going to ask you this. How about a new Mexico for example, where they had 10 and 50s on the ballots. Hand ballots that were torn or ripped or they were first disqualified. And then they stuck them off at a corner somewhere. And then somebody said, oh, well, let's go ahead and count them anyway. And then Bush was ahead by 17 votes. And now they just got 500 other gold ballots that had been stuck off at a corner somewhere. And they said, well, let's go back to count those. Now, go ahead and go Mexico. I mean, I don't know what you described that as fraud, but certainly something really fishy here. Well, I just think it's human error. Human error? Yeah. I don't think anybody's deliberately trying to sway anything. No, okay. But how could they? I mean, do you think that Jim Bush would risk his life in his career and want to go to jail? How about the ballot and Palm Beach that's in the legal ballot? Well, that was also what you see. I remember that was approved by a committee. No, but it doesn't make any difference to approve the defectives that the voters have a right to have their vote count. It doesn't make any difference to the person that proved it was a Democrat or Republican and Martian. The voters have a right to have their vote count. But you have an analogy of legal. It was just a mistake though. Well, you said just a mistake is like, you know, half a million votes up there in Palm Beach County. Right. Well, I agree. I agree that this was totally stupid, but to say it's a leap of a flag. You want to act at a moment. I think we're seeing a severe issue in the series of fraudulent acts. All those votes that the disappeared in Valuesia County, those bags of votes, and then the messierly showed up again hours later. I didn't hear my bad. Well, there you go. That's only one. It's got a good. Not to mention the assentee ballots that already were. The applications already filled out and sent ahead. And all the people I do was sign their name. I don't know what that either. Well, there you go. But again, I don't think they're closely. I don't think it's delivered though. I agree. No, no, somebody told out those ballots all accidentally. Okay, thank you. It's all by accident. Not feel better. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. We got 12 minutes. What is it? Yeah, it's coming to the signal. Not that it's going to happen exactly a new, but it could. Oh, I'm getting goosebumps. Are you getting goosebumps? No, I didn't think so. I'm not either. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. I think that. Every day, I'll touch you. Was something San Gabriel sir? Sir, she used him herself for anything even, but just had to accused reserve. Aha? Uh-huh. So maybe it is on render is the only, don't try it just to keep going. Nobody擔 their救ście alive? Well, that's the wayances. Or maybe it doesn't want to come. Yeah. The ones that fell ihnen Harris. Mmhm. For that reason I mean, they don't have to give me reason for it. You do not mean to prove that a tattoo именно can be Evening. So if anything has any reasons to have So just to do, they'll judge you. Must do so. Alright. Juded, said. Okay, all right. Thanks to the bad news. Okay. You know, the six cases in Palm Beach County called Monday after Circuit Judge Stephen Ratnan, he was the first one to refuse himself. He just qualified himself a medallegations that he recently made this third-game comment about Democrats, Hillary Clinton, and people that problems would have ballot. And that's the kindest way to law describe that. Judge Rat, the Rappin Judge. Here's a mobile and cross-praying, shall I? And you gotta go on. All right. Here, I want to say you're the greatest go-golfing by that. What's up with these Republicans? I'm getting so angry this for the recount. It's the thing that pushed one anyway. Because they're a head-right now, so they want to wrap it up, perhaps this baby up there, afraid of what else might be coming. Well, what are we going to do? Like if you were a head-right, like if you were a head-to-end of the third quarter, by, you know, fear of my field goal, let's call the game off right now, you know? Like the dolphins on the jet-skidding. Exactly. They're a good example. Hey, I just want to say, oh yeah, hey, remember that court? What's the F-Conell-Avane Broward? Yeah. How come I haven't, I want to unlock you here now? And remember when Craig was working at F-Conell-Avane Broward? Maybe you have that somewhere in the background, and I just want to say that to George. So that's that. Maybe you can say my brother-donning and George are both, okay? What's the F-Conell-Avane Broward? Okay, now he feels better. He feels better. Scored Scored Scored. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, five, six, six, six, six, six, six, on the AT&T. Do we ever get information from the F-Conell-Avane Broward? George? That, well, I'd like to promote the type that Joe Costello went somewhere from between noon and two in Kendall, but they were going to have a lot of work. They haven't called in yet. Well, how much post-it-all? Put on my little second camp, because the NFU said it might be the shelf station down there by the ton of country mall, might be. I'm not sure they're going to be there from noon to two, somewhere in Kendall. Just to try and bar out of your final QMBAN. With the best of the deal stuff, the key change, the cassette CDs, T-shirts for a plant here in North, which we did good yesterday, and the audience really came to you for yesterday. We got our $1,000 even in two hours, not bad. We got a long way to go. And don't forget, you can pick up your best of the LCDs and cassette and all the inspectors, all over the world in Kendall, and equals in Fort Myers, yes, in cattle, and South Station. The shelf station by the ton of country mall. Like I just said, I don't have any of these things. The ton of country mall, like I just said, I don't have any of those restaurants. Yeah. It's the turning, they're working on that. Well, if they're at the shelf station by the ton of country mall, I either the shelf station that doesn't have an address, is that what you tell me? Or they don't know it. Is that on Kendall Drive? I am sure. Yeah, the ton of countries are like at 1.27. I know exactly where they're having lived down there for five long, excruciating years. That was okay. That's why I got out. It was impossible. No matter where you wanted to go, you couldn't get there from Kendall, because you couldn't get out. Here's what the manager is, you know? Yeah, let's go back to the electoral college for a moment. Okay, right now, Gore has 262. Right. If you give him New Mexico, that's 262. You know, I've had that part of the 262. It is. Yes. Well, uh, Oregon, if Oregon comes in for Gore, he's a 262. That's part of the 262. Oregon's counter for Gore right now. Uh-huh. Except for MSNBC, that keeps, first of all, MSNBC, that keeps you on bushes. They had nowhere to have my 4,000, which is not. It's Gore's always been Ed since the county by about almost 5,000. Oregon's in the county. And he's part of the 262. Well, let's just say, okay, well, let's give Jim Baker a lot of credit for trying to poison the American population by Chief By him, keep bringing up the mischief. Yeah. That's that's really a healthy way to approach this. So, other as we can trust the machines, even though we know that the machine, but these machines that kind of balance have a 2 to 5% aerobay. We can trust the machine, but we can't trust the people kind of to both, even though we've got 17 people look at over their shoulders. Republicans, Democrats, Native people, hairy brown people, other hairy people like Ron Jeremy. We got 80% of the media in there watching, but we're supposed to believe they're tanky, tanky, going on. Poisoning the well for America. Right. Well, that's what he does best. Thank you, sir. And that's what Henry Kimmer taught him well. And it's rather that song by Christby Scholes and Nash, teacher or not these well. Teacher Hitler, youth, well, five, that's what they do with Palm Beach Atlanta University. Five, six, seven, oh, five, sixty. Palm five, sixty on the air. We've only got seven minutes to go. I can't stand it. I can't deal with them. I'm getting crumbling out of the pressure. And what's he saying? The compromise proposal that Secretary Thomas Secretary of State James Baker proposed in how a happy that the proposal to strengthen should we not just accept the count as a 5 to 7 deadline to be increasing the absentee. Now let's go ahead with this. And now that was the suggestion. Informer Secretary of State James Baker. The other suggestion though that was outlined today in a story in a Los Angeles time suggested from the Democrats camp, although that wasn't confirmed by William Bayer. He said on the today show you the impression that he won the team proposal. But it essentially outlined a proposal and a compromise where it might be. They would all accept the decisions of the outcomes. If all the counties in Florida underwent a hand recount and both of those parties could have by. I hate to break the news. You sweet up. But all counties don't go by by paper ballots. Only 28 counties in Florida. The other 39 do not. They had those optical scanners. So really, you know, we'll take maybe a week, 10 days, whatever. What do you say? Should we go along with that? Have all the counties that had the paper ballots go ahead and be counted for? Why not? Even though the Republicans didn't get the request from the Republicans, they're not going to be counted. You're not a fairness. Let's go ahead and do it. Here's great. They're reminding the state. Nice job. I'm going to say. But the reporters on Capitol Hill, with regards to this proposal. And like I said before, don't forget you didn't say earlier on the today show that eating, you can be nothing about the Los Angeles time story and the proposal that apparently had come from the Democratic camp, which are dark to a compromise on their side that suggested the Bush camp except along with them, a recount of all of the votes in Florida. Not manually. Okay, pretty hard to manually do the ones in the hospital. But nevertheless, don't confuse over the fact, it wasn't 55. We're getting pretty close, baby. You've almost smell of a QAN. This is 560, UAF's Portfolio 560, WDQAM, Miami Portlaterdale, a measly broadcast group stage an, WQAM.com, with a world. This is the new launcher itself. This is the brain. Any questions? Seeing his court room, everyone has the right to a fair Trump, but a fair proven wrong. He has the right to make them get down. Judge, change for a. Can you just a matter of Adam's first response? Thank you, Miss Alex. Now, then, Miss, I'll give you the middle of the bill. Go to the bottom, hit. Yes, that's right, you're on it. And I'll miss Adam. What we said about it in the wallet, $200 in cash and all my credit cards. Good God. I don't know if I have the business. Did you get the damn, won't you? Yes, you're on it. I did take his wallet, but there's only because he's on it. He's on it. Stop it now. What you just did, man. What the fuck? I guess they don't really know you're on it. Well, now, Judge, change, BAM. Don't know BAM, now, do I do? I don't know. All I can say is I'm sorry. Uh-huh. But I'm not a judge. It's a problem. It's because you give the man better money, give him better water. Just support a business. And this judge, it's a bully. Get on up. Get on up. Get on up. Get on up. Get on up. Get on up. Get on up. Get on up. Get on up. Get on up. Judge. James Brown. It's probably the way in baby. In fact, this is Bill Daily saying the Vice President has paid repeatedly. Not about the individuals, but about upholding the system of democracy, which is based on the right to both and have our vote accurately counted. And that's what's going on in Florida. And we should allow that process to be everywhere we've put it a million times. Okay. Let's get to the judge. Let's get this ruling out ready. Well, and we're sitting here hanging on the edge of our seats. Some people are changing their damn business. Cypress every two or three minutes. I'm just so aware that I read the beginning of the show about John Ellis, the cousin of the Bush cousin, who worked for Fox and was on the phone. See, I'm surprised he didn't come on here on Fox 2015 the morning say, Oh, well, my cousin told me that George won. But anyway, it says, Ellis' projection was crucial because Fox News channel forefloated in the WC column of 2016, followed by NBC, CBS, and in a day. NBC within four minutes. That decision was sure up to be wrong and was retracted by the inverse network's lesson to our Israeli creative in person, Bush and one of the White House. But my brother told me I won. Here's the solution to the whole problem. I brilliant fact you're right. I think he's got a sum on it. It says, Drespox candidates in Scourthon, B.E. Locked them away in separate rooms, picked 101 people at random, but if selected a winner, set up a smoke signal. Yeah, I think that's magnificent. Of course we know what that smoke signal is from. That's a house, my house, the house. Yeah, they got to read over there in the Vatican, believe me. Well, all that fortune they got, they can afford the best. So there you go, is the beat goes on. We're still sitting here waiting and waiting and waiting. I'm going back to NBC. I don't trust the, in fact, I think the Fox people, whatever happens with the judge, they'll make just make something up. Shoot. That was put forward by the Secretary of State. Thank you. Thank you, sir. Thank you, Bill Davy. Won't you go home, Bill Davy? Get out of our face already. You and take your name and make a worry. We're sick and tired of both of you guys. And that's why we all can't work. What do I call? Chastras? No, not Chastras. No, not Chastras. Wineburger. No, toast. Chastras, no toast. Not so far, the message I got from it was steady as she goes actually. One thing that is interesting is the very first question and the very last question. And that very brief news conference in the Capitol here was about the possibility of a statewide recount in Florida, of course, an idea floated in. Yeah, floated. So, okay, we don't want to hear about floaters. Right. And I said, that's what I wanted my eye. We don't want to hear about floaters. We want to hear from the judge. It's a sport, a judge expected to roll shortly on vote. We count deadline. Hang on tight. Here's Boker. Hello. Hey. How you doing? All right. We did a brief recap. Yeah, I know that. Oh, you do know that. Yeah, we had that on. We had it on immediately. Okay. One topic. These judges up in Combi said, refused to hear the case. Yeah. Which case is that? The first was the eight cases that were filed by the individual voters. Oh, okay. And then there are also where there's a suit on the fact that Combi chose to stop the hand count. Stop the hand job. The hand job. They stopped the hand job right in the middle, which of course is not very exciting. And so now we got another judge who's got a rule. I wonder if they can continue. Of course it's all moved all depending on what this other. This circuit judge is going to be able to open up his mouth in two or two minutes. Now, did you already say we should make them an offer? They can't refuse. Yes. You just say that. Yeah, so they have one final question. This is important. You know that puffs up, puffs, who's on that boil on Georgia's face? Yes, I do. Did you, I think it's common knowledge that the fact that they've got has a pile of Nitals system kept them out of the military? Yeah. Do you see any relationship there? I could be. Maybe they're rubbing their zits together. I think they could. Okay. Another one of those deals for Jack Webb and Shilak Holmes. Well, not I went to commercial. I hate that. God. This is get ridiculous. I mean, this will make sense. Something's going to happen. Another break already? Yeah, they do another commercial break here on MSNBC. There's going to be one in trouble is that the bedman and the cheer I'm just who never met a fashist eating like. I wonder what got to him was it's a religion thing. Was it a mirroring that the new death experience? A new death experience? A new religious nut? And if you have stopped between his goddamn baby, what is he? 110? He's got that little baby running around. And then his brother fled. He says something about the he bought the farm and Fred's been a very him. I think that's what he said this morning. God. $60. $60 out there at the thing. Here's Holly would. Hello. Yes sir. Hey, I don't today. I'm right. I got the solution for it all. We still got time. Thursday night snack down. Go on bush. In each corner. And special guest referee. Just eat a body then turn. Not a bad idea. Let's get this circus over. Okay. Let's put it on MPV. That's what I say. Celebrity vote match. Huh? What did you just say? Only wanted to go that the I think he tracked all of us. I'm just losing it. That what? Something about this. Oh no bucks to this. I want to give you a presentation. Well, Christel, many words raised a money for plant parent. That's why I'm putting in a school for election. The QA and van with Joe Costello and is that if you win them or is he he's with him. He should go down there and take it by by and if you good luck and congratulations for getting out of here. There are the QA and van 170 that can't be alive in the show station by the time and country mall. And we got 50 bucks already and they just barely got there because you know they stopped for a plant food. Florida counties have to meet a 5 PM deadline just to lift their votes for certain station. You can get the position that could have a major impact on who is the next person of the night. They told it. I got the start right now. I'm going to go back to class. You know, let me turn back to class. Don't make it up. They get a really nice lunch. I'm just making up. I'm going to see if I'm taking it all or and this is the family of the white house. I've covered it. Come on. I'm going to go there. The focus right now is on Tallahassee Florida. A circuit judge there is supposed to make an announcement in just a few minutes and it will determine whether or not the hand counts in the state of Florida. At least some of the hand counts will continue. And the British Christian thing is standing by and Tallahassee to bring up the date on all of this. Bring us up today. Come on. I'm going to be serving Judge Terry Lewis. He's expected that any minute to 10,000 is the decision any minute. Don't leave the question. Ask by the Gore team is this. Can we have an extension on the deadline? Can we have to come to be five across today for the reporting of final counties by all the counties in Florida now? Obviously the ones that are really in question here are the ones that have not yet finished the manual recounts. A lot of the tension yesterday inside the courtroom focused on this one question. It was an argument made by both the Democrats and it was also used by the judge in questioning the Republican lawyer. He wanted to know and this was a direct quote from the judge last night. What's the good of doing a certification ahead of time? His reference was to another deadline as you were not on there. He is a midnight Friday deadline for the final accounting of over-teas balance. So the Democrats asked the questions, what's the rush? You can't have a final number. You can't have a final certification until then anyway. Right. We're waiting to see what the judge has to say in either case we've gotten the indication from both sides that this ruling will be appealed. John, let me if I can try to straighten this out. The Lucia County was the one that went to this judge in half. Right. Okay, we're forgetting a John's signature dollar's on. Just just killing time. Just talking crap. And how can the Lucia County finish the count, right? Or almost so? No, no they finished the count. I'm sure that. I don't think so. Well they were finished with all the regular votes in the head of the 29,000 absentee balance account. But how come we out from there not showing a different count? It's not 388 anymore. I don't think they're done. The Lucia. I'm on. Oh, there's still a punch in some holes and some balance. Whatever they need. Okay. Here's Miami. Hello. And you? Yes sir. Oh, what's going on with you? You've raised me, though. Why is this real voting on the American list? What do you mean Israel voted because they want a fix it? And then we got a bunch of air votes. You jackass. It's Americans who are in Israel. You idiot. God, is it possible to be that stupid? Oh, it is. Why is Israel voting? Because it's a bunch of dudes. They like the Democrats. That's why. So mind your own business. 9 minutes after you're known at 5, 60 WC. You're forced to abortion and the baker you said before wait till those votes come in from Germany. You said they will vote for us. That's what he said. Something we have day. Yeah. We have days of making sure that they do it right. Nobody said. No. No. No. No. No. The Neil Roger show. Sports radio. 5, 60. 6, 8, 8. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 5. 10. 7. 10. 10. 7. 7. 7. 15. 7. 7. 5. 5. 7. 10. I'm going to be back at the commercial break on Amazon, BCC and all of them going on. What about CNN? Are they in a commercial break? No. Or does it be referred to as a content partner that would perhaps overrule this to this 5pm? 4pm is County Judge withdraws from Balor case. No! No! No, this is still going to be true. No! We know that the FCT Bells aren't going to be a little prior to it. So, is there really this necessity to shut down in County, NG? It's a one more question. One of the people will feel free to let the Tiramis come out to say that in life. What is the legal recourse? The Jaggi, the Yankees also are involved in running. And if he won't be conforming to the fact that they have the option to be a part of the state, they have the option to go in right to the floor to Supreme Court. All right. I want to go now to Broward County. But if you let go of Broward, how many votes? Go to Broward. Oh! Good bye, hand. Joining us on the phone, CNN, Susan Kendi, I think, for Waterdale, Florida, waterdale. Good afternoon, Frank. We just wanted to little while ago that in just a few minutes of the bottom of the area, the Broward County, Kambusing Board, is going to be holding a meeting of board consists of three people. This is the board that last night decided not to do a total hand meeting. I've been a cracker by the director of the meeting. Now, the reason I'm going to say that I want to share a Republican candidate in Florida, guys. It's meeting just prior to an emergency hearing at two o'clock this afternoon that was integrated to an order by a Broward Circuit judge. That was because of a request from attorneys representing the Democratic Party here in Broward County that are asking for a total hand recount. I want to hand job at the board. I don't have to want this because they believe that the Kambusing Board's decision for the two to one, two Republicans, one, Democrats, against a total recount. The Democrats say that that is unfair, that the one percent of the votes that were re-counded in some precincts turn up four additional votes for Vice President Gore and the Democrats are arguing that based on that and considering a rate of error, that a total rate of $500 to $500 for Vice President Gore. And I'm going to say that the Democrats are not going to be a Republican to argue that all of this was a non-tourist match of various arguments. And they say that the Democrats are simply shopping for additional votes and they'll be happy and telling the Democrats to get the kind of resoul that they want. They got the cheering coming up the two o'clock and the Kambusing Board immediately started to issue it. They fixed the parents who are who now the Democrats to be trolling for votes now. They know that they lost this state. There's no difference that it was days ago. They know they lost this state. They lost the election. They lost the popular vote. And they want to find a way to find one of their buddies while Kambusing here. They say, OK, this is it. I'm exercising my authority and five o'clock at either here or if you and that's it. That's over with. There's a whistle now. Even though there's time on the clock. Oh, this. And then of course, they don't realize that by midnight, Friday, 107, the ballots come in. The 24 million from Israel, that they might not like to result. But too bad. Uh, potentially for errors, uh, that the machine didn't pick up any votes at all. And so they think that a manual recount could turn up additional votes for either candidate. Manuals we're not in. And the audience thought a lot of down now to West Palm Beach, Florida and day, and Cardwell, he's the former director of the Florida division of elections. Florida, Florida, Florida, Florida. And we have a lot of people. There's no. There's no. There's no. I don't know. I don't know. But if you could have charted this, this, this, that's how it's all you're on now. All right. You know, it hurts. Yeah. You've heard from our correspondence all over David. And you know what's coming down, you know, through the legal channels today. Uh, do there anything that you can anticipate at this point based on what county officials are saying, what state officials are saying, or you completely in the dark, or we all completely in the dark? I think we can anticipate something that's never been done before because that's sort of been the, uh, uh, the rule so far that we are in two areas where there is no real legal president or certainly no strong legal president. We've never had a situation like this in Florida. We've had election contest, uh, numerous occasions because, similarly, they've been at the local level, uh, for local races. In fact, the statute that that's such issue today, the spot P of deadline, uh, was enacted because, uh, counties were taking so long, getting their election returns in because, uh, really localized scientists that it was affecting the certification of legislative races, uh, uh, where the legislature pays off as two weeks after the election. That was really, that why the one week was selected so they could get the legislature in place. And the exception was, was our so-called hurricane exception. So we've never had anything like this. What is the precedent of the statute? It's really intended to try to get the returns in as quickly as possible while providing a reasonable period of time to resolve all contests. Uh, manual recounts have typically been, uh, just in a single county and we're able to be completed on time. The process we've been to this situation was in 1988, and the U.S. Senate, uh, election of, uh, coming back over Buddy McCay, which went right down to the wire in the, uh, protest and contest filed there, which dealt with election machinery in the lay out of the ballot. I just want to remind our viewers that it could, well, that we are awaiting literally any, Yeah, we're still, we're any my year, that Frank says no, it's just any moment. We believe that. No. I have a sinking feeling in the pit of my stomach to a clock comes when I get out of here in Managed comes in, and there's still to be saying any second now, any minute now. Here's Weston, hello. Weston, got that radio just blurring it in the by flashing it. Weston. Hey, yeah. Yes, sir. Hey, I want to talk about the House of Representatives. Yeah. I thought the, uh, the 13 House managers and, uh, just fear information that 11 of them ran for their seat again in the House of Representatives, yeah. Yeah. 10 of them won. 10 of them like retain their seats. And what about what about building the column, the rent of the Senate and the laws? Well, that's, I said it was 13. Yeah. Who ran for their seat? And what about the, uh, answer the broken California? He's the only one to lost. Yeah. Oh, that's good. Okay. Thanks for the good news. Well, one, I, what does that supposed to prove? Is that prove anything? No, no, it improves. He likes, uh, paymentsgate or part of that anyway. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 5, 60 on the AT&T and the rise of the marvelous lava got several up and lines here. And we need to do a kill some good time here because they're still a hot kind of China course. And both the show's not. They're sitting over that same, uh, same. If he's always out of the position, like he knows something. But he ain't telling way out. They're the gore folks. But politically, both control. Just bagged. Okay. They're just there doing the same thing. We are just killing time. They're just dying waiting for this core rule. Here's what waterdale, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. Okay. Well, this is a bit of a sighting. This is even more sighting than A-Mion. Yes, it is. Well, this is definitely kill some time. Yeah. I need to do a fight. I have a sort of like a change in the subject. Even though I think it's appropriate. Change the subject. Okay. Will you love this? Yeah. I thought I heard you say that you, uh, cure your ideas. Yeah. Well, how did you do it? I didn't say I cured it. It just went away. Did you do anything for it to go away or just let it go away? Why didn't I took that stuff? Did I do a mucle? No, not a mucle. That's a nature and healthy Trinity stuff. What's the name of it again? Nature and healthy Trinity. Cost in Armand Labor is good stuff. There's a capsule. Do you want the number? Please. 1-800-992-3323. My 9-2-3323. I will admit that my kissies are twisted right now. That's from the election. Not from my over here. It's the election. I think I got to go. Okay. Good luck. All right. Thank you. I'll take two and a half. Yeah. We're still waiting there's still a bit pop out. Yeah. Okay. Let's pot it up again. See what they're saying. I'm almost ready to get to that point. I'm almost ready to get to that point. I'm almost ready to get to that point. I'm almost ready to get to that point. I'm almost ready to get to that point. I'm going to say, I don't give a shot anymore. I'm almost at that point. I just, you know, it's too much, too much either. Schmidt or get off the pot. That's my suggestion to all of these guys. Do something. Re-count or don't recount or do something. Including his damn judge. Now he's 1224. And you watch. We're going to get caught in the middle of a commercial break. You know what? No matter when I do it, we're going to get caught right in the middle. But we're going to look at it. Not a mini-way. Here's a lady mobile and North Miami. Hello. Hi, Neal. Yes, Ben. Hi, how are you? I'm okay. I want you to know that I am a long time listener and I love your show. Of course. Just outstanding. I am. You are. I think it's my greatest president like somebody just said you want your key change to talk to me. So I can carry your left. Where if I go? Oh, right. Actually. Okay. When I want to tell you, if I really almost went off the road and you were talking about the pregnant chef, how can these people be that hypocritical? I mean, are they the right to life or what? That's right. Here we got maybe a little fetus growing in those chairs and they want to toss them. That's right. I thought I would go off the road. It's a best thing I ever done right. I never shan. Have you ever heard anything so stupid in all your life? There's a lot of time. I know what the problem is because the media repeat these things. They say somebody says it in a maybe piece and a publisher's whole year. That's a good point too. That's there may be like a little invitation in there. Can you tell me what the difference is between a pregnant woman and a post woman? I mean, that's a deal. Well, I have to be a pokey for gets pregnant as well. I guess right. I was giving you that line as a set of words. That's very much. Thanks for not taking it. Okay. See you. Calm down. Get what you do. Take that set about. Okay, see. Well, she's going up like a snare drum. So, thanks. There's no shame. Oh, they're going to break it. We are too. Ha ha ha ha. Oh. I can't. I can't. Take it. 26 past no to five sixty WQM. If you find yourself working in the mirror, what do we do? I'll wait a minute and I'll see they pick me out. Oregon now on official tally there shows go ahead by about forty seven hundred goats. That would be enough to avoid an automatic week. I'll you notice they got in a Mexico back at least. And then you got to right. They got to Mexico back in the world column because they found those 500 votes. Under somebody's armpit. They found about 20 of them and somebody's back home. But they found them. Five is not an out. But I just didn't take the video. Okay, 12 30 at five sixty WQM. The nephew was out there along with Joe Costello and the QM van to get the loan and they're bugging us. There are out there in a candle. 117th Avenue and candle drive in the shell station. The back are you saying it's in the back of the shell station? Is that what they do? By the time the country mall 117th and candle drive about the best of you stuff. I flew those nippy. He changed and he needs and this has been all a good stuff. Only got a hundred bucks and a half an hour. Not too great. Not too exciting guys. What they had 60 in the first three or four minutes. So let's get with it. Just go get a search party and maybe you'll find them. Meantime are they doing anything on this judge? No. No. And I'm getting really carried looking at Frank says. I'll take that right now. Yes, to support for the vice president. Re-count is underway and day counting. They're already starting their doing at the recounting. In fact, some of those dead people are dead again as well. I'm hearing. Any moment on the just go dead, Washington. Burn the proof. Oh, burn the proof. So we're going to bathe along the CD's people. It makes me sick of my stomach. Burn the tree 50, 60 MSNBC and here's John Siggentall. Who talks too much? No. And Chris, do we have any idea about the delay here? We don't have any idea about the delay. They gave us a two minute warning about 10 minutes ago John. Two minute warning. Literally. We have folks to standing in. I have a producer who has a phone to each year. And as soon as we get it, we'll give it to you. I just want to go back to if I can for a second. So what you were saying about the public relations war that is going on here, because former Secretary of State James Baker was in this room just a short time ago. And he puts forth a proposal that he said to put an end to all this. That basically both of my way in and that we put in. Set the final vote count. It's five o'clock today. And that's the overseas ballast that caught on Friday. And in return. But I just had it that we had before. There were public influence that the manual vote recounted up until the statutory deadline. If the Gore campaign except all of this for sure. The most likely it's been made some remark and he said, let me quote him now. This would be the best course for the nation as a whole. More and more we see a certain thing. The financial market and overseas. And he was asked more about what we're talking about. Well, I'm sure he's going to say it. Yeah. And the Dow is up on with the next step for 18. So what is he talking about? So look like any uncertainty there to me. Looks like everything's going just talking to or a Jimmy. Maybe. So put your swapping it back in your pants and stuff to clap. And you just heard a response from the Democratic counterpart. He said, look, this isn't about the political situation. This is about earnings reports. So we're continuing to hear the spending. Go on. Go on. We're sorry. But they wait as we are for this legal decision. We're going to get some to you for the compromise here. The James Baker was talking about. He said, except that line at five o'clock, except that. And he didn't have a deadline that started to cave me. No, no, no, no, no, no. So what was the compromise that they would drop their federal court, pursuing anything in the federal court? Yeah, two things. One is that they would do that. But together things that they did not. And all the other. I'll put another mission. Let's get to burden the proof. Oh, but there's a commercial break. Can you believe that? Can you believe that? Can you believe that CNN will wait on our hands and knees here? Another break already? Yeah, they're doing commoissures there on CNN. They got some freaking Earth. Get the commercial break. Over here. Get these goddamn illegal vehicles on there. Right now. Come on. Here we go. There you go. Nice talk up. If the Gore campaign accepts this, this is all. I will not leave him on here. I'm sorry. Heinrich Kimler does not speak on the meteorologist. You're on the front of that right now. Just look at him. Man, could you see him getting ready to scope those ovens right now? Yeah, in my opinion, in accurate description of the laws of Florida. And again, the laws of Florida will be determined by the court. And just pop pop pop pop pop pop pop. We got judges refusing themselves running down the hall running to the toilet. What do you say? Five to five? I've got to that federal building area that cornhouse and Palm Beach. I've got to there's a long line that's at the men's room. That's a bucket. Ha ha ha ha ha. So this one here is burning a proof. Where's old jay? That you know, Justin, I'm hearing that they're going to declare the whole thing. Call them off, they're going to say, oh, they're going to say the winner. Oh, man. Oh, welcome to the Burger Group. I'm in Let's Home Beach, Florida. Where today the West Palm Beach can be. Where the program is. It's not recommended. It's manual recount. Yeah. But the main developments are occurring right now. What? Tell a happy morning. James Baker observed her for the Bush campaign. All the press conference in Tallahassee. It urged the Gore camp to accept today's 5pm deadline and put a deal on the table. Yeah, I'm sorry. Again, he ain't getting on the. I will not put that voice on here. Up. Yeah, up yours. Okay. Where we go? And here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. They found two votes in Lake County, up in T. Bala. What? With the name, Mangle and the other one with the name, Eggman. The first count on the option T. Bala. They have 20 ballots. We, with the show you're a number that doesn't exist. Name and address is a dozen. Are you serious? I absolutely agree. How do you go that? Because they said that yesterday in the in the six or clock youth. But, uh, obviously you're using your own election to face scientists. No, I do not listen to the percentages. That was probably the hockey game guy. You know. Well, but that's what happened. Let me tell you what happened yesterday. The most popular Tokyo at night. Two old people call both of them working specters in son of his booting, boarding the prison. They get the name. They're, we think, number were they work. And they were so proud that they were with. They're way to, way to, way to, way to, way to judge the size on this. Okay, go ahead and tell them. They were very proud that they were able to help the old people to vote. They were brought to the prison from nursing homes. Old son of these people did not treat in English or Hispanic. Son of the people could not see the ball of the world. And son of the people did, did not know where they were. So they got into the board in boot with them and. For it. They're going to go to the school. If you're, of course, it's totally illegal. Absolutely. They give the names that we think, number one. They're not a guy. They're not a punch in the form. One in each higher lea and one in little hera. Oh, no. Not a story, man. Wow. That is, if they have a recount on investigation in the county, yeah, go away, win by 20,000 votes. I'm not a thing. For sure, go away one day. No question, right? Right. On the option D ballads, he moves, he has to lose it by 7,000. You have a base, but they say that absentee ballots usually feed a Republican because, you know, they throw a lot of money at the time. 7,000? Wow. A lot of balls. Yeah, but there's a lot of dead people in the big county. Well, that's why they should have it recount in woodland, memorial and in peace, memorial. Amen. Good enough. So do you know right now, they're countin' francically. I'm any time that you do it by hand, there's all we'll be in Expression. Okay. One tonnish, more of some time bigger, but always an extension. Wait till you get to be this old. Okay. Good luck to us. Okay. So Bill Hummer said, talking about that poem, these vote, which has not yet been certified, and we have a witness who is at the center of that controversy. We have a member of the Palm Beach, Cammacy Board, Carol Roberts, Carol, who is the status of the manual recount. It's not been suspended. Why? Well, the manual recount was suspended as a vote of the cancels, where the squawning based on a secretary of state opinion. And we decided that we would wait until we got an opinion from the attorney general. We didn't get the opinion from the attorney general. And the vote went on to say that if the attorney general's resolution wasn't contrary to the secretary's state position, we would go and ask for a deferred to a action between the opinions of the opinions of the decided by court, in which it's the correct opinion. My understanding that we're filing this deferred to a reaction with the floor is to think court under certain authority's statute which allows us to go directly to the Supreme Court. And that's, is that actually been following? Do you do not the staff immune? Is it imminent? I would make an assumption that we're filing it at a place I guess it's time to write that kind of, you know, ask for that kind of opinion. And of course it's all kind of mood depending on who says he's ruling it's coming down any second. Now is it coming any second? Oh, my God. I think we're all going to have a number. Are we going to have a nervous breakdown? Tell me a little opposite to me. Let's give one of those angle in chasing orders on the phone. 21 before one is five, 60, WQM. The deal Roger shows, sports radio, 5, 60, 2, 8, and the lie, I am not allowed to say. Okay, here's the good news. The good news is that they judge as meta-decision and it's a nine-page decision. And the bad news is we're not going to know for like five or six minutes. And they're going on. And all five minutes. And on. And on. Game counts is this morning off that. A little some way we're just waiting for it. What is this story? So we're to name it them. Okay, get out of here. Get out of my shoulders. Josh Moro, hey, and the Josh go back in the closet. And CNN goes back to commercial break. So we got five minutes and counting. This is it. Because the decision has been rendered. This is the circuit judge in Tallahassee. We started the side. Whether they both count can continue. And then of course it'll be a peer of the Supreme Court either way. But I'm assuming that if he rules that the board we count can continue that they're going to start counting here. Wouldn't you assume that? You would assume that. That. Because they're counting right now. They count a few weeks later. In fact, they're like looking under mattresses for dead people. Because you know what commendulous shit. We're going to have to go to the mattresses. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 10, 5, 6, 6, 8, 8, 8, look at the way the phone got up. Because everybody's now like, oh, here we go. 5 minutes away from hearing from the telephone. I've met a way. I've met a way. I've met a way. I've met a way. I've met a way. I've met a way. I've met a way. I've met a way. I've met a way. I've met a way. I've met a way. I've met a way. The beberogue ran to over colum Fortunately, someone he hasuito. Chart. To whether you're moving forward or not, to keep chasing you homeless, yeah. OK. вам bearing that for us in theließenure of wooding out. Let's go right now to the bus stop. And we're gasded dry silver. A little bit of tree painting, work for us to keep running. Peacting dry copper. I read that voters in Palm Beach County who were denied the ability to pick their choice for this election. These are people who were tied up in voting and effect for Buchanan by mistake. And what we want is we want the ability to have these people's votes count. And what that may entail is either a new vote in the county or a conclusion that a statistical analysis has to be done. And we have some of the topics for the United States now in the poor house from Harvard University from Cornell from Northwestern and the University of California in Berkeley, qualifier under the ballot standard. Well, let me ask you a question. If you have, if you don't withdraw your injunction, your custody injunction, you are going to disenfranchise. Run the rest of disenfranchise, this entire county. Right. And that's one of the things we've amended our conflained and injunction prompt for which it's just to not do that, to make sure that this vote counts. And for that, we're essentially speaking of Secretary of State who, as you know, was the coach, chairman of the Bush campaign year. In fact, it's surprising that we're now on our fifth judge who's been using themselves to the conflicts of interest that she doesn't. I'm astonished. This could not happen in Pennsylvania where I'm coming from. And what we're going to do is not disenfranchise these people. We're going to make certain that they, in fact, get the right to vote and their vote counts. And for this, to have occurred, and our statistical people, by the way, can't say the conclusion out of the view, can and vote more than 2,000 clearly would have gone to Vice President Gourmet. Of the 19,000 votes that were declared in ballot, more than half of them would have the substantial majority would have gone to Vice President Gourmet, not just in the U.S. Vice-Pompete County. So I think something has to be done in Florida. I am feeling that we're being here now in the midst of all this and seeing how upset the people are that they need to have a complete reasonable of the people who voted in the election and have had an open. And that's the legislature. I'm going to interrupt you. I'm going to have to be. Let me interrupt you for just a second. I want to go to Glenn Ivy, who's here with me in Washington. Glenn, what we're really talking about is the notion of how do we make sure that each person's vote counts and counts correctly. What is your response on that? You've heard from what the Republican counterpart is saying. Well, I think the goal is to have the recount votes move forward in a bower county and Paul Beach County and others. Mr. Schillers, what I'm going to do is that he's not who's that think which leading to a revote I think is unlikely. But I think the goal for the Democrats is to have the revotes the recount move forward at the O'Chirings. I know I'm this question of a revote and whether or not there was a confusing ballot. It was a clear principle in election law. Okay, we're not going to put him on his face. Okay, well, wait and we got about a couple minutes. Would you say? Couple minutes, man. The pressure is getting. Can you feel it? Oh, man. Oh, man. I would roll up my windows real tight because if you just crack your window a little, you'll smell it all over town. People are certainly crumbled from this pressure. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Let me say again, the judge, the Circuit Judging Tallahassee has rendered his opinion. He's a nine pages. And what why is this? You think he's a high tail of the Zavavitz? He's given himself time to get out of town. Yeah, but seriously, they probably got the Lured Jet on the one way there. They probably limoed him over to the Lured Jet. He's probably in the right now. Wait a minute. Oh, this is this idiot again. Compensalvania. I'm not saying he's an idiot. But what's else? What's all we got some comfort back in attorney in here representing those post office up there in Palm Beach. Compensalvania. And he's given us a lecture? What's right is right? What's right is right. Excellent. Profound words there from Stephen Schiller, from Pennsylvania. What's right is right? And what's wrong? It's that crime. But this guy, I've already arrived. You're okay. We got a major to see. I'm going to AMS NBC. I can't stand it. You can't handle it. And push he's whining now. I'll picture themselves on beaches in the Caribbean. And I'm not kind of saying when this happens. You did. I do. I think pretty much everybody did. So I took a couple of days to get wound up again. But they are wound up now. They are loaded for bear right. Yeah. We had good. We ain't. For a secretary who was kind of quiet for a couple of days comparing them to the Republican Florida Secretary of State to a Soviet commissar yesterday. So they are they are back in the campaign mode here. And they are meeting on the other side just as hard as they did during the campaign. And I think that will continue now. Of course they're playing good cop bad cop here. You've got Chris Lahain and people at that level. Making a very hard time. I can't stand this guy. I'm going back to a scene I can't stand in. It was also published. Wait a second. We did Thomas. I don't have a queta. Get up and put the garden them out. I think what's Steve and I'm going to get this corrected. Steve. Five, six, seven, five, six, three. I'll give it a member. I'm not taking any calls. Because I don't want to get a well-prepared middle-class. But that's what I want to say. I'm going to take a call. Go ahead. The hardest one. Yeah. The point I want to make is that this ballot and these machines. The butter phone machines were actually used. In-app can be voting by people who walked in and voted after Steve early. Physically voted after Steve early. They were all the same. The Democrats have the same. That doesn't mean that the people that came in and voted on the black. That's the same. The Democrats have the same. For example, the people that I spoke to were foreign beings. They didn't vote after Steve in advance. They came on election day. And they didn't have any any. Any opportunity before the election to object. But I think that's the question. I don't know that this is where the challenge is ultimately going to go. I think it's going to be very good. But I think it's a fair complaint to the party. Hi, I agree. It is also going to be what Donald Sauri counted. Let's say it's going to get to our country. There we go. There we go. There we go. There we go. Right. We're going to roll a push. And now in the four to courtroom of, just a very lures who have ruled on this subject. They've been demanding that five years. They would be dead while in for counting the votes. A mic, a better standing in front of the microphone at the courthouse where this announcement is about to be. What do you think? What do you know? We can write. If you don't want to, we're going to make sure we got this writing. Yeah, get it right. You don't need to like the election. You don't. Okay. The motion for the temporary injunction has been denied. We should have someone walking up to the podium here in just a few minutes. So that would be a big leap when this had to be a state. And we're waiting in the minute the loser walked up to the podium to read that opinion. So that, those counter to some of the questions he was asking yesterday. Judge Terry Lewis, who had signed this order, has been taken up to the court clerk. And we're waiting any moment for someone to step up to the podium. That will be Terry Casos, the court of the minute. I'm going to go out of the camera shot because this camera will belong to all networks here. Just a moment, we'll be broadcasting all of this. The decision was being prepared this morning by the judge. And we told that you need second. They should be coming up to the podium. Second now. Any moment. But there he heard the injunction's little eye. That means, what's the Supreme Court over the world is, Judge. That means five of a part of the afternoon. You need to know. It's sure that it will be appealed by the side of the loser. The Supreme Court is only a block away from here. And there is a mechanism in the court allow that allows the party to one two of the old two bypass. The Circuit Court of Appeals, and those directly to the Supreme Court. There isn't much time to file this appeal because if Secretary of State, the Secretary of State and his position stands that there is a 5-PM deadline. Five hours before that deadline gets the Circuit of State Center representatives. The 14 counties last night who had not since their certification is into the state. They're ready to get those certifications. Counties like springs were told by Tom Teele on the election. Tom's spring gotty here about this one. Or had a certified. Take this guy's bottle away, please. That's how he's like Tom's spring. Tom Beach County would be the count that was given last Saturday. That was requested by the Republican Party that was a machine count. Here we go, I'm on. Good afternoon everybody. We're sorry to keep you all waiting. Okay, here. Okay, I'm going to read a piece of the order. The body of the order, and then I'll go to the actual order portion. This is Terry O'Neigh asked the court in the court. You're not going to let the party go. Hello. I'm the county candidates. You board. Much certified and filed. What election returns. They have by the statutory deadline of 5 p.m. November 14, 2000. We've been notified in the Secretary of State. Any pending manual ring counts. And may thereafter file supplemental or corrective return. The Secretary of State may more sexually file return. But may not do so arbitrarily. Rather only by the proper extra sign of discretion after consideration of all appropriate facts and circumstances. It is rooted in a judge that the Secretary of State is directed to withhold the termination as to which whether or not to ignore late file return. If any from plainness, can the team board with until due consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances. With the sound exercise of discretion. In all other respects. The motion for temporary and general level war. It's nine. Don't you know what it is? It's not quite easy. We don't care. It's not easy. The board's key gave no numbers. He's out. Okay. So does anybody understand what that means? Well. So she's got to discretion. So in other words, the vote has to be treated by 5. But the recops can so go on. And then she will decide whether that makes any difference or not. Whether the recalculate. Right. Oh my god. Where's the legal diversity when we need them? This is 5. 60. UAS. 4.5.6. WVQAM. My amy for Waterdale. A measly broadcast group station. www.QAM.com or the world. It's so large a few hours. I'm not as bad as I could move in. She goes down on me all the time. She's easy to see. When she gets on her knees and makes me feel fine. So I'm not as easy to see my legs. So that's who this house is. Her daughter should call the property of the house. She comes in the court and can't ask the police. They're going to court and get out. Oh, thank you. I've got the property to set up. Having enough privilege with the things you hold aside. I get the limited event where I self-respect. So� guide me to the village and if you look at me... If you know anyone who goes down, please stay home. I have nothing to do there, but I can tell. I've got the rights to go and change these I would represent our issue to undefined all the hoses. OK daddy, hey Ellie we saw a towel. Don't need touches in matter where. Well I GOT SOMETHING to buckle up. Well Well and One out to five six, you have to be privileged. Anybody understand what's going on? No. No. Madison Carl of course I would see Gore campaign in Washington, June, the serve is with the first campaign in Austin Texas. Jonathan Wolfsart with you has to do this appointment. So Gore campaign although there will be an appeal exchange. Yes, clearly a disappointment in an unexpected disappointment, but the Gore campaign I just spoke to a member of the legal team said we lost, but we're going on to appeal. We are fully prepared to appeal. They have David boys on hand, David boys, one of the countries top trial attorneys, the person who handled the Microsoft case for the Justice Department. He's been in Palamaz, he since last night preparing for a possible appeal. And officially from the campaign Doug Hattaway tells CNN's Chris Black that officially the Gore campaign will appeal this. So right now I'm told the legal team going over this judge's decision and preparing for a very speedy trip over to states of pre-incorporate to appeal the president. We understand that if they don't, if this certain holds up if the states Supreme Court does never rule it and their public says they can get their votes in by a five or clock. The department's vote every voter in Palm Beach County. That's those who were confused. That's those who's balanced with their vote. But every voter in Palm Beach County would be just in franchise. And their votes wouldn't count. Okay, we got almost every line open because the public's going to live like that. Like they haven't got AID, what's going on? 560, 050, 5060 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Don't forget Joe Costello's lonely down there in a QA in Van, him in the FU. And they're located in the show gas station in the rear of 117th in Kendall, and Kendall and Kendall, all the best in the OSTOT CDs, CISF key chains and etc. Till till clock. 313 votes on our poll. How interested are you now in the outcome of the election? The story of our interest in 139. Stick a bit get it over with already 106. Getting less interested by the day 68. Here's, here's worth. Hello. Hello? Yes sir. Yes sir. This is, you know, I correct me if I'm wrong Neil. Correct me if I'm wrong Neil but I'm repeating yourself sir. I'm giving you a name. If I stop you. Sure. I think you said, you know, a lot of people prior to the election thought it's Bush, you know, Bush got it with stock market. We go up. Now all these people go to the Bush base on the fact that the stock market will go up. Was that what you were inquarified at? I'm sure it would have been another 30,000 more votes for Gore. Because they voted for Bush for the quick five or five minutes, you know, for that five day. If I find it sir, I'm responsible that Gordon went up. You didn't say to these out the caucus. You said, you're an, and the market is going to go up. The market is going to go up for about five six days. We are living with this base before years. Now for it, you're going to be on the back on WPDR. That's for it. That was at 34. Listen, get the content out of your carolstery bag and run off into Sherwood Forest. I have no idea what you're talking about. And that makes too much. You do do you crazy old bastard. Speaking of crazy, here's no McKinney. So the judge in power half the has decided to confuse cloud and constipate the issue in a way that's even more imaginable than one cannot articulate. My matter and I have, I'm not dumb as a person on a face of ear. So I haven't got any idea what you're talking about. Of course, must be in my five, but they can still go ahead and recount. And then she's going to have the discretion. She can throw them off on not if it's substantial. I mean, what would have been all means? Actually, he's just got a kind of a sign. The judge has just invaded the state. The responsibility of making a clear judicial determination that would clarify the issue. So it's all in the court. This was the next best thing to be accusing himself. Well, you know, in Ombe County, never were else. The judge is just jumping out of their robes, not to hear the case. Right. And that may happen in Broward where people are seeking injunction to clear cloud commandate a hand count. Yeah, you have a down, you have a down, pretty good science. What the judge in power half the has said is to the capon hair, the secretary of state, you had no right to say that obituary, you will not accept supplemental ballots. But you do have the right within your discretion to reject those supplemental ballots. If they don't present you, it's a really good reason as to why they're in lane. But he's leaving and he's leaving a turn to squish, which is an absurdity because this person has become pain chairman for George W. who can't clean with him in New Hampshire and he was already prejudged the issue. So it's obviously going to go to an appellate court and probably double able to say to direct appeal for the Supreme Court. So it's not over yet, but it means that if the hand count goes on, it's going on with the clear cloud that when it is finally submitted, the secretary of state will arbitrarily decline to accept its submission. And then you'll have a real constitutional crisis where you have a certified vote of the popular saying that perhaps one can today won, but the other can they they got certified as the winner. So that's what this judge has opened the door for. He's also opened the door for if she does just have five of the staff in the room since he's got some of this question out, the Supreme Court does not rule his ruling that the five, the public does not, the certified their vote by five, everybody in Palm Beach gets their vote on. That's right. And according to the ruling, although it's not all written out yet for everyone to see the looking in the first time, it may be that Palm Beach can do a preliminary certification. They can submit an amended including the hand counts they've already done. But to now. And then submit the other ones later. It's really a tragic comedy in terms of this judicial ruling. It will be a PO, Alicia County's already announced that they're appealing it. And I have no doubt that the Palm Beach County can't be the one who will ask for a PO of this within moments. Well, Carol, I'll elaborate to the city of Amsterdam and she looks like she's in the calm night this point. Well, I can understand that this is a very confusing ruling because it would be one thing to turn if that over to an operator if that was going to be an imposter lobber to ask her required that the secretary of tape state was already come down on one side of the issue, be the imposter lobber there. She's already come down on one side. Yeah. And speaking of that, did we ever find out whether gay Democratic Judge and Bauer County voted on the other side, do I stop accounting at the Balson Brown? He was relying upon the advisory ruling of the secretary of state that only machines, the abelations would authorize or warn the recount. And he was not privileged to have seen the attorney general's count of velling legal opinion earlier this morning. He didn't get to review that because the people already appealed it. So the canvassing board isn't even going to have a chance to rebuild or revisit that issue in Brown. It's already a Brown circuit court except the hearing is too. But I hear the judge may want out of 159 as well. I'm here. Now I took Judge Miller to find the case. He's been around 30 years. He's used to making spontaneous ruling. He's not afraid to make a ruling. He was the judge who issued the injunction bar in the state of Florida two weeks ago from going ahead with the cutting down of the trees. Great in the cancress. Nice going Judge Miller. We like him already. He's probably making a affirmative ruling one way or the other one way from the issue. The real issue is going to ultimately wind up in the Supreme Court, probably by tomorrow at five o'clock. And the Supreme Court affirms the crime to hear the case that means that the telecasting judge is ruling his final, which means the secretary of state ruling is final, which means that you can pretty much assume that the electoral vote will go to judge the vote. But we don't have those absentee. Valencia, the overseas. That's true. You bet to turn around as well. Because they said this morning there are 4,000 coming from Israel. Now they did see the laughing now, but that's not that's another unknown factor. Yeah. Yeah. How many of the absentee ballots will actually come in by Friday? There's been a kind of elegant presumption on the part of Republican. That's why the matter is going to win. That's the road and that, if we get a win, those absentee ballots for getting that more absentee ballots from the ill-toe Israel issue in the end. Well, there will see this is part of the new entitlement program for America that means that they're entitled to just take over. Okay. Well, let's govern yourself accordingly and we'll hang on tight. Okay. Love and after one at five, 60 WCW. Yes, the best of Neil Rogers, 2000. Just go to his back to music store near the org.com on the net. Well, that's the mean 2000 with the right answer. How many of the first thing that pockets your mind? What do you think this is? Almost any. Let's vote. Okay. And this one? Infectification. How about this? Bobby Valentine riding the balloon, he's calling. Oh, oh, those five, let's class it. So that's the Neil Rogers 2000. On his 430, okay. 60, two, hang on. All of us, I'm going to say about part of the landing on and on. There have been a number of lawsuits. We lost count at nine this morning. I think that's where it's been nine suits have been filed by voters in this county. Almost all of them. I would say eight involved via the ballot itself. And the problems with the ballot most of them. Yeah, we already know that. Beyond here. We know. Okay. Let's take a call or two here. If anybody is less confused than I am, because I can't make heads or tails of it. Here's my me, ladies. So. Okay. I think I went into this for. And I know. I know. You're asking about. I guess I wanted to be looking at it from. She treated prospective sort of speak. And I think that I want to tell that. No, that's one state of consent. For Florida. We think about who the governor is. I think it's four wrong opposing. Yeah. I just think that. Yeah. That's why he told us whether, you know, that's why Bush told the girl at my brother told me I want. Wait, people come and tell me now they say, oh, we'll get up and back to week. We'll take you to the F would be a lot of everything. It's a lot of money. Everything's for the boys. If you're looking at the six of them, you know. All right. Take care. Okay. Well, I'm so okay. She is a border. 56056 be. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Now, Greta Von Brahm was planning out that seven of the justices on the Florida Supreme Court were pointed by Democratic governors. I just mentioned that in passing. Here's a lady mobile and bokeh. Hello. Yes, man. You know, I've been listening to you today. Now, I heard you say that Bush won or, I scored one or gone. That's true. I think nothing about the, we've totally forgotten about the LX 12. Yeah. Well, he's 4847 under the head and organs. Are they going to work that for him? Well, I mean, that they had nobody's asked for a recondition. The deadline. Like yesterday was the deadline in New Hampshire. And Bush won a by 7200. And nobody asked for a recondition. And that it on his pants. I already know what. Another deadline is this Friday in Iowa. And Gore is still over 4,000. Both said in Iowa. I don't know. I mean, things changed from day to day. I'm going to Mexico. We need three or two. And you won't be Florida. Am I right? No. I'm doing the man. If they give him this. Oh. If they give him this. If they give him this. If they give him this. If they give him this. If they give him this. If they give him this. If they give him that. You make a call. No other states that aren't in that electoral vote. A total except Florida. All right. So we need to find a few where he's very close and do a recount in those states. Well, who's very close? The round any? There's no other play play one. The only states that are that closer states that he's. The one. So far. Right. All right. I'm trying to figure something out without Florida. Because it's just getting so complicated with Florida. Can't happen. The only way could happen is that a Florida did not get certified by December 18. If they didn't have the electors in place. And then of course the rest of the country would pick the president and go and win. So if the legal battles go on, call the 18. But they won't. But they won't. They won't. No. All right. Listen. Thanks for taking my call. Okay. Good luck. She's in the hurry. Now she's on a way in the airport. She's on her way to the airport. Oh my god. Walking in the sex. Good luck. Bye. Bye. 5. 5. 6. 5. 5. 6. On the AT&T. What is it? If you hate me. She's at my 388. She's at my 388. Including 100 from Polk County. But then you just decide, oh, what's kind of again? All by themselves. Nobody asked them to recop. They didn't let this go ahead and do it. Oh, here's another 100 for Bush. Okay. The whole thing. I know matter who you're for. No matter who you are. I hope comes out ahead. And there's the whole thing. Stinks so bad that a pile of rotting garbage. It's been sitting rotting since before Jesus was a baby. Could never have this. It's been sitting rotting since before Jesus was a baby. Could never have this. It could never have. Even Josh. I can't even begin to imagine that. And you could be worse than the usual. On his worst day. He doesn't smell like this. This stench of. Where is that man? Oh, which I'll have to chop it off. Where is that? Oh, here it is. Hey. Sence of cow manure. Hover is over this. Election. Yeah. I told Mad Dog to be here too, by the way, for ankle work. Here's what matters. Hello? Yes sir. Yes. That's just called as the kind of kind of one time listeners call her. Okay. And just from what I'm hearing, I mean, I don't know if I am going to be sitting over me or the callers. But I've read the statute that's in question. You need that the judge needs the determination that's pretty simple. It's only two sentences long. And it basically says that by 5pm all of those have to be in. That has encountered. And apparently, from what I heard on MNC, it goes by the weekend. So all the votes in the bottom will be thrown out or whatever. They just go back to the second recap of which we ordered. Yeah. The count is standing. Mm-hmm. Unless it's a clean color of the rules, this is a judge. Right. Right. And then be right. No matter who you're for, the whole thing here is just smiles even if you're for your size. Did this state that we were in? I mean, I've been sent it for 25 years and there are a lot of people who think that I get carried away. Or that I'm too short cash, the good two critical. Just state is in the zaster. We can't do anything right here. Well, it's good that you're critical. It's good for the profit for people to call in here. Okay. Thank you. 560560. Pompon is there anybody out there who likes the way that this has been. Oh, oh, God. So that's the make you a pifier gut town. Here's a model in Miami. Hello. Are you all? Yes. I do it in here. Okay. Well, right before we made that announcement, we're actually you played the announcement. We're talking about the decision in the court. Right before you made it out, but I just checked my, my cage for the stock update. And both stocks just before I heard it, I shot right through the roof. Right. That's a kind of down. I guess dinner number six is rolling before on. Yeah, they probably won the phone with the judge this morning. They probably knew which way it was going because the market has been going up from the get go. Yeah. And it's been a week where it's been just going down every day. And the first single day, especially the next day, can all of a sudden out of nowhere, the next day, up 180 and that's up 112, whatever number there's through the roof. That's right. That's amazing. They don't smell it. I can't understand. It's how the best outcome of this is that that basically the presidential election of the country goes down to what one woman feels. I bet really, you know, she's going to make a decision where she's going to accept or that except both. What is that? One woman who happens to be a rabbit, bush campaign worker. Why is it not that particular advertisement or I mean any other life? Yeah, well, why couldn't they bring in in fact, you know, Bobby, but a world's got no credibility either because he's a, you know, the Attorney General's is a head of a girl campaign for it. Why couldn't they bring in some outside arbitrators, some independent people from out of the state and let them get involved in this? Well, I mean, it makes no sense. Well, but then it makes it none of us makes any sense. No. You know, I want to ask you to definitely follow what happens with absentee ballots. Let's say the election would have ended when it was spoken. I mean, what happened to those absentee ballots? They just described them and it has no, you know, purpose and size you like to use the stuff? Which one you talking about? Well, I think it was for the legislature example. I don't want to follow what you're saying. Well, but let's say at this point, if they're still pending, if the absentee ballots, the overseas absentee ballots, yeah. Correct. If the election results had been determined, the night of the election. We would have had to go to the ballot for the coming in now. That is why this right. That might have been a lot of the file depends on what the margin is. If one candidate would have won by, you know, many, many thousands of votes, then they would still be counted, but it wouldn't have it. They could still the clear winner. I think I'm going to leave them at Stasi Grove and go get my passport really. I'm not going to leave them. I'll see you there. Okay. Bye-bye. First has 210 bucks pretty weak. Pretty weak is the shell station down there. Your car still was pretty pissed off about it. Without best of the keychain CDs, cassette, petriots. I ought to be doing a thousand bucks into ours at every one of these locations. And that's pretty bitter. Especially everybody's always asking me, when do you guys come out of South Bay? When you're going to send them out of South Bay, so we can get yourself. There's there right now in the rear. Why do I say that in the back ass end of the shell station, 170-to-kindled rock right by the town of Country Mall? Joe Costello and the nephew are there. And there's shit in there waiting on you. Okay. So real struggle, sir. What should keep Matthew's up there? Let me say it again. She endured snow and self-freezing through hamster temperatures to campaign for George W. Bush. He toured the panhandle and a motor home to order you elected Democrats to switch parties. Florida Secretary of State Catherine Harris is fiercely loyal to the Republican Party. And who ruling Monday that Florida's counties must deliver voter counties who are by 5th the end of it. Or risk being ignored to stop a riot of criticism, me odiotic. She is a granddaughter of Ben Hillgrip in Juni Ray, Citrus and cattle maggot. She has a net worth of $6.9 million nearly all of it in stock in BHG and her family's cross-proof based firm. There's that old citrus connection again. And where does the cheese really tightly connected not just with the Bush's politically, but at least one of the Bush's physically. That's the one that we're here in. As in, skirt skirt. That's the popular rumor going about. And she's the one, I mean, the ruling of the judges in coherent. How can he give her that much discretion? She can cause it down at five. She can abide by that law. Five of the caucus after the own chicken demand that they also to follow the vote. But they can continue counting. And on a close, what's happening in New Mexico? Who seeks to recap, must go to the caucus associate who put the recount. That's right. Interesting. The developments, our lapses were our regular mind. I don't know, Mr. Wobbott ever, maybe they're going to have a recount in New Mexico. Go on, you're like that, because Gore is now one New Mexico. And I thought to be a public institution, we don't want any more recounts. Just wrap it up. Isn't that what they've been shot? Yeah, I'm sorry. Damn it. Here's the call from Hollywood. Hello. Hello, how are you? Okay. Hey, thank God. We got something else going on in Florida, in the area. My question is, when is the one that's going to vote for all done in everything? And they go to vote. Yeah. I understand that the penalties for one of the electors is very minor if he does his vote the way it's two other bucks a day. Oh, no, I'm not thinking of the year. No, you're talking about something different. The penalty for the electors is not going to jail. I, I, I, I, I thought I had heard somewhere that it was like a very minor penalty. Mr. Meeter type penalty. No, I don't think so. I think that they were talking about the other day. They said the electors, if they don't vote the, the will, the electors, the big, what a jail. It's different by state. Like I said in Florida, I think they do like five minutes to community service at the criminal's house. Yeah, I mean, you know, so what's the stop one of these? Or go several weeks. Oh, wait a minute. Five public county judges. And now what's your answer? You're going to look. What to another one? It's up to five. Can you believe that? I'm the label of all. So the people in Palm Beach who are saying that the ballot was really going to be the reducing franchise that made the wrong vote. We can't even fight a judge who will hear their complaint. None of the judges in Palm Beach have any cohoanos. Unbelievable. Oh, I'm getting this from you. I appreciate all of them in your sales staff. You're right. They do suck. I've been trying for three weeks now to get somebody to come over and talk to me about advertising with you. Right. And they haven't even returned to call. Well, hang on tight. I've already got a lot of thanks. Bye bye. Yeah, I share the promise. You know, I don't complain of them because they took a DSL on our cigars. Doing a lot of hanky. Thank you. So how do you like this? We got five judges. You know, every single time it is done, yes, then done. But, gentlemen, very mad. Yes, sir. That procedure makes sense. It's fine. You only get the political problem. I may have is having a hearing. By fellow folks in Bay, Charlie and two of our candidates. I might have the correct problem that we're having. So far, Mr. Borges has heard. There are more than small. Literally all of the state. We've only got that. I have a lot of lawyers who have sufficient knowledge of the issues. The same issues are being considered by court. So those days. So we don't have a lot of lawyers who can't. And essentially these two are up to me. And we've got a panel in the program on CNN. And this is a good university. But what are you hearing? Got a one. No. The media will take that. We should only take that. That is 20 minutes. Part of Mr. Richard, my suggestion is that if you have to do that. And I think it's safe to assume that that would be a very close deadline to hit here locally. But that you do not get off of this line. You leave a secretary or a federal legal or an associate or a janitor. I don't somebody on this line. The janitor. And then the janitor on the line janitor's got to talk to the judge. And about a half hours in a second. I judge your voice on the different than the day I happened all before. So I don't want to judge you as much. I'll be running out of there any second now. Oh, what a joke. The Neil Rogers show. Sports radio. 5. 6. A. And up a dick in the White House. And up a dick in the White House. And up a dick in the White House. And up a dick in the White House. And up a dick in the White House. And up a dick in the White House. And up a dick in the White House. And up a dick in the White House. And up a dick in the White House. And up a dick in the White House. And up a dick in the White House. And up a dick in the White House. And up a dick in the White House. And up a dick in the White House. And up a dick in the White House. And up a dick in the White House. And up a who can't stand it. And up a w bag in the White House. And up a person snub with a g kul shelter. I'm not a man! I'm not a man! I'm not a man! I'm not a man! I'm not a man! I'm not a man! I'm not a man! I'm not a man! I'm not a man! I'm not a man! I'm not a man! I'm not a man! I'm not a man! I'm not a man! I'm not a man! I'm not a man! I'm not a man! I'm ok with my I want me. I want a mosque! I want peace and I want peace instead. The church is made up of all the miracles acquired over 200,000 people. The church is made up of all theстрice. I'm dying all the way up. Yeah. 134 or 5. 6. You can say that it's up to the whole process. Yeah. Very well said. I mean, it's short and sweet. And that's got it's somewhat on the heart of the matter. 5.60, 5.60, 5.60, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Why does the word impeachment keep going through my- I keep picturing that idiot jab bush and his kid jabber, you know. Gibby the one who was out there banging that chicken to car. And that word impeachment keeps coming through my- keep picturing all those citrus trees getting chopped down and all those people have in their whites, trampled over and the lot angrier all those charges out there that are real upset about all of the filament of action crap. A lot of angrier people are up too happy with the bush mice during this day. And the word impeachment keeps coming through my mind over and over again. Here's time for a pint, hello. Yes sir. Yes sir. Okay great. That worked really good, didn't it? Yeah. Whatever that was. 5.60, 5.60, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. A lot of creepy people losing the disarray. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hello. Yes sir. I know that's true. A lot of trouble with those people. Uh-huh. Yeah, I did talk to the ladies and I just grew from one at the till. Okay, well thanks for the board. No I guess- I guess that's it. I guess this thing was too overwhelming and too confusing for those people in this audience. They have nothing to say about it. First we started off this half-hour with that lunatic that old man and Tom Beach talking about the, we're burners sure water or something like that. What's that was he talking about? And that, I've done show I drank God for a hand me shirt and totally old cockers. He's calling people old cockers. Sir, you know, I can't play that game, okay? Is the matter of fact- You're gay. Yeah. Here's Hollywood, hello. How you doing, okay? Listen, from what I'm getting out of this decision, it doesn't seem like that big of a, that bad of a terrible thing here. That bad of a terrible thing. Yeah, that's okay. Okay. Now, what I'm saying here is from what I've heard the lawyers saying that the fact that they can keep recounting the votes and they given the judges basically given Kathleen Harris more discretion than she said she initially had. She originally said that she only had the discretion and some sort of natural disaster to hold up the five of a carcass. Yeah. Yeah. The judge said that they're working their plan. Right. The judge basically said, that's not the case. If there's a reason to count those votes later, then you can count them. Which leaves the poor people in a good place if she decides to be arbitrary and cut counties out, say there's a change in, and- Yeah. There are big change in like maybe 3,000 votes or something like that. So maybe substantial ever turn the thing around. How could you possibly say, no, well, I'm not going to consider that. Exactly. Which allows them to take you back into court. I think what the judge is doing here is saying it's too early to put an injunction down. And he's leaving the framework there to say, well, you got the 19,000 things and Palm Beach ballots and Palm Beach County. Yeah. And you got the different counties still to be counted and if something changes dramatically, then if she decides to play partisan politics, they can take her back into court. And over turn it, if it doesn't change, then nothing's lost, you know, if the Palm Beach. Yeah, I think we know almost right before though. What this judge has done is not like it's one step above what those five Palm Beach County judges have done on the other case. And he really passed a buck because he knows it's going to be a field of Supreme Court. And he, yeah, he really gave a very big and ambiguous, she can do this, but you can't do that. And he's not going to make the final ruin. Right. Well, I, but I still raise the framework for it in case something changes. And I think with the Palm Beach situation, they need to take that case out of Palm Beach because those judges are going to keep, well, they have 11 judges in Palm Beach and they gone through five of them. And so far, they can't find one to stick. Yeah, well, you know, I just wanted to say, leave you with this. I think Paul Bucala yesterday, I heard him, he cracked me up. He coined the phrase for this century for the Republican Party. They're banana Republicans. Oh, yeah. Excellent. Nice going Paul. Paul Bucala. And on the edge, he is our children learning or what? Okay, that's good to know. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the 1810, Verizon Wireless Line. Will you put back him? And now, the, do we need a left-git party, left-git super-viver? So now, thank you. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. I'm the call. It's I don't know, so shall. So, it's a little bit different. But they're not interested. No, they're the election process. Why? It's the guy. So I just want to read. That's our love and see. And you're 1810, and me. And I think that it's a big party. 1810, I think that it's a big party. I love that. I'm okay. First you come, the whole set of world fun. Another fun, second, run outside. I think the finger that you're having and have them. Just my pinky touch, three, four, five, four. I only have one. Two, five, five. Yeah, my first. Two, three, four. Yeah, my first. Two and away six of the seven Florida Supreme Justice is a more pointed by Democrats. I guess, make sure that's in passing. Not because this is getting political, you understand? I just mentioned that. And passing. Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. And I just want to ask you one question. This is some of these judges and Palm Beach County taking oaths when they came into office to uphold the law. You also have cowardice. You know, we have a think of a judicial nominating committee that's, I'm not sure if it's a state or every county. I think every county has it. I don't live in Palm Beach County, but if I lived in Palm Beach County, that's certainly be complaining to the Palm Beach County judicial nominating committee about the judges that are sitting on the fence in Palm Beach County. I mean, if they're not going to do their job, why would they have a lot of money? But you've got to understand that we don't know all the details because, for example, the first one, there's Stephen, what those names, rap, the rap and judge. He had to recuse himself because if these judges have been making comments like the other judges or attorneys during the ongoing the selection thing, then somebody can come along and demand that they recuse himself. So that probably is what is happening here. Yeah, but it makes it really easy to get out of it if all that to do is make some statement that's going to make it look like a lot of time. I think that I hear a lot of, no, I'm a Kenco you before and you're talking about Todd Miller. Right. I know John Miller, I think he has been front of me before. But I have a job with a big bare belly unit that's read to the spenders that's up there on a fence with a seat on the desk. That's that we is not a goofing. That's a very county, right? Yeah, he's a bow. So if it goes before a military, sure that that boat from Miller is going to go towards Bush now for door. Okay, I'm glad in my passport as soon as I get home. Thank you for the pay. That's the situation in Broward and I'm like everybody else is calling out to you on the security Okay, good luck to us because we're done. We're finished. What's your think we're finished? Huh? I think we'll pretty much finish. Okay, let's wrap it up. No, you can't do that. We're going to run those green cars and we're going to go to the head. Everyone going to go to the head and then we got the other boats from his real coming in. And then Julie and Renz got a gun, I was rather than a devote. Yeah, two can play this game. Okay, Jeff said you would always go in, baby. We got lots of Jews. We got Jews. We got Jews that haven't been born yet. We got Jewish embryos that were bringing out of the freezer this weekend. And they're all going to be boat near. We're lining them up to vote. We got you to walk up the ass man. And they're all coming out to vote. And really, you can't, you can you just even imagine the scene that's going on with pop abortion. And James Baker on the phone. It's that was that. And Jews again, we stuck in the net, baby. Yeah. Here's a lady in Bokie, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. I'm thinking of pop abortion. I would really like to know how he'd let fast forward to inauguration day. And not for big. He's put an office side, technicality. And he's standing up there, taking it out, looking at his family and swearing to God, to uphold the office of the president knowing that he did not fairly get there. And here he is talking about character talking about being racist and being the right thing. I don't get it. How honestly, how can he stand up there? If he is, I keep thinking that he's going to be there. I don't want to think that way. But if he does get there, I can simply, how he can honestly end his heart. Well, my dad's taking it. He's a paid acquired at truly believed piece of data. I don't care about him. He's hard to recognize. All they care about is his governor is brothers the governor and the fix was in and they got it. And they, you know, they sort of fear and square it. I think it's sick. It is sick. It's pathetic. And in that way, sick, but it's transparent and obvious and did be pressing. You know what? I have one question. Maybe you can educate me on that. Okay. I've got something I'm seeing on the other day about the electors. The people that are actually going to be putting the vote saying. And I'm thinking, I don't know, it's maybe I missed something. But the person that called before that was talking about going to the judges. Yeah. And complaining to the judges. Right. Why don't the people afford to find out who these electors are? They have the right to cap to vote the way that they want to. Mm-hmm. And if they truly believe that Florida was for Gore, then can't we start, you know, playing for them to vote on our behalf? Not going to do any good. The electors, like I said before, are partisan there. The most partisan political animals. That's why they're selected. They are pledge sworn in a board of oaths. Like a board of oaths. Make sure you have that secret, the handshake. That's what goes down. But it's not going to last for a while. I'm not there. I wanted to see an ambulance. I think so. Miami. I think she was Hispanic. And she said that she even though she was a Republican, she wasn't sure how she was going about an estimated since then. I'm sorry. Believe me, they'll make her an offer. She can't refuse. All right. Well, thanks very much. Okay. Good luck to us. Okay. Yeah. I mean, you know, people are some lot of people out there trying to keep hope against hope for whatever the old cliche goes. But it's said the end game is just about here. Just about over, baby. Get ready for four years of bush. Yeah. Four years of drunken. Yeah. You thought the candidates were doing it, man. You ain't seen nothing yet. And you got Jeff, Debbie, Junior and George P. West. Maybe we can get Debbie, Junior and George P. Like have an orgy in a White House. Like still air, open the Saturdays. Yeah. What a lot. Yeah. Man, it says he's right in the county, British name. He's a looking for a week count. He's right in the county. Anybody from Michigan is right in the end. This, this was my first, this, my first and last in many years. I will never, ever. Not that I won't be here anywhere next election. I'll be long gone. I'll be overseas. I'll be far away from this banana republic. I will be long gone. But never again. It's 149 at five, 60 W 2 8. The erotic show. Sports radio. Five, 60. A. 20 of mad. It says a Viva Robo, except for who says something like that. It's a 1 52 or 5 50 W 2 MAD of a be along it too for a hangover. We got the Lamar Thomas with the man, managed it five. Look, shall we get to educate them with the original news? Yeah, so 100 in Pablo Palota has still got the ball. How about the Sto Joe Castellos 10? Just pretty pissed off. Far enough, it's going to go give them more force. Going to kick his ass all the way back to you with that banana board. Pablo Palota, bring back to your Castellos 10. You might have a call. It's a really nice time. How much? 900. So we got, oh, well, we might do it. We need five more people down there. That's pretty good. We got up to 900. Well, it takes people time to get there to that traffic. And what a loser can vote. Yeah, my new day is to vote again. Only if you're for Gore. You can vote again. If you're Jewish and you're for Gore, just continue Jewish. Bring a bagel with you. Is that how works if you bring a bagel to give you a ballot? Ballets for bagels. So anyway, there are 107 people in the Camel Drive by the town. And country mall in the rear of the show station. Then we got like seven or eight minutes to go. Don't stick around a couple of minutes. So we get a little bit of a line. Another hundred bucks. We can get to a thousand of it. So the deal is, I mean, deaf and the managed. We just didn't hear enough. Is what what did they just decide? I mean, how does it really work? And I said, yeah. Yeah. I mean, that was the most vague, the most ambiguous, the most cowardly ruling. And then the bottom line, like the guy said before, there are any of these judges that have the Kohons. I said, they all wanted to go to the state to pin court. Let them decide. Check out a seven, that's a correct. I just mentioned that in passing because let's face it. You got the governor. You got the agriculture commission. You got the secretary of state. All on that one side. Let's have a little bit of a fix in on the other side. If we're going to do this thing right in crooked. Here's a mobile important water deal. Hello. A thousand. No. Yes sir. There's the day goes by. It looks like a Kathleen with the big bush here. This is going to get her wish. Yeah. At that point, what we're left with is the overseas ballots. And the one thing that we're not hearing is foul is we know the military ballots are supposedly coming very quickly. They do. I read in the sun sent me over there was 7,000 registered quarter of voters in Israel, 4,000 and requested ballots. Are we getting in 30,000 a day, 3,000 a day? Oh, and if you're coming here. If you're coming here. This is another part of the mystery. They don't tell us that. We have no idea how many of us coming here is a number. Huh? What do we left here with us? There's a number. Pick a number. Go to the supermarket and pick a number. I have no idea they don't know. You think it's CNN was being attention to you. No, no, no. It's not quite similar to CNN's paying attention with the fact is that they don't know. Nobody knows that they make it up as they go along. So we don't know how many for example came into the state of 40 yesterday. I have no idea. Because the way that they described it is that even, you know, many of them came in before election days. Not like they all wait until the day before and they mail them a couple days before. So many of them are already in and they just for whatever they either refuse or they don't know or they don't separate in that way. But nobody knows they are probably seeing nobody has any idea. But we're not saying historically we've got 95% of us in now. For a hundred of us are not seeing that. They've said they've been trickling in every day and they're probably overall count that we've got now. It's sort of in so on. Which I don't understand how that can be because they're trickling in every day. And the vote share that the difference in the vote is the only changing based on the recounts, the hand counts and the states have been going on. And the count is there to go on. How can they be trickled? So evidently they're not being counted yet. They won't get counted till when they're not Friday, which are Saturday. Yeah, I have a trickle of 30 is one thing a trickle of three. I'll call it from there. Of course I'll leave. Thanks. Here's the lady in Miami, hello. Yeah, yeah. I'm so really depressed and I think these judges are totally fine. I hope the citizens of West Palm Beach are taking names of these judges. So next time they come up, I mean, they're kick out of office. I still have a hope that the Supreme Court will win the rule without flavor. I think that's a lot of hope that that goes and that's it. Yeah, you're about that. That's it in the F&T ballots. They have the dead ones been nice Friday. And then they do the final certification on Saturday to pinning out how those abs and T ballots kind of. Yeah, no. And you know, the only other thing that we have to do is if you have to get that japo shot in here, please don't leave Miami until we do that. Okay. Okay. I'd like to ask. Now let's hope little bit got a lot of relatives. I'm hoping. Lots of relatives. That's what we're counting on now. Here's a lady, no one for a mile. Hello. Hi. How you doing now? I'm doing okay. We'll survive. You know, I wanted to make a couple of comments. The first is that I think it's a terrible that, you know, who can't find a judge that will roll on this. The only people they're not allowing to be heard are the American public. I, you know, see their votes. And I think it's absolutely disgusting. You know, the only thing I wanted to say is that I was looking for the radio and portmars this morning. And some retired guys from the military called in and said that when the solder was in the ninth grade, and they were living in government housing, she came home of the time for Clinton and Gore and put it in the end.