46. W-Q-A-N, Docots account<|yi|> granted the P-TA, mechanical cover decks and non-S-10, 88, utilized for 1800. 87,-70, 85, PLSD, receive, experience spread of the watches objects contactile networks at 92, 80, biggest Israel stirred delivery hardware with Christ over half. Possibly the people are right. Maybe I should call George W. Bush the governor Texas and power out with him about how we can get around this whole mess. There's no reason to be unfilial. I just talked to him, man, the man. I believe we can have a meeting of the minds. Good morning President Bush's office now, how do you? I'm sorry, I must have missed out. I was looking for a governor Bush. This is President Bush's office. Right, but this is the father's office? Please hold. Hello. Where are you holding for? I was holding for Governor George W. Bush. This is President Bush's office. I'm not saying this dial. I'm sorry for the ring. Let me try Dick Cheney. He's more of a communicator. Obviously there's some sort of foam screw up. Vice President Cheney's office may help you. See now, I'm twisted. I was looking for Dick Cheney. This is Vice President Cheney's office may help you. Yeah, but see, I'm the Vice President. Excuse me, sir, but you don't sound like Vice President Cheney. May I help you? Well, Dick Cheney is not the Vice President. The election is not over. You know what? Never mind. I'm going to try George W. Bush's wife, Laura. She's obviously the communicator in that family. Good morning, First Lady Laura Bush's office may help you. Hello? Good morning, the First Lady's office may help you. All right, so when you select First Lady, you're referring to Laura Bush. It's being the first lady of the state of Texas, right? No, sir. She is the President's wife, so she would be the First Lady of the United States of America. But he's not the President. Yes, he is, sir. May I ask who this is? This is the... Domino. Oh, I'm sorry, Domino. But we didn't order any pizza, but thank you very much for calling. I know. What the devil is going on here? These people are acting like they want like some sort of a election was held. There's more counting to do. There's more chats and dimples, lawsuits and hearings. No. It's at 10, or 35, 60 W to QA. You know, something if he would have been half his warm during the campaign as he was last night, and would have had the good makeup there. You know, does he look like a cigarster, Indian? He didn't have 40 layers of pancake makeup on. He looked okay. And of course, they were, oh, it was a great issue. It was so wonderful. And then, W to came on here and he didn't look like they're in the headlights. He looked a little better than usual. And there was much to do with about nothing. What you saw was two mediocre guys. Just like what we had before November the 7th. Didn't I come on here? I don't remember the 8th of the day after the election said, we were going to have a bloodless coup. Didn't I say that? The last time I checked. Yeah. Didn't I also say, they else people are like, so I don't want to get started on the air with that, because the audience doesn't care about that all the way to do. But it goes back to what I've been telling you for the last hundred years about why I absolutely refused to go to those Christmas parties. Now, of course, you would like to free food, which I understand. You're making like two bucks an hour. And I understand that. Plus you're a lot more sociable and a lot easier to push over than I am. Plus you're not a position to tell it quite as many people to F. Office. Oh, no. You can avoid people. But the group. See, it's one thing when you work in a place where you're like 50 or 100 people. And if you're just invariably, you're going to wind up in a situation where you've got to be a couple of people that you don't want to be. But this place is extraordinary. I have never been in a business six hundred years. I've never been in a place like this one. Because this is a place not just where I find a whole bunch of people who are detestable and incompetent at best. But people that I avoid like to play, people I would not only won't speak to, but I won't even look at because I find them so unacceptable. But you know, when you've been around for 800 years, like I said, you're in a position where you can just say, you don't go to the Christmas parties and suck around with people who are insincere, there's nothing worse to me than a backstabber. People who gled hand you, it's fine. I hate it. Furnies. Furnies. And of course you're easily influenced by those people, but that's okay. At least the part of you is because you figure at least it's worth a free meal. I don't need the free meal. It just gives me odds with the anyway. There are people here that I like. There are people here I like. So I'm a timeout within this morning. I like Tommy. In fact, let's make the short list. It's a short list, but we find a little table. We like Adam down in sales. We've passed a lot of condolences. Adam's dad just passed away on Monday and he's a good guy. And we just, you know, what can I say? He's a good guy. We like John Pina. So he used to work here. In fact, most of the people in sales that we like they're gone. Because they were smart enough to get that line. He got swirts. I liked him. He's long gone. But we have some people in here who just number one. They don't listen. Number two, they're absolutely in F. And number three, they're back stabbvers. I don't feel it back stabbvers. I don't have the time for it. And additionally, we're going to ask you who are you working for today. Are you working for Peter Leonard or Maddie Bloney? Let me check the list. Yeah, check the list and see how many of these assholes in this place Are your bosses today? I'm checking it twice. Okay. And then when you go to the next Christmas party, be sure in the glam and hand them, etc. Oh, man. All I want to say one more time. Sales people are our isolals. Okay. I just mentioned that in passing. 949 votes on yesterday's poll. Who's most to blame for valgore losing this election? Al Gore himself 42.8% 477 votes. And I concur wholeheartedly. Dumb voters, 171. Rough, later, 127. State of Florida, 83, New West Supreme Court 61. Teresa, up 442. Julie, Roman 39, afloat as a Supreme Court 19. Al Gore himself. The election was there for him to have. And these people I want to carry on and continue Moaning and growing and jean, the Jesse Jackson's of the world. You know who else they had on Al Schott in the last night? There is one of the most despicable. There's another one on my long list. See, I have a short list of the people I really like. And along list of people who I find despicable. And Al Schott in his one of them. And I just, you know, I just see this as bad as it is that the Republicans have to be in bed with Jerry Falwell and Tom Delay and that club. We've got Jesse Jackson and we've got Al Schott and that we have to deal with. Everybody's got their baggage, which is why I still say this country desperately, I do need desperately need a third party, a centrist party, socially liberal economically conservative. That's what we need, just like Jesse Ventura says. That's what, and all the markets want first. I'm looking at everything is in the down, the arrows are all pointing down again. We have another real bad day on the market yesterday to keep getting these bad earnings reports in. Borsches in there. It's about as official as it's going to get to Lee Borsen's hand up in here and lies or whatever he's going to do. And so are the crapper. Where's all this euphoria? At least for many economics stand. He has even gotten in there yet and he's already off to a bad start. Because this was supposed to be the thing to pass by some of us, you know, bring out the green factor. If you can't get your man in, at least he had to because maybe your beaten down stocks are going to come back up. Are they coming back up? No. But you've got to get over it eventually. Life has got to move on. And there's some people out there who just don't want it to move on. Dan Rabbit is a good little editorial last night. We found something I've ever seen before. Two minutes at the end of the CBS TV series. About this is no way to hold an election. And about these vandalmatic machines and all the other grow test outdated, the need of all the way that we vote. He said this can never happen again. And they're saying, oh, but you know, I might cost two point three billion dollars to make sure the state. Yeah, so what's two point three billion? They can fart that out in about a half a second for whatever it hell they want. Oh, but that's across the B1 bomber. Yeah. And what's the point about that? What's the point of having elections if you're not going to do it right? And then I see the hero is going to be recounting or at least they've gone to court to get the date balance. They're only getting the date balance. You do realize that. And now we have the AP may or may not do something they haven't done it. And all these other news organizations. So what you're going to have is all this convoluted somebody's counten date. Somebody may be his counten Broward. And nobody's ever going to know. I don't care how many times they count the goddamn votes. I don't care how many dimpled and pimpled chads that they stick up their spectrum. They're never going to know who won. We're never going to have an accurate count. The point is if you have a good candidate. If you have somebody with some charisma, somebody with some credibility. Somebody with some warmth. He showed more warmth in five or six minutes last night. They didn't last five or six months. Don't you think he was like, oh my, I'm underlined me almost. Almost human. He had been tenderized. Really? I wonder who was eight offs? Ten past ten at five, 60 WQA in. And look how quiet that phone is this morning boys and girls. There's nearly a call on the board. You want to know why? Because now it's like, what do we do now? No, what do we do now? Punt. No question of the phone. Maybe we could get to that big press written notion of the two on BC Black. No. We can cooperate. Sales, people are ISO. It records doors now. It's the most repulsive press that's now, but you'll ever hear. Ali McVeele, purchase all the Christmas favorites. Who's this? Who's this? Who's this? Who's this? Who's this? Who's this? Who's this? Ali McVeele, purchase all the Christmas favorites. Listen to it while eating fruit cake. Who's this? I think we'll see the five, 60 WQA. We'll get the pizza loss appearance Tuesday. The one and only of this year. What are we going to raise about? The only one. 60 bucks. They're Tuesday. That's okay. 69 PM at the World Famous Pizza law. We'll have all the best in the LCDs and cassettes and the t-shirts and those free buttons and those dumb picture cards. It's your last chance to get one. Not the noise making buttons. We want to be money. Those aren't buttons. Those are cool. Heeching. Well, people hear buttons. Those are called key chains. Button button. Who's got the button? You ain't getting one. We have those really nifty. What do we call those? Best in the old buttons with a picture of you all. I mean, with my, yeah, with my, did you up in the ear and my finger too? That's their cute. And they're free. And the picture cards. And that's it. And I don't want any of those pony sales holes showing up. They're sucking around either on Tuesday night. Just mentioned that ahead of time. Like the last time. Your judge was commenting before the power 96 people. Keep coming in here the sales people. We don't have anything to do with them. Other than the fact we work at the same building. They happen to be mostly nice guys. And we're going to check for plan parenthood. Did the line format to do or did I miss it? Did you see any text so far from the FQAM sales department for plan parenthood? Since I went through that tie right there today. Did you see anything in it? No. No. I'm sure they're waiting for payday. Oh, and let's be it. Okay. Here's our last poll about this presidential stuff. Maybe. No. Shouldn't this be the last one? And then tomorrow will move on to other stuff. We can find the other stuff. Oh, Mike Mayo actually wrote a pretty good column today. It's about time I'd say, I'd say this is a double today. Last one of the panthers stuff that was like maybe an infield single. A scratch hit. But a double today. A rod wheels in the door fans are on the hook. I might even read that later because it looks like I probably need to kill some time. Here's our poll today on theorages.com. Should our group be democratic candidate for president in 2004? Yes? No. Why don't care? That's our poll today on theorages.com. And what do you think? What do you think? For example, when I talk about people who refuse to let this go. And when I say let this go, that doesn't mean that payback won't be a bitch, especially for Jeff Bush in 2002. And there's a big article in the paper about that which I'll get to. But I'm talking about in terms of your life. You can't just continue. Oh, gee. There's a print court letter stone. And they blah, yeah. It's a bloodless coup. They took it over. They stole it fair and square. All our relatives had their finger red. The secretary of Bush, she had her finger in her eye-lives. Isn't it? And that's it. There you go. You may not like it, but that's it. And tell Jeff, you need to get that out of the streets with all those forces. And why is that it? You could do a lot more constructive and teach him out of vote right. He just, him and Al Schocht in. That's a match made in purgatory. We should, we should buy him a trip to Siberia. One way ticket. But here's an example. What I'm talking about. Here's Ruth. I'm sure her intentions are good. She factors me this bushwack and it's got to copy the butterfly baller from Palm Beach. And let's in 2000. Neo, would you like one of these t-shirts? Colors, Rep. My official gift to you, Ruth. No. And then she's got a number in phone and then all the colors they're available. And the answer is, no, Ruth. Sorry. I appreciate the offer, but the answer is still no. No. No. Because I'm not going to dwell on it. It's over. And life will go on. I mean, that's a question of which didn't we want it in there. Which one was the most dangerous in there? We'll see. We'll give them two or three days and see how he does. Right? Maybe you like to return out to be okay. No. What do you think? I'm sorry. I kept it as long as I'm trying to be, you know, keep a good sense of humor about it. Maybe you'll turn out to be not so bad. No. What do you think? Maybe you'll turn out to be smart. What is it? No. Smarter than we thought? No. Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello. How's it going? Okay. Just want to say something then get us on off my chest. First of all, the salespeople at 5.60 stock. Yeah. I call them about three weeks ago asking for something from a child's sponsor. And I haven't heard from them since. And you won't. Most likely. Listen, have you heard about the homestead airport to try and build? Yeah. You know, I think that really sucks. I heard some Texas rich company guy. I want to come down here and put it in and mess up the environment. What? And I just want to let you know, I'm going to fight that to the day I die. Good. And I want to take them out. Just even sort of 2004. All right. Yeah, our sales department blows. Even a listeners know that. Just you can walk into a elementary school as the kid. Tell you guys know anything about the QM sales department. All the kids would turn around. Oh, they suck. And you, Nason, they would give it a shout. I mean, I hate to lump them all together because I guess we got, you know, one or two people down there who are like trying to Best fuck I said, Adam and the Brian tries his best to his own bizarre peculiar exploitive way. Am I leaving anybody out? Oh, yeah, I left fat boy out. And Tom, direct. And your best close personal friend, you're new employer, Peter letters. Yeah. Give it a take. Give it a take. Now, I wish. I mean, I had to take the gigantic dump. I don't want to go to great detail. It was very, very rewarding. But I'm sitting in there and I come back in here and come to find out that you're getting orders from Peter Leonard. I mean, he's an asshole. Who'd have to say, do we work for him? Not last time I checked. All right. I don't know. I mean, ladies, Maddie Bells got some kind of a title. Ascle and chief for something like that. But these flunky sales people. Anyway, I don't want to get to see distract. No, seriously, he distracted us from our, we're coming here to do a radio show. The audience doesn't want to hear about this stuff. Do we? Yeah. Oh, sure. Well, I mean, you know, that I want to hear about all this back fighting and all these assholes we have run around this place on the loose. People who just don't get the message. People who can't listen, who can't communicate. Election fallout, hover's over. Jeb says the Harold. And they're right. Well, I mean, it's kind of a wishy, while she article by Mark Silva, whoever he is. But there is an interesting thing in here. It says, Jeb Bush will go through an intense period of bitter acrimony where Democrats are concerned. Pulse or Rob Schroffs said, whether there's enough time to heal these deep-gaping wounds remains to be seen. But other political observers say two years has been in turn to the modern politics. Most Americans got over impeachment that Susan McMainus, a man as anus, Professor of Political Science at the University of South Florida. Most Americans got over OJ. Most Americans will get over this election. See, what you have not understand. They got over OJ from the standpoint of because it was not TV every day. Like the ongoing soap opera that they weren't obsessed with it. Like we were for months and months and months. But in terms of their hatred for him, they're at their absolute contempt for him, which is shown in the fact that everywhere he tried to move until he moved on to the candle, the everybody said, no. They still hate him like poison. Oh, man. Just to mention of his name makes the hair stand up on many people's next including yours truly. Good old OJ. Oh, man. So as far as getting over the election, yeah, of course we have to do that. But in terms of, we'll be able to any less furious with Jeff Boyce. I don't think so. In fact, there are a lot of people right now as of this moment already making that their number one priority to make sure that we get his ass out in 2002. Let's say bye-bye by the Jim. Here's a mobile and store, hello. Yeah, I'm Lulele. Yes, sir. Hi, though, today. Okay. Listen, though, about the pre-short of church. What's that glorified by calling them say, extra old that kind of fire? Yeah. You know, effects are human beings. Yeah. They don't have to. So if you're a little bit of a thing, I don't know if there's any church. Yeah. A lot of fire. There's no fact in the church. Yeah. And as far as the election thing goes, hey, what could you say? You know, that the winner lost the no lose of one. And better luck to us next time with O'an, O'Bla D'Ao Bladdi. O'Bla D'Ao Bladdi, O'Bla D'Ao Bladdi, O'Bla D'Ao Bladdi, O'Bla D'Ao Bladdi. And now we'll second that emotion. Translate in English, that means five, six, seven, old five, sixty. And I pretty good game by the panthers last night. Good effort. Got to call her an overtime by Terry Marie. Even I'll give him credit for that. Try to measure it again. And the stick didn't work out. Thanks to Trevor Kid. They didn't want to lose it overtime again. But they had nothing to lose. Got the plot against the very weak erratic Detroit team. It's playing crappy at home. But nonetheless, they played the pre-dangering. Well, I was not the panthers, but it's still another tie. They still can't win any games. And we now be article in the Heraldis morning says, Too Prospective Owners. So we have to sit back and wait for somebody to come in and buy it before the N-N-E-She was going to drop. Before anything is really done. And like Mike Meo says, the time has come for the fans. And then they've already done it on their own. And anybody that's got to dish, that's got a small dish that has the package for the N-B-A or the NHL or the NHL or the NHL or the NHL or the NHL or the NHL or whatever. You can channel surfing, go from one game to another, and see those enormous chunks of empty seats. Everywhere. gigantic chunks. Sweet Center. Thousands and thousands of people disguise the empty yellow seats for every home game. And that's one of the original 16s. That's supposed to be a real sports sound. You know, it's like if you go to a restaurant where the food used to be great. And the service was great. You really enjoyed it there. And the quality of the food starts deteriorating. But the prices keep going up. And the service is kind of like, ah, you know, we don't care. Like they just expect your business. And as time goes on, the food keeps getting worse and worse. And the prices keep going up. And the service is in different advice. Is there anybody with a brain that's going to go back? No. That's not. Of course not. Give me a good product. And if it's a great product, maybe you can justify raising the prices. But at least give me a good product. Don't just kind of expect it just because it's there. I'm going to come and subsidize your business. And build you a restaurant or an arena or a stadium or whatever it had you want. It's gets madness. It's craziness. Oh, we're going to find the money to have like an election. The other way to have always computerized machines. And like I said yesterday, we sure find all kinds of creative ways to build stadiums and aren't just for billionaires for these poor guys. And then of course, one thing is they'll quite go just the way they want. Like in Wayne's case, I'll screw you guys. I'll trash the team and you guys whatever you have left. And I know last night before the telecast. Here's BM on there. Oh, yeah, we got the 2003 All Star game. What another convenient cloud more office. Guys, guys, they're lucky. I've never seen two guys like them who just constantly, every 10 they will out of bed. They fall into a bucket of shmits every time. No matter how inept they are, no matter how many mistakes they make, they just did they can do no wrong. And now they got the great luxury of being. They've got this this time gap. Somebody is saving their job because now we have to wait for somebody to come along and buy the team. But you keep buying those tickets now. Come on. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Yeah, you are the last one to get rid of Aile and now you got George W. Good trade. You rocket scientist. Here's a mobile alone. What the heck is that? Come on. Exactly. Hey, George Bush, junior the little. Jebby here, a little Mr. Porter retard. He's gone in two years, man. There's no doubt. Well, I hope so. But the question is who is the telecast going to put up against them? Are we going to come up with another retard? What's the matter? Nothing. Another dead man like Bloody McCay. Yeah. Also, what's the deal with these talking heads on MSNBC? They're saying Bush may try to find a democratic senator in a state with a Republican governor. Sure. I know. If you look, you can't go all the senate again. Right. They're talking about John Bro from Louisiana. And then they got a Republican governor. He can applaud Republican the senate. But they're Democrats. I don't think even the Democrats are that stupid. They're going to get sucked into that. Would they, though, you know, with whoever he goes for the senator has, you know, enough control over his ego to pass up a presidential appointment? Well, I think the Democrats need to make whoever might be enough for they can't refuse. Exactly. Which maybe Donna Coyone can go check. Did you hear about Italy? They arrested 12 women in the mob? Yeah. Now it's Donna Coyone. Well, why not? Should they be left now? Well, they signed off the terror women in the mob because every 28 days there was a raft of shootings. Well, now they were fear you. Okay, I've agreed to that. That's what Connie said. Now they will fear you. I think we ought to fear you. So, ever, given order like that again, isn't that what the guys from, from Atlantic City, subs told J.P. that time? 207. Okay. Now we're going to get in trouble with them. I shouldn't have said that. All right. Shut up. This is 560. You, yeah. They'll people are ISO. They've been here in the making now now. There they're. They're actually not their world to her. With their latest CDs off that state boys. That's the boys. They're doing it single. Are we there yet? That. Are we there yet? That's a pattern song. Oh, can we pull over? I gotta go through the bathroom. Are we kidding me? Ah, buddy, what's up, kitty? Me? No, it's too. It's up to me. Also featuring terror. No, stop it. I'm telling you kids right now if you don't stop. I'm going to turn this door down and we're going back home. No. And see me. See me. I think I'm gonna. Yeah. The. Back. Boy. I'm going to look over here. Pull over here. I got to take a leak. How come all these godfather lines are popping in my head today? Where were we? That's all about. Huh? Time 670560. Pomp 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Some of you people I think this should be your new year's resolution. Even though it's only the 15th and 14th of December. Whatever it is. That's you're going to just let go. I know you pissed off a lot of you. Pist off fired up. Whatever it is. Be trade. All of these other wonderful things. Let it go. Don't forget to put it away in a little compartment in your mind when the time comes. But other than that, go live alive. Picking fine one and cut the crap already. All these effects machine is putting up. I'm not going to read any more articles about. I'm going to read more in motion, motion, go. You know, some of very interesting, but not anymore. Enough is enough already. They stole it, parents square. And it's your cream quarter just like everybody else. They're partisan. The appointments are political. It's there bunch of hacks. And that's it. And all this idea is that I've been telling you this for so long. All though you're wrong, the alarm system is the best in the world. How long have I been telling you that's a polyclam. We got the haves and the havnot. That's still what America's all about. And the little people are really things they got something to say about it. You're dreaming. You can be pissed off about that. But you're trick and dreaming. Like these people really give a crap about what you and I think they couldn't give a crap less. All those people that are right now to big checks. All that those hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars of campaign money. Those are the people that they care about. And they're going to make sure they take care of. Here's a mobile in the Grove. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah. The elections over with. Right. Right. Right. I got another issue I like to bring up. Yes sir. Two years ago a kid got electrocuted out of bus bench. Uh-huh. Now we got two more. We got two more. Uh-huh. Before that is in another people killed. Right. There was legislation in in tele-hassy. In our local politicians don't believe this. There are electricians to be licensed. Tested in licensed before uh, throughout your work in under own work public safety is a trust. And it's a shame that you look at a light poll you're walking in the puddle. Your wonder nowadays if you can get fried. Right. Exactly. You know. And uh- And I hate to break the news to the audience but the president has nothing to do with that. That has to do with the people right here where you live. Right. I understand it. I was called a lacasa bill that that pushed us through the Senate a couple years ago. Where they said we have to have a license journeyman to do electrical work under so many helpers. Well, they did away with that. And everybody takes electricity for granted that owe the switch to plunk it worse. But once somebody gets sure the lawyers crawl out from underneath the rocks and they're ready to sue. Yeah. You know. And I just believe that this is a public safety issue should be addressed. And that's all I get to say man. You have a good show. Okay. Thanks. Two soulmates were born three days apart at top of my me hospital didn't meet until they both moved in the Nicaragua and died side by side on the street in sweet water. Electrocution victims Edgar in CRT and Miguel Calajas planned to celebrate their 16th birthdays together next week. Instead two friends were remembered when they had Edgar's funeral. But he's like that. Huh? I don't like it. Yeah. We're flying over here. It's a slip-shod, shot-y, cheap contract labor. Investigators typically request that the medical examiner test metal found on electrication victims. The polarization test showed the direction of electrical current results could help homicide to take the determinant whether one of both teams touch the energized pool touch one another or just black barefoot through charged water. So you want to think about you people in day counting and I'm not blaming people who live there or have no choice. But I'm just talking about the powers that be, you can't do anything right. I've always said that and it's true. That's what we've got to tell a lot of there. Many, many years ago and I kissed the ground in Broward. I mean, we don't have problems in Broward. We have a lot of old people, a lot of tow gem. A lot of overspilling, a lot to me, but we don't have any drainage. I mean, we got our own problems. But day counting just seems to have a special grasp but not being able to do anything right. Because the politicians in day counting are either too busy trying to stay to how out of jail or hearing the fixed in at the airport and everywhere else for all their buddies or smearing them under the table. But they can't be worried about the guy named Little People. They don't give a crap about these things. And the president's not going to change that. Even all, you know, I think a lot of people are very important to put a lot of energy into it. But the president's got nothing to do with that. And so long as you keep putting the same assholes in there over and over again. And I'll say it again. You can scream about the Cubans all you want. But the majority of the Anglo-Votent, they'd count his last fortune. Wait to Mayor Pingu Piccania again, even after early on, after all the embarrassment. After that the hosts, a song that that's what Janet Reno. After all the eight trillion hangry phone calls we had on this show month after month. And they still voted to put them back in again. So as much as I hate saying it for the young team time, the people in Dave County get what they deserve. And then of course, poor kids like this are important as advice. They do have nothing to say about it. They wind up, you know, getting off into process. They get caught in the crosshairs. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Once again, you know, why is this coming to surprise to anybody? And so Florida, you know, we can screw up a wet dream. Yeah, so there are times doing anything right. But, um, I got it. I'm a, I'm a huge nearly, but I did vote for Bush. I voted with my pocketbook. I'll dirty after I did it. Well, the pocketbook and look at two good right now. I mean, where's the words that big Goosewears supposed to get on Wall Street? It's tell me about it. Forget about the next act. Um, but I felt you this much. I was, I was damn impressed with poor speech last night. Uh, if he hadn't kept his personality in a lot of boxable. Yeah. I think things might have been a lot different. That's exactly what I was thinking. What was, what was this algorithm before the election at any time? I mean, it was just like night in, in day or unbelievable. Uh, anyway, looking forward to seeing you at the beach a lot in, um, um, have a great day. Okay. And you two back to you. 560, 560, palm 560. Oh, here's more faxes about this. And about that than y'all. Oh, boy. Woo. Just give it a rest. You know, quit. You're all you environmentalist out there. We're so concerned about the environment. How many trees do we have to chop down to make the facts paper? So you can keep voicing it here with stuff that I'm not going to read on the ear. I'm not going to read to myself because as soon as I see what it's about. Yeah, I should make it. It's not going to change. You could be first to read it. You can be angry. You know what reminds me of like the spilled milk thing? I'll give you a classic example. One night, uh, this summer when I went over there and I, I guess it was doing the summer. I don't know if it was on this last trip. It doesn't. It's not important when it was. But I'm microwaving some soup in my apartment in Amsterdam. And I've got this big terrain and I take a big can of soup and I'm microwaving because it's hard to find even in the supermarket. There are much that's good to eat. So I'm making soup. How bad can soup be? And it gets done. And I take it out and I take like a spoon to see if it's hot enough. No, and so I take some of it and I put it into a bowl. And I put it back into microwave another 30 or 40 seconds. Now I take the bowl out and now it's really hot. Now I have stairs that go up to the loft. We have up above. I have steps that sit right next to the refrigerator in microwave. So I'm going to take the bowl and because it's so damn hot. Now I'm going to rest it on one of the steps till it cools off. Well, oops, I missed. You don't want to say I'm thinking of myself. Oh, don't drop this and sure enough. I dropped it. Now I could still be standing there saying, Oh, gee, what am I going to do with the crap? I didn't do that. I got out my paper towels. I got out of a couple of schmothas. I cleaned it up and life goes on. It was a mess and as it was. It was like a little meatballs and that may have like meat meatballs all over the floor and all the scrap. I cleaned it up. I did the best that I can. Pretty good if you asked me for an old adju. And that's it. See, that's one thing I learned a long time ago. If only I would have fill on a blank is not a way to live your life. There's so many people who do that. Oh, if we were to just start, you can't do it over again. You can't turn the clock back and have another shot at it. Doesn't work that way. Oh, if I just wouldn't have driven on that snowy road. Well, too late now. If I just wouldn't have taken that down account. This is 560 QAF. The Neil Roger show sports radio 560 QAF. They'll see below I told 72411 at 560 WQM. Happy holidays to you from your good close friends at WQM. And then we have several assholes here too which here they don't care enough to send a very best or worst. At any rate, our poll today is very distressing to me. Not that I want to dwell on it. See, like I said, there's a difference between dwelling on things that happen at the stress you. Or a learning from them and stirring it away the information in your memory bank and then using it at the appropriate time. I have this very, very, very disturbing feeling and a pit of my stomachs. That a lot of you haven't learned the lesson of what we just went through. Although, you know something, it would seem to be a lot of the people who say, Al Gore should be the candidate. A lot of those are probably Republicans. Oh, yeah. If I were a Republican, I'd love to see him run again. The whole question today on theoroggers.com, Should Al Gore be the Democratic candidate for president in 2004. No, 23. Yes, 17. I don't care 12. Disturbingly close, distressingly close. And I sure hope that the yes vote's aren't too many Democrats. Because if that's the best Democratic party can do, then what are you probably looking about? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. As a matter of fact, not only let's have him run again. Let's make sure the leaderman is running with him. Yes, sir. Hi. Yeah. I like you, Sean Williams. Cherry, I'm out here. I just wanted to make an observation. I think the oldest talk about pregnant, trans and hanging trans and balance is a smoke screen being so enough to pull the focus off the fact that this election was subverted on November 7th by the media, which reported for it, going for Gore. That was a deliberate act done by some people that knew the northern border was going to come in right wing and the Bushwood win, but in reporting it for Gore, they pulled all the Bushwooders off and they went home. Yeah, it was part of her conspiracy. I think with the trial animals of the building burgers this time. Could have been the builder burger sir. Okay. The building burger group is the building burger. Maybe the illuminati, I think they were not. The building burger would have wanted to go. Oh, the test by the best violation of the election thank you sir. Okay. Thank you so much. Call up Henry of the building burger. I mean, Kissinger. He was under again last night to look like about 120 years old. Who the hell was that? That was none of the sales. Oh, no. That was Miguel. Oh, my gal. I'll thank you. I'd like emotions director not capitalized. See, you're going to give me very, very angry if you're going to give me whipped up about all this internal stuff, which you ought to have said in care about all these. Because here's the guy's doing a great job. He's a good guy and every store for a train. Everybody likes him. He's a worker. He's, you know, cares about what he's doing. And they're still screwing him over because it's the Greg Reid's lies. Beesley, effin' away. Promotions director and pencil. Yeah, promotions director in drag. Who works cheap because he's still the funky. Thanks for all your great assistance on the campaign Greg. And thanks for that generous donation of a dollar when Joker Stella was up there to QM van that day. Thank you so much. You cheap prick you. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. If the holidays, when are supposed to be in that, you know, I'll guess we're not doing that anymore. Do we? Oh, used to be once upon a time that they would say, Oh, well, very missed that. It's a season of good cheer and goodwill toward men and everybody like each other. But we don't do that anymore. I put on a phony act. Here's the mobile and the West Palm Beach, hello. Mobile and West Palm. Going once. Going twice. What do you expect from people with a dollar vote? 560, 50560, and that's supposed to put the AT&T in your rectum. Most of the talking at little thing with the holes in it. No, not that hole. Here's Hollywood, hello. Hollywood? Yes, sir. Hi, how are you, sir? Okay. This is a long time listener and a second time caller. And I just wanted to relate to you that my hobby is flying. I was talking to a young man from Amsterdam who was learning to fly over here. And he was saying that the taxes in Amsterdam are just outrageous. I want that's going to affect you when you retire. No, because I don't have, I'm not a citizen. No, I'm not going to be a citizen. No, I'm not a citizen. I don't work there. I have no income. There are no pay taxes there. Thank God. And the costs are pretty outrageous over there too. No, not really. Not really. I'm not with all the pens on what you're talking about. Well, aviation is I know that. Oh, I see. Yeah. And what is that? Yeah. Okay. Thank you very much. Okay. Thank you. Well, you know, all the pens. I guess this guy does want me to be too optimistic about being there about 2,000 times. And I have an apartment there now on a vuspent, a whole summer. And I'm happy there. I like it. And sometimes good things are worth paying for. No, not that. I'm just talking about the experience of being there. And don't start using that then. Comey, pinko term quality of life. Because the right wing is good all of a sudden to hear that. That's one of their favorites. Yeah. That gets them wild. Quality of life. Those are those, uh, Connie Pinko buzzwords. We know what you're talking about. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. See now the challenge is here. We have to shift gears again. First we had to get out of that alien mode. And now we got to get out of the Bush Gore mode, election gate. I'm just, I just can't get all that whipped up about. I mean, you know, I lived through it. I went through the whole thing. I'm, uh, somewhat disturbed by it. But it, uh, life goes on. I'm waiting to see those arrows going up on the, uh, stock pocket. Are they going up? No. They're both in the, uh, negative to our position. The dollars down 47 and the dollars down 160. And then the next act down 47. Now all these people talking recession now. And yes, there are actually articles many of them in the newspapers, many of the economists are talking. Uh, we're not going to have a soft landing. We actually will have a recession. Nice going out on Greenspan. Too many guy, they're interest rate hikes. One or two too many. To choose. Well, wouldn't that be something if Bush gets in there and then says, Oh, why don't I get this? But it may be Gore really wants to come back, give him a shot, in herding a recession. Just like Papa had. Papa's got a brand new recession. Well, he'll straighten it all out. If anybody gives me the confidence of really being a student of being economically savvy, he's the guy. And then the guy can't you look at him and talk. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I was watching a show last night on the a squandered ax dollars of our school system. Uh-huh. And it's interesting, but the people don't realize how much time because we pay to our school system, which is wasting our money. Yeah. Uh, had Gore been elected. Uh, that would have been a good idea. Well, yes, he wasn't. He wasn't. He had Gore been elected. Here's another apologies for let's, uh, you know, let's do away with the, uh, the prominent education. And let's sub-spitting your name or money. Yeah, we must be wasting all that money because look at all those textbooks that we got in date, kind of just too many. And look at all those good content huts. What's wrong with those kids? Do you want to go to school in a real building? What those wrong with them? Asso. So I, I hate to break the news. These people are not only want to go ahead of the election again. I want to go back before the election and start making campaign speeches. Save it. Holy old save it. You're man one. Now let's see what that happens. Okay. Now the ball is in your court. Let's see if he can do his good as a daddy. Yeah. Here's Westchester. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. Just a quick you. I just heard about the, you mentioned the quance of that. People here in Florida think the quance of huts, uh, uh, normal way to go to school. And that's the kids to grow in the buildings. Isn't that great? I could believe it, but I first moved out. But this last jackass is giving you a son and it's about all the money that we waste. Therefore, it's not spending more money on education. This guy likes dumb, which is why he's a bushman. I like to know what it's been billion that they say to the wood from lottery to the, uh, Yeah, he went to. Yeah. The three. Probably for makeup or the secretary of bush. Yeah. The reason I'm really cool is, uh, you can be with the, uh, the term of wolf's the president of Serve of top and stake and it says, two consecutive terms. And these things are possibility. No. I can't serve more than two four year terms. Period. Trust me. Yeah. I do those consecutive terms. No. All right. That's what I want to check out. Okay. I thought that. That guy must know, uh, Todd Drek. He was in here again. The other day asking me that about whether the public can run again. How many times do I have to tell you Todd? Number one, you're an imbicill and number two, the answer is no. And thanks for bringing fat boy in here. Oh, man. In fact, what we're going to do to try to raise some money because business, we're going to have a recession, maybe. And business is pretty slow on ourselves. The permanent selling much is usual. So what we're going to do is we're going to have the QA in the injury. Yeah. We're going to charge like 250 admission and we're going to put them all behind a cage. Todd Drek, Fat Boy and Peter Leonard. Can't you see that? Peter. No, Peter's going to be hopping up and up and up. Puff, puff, puff, puff, puff, puff. You did there. You said that. Puff, puff, puff, puff, puff. He's going to be jumping up and down like rumbles goes. Can Fat Boy's going to be in there. You can throw him the peanuts or whatever else you got to eat. And Todd Drek's going to be spinning around. Oh, man. You're right. Come on. Come on. I'm serious. We can make a fortune with that. Because the audience thinks that I'm exaggerating again. Believe me. I can't begin. And then we can also have screw in there. I don't want to tell you who she's going to be doing. Roll. I mean, what she's going to be doing in that cage. Now, this can't be because it says K-Core on there again. This can't be that cost the old K-Core. Hello. Hey, Neol, how are we going? Okay. I'm listening on 560 by the way. Because I can't stand the, you know, the chop it up your show and put stock shows. All this garbage. And what even liver has never been chopped up as much as the show on 770. Now, that guy that called about the exit pole. Beat an hour or gore being announced the winner. Yeah. That question was have the poles ever been wrong before? Yes. They haven't wrong. Yeah. Okay. They called California for Kennedy in 1960. Also, it's been 40 years. No. I wouldn't say that. I mean, I can't remember every election. There were in fact congressional elections. They've been wrong. The presidential election, I'm not really sure. But they have been wrong before. Okay. And, you know, it's not as if the bush voters were waiting, like 10 minutes before the poles closed, you know, and decided. But, let's see, that argument. It works both ways. Because there were people who were interviewed who were standing in line to vote for Gore. And when they heard that Florida went to Gore, they also got that finner. Right. And they went home too. So it cut both ways. People who thought the election was done deal. They went home. They're trying to say, when you know the panhandle is on the central time zone and those people already heard, well, the fact is how many votes are there in the panhandle? Well, I know some votes are going to be all democratic for me in the future. Okay. Great ticket. There you go. Right. Yep. I think that, well, you know, we'll see what happens. We'll see how long the memories are. 560, 50560. Pond 560. See if we have any women today now that this election thing is all over. Let's talk about bilingualism. Come on, George. Let me a sport. Let's watch all these women call up and talk about bilingualism. And those goddamn people are once picking which. Me, Lappis, Escrande, Iamari, you. See, there you go. There's no one with the mlk. And there's another one. God, dammit. No wonder he's getting deported. Here's Boker, hello. And you know, you just mentioned the Republican so like it when talk about the quality of life. I've never heard that before. I've been there a couple of times, Western Europe mostly Spain. Yeah. I'm considered new and those are myself. I've never heard that that they don't like you when talk about quality of life. Oh, to them, that's a buzzword. That that's a catch phrase of left wing, a comic thinkers quality of life. That that's the only way they can argue with it because it just makes so much sense. That instead of like making all these unwanted babies. And instead of doing all the gross things that they do with our money. That we ought to be worried about quality of life. But they don't, that's that's bad. Yeah, because they're not as advanced. Maybe industrially they don't have the economy that we do. But they do seem to have a better quality of life. But I've never heard that that elit's social. Well, that's what they will tell you. All right. Thanks, Neil. I'll see you there. See on the other side, pal. Whether actually there are a few people over the brain. See, in that course, back to that thing with a language. I don't want to get started with that again. Well, why are people so uptight about language? And you want to know why? Because they're percol, maybe they might to percol school. They need to phobia. Yeah. Is that in Ohio? On yesterday, I misspoke. Speaking of xenophobia, I misspoke. I should have misspoke a lot yesterday. I was, and that reading of the article, my Marine dot, I apologize. But, you know, it's just one of those things. When you're blowing up like a blue photo, Well, I was carrying a lot. I don't know what that was. It's just, I guess, my time at the month. Took a diabetic pill and just scored scored. Ways six pounds, plus today. Oh, Neil, six pounds, and one day, that's a hundred pounds this week. Well, seriously, I was just off my feet. But I said, December, November 22, 1960, and you give me a dirty look. I meant, obviously, anybody knew I met November 22, 1963. On Kennedy was assassinated. That's when, huh? That's when the whole thing went down the toilet, and then in 68, they just they made sure it's 68. For the few more bullets. There's no more democracy. There's no more war. If you don't have any control of anything, but you could delude to yourselves. And thinking, if you put up a wooden sticks like Al Gore, that he's going to, you know, bring it to the promised land. Not going to happen, folks. Not going to happen with these two parties ever. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, oh, do you don't see that? Neil, you're such a party, pooper. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line, out of town on 877, 785, 6345. This is 5, 60, QAF, 4, 3, 0, 5, 60. WTF, you can do AF by having me for a longer day. A beast is my friend, group station. WTF, you can do AF dot com for the world. They are people, I told. Why is there an item for Christians? The whole house is now. Not a creature with spirit. Because I had my gun under the pillow. When I found a roof, I heard something about. I was going to live in a snow. Neil, you keep it down. When what's my rod there and I should appear. What the dawn of all else? And a frigid reindeer. With a slotted a snout. And a young on the man. He cursed the need shouted. He called the my name. Neil, don't you're fracking your joy. You're vetoed. He polied. He'd been a miracle. He gliedle. With respect back, black hair. And a red silk suit. Dawn Christopher was here. And he brought the loot. As I drew out my gun and hid by the bed. He flew through the window. He slapped me upside down. What the hell is in it? He's going on your own. Not all you're getting is calm. You're freaking long on. Then point in a finger. Right up my known ass. He twisted his pinky ring. And up the chimney he rolled. Then he laid a meal out. What I least expected. When we've written Christmas alone. And you're better show some respect. I'm going to want to fire 60. WCU, I'm just to put a look on it. I think what I'm going to do is every hour. What we'll do is mention two or four people that we like. Or that I like. Because if you do, you just mention everybody. Sure. No, seriously. I mean, Dough. That's a good guy. Yeah. Hank. Like Hank. Kailty. Kailty. Joe Rose. Yeah. Well, you don't like FIFA. Any K. Like any. He's not going to think of a said two words. Somebody said good guy. Okay. Boog. Boog is a good guy. Even though he's a circle sometimes for the organization. It's pretty good guy. Like Boog a lot. Do you see a guy? Did you hear what I just said? Boog a lot. It can one of my favorite people in the whole building. Great guy. Do you like Boog a lot? Boog a lot. Boog a lot. And I guess that's about it. Oh, and well, what's his name? Zorton. Even though you're right, he don't look that good. But nevertheless, I guess my eyes were bad back then. Well, that's before I got these great and glasses. They are great, by the way. I have a little bit of nothing. These are the best glasses that I ever had in my life. I want to think of myself spots to this guy. See, places that I like, places that I love, generally speaking. I mean, I got a few of money. You're most of them were here before I came here. Thank God. You know, like, pizza, lots and lots of people like that. But they can't sell spots to them. In fact, let me give this guy a plug. I think I already mentioned them on the ear once you twice. Great. These are those new titanium frames with glasses that they We're like, uh, nothing. Like about a half an ounce at most. They look like nothing. I would do this, make your eyes look bigger. You don't see the frames or anything. Yeah. They're great. And then it's like a different kind of vision. I mean, like, clear as a bell. You can see, uh, for miles. I'm sorry. Now, how come I can't find the guys card in here when I know it's in here? Okay. I would bet at least 50, uh, 75 bucks a year of money that it's in here. Well, here's one of my stripping cards from the Trams and Amsterdam. Oh, now you're probably wondering why I had that in my wall or right now since I'm not going like it. No, no, that's not the point. The point is it having that in my wall It's psychologically. It's like having these terrible pictures that I'll Took sitting over here right off to my right, very close by. Having them there is like a security blanket. So I've Linus just having them around is like something positive. Well, I'll have to dig up the guys. I don't have the card at home and give them it's Omega. I care. I wear and cool spring, something like that. And as a great guy, and he's a good, even though Rimmer did take me there. And they were very expensive, but well worth it. That's twice the price. See, there's something I like. Got some people I like. Glasses I like. Who's still giving me your son, Dance? And I'm the sorrow one. Just because we got some salespeople here wanted to ruin our day and make a big Son, Dance and make a big stimulus. Five, six, I see. I'm trying anything. I don't care. I'm just ramble on here the next four. I was not taking any more calls because I just, you know, I'll give you a good example. Here's the fact that says, what do you say to Hillary for 2008? No. Some of us are named Jacks. What do you say to Hillary in 2008? No. The same thing I say in 2004, 2008, 2000 to 2525. No. That's a joke, facts, right? No, no, it's not. He's got a little blurb here, but a question and answer thing from some newspaper. You know, this is somebody who's serious. Based on what? Exactly. See, people are going to say, well, you know, she and spite of all those calls and everything. She won by 14 points in New York in the center of the, yes, she won by 14 points because girl won by about 30 points. It was a gigantic land slide for growing New York. So she just got dragged along on his coat tail. She's running against the nobody. She's running against some little, we know that does no up from down. That pissed all the women off there when you, you know, Mark's up there and confronted her in that debate, like some kind of a little prick. Good. Yeah, like some kind of a little fanges, good. Go to the mess, said. So I'm going to get out and shut them up, said. Hillary, I didn't see this. This is what's wrong with you, people out there. You're so easily sucked in because it's a name that people know. What qualifications does she have to be president? We saw the fact that she's a duck. I mean, but besides that, what is she got? A sourdough disposition. Yeah. And be in the ice princess. You think she'd have Janet Reno back in the cabinet again? Uh, or at least in a lock box. First, I'm delighted to be here. I am someone who believes strongly that we need to work hard to cut 100,000. Said we funded teachers. Mostly I did elementary school. That's why I support taking money away from the public school. Just when we're getting a big teacher shortage in our country. Secondly, I want to try to do everything I can to not encourage businesses to come and create and teach jobs here. That's why I would lower the minimum wage. I say, why not? And finally, you know, I've brought the del Castro from one end to the other. I think about it. I've been tasting it for you. I made it for the day. Okay, thanks for what a really nice gun. Stu Gots, we like him. Mark Eisenberg, he's a good guy. Absolutely. What's his name in more pat? In spite of the fact that Joe and Defoeidam like poison, I heard it. Now, when I got there, right? Yeah. Psychopath. He's okay. And pat in accounting, by the way. Pat in accounting is a good guy. Well, we got to mention him because he gives us our checks. Good new accounting lady who's named his PhD. She's very nice. See, we had a lot of nice people in this building. Yeah, I'm a ho, Jenny. Jenny's very nice. Sweetheart. Right? I don't want to leave anybody out. That I'm not in QAN people, right? Huh? Yeah, I just QAN people. Well, I hate listening to this till midnight. Because we've got to leave the 70, 100. And of course, Miguel, we already mentioned him. One of our favorite people in the building, especially mine. But what to say? Long list the people we like. Now, what do you mean, we need both camper and management? Oh, and Mad Dog in the Kimba Bo Camp, or we're going to shut over down. Yeah, sure. Our old cool workers from the old building. Right. That goes back to IOD days. Yeah, that's a personal friend. It's a really good guy. Oh, I'm not leaving out. See, if I leave somebody out, it'll come to us. Oh, you left out Josh Friedman. Yeah, I said. And Robert Creeper? Mm-hmm. Oh, and so did I. Here's a mobile-in-fort-mire, is hellow? Good morning. Twenty-three, sir. Uh, this one quick comment. And then is, I think, the only thing that the country could hope to learn from this whole thing. Yes, what it's going to feel like to be bushwork. Yeah. But that's basically what we got. We got bushwork. That's it. That's it. You called the Tommy's ass? Yeah. Keep doing a good job. Ha ha ha ha. Ha ha ha. Ah! Oh, wait a minute. No, I don't want to give myself homework though. Ah! Ah! Thank you. We got bushwats. Alright. See, I'm not going to put his name on. Let's not know what his name is, but now he's okay. He meant well. He meant well. He said keep doing a good job. He sucked around a little bit, like most of the callers do, because most of the callers suck around. I'm in a chapter 11 at 560WQM, as we try to do a public service here by just by it's holidays. Take a little break, con, down, take a milk pound, whatever it is that you need, and relax. Relax. If you're going to have a little bit of a recession, if you got a nice steady income going, that's good, because you'll be able to buy stocks. All the stocks will be like a dollar dollar holler. No matter what, G-E-G-M, whatever, dollar dollar holler. And then in about a year or two, if we survive, it's then will all be really rich. That's a good way to rationalize it, isn't it? Oh, sure. And of course those of you who don't have any more income coming in, and have got all your life savings in there. Well, you know what they say. 9 minutes after 11 at 560WQM, I have juiced up right. 10 minutes after the day of juiced up right now. In decision 2000, some say that the presidential election of the Millennium was a stony as a $3 bill, but there is one thing that isn't a phony. The indecision 2000's lecture plates from the Franklin Mint, each plate that picks the outrageous ringlings of both political parties, captured in a colorful hand-painted personal inflate. Would your first order of a flora election official holding up a ballot to the light? You'll receive a handsome oak display case. If you decide not to order more plates, the oak display case is yours to keep. Each month you'll receive another indecision 2000 plate for you to review and add your collection. You'll get the Secretary Harris plate complete with heavy lacquered makeup and scary electric. The confusing ballot plate was elderly Jewish voters scratching their head. The pregnant Chad plate and 21 other hand-painted plates complete the collection. The French admit, in decision 2000 collector plate is just 2995 each. If your credit card handy operators are standing by. 113 to 560, let's do an office pool here. How many weeks do you think before we get our next door woman caller? Because we're not talking about bilingualism about alien and other distal election businesses over that the countermodel. Maybe the banana boat lady will call back. What do you got for free? That's right. We have no tickets to give away. Maybe we'll get lucky in the banana boat lady will call back and say. 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560 660, 660, 560, 660, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 560, 760, 500, 680, 560, 2170, 540, 660, 160, 560, 560, 180, 3560, 660, 6660, 5660, 5060, 61, 5160, 4960, 5660, 5560, 6542, 6460, 4460, 8460, . I never asked one damn question because the fix was in with him. He had to vote with him. You had to pay the debt with Duke. Yeah, but rank for his license because you get some of the good weed and it's good for rank for his back pain. So he likes him. Here you go. Thanks Bill. Okay, hang in there, pound. Right after this two shall pass like a bad McKinney stone. So anyway, Michael, Neo writes a great column while you're waiting to think about what you're going to talk about here today. Well, I'll get a few calls on there. But I understand to the difficulty on a lot of pressure. Try to turn the corner a little bit and move on. Move forward. Take my advice if you want. If not, go ahead. Get all bent out of shape. Get that caught it. Start running on the street, screaming and yelling and carrying on. Watch Jesse Jackson on there doing all this little dump poetry. Whatever it turns on, I just don't think it's really going to help you out. Probably get your odds of the all worked up again. You're good and your IBS and the, etc. Michael Neo writes a pretty good column for change. Mike, first one is here. I think A-Wad reals in the dough. The fans are on the hook. Lost amid the enormity of Alex Rodriguez's quarter-billion dollar deal is a funnel economic question. The question is, what precisely is the financial justification behind this? Rodriguez is an immensely talented baseball player, but will he pump an additional $252 million in revenue to his team and sport over the next decade? Oh, upon what rational basis did Texas ranges on her tonguehix decide to unilaterally raise the contract bar so outrageously and a sport that seems hopelessly as skew. Maybe Hicks fat wall can afford it, but once the ramifications trickle down and around as they inevitably will, can we? Will baseball and professional team sports as we know then be able to survive? Perhaps this sounds alarmist, but the doomsday science should be all around. Look at all those empty seats of all those newer renaissance around town. People are asked to pay too much for too many meaningless games and too much mediocrity. Oh. Joe fan is getting disgusted with all of this and once he's tapped out a cash or find the more satisfying way to spend it, he'll be Joe X fan and then what happens? This is not to be Grudge Rodriguez is good fortune, but it simply doesn't appear to make sense. People who say athletes are entertainers and deserve a bit of hate as richly as Jim Kerry and Oprah Winfrey, Mr. Basic Point, Kerry makes $20 million of picture because his movies usually gross well over $100 million. Winfrey has made hundreds of millions from recedicated talk show because stations made even more from advertising they sell during it. But baseball and other professional sports have usually shown little regard for basic economic rules. Navarric owners are often willing to spend more than they take in because they can afford to cover losses or they've been allowed to get away with it in the former government handouts for stadiums, sweetheart deals that basically are licensed to print money. And for all they complain about needing a salary cap, they just can't help themselves when a toy like Rodriguez becomes available. Now that $250 million is suddenly going right to save a superstar's ego double the previous time, who's going to eventually pay for all those who line up next? Exactly how much do they think fans are willing to pay for a ticket? Exactly how much do they think TV partners will keep paying in the age of plummeting ratings? Exactly how much corporate largest in the form of luxury sweets and naming rights fees do they think they can count on in the age of declining stock prices and a possible recession? Exactly how much more from taxpayers will they want to enable this lunacy to continue? It's alarming that an owner has shown he's willing to invest more for one player services for a decade than an infrastructure that would last his thing 40 years, simply because he'd never been forced to pay his own for his infrastructure on like 99% of private businesses. It is logic to find that owners now pay more for one player than an entire new franchise. Let this be a lesson to those who'd like to use public funds to help John Henry build a new state for the Marlins, a new stadium doesn't guarantee competitiveness in the current climate only insanity does. Look no further than Seattle for a cautionary tale. The citizens helped pay for a high-tech, safe co-field which ran $100 million over its expected cost and the Mariners of since lost Randy Johnson, King Griffey Jr. and Red Riggers. They made it to the playoffs last season but what does it say that in team of the new stadium can't afford to retain any of its superstars? It says baseball is headed over a cliff. It should no longer be anybody's duty civic or otherwise to support this madness. This means no more public dollars for stadiums, not when they're helping the salary bar climb exponentially. That means no more blind allegiance to reckless sports and teams that means it might be time to start reading more good books and get our spectator thrills at the local high school game. The chicken little has clocked loudly in the past whether it was Joe to measure getting 100 grand, Nolan Ryan getting a million dollars or Kevin Gardener getting 125 million. This time the sky might really be falling because 250 to 2 million shatters the ceiling. The only justification will be if there enough suckers out there willing to put the bill, the owners are counting on you. Nice girl Michael McIllum, a triple for that one. He's halfway to home plate. Nice girl Mike, most of that's stolen from the show yesterday but he always does that. How many years ago did this battle juice sitting here in this chair? Did I tell you that they're killing the goose that laid the golden thing? I told you that long ago and it just keeps getting worse. Any remeris, San and for what was it? 100 million 20 million year with a red socks. That seems to be the no-going thing at least 20 million year for a freaking baseball player. Oh yeah. Where did all those jocks drive sometimes they chase? Here's a mobile and zero B, chill out. Yes, Neil, good morning. Yes, sir. Here. I agree with you. That's four stars for Michael Mayo. Yeah. Absolutely. I give an inside the park home or for that one. Absolutely correct. I just wanted to call and talk to you about something you're more important. Hawking sir. Yes. Can you tell me about your lease with Sunday and possibly Lindrose? Lindrose is not coming. What do they need him for? They scored seven goals again last night. What are they need him for? They scored 38 goals and last seven games. What are they need in there for to mess up the whole chemistry? Well, maybe for the playoffs. No, no thanks. No? No. Because Sunday disappears in the play. No thanks. No. Oh well. I tried. Toronto 7 Pittsburgh 4 last time I checked. Oh and I like Pittsburgh too. First place in Eastern Conference Toronto Maple Leafs 40 points. That's very courty eight goals and seven games. Go Leafs go go Yannick Pro. That's what I say. And unloading the victory Chris. That's nice going our pat and the waters. Good move. Even though we did okay in Washington, I wish you no harm. He just sucked with us. Nice going. Those Maple Leafs boy. They're really doing it. Of course, don't tell Michael Worcester that he thinks they're not one of the top 40 teams in league. We got some sports riders in this town. Like I said, nice going Mike, may I'm going to frame that one. I think compared to the usual swim I read in both of our local papers. The usual propaganda. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Neo. Yes sir. Alex Rodriguez is hung like a horse. Yeah, that's what the default was told me. That's the way he does the reasoning is face so much money buddy. By the end. Okay. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pump 5 60 on the AT. Unlike the Olando Marry, the kicker for the dolphins. Remember Joe Costello said he went to school and he's hung like a butterfly. He said he sure can't kick it, but you think if he could kick it would probably be a little bit longer. Maybe he's like an acrobat like Ron Jeremy. Maybe he's triple-joined. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pump 5 60 on the AT and T. Did I have a lady on there to go away? Yeah, that's the only or four time. What do you mean? She calls. I put her on hold. Yeah. He's up. Rinse me Pete. So in other words, he's got no time to wait for me. Is that it? That's fucking bitch. Here's a mobile and Hollywood, hello. Hello, they're how are you, Nick? Okay. Number one, I agree with you what you just said about baseball. I read that article and I think it's better it was right on, but that's not why I called. It's all over. I'm a registered Democrat, voted for Gore, but I had some comments on the election. I live in Eastern, the Borreldo, fairly affluent neighborhood. We had the same voting machines that are blind everywhere else around the country. I didn't feel there was a problem with them. So when I punched out my ballot, I didn't know I had to do this, but I did check to see that the little yellow chair, which I never heard of the word Chad before, missing. And so I know that my, I didn't have any questions. I knew that my ballot was. So what's the most important? Another rejection. You're smart, and everybody else is dumb as I would you tell me, sir? Uh, while I'm saying that, everybody, everybody other people are less careful. And I find out later, it's my responsibility to check my ballot. What's that? I didn't do that. I made you a grab with them rehashed the obvious, which is that some people for whatever reason. In fact, everybody, including your Republicans are now saying that the automatic machines have got to go. They have got lots of problems in the background. I agree with you, but I'm saying it was my responsibility to agree with you. Okay, well, I'm glad you're there right. I'm glad you're smart and more dumb. Thank you. Republican smart, everybody else. Done. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and rest. Still low ladies, I told you. They didn't even want to talk about bilingualism and those goddamn Cubans. It was Cubans! I already had one facts about, well, if the Cubans are talking about Castro and they just did the same thing with the election here, they, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, I'm so embarrassed for so many of you out there who are so obsessed with your hate, just just filled with hate, just brimming with it. So when people keep asking about how come the people who are so nasty and they're friendly and the driving us to uncivilize, I, it's very obvious is that people here, just like I was talking about spelling the soup on the floor, they dwell on stuff and they is festers, they just they, they feed on it, they feed on hate. Here's a mobile and four-moderadeel. Hello. Mobile and four-moderadeel. Hey, I need a lot of water. Oh, geez. Got, Neil. Yes. Uh, and reference to the Rodriguez deal. From what I understand was the deal was arranged and the fact that, uh, the, the, the owner of the Texas range is one of the foot-in cable, uh, network and Fox said no, we'll give you $250 million if you don't put in cable network. I don't have to say. I mean, what does that mean? What it means is that $250 is not coming out of anybody's pocket except Fox who was paying off $250 million. Where did you read that? Trying to think within the, uh, either on the internet the other day. That was where I saw it. Okay, great. Well, let's, uh, let's thank Fox for screwing everything up with delivery. Good. Remember that glowing talk anybody? Yeah. So, seriously, everything that Fox touches, it turns to crap. Instant process crap because that's all, Rupert works. Just like that news network that fascists news network are there. When I build, I'll call me Heinrich Kimmer O'Wiley and all those other fascists that have on there, I really do believe Rupert Murdoch is the anti-Christ. They let the very least the Supercombrer. I'll see there I go again when I stop panning the most picks again. Yeah, Rand. Why why are you so uncivilized? Why are you so hostile? Why do you like generalized? I'm going to say it again. If you want to generalize about French Canadians, you'll get no argument for me. That's the only group of people in the world that I'll generalize about because it's true. With my own personal experience, I'm sure somewhere there might be a nice French somewhere like the anecdotal. There you go for the main police. He's a good guy. One of my favorite players leads the league again in the winning face. So I'm even though he's heard for a month. I'm screwing our eannich, baby. See, look at that. Then it's going to show it to the holidays. Even Neil is fighting nice frogs out. This is 560, UAL. But Neil Roger shows sports radio, 560, QA, and... They'll see, people are ISO. Roger, we missed an opportunity here at Julie Bourbon, a whining, which they just had on CNN. Instant that I came back on there here at this appeared. He was an extra whining today and he said that the wonderful accomplishments of Al Gore are all get out of here. See, there was selfishly, but some would say probably intelligently. Selfishly, he covered his ass by running again in Connecticut. And now he's still in the Senate. Because you know what a back of his mind, he's thinking to himself, there's no way the world of the Goers is going to win this thing with a get you like me on the ticket. So I better cover my ass and say the Senate. And he was right. Another fact about the election and the people are member of the US. When you people give it a freaking rest, there are two things that want you to make your New Year's resolution right now. Give these two things your rest and I know you won't do it with either one. But you live another 10 years if you would do it. Number one is this election and number two are the Cubans. Well, if it's not just odd, a Cubans did a one that put this guy in. If somebody said if you went out and found human experiment on your front lawn, you will be sure that some Cubans did it. And it positive, Cubans, extra man. Yeah, Cubans, extra man. God, talk about a one-note-frican town. Did you just, oh, where are those pictures of Amsterdam again? Here they are. Just trees in the cobblestone. Don't fall on it. Five six of them. And you know something I'm discovering why with all this internal stuff, I got sitting in this chair. It's like, uh, I don't want to get started on this chair again, but it's like I'm literally all my kishki's are like squeezing together. Like this. I'm like the hunchback of the Rude-a-noda name. Yeah, pull that mic up like this instead of straight like a man, that of boy. There you go, and let your kishki's breathe a little bit. I'm like squashing all my inner advice, sitting in this chair for hours a day. Even to Coruanton, why can't you do it like Greg, you know, standing up? Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile-in-four-later nail, hello. Hello. I'd like to talk about the election in terms of George. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T line, out of town lines are open. Still low ladies. Now that lady from Stewart, I saw was on her. She is that the same one? Oh, that was the different one. Well, and you're willing out there to all of a sudden, got so busy. It just, I'm sorry. Sorry, we can't get to you right away and cancel all the commercial and everybody else just to get to you right away. Because we know that Europe doesn't think. Here's a mobile-in-mimi beach, hello. Hello. Hello. Long time, well, I'll look for some color. Yes, sir? Okay, are there going to be any investigation screen during revvocations on Martin Calthy? Here's a mobile-in-core-conocryte, hello. Yes, hello, I'm Neil. How are you? Okay. Listen, Neil, I was watching the panters last night, and what the mind-magnation or did they look better? They played great last night. I thought they had a little sparkle, jump in there. I'll take all these lines. Again, but they problem is two problems. Number one, they were playing a team that was really in a coma, especially at home. And number two, they still had a, they blew the lead twice. They had a settle for a tie. Yeah, well, what else? You know, what do you, I think that's going to play out, Neil? How's it going to play out until they get a new one? Or nothing's going to play out. That's the question to go on. It's just a question to how many people are going to get fed up and how small a crowd you're going to have to get before they're finally forced to do something. I mean, I go to those games and it's half empty. It's unbelievable. Well, you ain't seen nothing yet. We're going to get worked, you're right. Well, I'll let them to play like the last night more. And they have a year after you're forgetting something. The best games they've played like the game into Ronald, when the game last night, most of the good games they played this season have been on the road. They're playing at Harlan's been for the most part of Dismal, which I think is a compliment. Yeah, tragic. You're going to get, well, let's hope it gets better. I can't get much worse. Okay. Listen, I don't want to talk about the election. It's not even when you hear about it. Good. Okay. How could you say me on YouTube? It's over. Well, Martin County, if we got to do this, we're going to finally more losses. It's all over. You can see the last night. Very nice job. He looked like a human being. He had a little bit of warmth. They had a pulse. And then George W. came on front of the Texas house there. And Yaddy, Yaddy, and he, he seemed to, you know, said some of the right things. Somebody wrote him a decent speech. And that was it. I just ended up the whiners out there. Whin, whin, whin, whin. I think some of the voice people have got a good point. And by the way, George, where's our macaroni and cheese? Well, I got the cheese. Here's a mobile and north Miami, huh? Yeah, Nia, how you doing? Okay. Yeah. I just want to say it's over thing. The Lord or whoever. And you did a great job. I'm very happy to be in a country where we allow people like you to get up there and an express your youth. And who was talking to that? I really like that. But I got my boots up. And I'm going marching. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Marlis line. I'm waiting for a woman to call and put her right on. Maybe even a bit animal-live. You like, get her right on right away. Come on. I thought I want to put her right on all these other people. That's not fair. But I just just thought of curiosity. Because I want to be thinking about me if they can meet and you're Rogers Challenge. Do you think they can do it? No. I doubt it. Come on. A woman with something to say, not about Cubans and not about the election. Anything. Huh? That opens up a lot of territory. 560, 50560, pound 560, pound 1, just 1. Just that curiosity is if they can meet the challenge or if they're going to just act as I predict it can be for. Was that a woman? No. Oh, that's right. They can't get through. Oh, a line five is still. I'm sitting here. You're given the numbers out. Oh, good. Oh, this, this, this. Like I said, we used to like to have a lot. And then that George Corso, you forgot to mention him. Oh, hey, we like, what's his name? What ever happened to him, our other engineer? What's his, uh, Julio? Julio? Is he still around? Yeah. Haven't seen him in a Cones age. He's around. Oh. Hey, Julio, line five is still not work. I just mentioned it in passing, father of paranoia. Here's Bokia, hello. Yeah, sir. How you doing? Great. Uh, call about the election, but it's going to follow up on the fellow that called about the 252 million that, uh, Fox Sports net paid and the same article. They talked about the Yankees charging 33 bucks for an upper deck seat in coming season. Right. 33 dollars. And the Yankees get such big bucks for the first of all, they own MSG. You're MSG or whatever way that works. And they get a fortune for their broadcast rights, like eight million times won anybody else. The first deck you'll list is ridiculous. So I got a suggestion, you know, a far direction. What do you think of this? Why don't we move election day to veteran's day? It's a day off. It's a veteran. No, no, why don't we just make election day and holiday? Whatever day it is. What's wrong with that? I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I walk for that. But boy, you can combine two things and and kill two birds and one stone. The veteran would be, uh, a fighting for free. And many else, uh, right to vote. Let's make it all one day and and be done with it. Okay. It's a done deal. Thanks, man. Okay. You are. Sure. Five six seven. Five six seven. Five six. We got a woman on there yet. Come on. Let's see if they can do it. Can't do it. Kenya. The catch got you talking. You want to know why? Because you're one dimension. We got one. How many fingers really just torn up? Six. I want to see. Is this a lady? Yes, it is. Wow. Hi. Shocking. I'm up in time Beach Garden Florida on a mobile phone. Well, that's great. I need to ask you a pantser's question about that. Uh-huh. First off, what they're going to get rid of the Murray Brothers. Not to release all the team. Okay. And when are they going to stop stroking, robbing leader, Meyer and Traden? As soon as he is as soon as they find those pictures, he's got hidden away of Bill Torre with a bill of goat. He's dead. That's correct. He is absolutely worth it. Uh-huh. And they keep playing them and they keep trying to boost them up and say great things about them. And it's like, you got to be kidding. Even Robert Straylie, I noticed Terry Murray was on his post game uh, Morton, the other night and said talking about somebody asking how good Straylie's plan. Straylie's a disaster. He isn't even dead. Even Santa Claus won't be given away as much as this Christmas as Straylie gives away on a nightly basis in each game. I mean, I, I'm just horrified in how the team's doing. And I mean, I'm still a fan. I still watch the games, but meet him, Meyer. He can't even speak when he's on camera. Yeah, don't. And don't forget Big Number Eight, who's the big fan favorite. Now there's stupid penalty last night. Oh, God. I mean, it's just, it's horrible. It's horrible. And I mean, I have two toddlers. I'm almost thinking that my four-year-old would be better than Robbie. Sign him up. Yeah. Anyway, have a wonderful day. And I guarantee you'll play a lot cheaper, too. Oh, that's for sure. I'm pretty sure. I'll put him out there. Thanks for answering the challenge. Oh, my pleasure. You have a great day. You too, bye-bye. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. She's a nice lady. She's a nice lady. She's out there. I bet you here's another one on four. Hello. Lady and Miami. Nail. Yes, man. Nail. Yes, man. How you doing? OK. I'm having a Mac and L on story. Uh-huh. I recently went with my husband to the Caribbean after two aborted take-offs. We went back to the gate and they held this hostage on the plane forward three hours. My husband and I are both diabetic. Oh boy. So about two hours I asked the store to store something to eat or drink because we're, she brings us a glass of water. Mm-hmm. Oh, it was no upset. Yeah. So finally after four hours we take off everything's fine. I wrote to American Airlines telling what a horrific experience I had. They sent me a $100 voucher. Wow. For a next trip. Well, I sent it back. I said no thanks. Stick it up your ass. Come to wipe the rest with it, right? I've never go on it again. Come to wrap up all those hand grenades with me. Thanks, Neil. You're the best. OK, no more Americans. OK, no. See, there you go. Another horror story. American Airlines. There's another deal. And they have a street met thing out of the airport. Oh, no. See, that's another thing. There's no follow-up in this town. I remember Hank was talking about it. I was talking about we're giving high marks to the hairlachel, which forces unusual for that big investigative thing on the airport and all the scandal in their ping-a-pink English friends. But there's never any follow-up. There's no follow-up in it. And speaking of no follow-up, how about that story about the cops? And the young hookers. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. See, I don't understand you people. I just don't get it. There's no outrage. There's no nobody gives a crap. They want to scream, oh, blah, blah, chads, and hang it bowels all the set of bulkwrap. But in the meantime, here are young girls. 16 years old and who knows how to miners. And the people you're paying your tax money to protect you, people and law enforcement, the same people who are who arrest people every day with their decoy prostitutes out there at this game, full of hardened federal highway. There run on a hooker ring down there with young girls and cops from every police force in date County so we were told that the time are going down there and getting their rocks off. Bang and under eight six. No follow-up from the media. Nobody except me, nobody cares. And why it goes on. So let me ask you one thing, George. What are we going to do about those humans? This is five six feet, UAL. Oh, frosty nads. Oh, you're so good. Look at me, I'm all in pain. We hit every store from here to Maine. You'll have to shock and you drag me along to the mall. There's been. Can't stop, get something to eat. Shit, see my toes with this woman's feet. This stuff is heavy, can't we go put some of this in the child? Baby, will have made it look. You don't know how to start all of the cash past door and hide. I take the credit charge and max them out. This would finally end when there's no more to rest for this job. This job. Oh baby, to see job, she's job. Job is crazy, sexy, only shopping tips and they never end. I don't know why she's going to go with the friends. She's job. She's job. I'm wasting after God's birthday. Oh, good job. Oh, thank God it's almost nine. Please assure me that this ball is going to go down. Okay, so George always says, don't mention them on the air. And that's it. Okay, we won't mention George's only in Rothoff's supply. Did you ever get one of these pens? Yeah. These are the best. Why do you talk about me? Do you get more free stuff? I'm sure. That's what it's all about. That's why we come in. We should all come in to see other salespeople. They're all telling you that. Man, are you? Are you recovering yet from that? I'm still a steward. I'm still forming at the moment from that unnecessary episode this morning. Oh, I find it comedious. Oh yeah, it was certainly our comedious aspects too. But it just it just frosted my big fat or pimpley ass that a that a spastic group ball like Peter Leonard is in there. You know, bossing you around and you're a demanding thing. He's a, how is he? He's side day a spastic asshole. Man. He should kiss the ground that we've even let him in this goddamn room. Here's a lady mobile with Miami, hello. Comedious is not a word, by the way. Well, we just made it up. It is now. How are you, Neil? Good. You know, I wasn't here since I was like, I don't know, three. And I dread the day that you retire. Oh, it's coming soon. Please don't say that. Take me with you, Neil. Less than four years than counting real fast. I'll peel your grapes for you. I'll do whatever it takes. Four years is a long time. You're buying day how long that is? Don't say that. Four years no. I do have these nice photos of Amsterdam and my hands right now that our gold steam took. Don't even joke that way, man. Okay. Listen, one thing I'm not going to have about the election, but I'm not going to have a queue though, but you know, I haven't wanted to. It's not how any free stuff, no kidding. I'm kidding. I don't want any free stuff. Um, I don't set that the Gore campaign didn't affiliate themselves with Clinton because I think that that's the reason we are off the election. Uh-huh. Because he didn't have the call. Well, he got that advice all the way around. I mean, somebody gave him the, uh, jewelry woman idea. And that was, uh, that's all he needed. That was the end right there. I don't think I don't think that really was a bit maker factor, but if Clinton says, well, how can you say that? I think it's quite a lot of stuff for Gore. You know, he's doing good now. Everybody loves on that. Everybody's saying now that he's lucky. I mean, I don't think I would say that a leverman didn't have any impact. Have you how much come besides being here? How much have you been around the deep south? No, you're, you're all, I have been in contact with those red next time. Uh-huh. But I mean, Claire, you know, look at Claire. You know, I mean, I don't think advice president has that big line of fact, even if he is a Jew. But anyway, I love to get my personal opinion. I'm disappointed because I think the Gore could have gotten over the top of this. Could have been, you know, could have been children. But he would have had the call to say, you know, why I don't care about the court and personal life and his wife, but he's been a great president. I agree. But I always told him, Gore couldn't win a fixed election. This one was fixed and he didn't win it. Have a great face, we'd art. It's your big luck. Okay. Thanks. Five, six, seven, all five, six. He's a little warm in here, George or what? Yeah, Todd. Oh, Jesus Christ. Oh, boy, I'm not getting old. I'll tell you. It's really sitting in this chair. That's what doesn't. This chair is killing me. Pointed me three years to figure that out. Five, six, seven, all five, six, the pound five, six, the only 18, 18, Verizon wireless line. Come on, let's hear from somebody in four miles today. What do you say? Why here from somebody? Look, not here from somebody over there. Or maybe the old cool-up there in Cape Coral. Count five, 60, on the 18, T, and Verizon wireless line. Yeah, right. Here's the line three, somebody, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, how you doing? OK. Listen, I'm an element just cool teacher here in over town. And I just wanted to really just, I'm here looking to see, and I wanted to just touch on, or agree with you as far as saying, it's time to just let go and move on. I mean, there's very interesting this morning, after my, after the morning and often, it's one off. No, I know that my kids do their journey riding. But today, they were just so funny, because they got into a very heated discussion as far as the election without the far as the Russian, Gore, and you can just see how everything is just divided. No matter what happens, even my fourth priesthood is saying, hey, you know what? Something was not right. You know, Bush, something smells wrong. Something has exactly just like that. So, you know, and I let them go on with this for like, about maybe 15 minutes, and then finally, somebody said, you know what? Enough of this. We can't change this. It's time to just move on. Like I said about crying over a spell. No, what's the point? Well, what's the, what's the, what's the going to accomplish? Exactly. So, you know, everyone just needs to go ahead and, you know, just put the path and the path, look forward and just control what you can control. And get a life, right. That's right. Okay, thanks, pal. Excellent advice. Right there, it is the word like from the horses ear, man. He's got his finger on it. Just let's move forward. Okay, that was pretty interesting that one before that. Yeah, but I dumped. Ain't good to work. Probably one of his buddies, you know, since he has so many. For me, there's from the inside. I'm 670560, pound by 60. What? I think it was him. You do? Let's go to those voices. Don't we hear him all the time? Why don't you get to tape out? I want to know. Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay. Great. Listen, I'm not pulling on. I want to talk about the election. You are all about your gun. Hello, Lillia. Yeah, I lost my interest in it about the same time you did. It's just time to wrap it up. You know, I hear everybody call us. Not irvresistible. Okay, everybody keeps saying, no, I don't want to keep saying that. Well, you know what, everybody's saying that. That's just that. What we really need to do now at this point is everybody needs to look ahead two years from now when the voting starts up again, we need to, you know, we need to make sure that we do the right thing. Then, and all the idiots that screwed up this time didn't vote right or voted for the native or whoever they did in the school of dyslexia, we need to make sure we do it right in again in two years and again in four years. Well, the good thing is that there's, and our paper this morning, so it must be true. Officials, most swiftly on punch card options, getting rid of these archaic punch card balance and getting into the, at least the 20th century, much less than 21st and starting to get so, so that if people do get involved and do come up in two years, then maybe they're vote my count this time. Absolutely. I mean, we all need that was going to come, but the big thing here is that all the idiots did get out there and voted, you need to get out there asking two years and vote all of the Republicans they can at a office and just do the right thing. Let's go out there and show them, you know, we'll be a pilot housing and I really don't think in four years that the Republicans are going to have a leg to stand on. I mean, after all this stuff here, they're going to screw this dyslexia up like they already did and then they're going to screw their four years up and after that, that this will be their last day. Okay. See you. All right, take care. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T in Verizon, wireless line. Here's a mobile-in-four-lawnerdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, anyone not comment on how Terry Murray just single-handedly tried to lose the game last night. Meaning what? He didn't try to lose the game. They had nothing to lose the game. I have to win over time. He measures the specs. Sir, let me say to you again, as much of a critic of him as I is as I be, and there was a pretty gutsy move because they had that. No, I'm not at it. That's not what I'm talking about. That was okay. After that. What does he put in the penalty box? Probably. Yeah, I don't know. I don't understand that either because first of all he finished. Let me finish. Can I say something and I'll let you finish? Okay. Go ahead. I'll listen. Yeah, listen. It's a game where you're only going to get a point if you win. It's out of the division. He puts parallel burying instead of 20 other guys in the penalty box. And who does he put on the ice? Swirl up and need a mile. He can't win a draw and he can't stop a part. He wants a challenge to ever kid. He wants to see if he could live up to the challenge and thank goodness he did. Yeah. Well, so much you mentioned this because here we got a coach, not only can we win. He does everything to make sure we can. But not only that, but when you got so few guys on the ice into four on three now at that point. And you think that Brewery who does it go out to kill out a penalty, he's good at it. You think that you want him out there because let's say the puck is deflecting. Here's a guy get a break away and win a game in overtime, maybe. And you can put him in the lose. Right. Try this one, Neil. What if they would have gotten a penalty against you, try and would have went back to even sides? You got Brewery in the penalty box. No sense at all. Right. The guy has a loser. We gotta get rid of him. Well, we're just waiting. I mean, the fact that he's here is one of the seven wonders of the world. But when they honor the team keeps telling us, you have to wait until I sell it. I mean, he's not really saying that, but that's what the real deal is. Until I'm going to do something. What can I tell ya? It's disgusting. Good luck to us, pal. Thank you. And bye bye the Murray boys. Now he's right. I mean, I do give him credit for at least having the balls of measure in the stick. And maybe getting an advantage there. But but of all the people who put in the penalty box, why pop law, man? Who's that pop out? Buray, they keep talking about. Don't get me started. Don't get me started. And the prospect of new owners who are getting sucked in like John Henry, who made by the Panthers, not that I want him to screw it, anybody because we need a new owner bad like tomorrow. Like yesterday. But boy, they're going to get sucked into another sour deal. Oh, but we got the all star game coming man. Great. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and what is it? I must be crazy. I must be nuts. Drives in wireless ones. Yeah, I think you're right. We've got to check that tape later on. And I want it not to. I want to talk to it. I want to tape now. Yeah, don't be talking to that tape up. I should tell the whole, well, I'll wait till the fall. I will tell the whole story on here. What a slime ball. What a scum bag we're dealing with down there in the sales department. See, and instead, instead of really getting the bottom of it and finding out what the problem was with an account. And then coming in like a munch and saying there's a problem once a real deal comes up here. And right away, starting a big song and it doesn't even know what the real story is. And it comes up here pointing at everybody in general and in particular. Oh, you're taking any grand out of my pocket. Yeah. Well, I'm just, I'm also hooked up. In fact, that's what when they hired me here, they told me we're hired you so that you could put money in Peter one. That's what you're doing here. We don't care about the show. We don't care about the ratings. We don't care about the audience. We don't give a crap about you. We just hired you so you can come in here and put money in the sales people's pockets. This is 560 QAF. 480 560 WTWM Miami Port Loderedale. A measly broadcast group station. WQAM.com for the world. Daddy, what are you going to give George his bonus? New, what denies? It's an all-new breakfast menu. You're going to go leave me. What? Woo! It's delicious. That's the WM Bam Bancus Land. The WM Bam Bancus Land? Thank you, friends. That's what I did. I'm a petting. The petting. You're leaving this wall away. I don't want the wall out. The all-new WM Bam Bancus Land. That's the Gap Land. Get slammed denies. Club N0ment 560 WTWM. Here's a tax from it says a female. One of the most illiterate taxes ever got in my life. Almost every word is mishpilled. When you walk about winning, winning, winning WING. And this is unbelievable. It says I go to yesterday and you assumed that was a male. I'm not unfamiliar. What kind of heart you're talking about? You're a typing. And it's all about voting this and about the ballot and about this and my problem and it says and yes, Neil, if you're able to vote, it is because you're an American citizen and you should speak enough English to at least perform that privilege. I rest my case that's all 80% of the women in this town that's all they know about is you are better than more speaking English and they hate you like for isn't if you can't speak you either enough or well, etc. The way they like in the 14th Amendment or the 20th. That you have to speak English to vote. Well, that's in the first amendment. You're pretty much speaks for all you need. Yeah. I am so sick and tired of people like that, they make me want to do a big fat pile of duty right in the hallway out there right down there on Peter Leonard's desk. Man. Well, what, I just can't help get it. It can only come back to one thing. Hate, xenophobia, intolerance, stupidity. Get on a plane and go somewhere in a real world lady. Get out of your little goddamn lock box. Here's for the order deal. Hello. Yeah. Yeah. I'm going to go you mentioned about with the new voting equipment going into the 20th century, much less the 21st. Don't start that again because everybody knows we're not there for 118 days. We are there. That's right. Don't start it. Oh. And about the score in four more years. I say no. As a matter of fact, we should start that again. So, we're sure if that led you reminded me. I say yes, gore in four years, but not out. Vidal. Gore Vidal. Now you're talking about my vote. Mm-hm. Okay. Thanks. Okay. Gore Vidal and just even to. Can't ask much much. Well, that's two. Two or one votes on our poll. So far, should I go up into Democratic candidate for president in 2004? We got, oh, 96. And we got, yeah, 61. And I'm hoping that most of those 61 are Republicans or just praying that the Democrats are done enough to put them in there again. I don't care 43. Ha ha ha ha ha. Oh, in fact, I kind of respect to 43 of San O'Kare at this point. Good for you. Let's get on us to an important crap. If we ever figure out what that is. I always did figure out what it is. Sitting on like upright in this chair like a real man and bringing this mic. I've been squeezing my kiss kiss for three years up here in this studio. It is made for these studio bars. Here's a call from Johnson City, Tennessee. Hello. Hey, Neil. This is John from Miami. I came up to Tennessee to see my mom. Yes, sir. Well, I'm just tired of this garbage man. I can't believe he stole this election. Uh-huh. Yeah. I'm glad to be there. But I'm just tired of it. Anybody who ever said that George W. could have won a fixed election. Well, guess what? Surprise. That's for sure. And everybody, a lot of people I talked to feel the same way. They just discussed it by the whole thing. I think the idea of unity after this is ridiculous. I think this is one of the most devices that I've ever heard of. Sure. Cut the country right down the middle. Cut the court right down the middle. I mean, what can I tell you? And then I'm surrounded by Yahoo's and even the Yahoo's thanks to these toys. Mm-hmm. Yeah. How old are you? How old are you? You're always Yahoo's up there in Tennessee. Thanks for throwing away your 11-lactical votes so that we had to get this embarrassment in Florida. That's what I told them to all upset about it. And they said, well, your state. I mean, you didn't even vote for the guy. Yeah. Of course, maybe if he would have campaigned there a little more. And unless I'm accepting a desperate toward the end. Maybe he would have won it. We can only vote. Okay. Have a great day, sir. Johnson, City, Tennessee. How do you like that? Yeah. We're a big Johnson City. Not too big in Dave Broward and Palm Beach. And definitely not too big over in, uh, what is it? Cog your county and Lee County. I'm so easy to forget. 5605. And why do you keep picking on those people over on a West Coast? No, because they deserve it. And they like it. They're into it. Here's a lady in Fort Myers. Hello. Can you? Yes, man. Yeah, you're right. They do deserve it over here. That's a very good. That's a good thing. I wanted to tell you that I first lived out of this country in 1982 when I was 17. And, you know, my daughter just left the top out. And when I came back, what took for me to live out of the country to realize, to get a better perspective of America? And I realized when I was over there, that what I wanted to do was, whenever I had a child, I wanted to have a child with someone else from outside this country. So, if things got really bad here, they wouldn't have to go up here. And that's exactly what I did. Good move. And my daughter has two of citizenship and, you know, I feel like... What country? England. Oh. So, you know, my thinking was that they've got socialized medicine over there, so if nothing else, she could get healthcare. And thus, the fact that they... Hold on, baby. They... Requires that you read the Communist Man of Festo in high school. It's required... Required reading. You know, I think with that, you get a better perspective. You know, not like school here. Yeah. It's the young people in Europe are so much better educated than the people here. And most of them speak English fluently, almost a matter where you go. And even in a while, for a septing, because it can't speak where we go. But it's... It's shocking. I'm just so excited. It's like screaming. But I couldn't hear you. I'm sorry. I said... She's upset about the election. Have a great day, sweetheart. Yes. Okay. Say how to the Queen. While those brits, I told her they'd get drunk and they'd make a lot of noise. Too much, to much pamphlet. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60. On the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. And you do realize that mentioned this before I'll see it again. That so many people from this country, they travel abroad and they go to England. Why? Because they're speaking with them. So we think. And because these people are so afraid to go into another country. They don't speak our language. What am I going to do? How am I going to get by? Very, very scary to me. Here's what Latterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. I'd like to talk about one of the most dangerous enemies in the United States has. Yes, sir. The Federal Reserve System. Oh boy. Let me tell you something. The Federal Reserve System, as many of your listeners may not know, is a privately owned corporation. And ever since the founding fathers took over this, ever since the founding fathers started this country. Yeah. They fought to gain control of American, the issue of America's currency from privately owned central banks. And each ever since Madison, all the founding fathers warned that the issuing powers should be taken from the banks and restored to the people of Whipropoli belong. And as long as we can tell you to talk about, excuse me, as long as we can do you to talk about what you're depotist who's president and all the rest of this crap. And they all to talk about who is issuing a currency. Oh, these are those day-all purchases of time-winter. Go ahead, I'm sorry. As long as we, you know, contain a, to be distracted by these various other distractions, we'll never get rid of the central government by Adam Routes. We're just talking about cutting taxes. That's a joke. You won't be able to do it unless the flow reserve system allows the situation. Yeah. I mean, all the great standards going to fight for him, the parameters of what you can and what you can, and what you can, I do at this time. If these cuts taxes too much, the economies should rule the group like a guy who I can get. So reserve the, if they can, it's a great legislation to rule. We're going to be heard then. All those Republicans out there that, uh, that, uh, that same folks that, the American is in, it's a couple of more of it. And the ones that's going to be heard, I am writing about interest rates because, yeah, it's really really sad. Yeah. I'm driving with all the central bank deal, the federal reserve is nothing so, I didn't need our other reserves. Now I'm going to start to deal with his five sixty WDQM. A Neil Roger show, sports radio, five sixty, two, a half. You got a general flaw. Oh, oh, oh, where's Roodle? I can't find Roodle. Uh-oh, Kevin, say boy. Who's that Renee Roodle? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Who doesn't ring me, Roodle? Hey, what's that over the flag? It's real terrible. I don't know, I can take that to a no. No, the rings are gone out and they got diarrhea. Who's this, the rings are gone? Who's this, the rings are gone? Who's this, the rings are gone? Who's this, the rings are gone? Hey, what's that up in the sky? Get it over here. I'm gonna wait now, it's the right here. We see you, we see you. You say, you're a guy, diarrhea. I'm gonna wait. Who's this, the rings are gone? Who's this, the rings are gone? Who's this, the rings are gone? Who's this, the rings are gone? Who's this, the rings are gone? I've heard that big poll on your front lawn. It wasn't Cuban, it was just reindeer done it. I think maybe they were like Cuban reindeer? Five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line, thousands and thousands of chickens of open lines here. Hundreds, two hundred and nineteen votes on our pool. I'm not gonna go in there. It's this there if you want to vote on it fine. If not, good. Here's the mobile and vote. They need to, I got two points for you. One is, go Michigan State Men's Basketball. And secondly, you ever heard of the phrase, no taxation without representation? No, what? No tax aid, yeah. Yeah, I hear the video. Well, there you go. I don't have to pay taxes this year. All right. Okay, it was a more busy every fourth week. Five six seven, oh five sixty, pound five sixty on the AT&T. I try and attend you people, cut the crap, cut the freaking crap already. Life is gonna go on. Regardless of which one got in there was gonna be no better roses. The roses made fell a little worse now for a while. And life is gonna go on. And all you're doing is falling right in the line with all those Republicans have been saying about being a bunch of winters. Cause you're starting to irritate the crap out of me now. Now I'm gonna take my own private pool. Who's irritating me most these winters or that jacked off from sales this morning? Without a whirling performance of his. Me, me. And be sure to take that picture down from the Bowden Board. The one with him and his kids and that pathetic letter. How to follow a picture? Yeah. Here's a mobile and cook on a creek. Come on. Okay. I have something for the lady who has the daughter with the door. Reef and ship in London. Yeah. I read the book. Beautiful book. Claw marks and angles. The toilet doesn't work. Didn't work in Russia. She didn't work. She didn't work. You missed the whole point. She's not saying that it worked. You didn't even understand what she was talking about. I do understand it. I really, I really, really do understand. No, you don't. But I'm telling you, doesn't work. It doesn't work. It doesn't work in China. We're 4%. Oh, go, go get a life where you say. Then this guy's so stupid. And right away, she's a communist now. That wasn't the point she was trying to make you bozo. Man. He calls the tell us that communism doesn't work. Thank you very much. See, you know what's happening now? And as Egypt drawn in with this crap. Just like that's fortunate. They called him in the go that was rambling about the federal reserve. What they're audacious trying to do now, they're trying to segue from the election. And now we're going to go back to being a W. You're going to be a W. Show again. Is that going to happen? No. No. Over my dead body. Okay. Not going to happen. Can our freaking life communism doesn't work? Five, six, seven. You know, you, one more word like that and you will be deported before the weekend. You've got to cut the crap mister. Of course, you know, you can be down there with Ali. I'm things going to be worse. Although you would be missing you happy me. You want to weigh out and take them with me. Get a carry out. Here's a mobile and a four-later deal. Hello. Hey, how you doing, Mr. Rogers? I'm doing okay. I have a couple of quick things to say. First, I just don't understand how you are veteran. It's 20 plus years in the radio. Can I find anything more interesting to talk about than George Bush being elected for President United States? Uh-huh. I just don't understand why is it that you... How do I look? I'm looking at you, something. What do you think you're fooling somebody? What is it talking about? What is it that you want to talk about? Since that's what I'm not talking about. What is it you want to talk about? Neil, I've been listening. Yeah, huh. Go play with your boyfriend. Okay, asshole. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Hope everything comes out okay for your pal. Here's your field, hello. Yes, I want to comment last night after the two speeches. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Let's take an instant poll, which was the biggest asshole last two colors I guess. Oh yeah, it was the one from Broward. Yeah, she'll straighten it all out. Here's a mobile and what's con bee, chill out. Neil. Yes sir. Nice to be saying like listen. Don't get it whose in-school then get in straight days. And is he reading the comments manifesto? Did I what? Okay, go ahead. Well, anyhow, it's been a straight day student. She does it in a math class and the teacher is a first year math teacher who used to be the teacher for the kids I could not speak well. In other words, bywing wolves, they're so have it. Kid can understand now all of a sudden she's getting a little passing grade. If my case, which would be under a sea, she had a deal last time. They won't let me take her out because she can understand. I check her homework, teacher says it's good. And I check it in and it's wrong. Yeah. Thanks for Justin. Any suggestions about what? I haven't been able to understand what you're talking about. He's saying the teacher is incompetent. The teacher was supposed to be a communicator for different math, etc. For kids that could not speak well. Well, you're trying to say the teacher is Hispanic, is that what you're trying to say? Yeah. Okay. Well, move to North Carolina. And wait about six months. They'll follow you right up there. 560560, Pomp 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. Same old, tired, song, same old, brilliant, terminal crap. No speaking English. What are we going to do about these specs? Pa, pa, pa, pa, pa, pa, pa, pa, pa, pa. Man, these people were me out, but I'll still take the guy down, money. How do you like that? Here's a mobile in ACDC, hello. Hey, hey, hey, are you doing a long time to talk to you? Okay. Maybe some might look yourself up here, but listen, I'm listening on the radio here. We've, after you're indeed, we've already forgot about it. We were not in the next thing. You know, I looked off board, I'm originally from there, but you got to get a grip, man. Well, they're never going to get a grip. That's all they know from is they're pissed off about the election, even if they're man one. And one of those specs, going to step speaking Spanish, that's all they know. You know, I have my photo license still, and every time I pull it out, it's like embarrassing. You know what the alien thing is, it's like you know. Yeah. Unbelievable. You know, I know you love Europe and everything, but I lived there for a few years, and you know, we have we do have a good thing going on here. If we could just walk, you know, work it out. Well, what does that mean we have a good thing going on here? What is that? You know, to interest structural wise, I think it's just, you know, I lived in southern Italy, and it's just, it was like pre-war or two. I mean, you know, it's nice to go down to the 7-11. Oh, sub 7 Italy is the end of the end of the end of the end. Up and down there. Sir, can I say something? Can you, you don't know, can you hear me? Yeah, can you hear me? The one is that every time I start changing something, you just keep talking. Well, I'm on a cell, so it's kind of difficult. Okay. Well, it's southern Italy is not exactly the barometer of what Western Europe saw above. No, it's not. I'll, you know, I have an apartment in Amsterdam, and I can go downstairs, walk right next door to the new stand, and get all the coaxons, so does whatever I, although, is a cigar, cigarette, whatever it had I want. Yeah, you write about that. It's like, anything. It's like, you know, chocolate and a few of it. I'm sure the store is on over 24 hours, but it's just like our back. It was nice to be back and, you know, I thought, well, I've blocked my apartment. There's, there's a convenience store that's open to a tour clock in the morning. Yeah, well, the answer to the answer is nice. I like it, although, you know, it's a little, uh, rocking when you first get off the train there, the train station, and you see that little part there, and it's kind of things that I go on. But if you can get past that, well, well, well, what things are going on in a park? Well, I got there. It was like, you know, a lot of, uh, good to review a lot of, just, you know, things that you normally don't see when you first get to, get to America. Oh, you know, what kind of drug you, what kind of drug you, what kind of drug you, what kind of drug you, what kind of drug you, you're talking about? What kind of drug you, you're talking about that you say goes on outside? Well, I'm not going to let out that, it's all too. I'm going to grow, you know, doing heroin and strong out, and it's just, you know, you can't, you just come into my hanging and say, hey, there's a whole thing. I hate to break that rock here or you're an idiot. First of all, I've been an Amsterdam probably a hundred times. I have like a prominent Amsterdam. I've been right. How about more than you will ever be if you live to be 500. I've never seen anybody doing heroin out in the street. You almost never see anybody as you call it strong out in the street. And even pot most people smoke at a coffee house on the inside. Once in a while, you'll see somebody smoke and enjoy outside. And you know, nobody pays any attention because it's not a big deal. They're not a bunch of overgrown children like America. Well, he must have one of the best cell phones, or like I said, they can't really hear us. Or maybe he's just a rude prick. Here's wife, then, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, now, how are you? Okay. I just want to give a quick view of this whole thing. And you know, something I'm trying to figure out, which is, which I'm more excited about as an American, the happy meal or those seven elevens? Oh, seven elevens. Yeah, that's true. I just want to say, uh, F Bush, F Gore, F Ilion, and F Me for being stupid to live in this dysfunctional state. And I hope you have a nice day. Okay. Thanks for your effort in the brilliant comment. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. He's about the third color I've had, at least, who gives me a so must be hallucinating. Oh, yeah. He's been asked to name it all this rampant drug use and these terrible things that are happening. Run out of the open. Well, these people must have gotten some bad mushrooms when they were there. That's got to be it. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, hi, do a meal. Okay. These colors, these are crazy. Exactly. Oh, he's going to be called next hour. But I'm saying, for everyone does need to get out of me, I get a hold on this. We really don't need to hear about this. I'm tired of hearing about all this stuff. Bush did score that. Oh, God. Yeah. Yeah. We finally got our fewer, I think we should just go ahead and, uh, Yeah. And get out with life. But, um, how's the stock stock going there? 560, pound, 560, oh, isn't that sad? Isn't that sad? Now, there's a, uh, a classic example of a guy who has absolutely nothing, nothing to say. And he's getting tired of hearing about it. And then he repeats it for like about 10 seconds. What it is he's tired of hearing about. And then he goes into a, he has absolutely nothing to say. And obviously has no life because he's waited. If he waited more than five seconds, which he waited a lot longer than that, to get on the year for that. Sir, please, please, going to search party organized. Before they get stuck tonight, before sundown, get a search party. You go out there and find the life. I'm begging you, just a semblance of one. Maybe you'll see some people doing heroin out there in the park. See, one of the reasons you wouldn't see that in Amsterdam is that the heroin addicts, they round them up and they have a special place way outside of town where they take them all and supply clean needles so they don't want to push spreading all kinds of disease. And they deal with it intelligently as a health problem and not as a criminal problem. But anyway, I just mentioned it in passing. Here's Fort Lauderdale, hello. Good afternoon, sir. Yes, sir. I just have a couple of things to say. First of all, Rosengain, number one. And probably the happiest person that Bush won was a Madam President, Hillary. She's psyched for four years from now. 560, 505, 60, pound, five, 60 on a AT&T. And for lunch and wireless limbo, we have an epidemic. I'm telling you, Castro has got to have that woodpecker. He's got to be a maybe's gotten a slingshot. And he's just, uh, I'm going to back in the fourth because it's definitely making an impact up here today. In fact, I feel like I'm getting overwhelmed with shot. 560, 505, 60. I mean, the idea of running Hillary Clinton, they woman despised. I mean, reviled by the majority even the women in this country is so ludicrous. And I'll say it again. I think the Democratic Party is, I've lost touch with it. So they've lost touch with me. I'm, I'm running away. I'm going to find whatever. I don't just eventually were quit the reform party because they came up with a Nazi for their candidate. But whatever he's going to be, I'm following him. Write down the road to sanity. Because you Democrats were sitting here whining and mowning in all the other bullcraft. What the hell do you have to offer? A cigar store engine and the ice princess. That's your idea of what you want for leadership for this country. Give me that tape. I haven't brought it in. I want it now. 26 past noon at 560 WDQA. I've got two sets of lids. Oh, what the do-be-est-to-why can't I find you? I'm so sick of looking bad. I'm thinking I might do. I'll bet I'm because I'm lying there 500 bucks. I think this is how small they get down a day. A day or two will go. I was set to pay. I heard they had PlayStation 2 down at the VK. I'd jump right in my car and I didn't do a store. But when I got there some kids said, we ain't got no more. Oh, what the do-be-est-to-someone tell me why. I checked at the Bradley's and I looked out at the vibe. They just lay in water, shame, honesty, and me. No PlayStation 2, they share under my Christmas tree. No help me, kids. They're fleas, I'm bowing on my knees. Sorry, son, no PlayStation, but he is a log of cheese. What a mess, major stress, this I must confess. I guess I'll have to get another pomper truck from head. But there's another log of cheese for a George. Right out of the tree. Speaking of toys, our good friend David Greenfax is me. This about the view sonic VP W420 plasma display TV 42 inches. Cell price that only hang on tight and only a mirror 10,000,000,000,000, and 50 bucks. So start you guys my Pinchers and David you're a great guy, but no, not this way. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, on the AT&T and for Ryan's and Marles Line. Roger, cos second, a red of on brown or sand. Voters and a lack of a fish. Here's Hollywood, hello. Yes sir. Yes, hi. I am a little bit terrian. You're a one? A little bit terrian. Why is that? Well, do you enjoy wasting your time? Well, I don't vote if I live a time part of it because I know they'll never win. But the conservative part is a Republican party. It's better than the Democratic party. They both the same, but I'd rather have the Bush, you know, Bush and the White House than out for. And I know you have a lot of comments here. Very smarty. You can give a good answer, but what? What was your answer to the last call that talked about the federal reserve? Thanks. Sir, get some help. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Not only are they trying to turn it into a dubious news show, but they want to go back to the days of the trial at our commission. And the illuminati and the Burrbiber. Eeeeh. Man. Since they finally made those speeches last night, I think they opened up the Dermers like when Reagan got in. And they opened the door to Medellin, institutions and everybody out to save us a lot of money. Because who the hell wants to take care of them? I think they've done it again. Here's Miami. Hello. I'm Matt is hell, and I'm not going to take it anymore. Yeah. No, it's just that it's driving me crazy. Really? What is it? What's driving you crazy? Because the judicial fiat is going to be... Well, what do you mean you're supposed to conceive? Were you running? Well, no. But I have a lot of out-bork and seated last night, it's all over what's going to get a life. I'm not going to listen to it. You're just wasting your time. If it makes you feel better to get hung up on, be my guest. Wouldn't do the first time. Maybe the 10 million time doesn't bother me. And at least makes me feel fine hanging up on people. They just won't listen. They're going to take over the show. And no matter what I tell them, they're going to keep talking about it. And the answer is still... No. No. Get over it. They stole the election. It was a fixed election right from the get-go. And just like I also told you, remember, seven and over and over. This state, this penis of ours. This was going to be where the whole thing was decided. Because this co-incidently got to brother up there and tell a-hassie. And the secretary of Bush and all these other grandstands are the fixed-mazin. So get over it. And stop whining already. You'll survive it. We survived eight years of Reagan. Four years of pop-abush. We survived the moron, Jerry Ford. We survived the Lemming Jimmy Carter. We'll get over it. Life goes on. And the FDC just to prove the AOL time Warner deal. So what are you complaining about? And the next actually, down 20 points, and how's the... How's the doubt doing? Come on. Flip it on there. Well, not 160. See things you're looking at George. What are you talking about? We're only down 20 on the next day. Now that Bush is in. I think it has to do with that federal reserve, if he has to be. Here's why I said hello. I don't know. Okay. Just subject for you. I was watching the FPN last night outside the lines. And they had a thing with the University of Vermont, Hockey team, a hazing incident. Well, they're very, very old. So we had that month ago. Are you there? Uh-huh. So just talking about the coconut creek incident. How come the principal and the athletic director haven't been held accountable? And where is the higher education? These people didn't know that that was going on. They know what was going on. So where are these people being held accountable? Our principal and our athletic directors are... They're not... They're not. They slept the coach on the wrist. They give him a 10 day suspension. And that's the end of it. Employees will be boys. That's terrible. That's what we should be concerned about right now. It's our higher education right now. Higher education. What about our lower education? We don't have any education here. Let's tell. We just moved out to West End and they already are schools are Fusting at the scene. Right. Both the golden of the high school. You've got Western high school, which has five or four different Annex's where you got kids going all over the place. Supposedly they lost their accreditation. We're promised the new high school out here. And nothing's being done about it. Well, you're... You're... You're... You're... You're... You're... You're... We want a lot more old people. Obviously. Good luck, you sir. Thank you, me help. God bless America. A lot of talk, a lot of empty rhetoric about all year. Yeah, the schools and education and it's a number of priority. But, Lonnie, or Lonnie, you can't complain about the education in America because there is Ninnie. Let him run a school in the Crohnson. What's wrong with that? Well, I want to school. I walked 40 miles through the snow. Yeah. Uh-huh. Well, I walked like, at least a block in a half this school in the snow. Right off on the corner, 40-living to a candidate with New York, baby. Right on the corner, 40-living to a mainstream candidate with a candidate with a candidate with a good school too. Yeah. I mean, they produced me. Uh-huh. What more do you need? Here's my me, Lake Solo. How are you doing today, Neil? From Mendus. Oh, there's got a call about what he sees in Amsterdam, Ethan Azo. He's a jackass. Who's most more crack than anybody in the goddamn world of America? I think he's got a crack problem. I'm telling you, who's most young I don't have. And who invented goddamn drugs America? That's right. You know what I'm saying? That's the American fucking way. Right. Exactly man. And you know I want to tell you the biggest winner of this election is damn leave him. He got six more years and he doesn't give a damn about our goal. That's right. He knew they didn't have a child of his kids. Tell him you leave him in the smart. Yeah. He's smarter than one more thing. You know what? He's the smartest. I hate George Bush with all my guts. But I tell you what. I rather George Bush run the damn America with some friggin' bow than our goal. That's a pussy foot. He's a big time pussy man. You see? I'm telling you. Stop. Maybe that's the problem. I always wonder what it was about him. Maybe he's just a big pussy. That's all I'd rather jump. I hate W. W got the ball than you ever had. He's got a pair of man. Now if he only had a brain, we'd really be in good shape. We're like this. Okay. Have a nice day. I got my picture. Sam's still in my hand. But if I get yourself a real photographer. I don't stop playing amateur photographer. Did anybody get a hold of him? Did you have to get a hold of him? Because I want those keys on. Those are those. Those are those. That's true. I would actually get anything accomplished. Yeah. One to this talent. We want the keys. They know. You'll get them. Yeah. I'll come home. Someday. Some way. Uh. 20 to be for 150 WQM. The Neil Roger show. Sports radio. 560. Xi's. The banana republic. Maybe only in Miami. Our gosh. It's on the Christmas. How monster dig up a Christmas. I was to dig up a Christmas. You know, I want New Year. How monster dig up a Christmas. I was to dig up a Christmas. How monster dig up a Christmas. Give the 5 on New Year. Oh! 17 till one is 560 WQM. I just, uh, we were came back to me that I had used to describe him throughout the entire campaign. This ingenuous, that's the word. That's something of Al Gore. Last night he sang, Rorms and Seer, like almost a real human being in that consistent speech. But up until last night, the word that I used to describe him, I think, fit like a rubber glove. This ingenuous, which is one of the many reasons that he lost. Oh, my talking about that again. Here's, uh, where is this? Western. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Well, I don't know anybody but anyway. Neil, uh, you know, I'm here in where? In Miami. Oh, that's it. But the same itself. I'm gonna line it to me. It's my figure problem again. Neil, this is all the same crap. But anyway, Neil, I'm just, you know, I'm glad it happens. This situation is over with, you know, we suffer enough through this and, uh, thank Neil God, I think God, you know, that, uh, that's all over. The people here on my job can you tell you the last episode. We will have a share of this request, sir, please. Yes. Only the sprint piece you have to go for all of them and then again, I told it. And we really appreciate it if you've played a for you. Okay, you've got it. Okay. See. Where'd I'm not gonna find that, George? What's on one of these? Yeah, recently. Okay, I'll find it. Just hang on tight. Three, three, three back. Is it? No, no, that's my case. Got you, guys. How about 178? What is that called? About something phone scan? Hmm. It's not on 178. I realize this isn't very exciting. We're looking for the end, but that he wanted to hear. But you know something, so I'm more interesting than most of the calls I've had today. What do you winers out there? Go find yourself some macaroni and cheese. How about 179? What are you saying? Sure. I don't know. When it helps me to get a few people on order in this. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 5, 6, 6, 5, 6, 6, 6, 6, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless. Here's Weston, hello. Hi, David. What's the line? Yes sir. I've got a comment first. I want to ask you a very important question. I spoke with you. But I was watching the news tonight. And I noticed the protests are out in Washington. They had a sign that said a million words. And the protests were the sign that stated, So we're losing them. And it just sticks with me because it just, But you mean that's the first time you've seen that sign? That was the first time. I was going to come up with those signs for weeks now. Well, I didn't see until then. Like I said, I used to turn off the, The afternoon, I've been turning off the last few days before you actually conceded because I was getting tired of hearing about it. It was just getting old. I'm glad it's over. But I want to ask you a question. I say for every, every bit of advice you get. You give. Everybody to be on vice tonight. What were you talking to radio? You did a lot of advice. You speak very experienced and like itself. And I want to ask you a question. I actually told my business here recently. And I'm looking to move. I was wondering if you could suggest a place that is, if these places are live. If you have a little bit of freedom. I'm not like you. I can't go to Europe. I'm not that rich. But you know, I can go with them with them in your bag of steak. Oh. Well, that cuts it way down then. Well, see how that's going to kick one out of the hat. What would it be? Well, I mean, just to say, just pick up and move. I don't understand that. I don't know how people do that. I mean, you just don't get it. Well, I have a real estate company. I sold it just recently. Yeah. I'm based on looking to open up shops and where else. But other than Florida. Well, if you don't care about the weather, I would say Boston. Well, I actually have a friend of mine who lives in Southbridge. And he told me, uh, it's actually a great market right now. So, yeah, you said that. There you go. Like, read my mind. Neil, closing. I've been on the way before the sun hits. Hey, and closing Neil, remember there are no facts in the church. Okay. Goodbye. Hmm. 56050. 560. I can't find that damn thing. You know what? What the hell is that thing called? 178 wasn't that signifying? This looks good some good time. No, I don't pray that damn music. Jesus Christ. That sounds like, uh, Jerry Antis. It sounds like a sandy peatting thing. Well, here's what I don't have a q-sheet. That's good. Well, that's probably the one that's on. Let's just play all the cuts from there. Maybe it's on one of those. 560505060. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Our topic today is. Me. Me. Me. Me. I'm embarrassed for you. I'm embarrassed for an awful lot of you. Grow up. The man. Take it like a man. Take it like an adult. Remind me of like, if you went on vacation, and you left your house open in your front door. Just wide open. And you came back and you said, Oh, do you somebody stole all my crap? That's what this reminds me of. Those burglar's were bastards. Yeah. How dare they? Like, they had a big billboard on a front lawn. Everything's unlocked to doors open. Come on in. Take what you want. Oh, gee. They ripped me off. They stole it. I can't find that thing. Here's a mobile and proper pun, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. How are you? Great. I'm just talking about living in Europe. Hello? Yes, sir. Yes. I live in Europe for a long time. And the quality of life that compared to its totally, you get paid as the shangers lead and there. Don't you think so? I run that fire me again. This is a shameless waitaliff. Yeah, here in America. But what's going on in everything? Compared to the afternoon room, and maybe the people live over there. Yeah. It's a shameful waitaliff. Yeah. Second. I said, have a great day. I quit squeaking at damn cheer around so much. It's your squirming around a lot. I don't, I can't find it. And I'm not going to stop looking for it. I'll stumble across it. One of these days, I'll play it again for you. Sir, when I find it. Is that something? I would say to that guy, it's probably his unlucky day to go to call me there. Because I can't find it anything. I have scarred to every one of the reason this. And I know what days that long ago. It's probably on one doesn't have a q-sheet. Well, let's get to tape. Five six. Now, five six, seven, five, six, six, six. You pound five, six. On the AT&T. All I can say to that about that Peter Leonard. One thing. This is about the nicest thing I can say. Wait, does he have a lot of cuts, sir? Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Going once. Miami's gone, which can't be all bad. Here's a mobile and deer field, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Yeah, all right. Great. I want to go. You're happy about the cut and see or what? Don't care. Go care. Just like, go. What are the scushing it to remove it on the other side? Yeah, I can see it. The track last night. Yeah. What happened? Because I wasn't there. Oh, well, you watched the game. Yeah. Interesting. And, yeah, I got a request. One more thing. Just request the mandate to be handed to bits today. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. Pound five, six, the on the AT&T. You were rising more of a slung. Yeah, the woodpecker on the old days. Yeah. Yeah. What did you eat today? Yes. Hey, listen, you know, a good place to live. What about a restaurant when you go to Vegas? You should do like a, and what about a good seven, 11? Yeah, they got to call them up to seven, 11, what a neat way to live in this is, because we've got all this convenience and we have a seven, 11. Oh, thank heaven for seven, 11. That's all I can say. In fact, every time I walk outside and Amsterdam, I think of myself, yeah, this is this sucks. 11 here. Although right up the street for me about a block and a half from the apartment right to even before you get to Albert Hein, you know what I call Albert seems to be pretty crappy a grocery store, super market. There's a very nice convenience store that opens at five in the afternoon. It's open till two in the morning. And I don't know about you, but generally speaking, three, four o'clock in the morning, and my head is on the pillow and I'm sleeping. I'm not looking to go to the convenience store. Here's the lady mobile, and probably doing heroin. Here's the lady in the North Miami Beach, hello. Yeah, you know, when we talk about the Republican feeling that's a lecture. 560, 560, pound 560 on here. You know, I'm going to go in the hearing aid business because we got more deaf people in this town. I'm not talking about your goddamn election lady. You get it, you understand it. You got it? No. The line is drawn in the sand right here. I just took my big finger. My big fat middle finger, and I drew a line in the sand. And I'm not talking anymore about the election being the store in about Republicans and Democrats and girls and Bruce, it's over. Ever. Get a freaking life. I'd rather talk about alien. I'd rather buy on a hat in the ill and send it to them. Because the way this show is going today, my next meal is going to be an unhappy meal. All the course it's going to be a mommy, so it probably will be anyway. Just a joke, ma'am. Anyhow, it's through the ex-outs. Oh, yeah. And you don't have to worry about any big splice in the toilet. I took care of that this morning right here at work. See, that was bad that I was in there doing that. Because if I would have been here, I could have seen that hole. I missed it. I missed a good stuff. I missed that outrageous, grotesque unaccepted performance by the biggest asshole in our sales department. Nothing I want to mention is name. Great. There's been a lot of cuts by Peter Pomeon institution soon before it's too late-lended. Here's Boca. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Good. I just heard your little discussion about the election. 560, 50560, pound 560 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. That's our number, toll free. Out of town line is open, 877-785-6345. Here's Del Rey Beach, hello. You know, it's totally the game on our own. I don't think it touched on the ship, but have you read anything about the deregulation of the power and forna? deregulation of the power and forna? Yeah, they're talking about deregulating it. And for my, for my words, seem like a kind of a really good to be released. Well, hopefully, they'll enable you to buy yourself a phone that works. That will be good. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Can you hear that woodpecker? Yeah, I'm calling. I have a message for you, Neil. Do you remember probably an exact complaint? Yeah. Well, he was in town over the weekend to the governor's meetings. Yeah. Try to get you. This is father calling. I'll even tell Ray. Yes, sir. He brought it to Wishy, Mary Chris, but... Well, you told my son the same to him. He's doing great up there in Columbus and we must have a good news. Well, I'm glad he tried to throw three times. They get you, but he couldn't hang in so much. I tell him, you're my message for me for a me. Tell him that Marty Strocker said hi to. Where he's trackers? Marty Strocker. Great, I will. Thanks, very much. Okay, tell him I have a good one. Bye-bye. Bye-bye. There's Alcy Hastings saying... I'm a friend of him. Yeah. Well, I'll boy. You talk about another media hound this guy. He's been under this round. Everybody will look. I got... And I like him. I mean, especially since he got out, you know. But he just... Nonstop. Alcy and Jesse and Alcy and Donnie and Jimmy and Danny. Just never stops. Let's go back to the Jimmy and Danny stuff. What are you saying? Those are the good old days. Here's a mobile and timer pie, and tell him. Hi, yeah. Yes, sir. All the same years. Very good. Anyway, I don't know where to go. And of course, I do that every day. Tell people where to go. They are what you're talking about. Listen, boss was a great city in the day long time. And I just wanted to share a joke with you that I'm going to go more. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless 1. As we continue just roll along. We made a record for calls today. We made a 40,000. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, New High, you're doing for a color. I just want to say that all those people, because I have myself no party affiliation. I usually just go with the flow and do, you know, go with whoever I like. And the people that share my views. But it's all those people out there who are whining. Look, if history is taught as anything, it's that. When a president is elected, usually the congress goes the other way in the next two years, it happened every time it happened in 1951 with Eisenhower. So the rally people whining don't give up hope, you know. I don't understand why the people are getting all crazy about it. The real message is get a life. Not a question. Don't give up hope. Get a life. Yeah, you know what I mean? I mean, come on. Nothing's going to change because the only reason they're all whipped up of others because it's been on television 24 hours a day for weeks on end. And the media controls their minds. Whatever the media tells them is important. They get all immersed in it. And they, you know, they had an interesting thing in the other day about the poll, the surveys they go into shopping malls and they ask people, the overwhelming majority of the people in this country couldn't name more than one. If one of these Supreme Court justices until all this came around. And now all that damn request and that's coming. Yeah, because it's been on TV 24 hours a day. The American people are so easily programmed that it's terrifying. Terrifying, frightening. This is what you will be concerned about. This is what's important. And you will be obsessed with it until we tell you until we pull the plug. Well, guess what? I just pull the plug. 274 votes on our thing today on our poll. And they say, yeah. This is 560 QAM. 430560 WAM Miami Fort Lauderdale, a measly broadcast group state. WAM.com for the work. It's been on to 2 hours. And then I was confident that I'd tell you that AT&T is new with calling plans. That's a simple fire calling and we'd be sure to follow Bill. Who are you again? AT&T. AT&T. And you're calling for what? I'm telling you that I knew with calling plans. You knew with calling plans. Just say. Go ahead. Okay. Well, I'm here at AT&T. And I guess that we do have a calling plan. That's a simple fire calling. You sure follow Bill. If you don't mind me asking. Well, you don't mind me. I'm on the toilet. Well, I'm talking to you. Okay. What's up? What's up? What's up? What's your question, okay? What kind of line does this kick? Hello? Do you have? We must use AT&T. I don't know. I think so. It'll be a better talk for me to call on that. What? It'll be a better talk for me to call her back. No, I, I, you got to talk to me because I had before. And the bathroom and I don't want to get up and hang it up. So keep talking to me. Tell me more about your deals. Okay. So you say, you think you're with the 38. Oh, you're thinking of the RS brand? What? What? What? What? What? What? You think you're with the RS brand or AT&T? Something like that. I feel like that. Okay. Do you know what kind of way to come to getting? Hello? Do you think you're with the RS brand or AT&T? Something like that. I feel like that. Hello? Do you prefer to roll it up or do you want it? Hey, you're expecting it at one more time? Uh, I'm making a poopy. Do you, you make a poopy? Hello? Hmm. When did I have to order 550 WQM? Now, here's a classic example. And even the facts are the same thing. They're all the same to a word that I'm saying. They got their one agenda out there. Here's somebody, facts. These five pages. Waste five pages. They're a 15 trees down to put these five pages here. Supreme Court does this. But above, uh, and the note on the front pages. Can you please read this article for your listeners? Oh, keep up the good word. Thanks. They just don't listen. They'll have their own agenda. I think it's that club that lock box closet, homosexual agenda, if you ask me. 567.050. 560. 560. On the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I think part of the problem is that, uh, the problem. Part of the problem where people can't let it go is because you're like the only guy out there who, uh, exposes, uh, the point of view of, uh, of a, of a lot of us that we got screwed. Okay. So we got screwed. And it's over. What are we going to do? Keep looking at our wounds and crying over spilled luck forever. You have to move forward. What's in it? Talk about it. I don't know about you, but, uh, I, uh, I, my philosophy's always been, uh, to, uh, to get even. Right. And, uh, I was really, uh, peed off yesterday. You had this, uh, fat, who you called you? And he thought, you know, he was fat. Yeah, you're right. He did sound fat. He sounded like a jerk. He sounded like a jerk. And, uh, uh, if you had, I would love to kick his ass for you, man. Okay. Because he was a big, big, big, mighty goat. Okay. George has his number. I'll give you the address. And go down there and kill you and the, look at brought to go down on kick his ass. Big fat, spick. 560, 750, 50, probably just smoking big cheap cigars, too. Not even good ones from next. How those cigars coming at you with the cone? They were great. I got some of these human over here. Oh, do you? I might even take one of those. I'll smoke it at mommy's house just to piss you off. 560, 750, 50, 50, pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Yeah, I feel so much better. And I was sitting up straight and not squeezing my kishki's in here against this board on this, make believe a studio we got here. Here's a mobile and sunrise. Hello. Hey, Leo. Yes, sir. How about them, Yankees? Me, me, one. Well, you want to take a sub? You want to talk about Facebook? Oh, come on. No. Why, why, why, why, why, why, why, talk about baseball? Baseball, Baseball, it's finished. Well, it's better on the stupid election. Let's also tell you, let me say it again. Baseball is finished. It's history. It's over. Especially here. Well, what, what could we watch? Converse with the former sports show and talk about baseball, okay? Soundtrusted, they are. 560, 750, 560, pound, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. All call from this, Darrell. Hello. Yes, sir. I'll request, if it's okay. Yes. How about certain our bench in Delray? I'd request for the song or request for the act. Okay. See if that's how it's going to get over there. He's in a sterile life, a Yamama. Like Yamama is in heaven. My wife is the guard who is in the world. She drives my door and she's deep in control. Yeah, I heard you the first time. Hold on. Hold on. What do I do about it? Might as well know. What a play, Margot. I'm not a loser. Well, he wants to hear from the beginning. You don't want to hear like the last 10 seconds of it. Plus that'll kill better times. You better learn Mr. Sucer, a better way to kill time. Now, how are we going to know what we come back on here? This seems to be a regular thing lately, you know? Have you had a little radio back there? I'm not going to fart around with a radio. All you get is like buzzing and puking on it. Kind of like if you're on 441 the same way before we're on the air. In other words, we have to monitor on the radio to find out if we're on the air or not. You got a better idea? Yeah, I'm just in here and wait. Somebody will tell us I guess. Or not. Is the case maybe? We'll just see what we do this. How many spots should we run during this? All of them? Okay. Back to back. We'll pull an Allen bird for us to see. Okay, we're back on the air. Thank you so much, sir. Woo! Wow. Okay, so they go on in here. What? Biggie owes me now because I started this going with off the air. And I've kind of back in the beginning because it'll kill more good times this way. I'm sorry, why? Look, they're kind or the more. She drives my door and she's keeping me close. I wasn't right with her. No way. I said I do it there. Leave it to me. So I'm just sitting on a bench in the way. Waiting for the only place to take me away. All in the bench in the morning. It can go away. We'll find them. We'll play these times. We'll tell them I change. First the best days going away. Stay the same. All that kind of tool would never touch me to do. The time at her age, she must be in vain. Just begin resting my bones. When you're in my whitebone keep me alone. We've talked it over and I never will wait. We'll just wind up stepping through the morning again. Oh, so I zip on a bench in the rain. When you think boy, the only place to take me away. Only just 200 pages away. With my face, my heart. Oh, hey. There we are. So that's time. That's where's the old damn space? What the hell of you? What the hell are you doing? Thank you, Shima. I might be free to call it this. We had a very important bullet in the early encase you missed it. That is the communism doesn't work. Was he pathetic or what? And that was tragic. And of course, to show you the degree of paranoia that exist in certain segments of this community about communist the communist the communist the Don't ever call and tell us about that again, lady, because that can't probably want to go in. Vadingland. Comedy Bastards. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Yeah, that 20 blur. He seems like one of those comedy Pinko guys, at least a Pinko part. Even as they have to, one at 5, 60 WCQ. Oh, and the god. Oh, the reds from right Marshall delays. Headquarters in Washington, the Jim Baker singers. Oh, the god. Oh, the god. Oh, the god. Oh, the god. Oh, the god. Oh, the god. Oh, the god. Oh, the god. Oh, the god. Oh, the god. Oh, the god. Oh, the god. Oh, the god. Oh, the god. Oh, the god. Oh, the god. Oh, the god. Oh, the god. Oh, the god. Oh, the god. Oh, the god. Oh, the god. Oh, got a great option to chicken coopchtria here. Oh, a great option. Oh, yeah. Oh, a great option. I can help get back a. Come on to Santer5005, worthy at least. Oh, I have the great option to cook in. Oh, right. Well, she was talking about protecting the inventory. That's the inventory of Bush. We got Jebster, the Secretary of Bush, and I facted it, calling him some of the Democrat Bobby Butterworth. Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, Bob, in order to protect the integrity of every vote. But I just said it's the fox and the chicken coop. This is rubbing the salt in your womb. They're appointing a task force to examine the election procedures in the state of Florida so we won't have these problems again. This bitch is talking about protecting people. Are you saying that election crap again? No. Good. I want that tape. No, nothing's not showing it yet. Oh. Call the doctor. Yeah, there's that Bobby Butterworth. That kind of called yesterday at Bozo to show that the Democrat, just as stupid as Republicans. Oh, yeah. Bobby Butterworth for Governor and I in 2002, you were in that Jeb Bush. I'm just looking at Bob Butterworth and I'm getting ready to. Oh, man. Where goes that first, Tom? Let's write down the toilet. Fashes some of a bitch. And that's a compliment. So, you know, all the whining that goes on, start you see, I want to say something. This is the fairest statement that I can make as a lifelong Democrat. The Democratic Party has, they've got nobody to blame, but themselves. Nobody. Still and or not. Republican didn't pick out Gore. Republicans didn't like Bob Butterworth to return to general. The Republicans aren't to what he's picking a Ken Jenny in Broward County. So, if the Democratic Party can't come up with better candidates with candidates who A are qualified and be can win once in a while, then who, what's the point of blaming of a fist elections? Occurrenty right now, the third party is the only way to go. That's the only hope for this country. And I know that in 99% of you don't agree to a bad, you're wrong. Third party, not Ross for Rowe this little ears and talking in stupid cliches. Not Ralph Nader would have got the infand notes from my 60-core beer. No. A third party that really relates to a centrist down the middle party. Not some radical extreme white or extreme left like Pat Buchanan or Ralph Nader. Socialally liberal, conservatively, are eventually conservative. That's what we need. Oh, there's that John McKay. Yeah. Good job at basketball team, John. Here's a mobile in Miramar, hello. Actually, it's stationary. A meal. Yes, sir. You're absolutely right though. Third party all the way home. Hopefully we'll get that just even turn it again at the boot of those ex-self-fell games and one for president, you know what I mean? Yeah. Exactly. And, yeah. I mean, hey, deal. Do you think right, your next should pass them bring back some of that good weed from more than all right? You got to man. I get so for George too. Oh, here we go. All right. Yeah. Oh, geez. 560, 5050, 560 on the ATF. That's another thing. Any of these candidates advocating the legalization of marijuana? No, in fact, in fact, it was Clinton Gore that we're having an nervous breakdown. Was it the California law or Oregon, or American, or American, or was fighting it in court? Oh, you can't do that. Even medical bar to a baby. It's bad. You're just being gifted. Marry a law, a physician, a physician, a physician, a physician. I think we got a company for our ancestors and we've been through with central proc where each other people openly doing heroin, central park. Yeah. See, there's something that many of you also don't bother many things that most people don't understand, especially about me. One of them is, if you don't like Amsterdam, find. Don't ever go there. They have more than enough tourists. The economy's doing fine. So, ready to crowd it. If you don't like Germany, if you don't like Italy, if you don't like whatever. If you don't like Boston, you don't like Toronto. If you don't like Las Vegas, don't go there. I'm not here selling. I'm not here peddling. I'm just sharing my own personal opinions and experiences. And if you like it, find it if not. Hey, have a good time in Salt Lake City. Or wherever anyone you want to go. Have a good time in a wine decoit. I don't care where you're going to go. Well, whatever. But they, they get on the phone here. They argue, like, they're going to convince me. Like, oh, yeah, you're wrong, Neil. It's really terrible. Things that I saw. Yeah. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Mode in Miami, yes, sir. Oh, yes. Hey, I got a charger here. I'm kind of driving this big truck here. I got a request for that. Keep your car off the, uh, the keep your hands off the car, your MF. Okay. I would have done a long time. You got a man. All right. And keep your truck off the thing. Okay. Well, that was the, The car theft is on the rocks. The American, the car is stolen every 12 seconds. What can you do to protect your car? An expensive car alarm system won't protect your car from being stolen. The car will protect the valuable inside your car. But a big black guy named Ben can. You'd a word from the car, mother. For less than you pay for an expensive car alarm system, and even less than you pay for the club, you can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile. You'd a word from the car, mother. It's simple to use. Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out. And he does the rest. Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car Ben simply gets out of the car and tells them. You'd a word from the car, mother. Listen to these testimonials from people who used a big black guy named Ben. It's always nice to have someone to ride with, although he really doesn't say much. You'd a word from the car, mother. That's about it. I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with. It got into protect my car. It's the best investment I've ever made. My neighborhood isn't that great. There have been a lot of car thefts. I can't tell you how many times I've heard. It was from the car, mother. Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben protecting my car. Let's mostly better at times. Call now 1-800-1 big guy. That's 1-800-1-B-I-G-G-U-I. And instead of hearing this. You'll hear this. It was from the car, mother. It was 1-18 at 5.60 WC-U-I-M5-6705-60. Don't forget, specs, music, all over South Florida, the date barred Palm Beach, Naples, four buyers. Spectenus X got the best in the LCDs and cassettes, 20 bucks for a plant parenthood. And also I should mention that Pac-Mail at 965 North Navajo Road in the Windexy shopping center plantation has been kind enough to handle all of our shipping this year. And with the holidays here right now, if you're going to pack mail the ship, any packages, next year the argyards, they'll not 10% off everything in ship. And thanks again to them. Thanks to all the people who helped us out. Any checks today for me and the salespeople are rich your way in for a plant parenthood? No. Anybody in Managed Mexico is sending? No. Okay, just second. And also don't forget next Tuesday between 6 and 9pm will be at the pizza lock without our sales staff. That's right. Sales staff is uninvited. This is a party that everybody else is invited to and the sales staff is not. Except the people we like in sales, like Adam, Brian. 560560. Well, I'm thinking about it. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Yeah, yeah. Yes sir. Yeah, you do. Good. Look at a football. What's the good to take for my name? 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Well, you said a little bit of football. That was about it. It's better fact because there, you know, I haven't a pretty good year all over it's quite a last week's game. How about a little bit of what's Gary doing tonight? Hey, bro. Wrong thing. Okay, that's enough. Here's a call from somewhere. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Neil. Yes I am. My aminative. I moved away a couple years ago and it's great to be back in town visiting and hearing your lovely voice. Better group with. I agree with you completely. They have no one to blame but themselves. They had a year to find someone to be George Bush and they couldn't do it. And what was this guy? They couldn't do it. This guy had a loser branded on this forehead from the start. And he still wants. And then you leave him and I'm talking about the gore. Oh yeah. And the other thing is as far as I'm concerned, this country gets what it deserves. I can't think of a perfect person to represent America as you and I and most people will not most people but the people that know know how this country is. On idiot that can't name countries that doesn't know capital. Right. That made it much more. That's why I didn't say it all along. We, we dumb is where it's at in America. So why are we surprised that they elected a dummy as president? It's art and it's perfect and you get what you deserve. As long as you can drive your house, you'll be in take your kid to soccer practice and they're building prisons to throw people in there. Don't really care how happy meal. They have nothing to worry about. And the convenience stores. Yeah. Exactly. And blockbuster. Okay. Good luck, proud. Let's go. We'll take us away. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I keep telling you you got your priorities upside down. But that's up to you. If you want to continue being upside down, go right ahead. Kind of like my stock portfolio, Mitch. Upside down. How does stocks do? And let me get this boring new waters off of my set. Which I keep trying to look at that. That was down 105. And then I stepped down 38. I thought it was going to be, hey, on the way to San Jose. Wait there. I love there. Leave a lot bush, bush, baby. All you bush people. You better call up your broker and buy my money. For both hands. Get those stock prices up. I don't give it to him about those earnings reports. And all the other crap we're going to have a recession. You got to help our stocks go up. Buy my money. I'm so hurt until it bleeds until you don't have two nickels left to rub together. That was supposed to be the one silver lining in this very dark cloud. It's all the markets they want this. They want it. And all of a sudden they're taking another big. Right on our front lawn. Yes, he wasn't a Cuban that left that there. Maybe he was Maria Bartiromo. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Hello, I'm Neil. Yes, sir. Great show. I thought that you play a little while ago. The one with folks that found the toilet block is to the AT&T operator. I was so funny. What was that? I brought the footage speech. Yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah, like you said, that was so funny and you're not. 560, 50, 50, 50, pound, five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Oh, if I had a $10 bill for every more on this town. I'd be sitting in my apartment in Amsterdam right now. Smoke at a big fat one. Yeah, that's worth that. Let me tell you, I'm getting ready for lunch. Drugs and sex, drugs and sex. Here's a lady in four miles, hello. Hey Neil. Yes, man. Me again. Wait, wait, wait, wait. What do you mean it's me again? You called me today already? Yeah, I called him. No, no, it's not you again. 560, 50, 150, 150 King but once a show is enough. That's the limit, lady. lady, this isn't like your own personal little play toy, which I'm sure you've probably got one in drawer somewhere. Have a good time with it. Here's a mobile in Davy. Hello. Yeah, the meal. Yes, sir. I got this connected. I'm going to go on talking about football. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon line. Two back to back. That was good. Maybe we can come up with that pitching four miles. What are you saying? Uh-huh. And I should make it happen. They can rub the pigskin together. Here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. We all. Yes, sir. Why is it that George W. Can't look extra? 567560. Say, let me say it again. Two things. We're not talking about politics number one. No more in Lushon talk. It's over. It's history get used to it. And number just roll over and open one. And number two, I'm not talking anymore. People over the age of 100. See, that's another real benefit at the beginning of all of all those. Lushon crap is that all you own for. It's just like I said, they want to, they want to turn the clock back and have me do W's news all over again. The baby sitter for people over the age of 100 whose teeth are soaking in a glass. The answer is absolutely. No. No. No. Go on the backyard and look for the by hole in the ballot and lead me alone. That's my advice. And call out the goddess. George is girlfriend. So straight in the law for you. She'll be sufficiently indignant. I'm sure. God, and then the best part of it is like I said, the grandparents of people like this last guy, they're the ones who call her. That's your just favorite by the one. Yes, he's got her thumb on it. 560 50 50 50 on the AT&T. Now, I guess she finally made a mistake. She was not a roller for a few. It's been all of a sudden we got to that point and I'm sorry. Sorry. Hey, you want to win some big cash? I keep thinking about that tape. You got that tape ready for him. You had a what? I'm telling you. Gotta add some things. Take some other things. Oh, that's right. Be sure I put a few. A couple of. In there too. What a jackass. Even Joe Costello just walked in the ring. So you know, that Peter Leonard's the biggest asshole I've ever met in my life. And we all said, we're the nobody put a little over Joe's eyes. And don't quit dick in my scale back here. Would you please? Yeah, George told me the story. They were back there. We can't have a rating the scale. Dickhead. I finally have a good weight day. I lost 80 million pounds in one day with that dioretic. I peed my brains out like a race horse and I committed this morning and think I was a joke. And George is oh, Joe, uh, after round with your scale. Smart ass. I always liked that Joe Costello until this morning. Till this morning. The Neil Roger show sports radio. 560. You a half. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. 1.75, 60, 70, 20, 18, Markets, keep sliding, slide, not looking too good here. I thought we were gonna get this tremendous new prosperity to market all the pharmaceutical companies, all these great robbers, all the people that want to pollute the environment. I thought that today we're gonna be going nuts, they're not. They're not. So already, we've been let down, moving ahead. Here's Markate, hello. Yeah, could have been an oil. Yes sir. I'm going to make a prediction that after the Christmas holidays, it's talking like it's going to start going down real good and trust rates are going to go up. Because there's inflation out here and it's eating up very quickly. There's inflation out there. Who said that? I'm saying that. You're saying it? You have a shop from full meal. Yeah, sure. You're like a public. You're like in a supermarket. Pardon? Yeah, every day. Okay. You were aware of the prices. You watched prices? No. You don't worry about the price on it. I don't make that good money. I watched the prices and I just seen them going up tremendously. No. And I got to say this as well as far as this election. 560, 560, pound 560 on it. I just, I was just waiting. I just knew that my thumb would get a good workout there. And on a call too. 560, 50560, just can't restrain. It's going to be hard to restrain themselves. Can they restrain themselves? No. They hold it back and they keep it down. Oh. Some people can't get enough of these people. Can't get it down. Not interested, sir. Not interested in any of your predictions of any of your Gluerman doom will case your roster while we'll do the, that's my philosophy. Two things. The NIH and do the best you can. That's my philosophy of life. Do the best you can. That's all. Instead of getting all that out of shape and psychotic. You're on the wrong show for that. Just ain't going to happen. All the while before the election during afterward of a, and now the all the misdemeers gone, all the illegal back and forth. It's all done. Some people are happy about it. Some people are pissed off. Some people will give a crap. And now whatever. I keep trying to tell you now is the time to move forward. Not backward. And sir, we don't want to be as miserable as you are. Realize that's the senior citizens model in Florida. Is we want everybody to be just as miserable and unhappy as we are. I'm not going to do it. I'm a happy camper, Mr. I am. I'm going to great mood. I feel better. I lost all that a peanut all that weight. I was blowing up like a bull frog and couldn't understand why I felt like I was gagging over here. And I didn't even have a good time doing it. Finally discovered that I've been sitting like some kind of a hunchback in this chair for three years. And I'm dying of my kishki's are like squeezing together. These are the important things. These are the things that happen with your real life. All you rummertics that gets swept up in all this media brishment. God. Here's a mobile in your field, Beach. Oh, good afternoon, Neil. Yes, sir. Was that an angry stand on those last call? Yeah. Yeah. What kind of a gang you were? That was, in fact, that was Alan's grandpa. Okay. What do you think of Peter Deutsch? I think he's the biggest whiner in Florida who's out of this entire five six seven over five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and why I love Peter Deutsch. Great guy. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. And, yeah, sir. I know how much you love the Florida I would with the 12th. I'm sure you'd have asked you. I recently got to pick it back in over Thanksgiving holiday. And a volucia counting. Yes, sir. A lot of all counting. And I know you, you, the ticket collector, something about you. Pick a defense team. Pick a defense team. Well, I got to pick it. I get in September and I took that one to a court and I had to look at it. And I was reduced to just a fine and no point in the business. Yeah. Is it worth it? Somebody who had a recent ticket to go find a, some defense for this one in the Volucia County. Sure. Why not? You just want to roll over and pay it and get the points. Oh, no. Call them up. I don't know if they do Valucia County not a call. It's a toll fee call. What's that number, George? 1-800-741-741-TNTEAM. Take a defense team. They're great. Okay. Good luck, sir. Don't do it. Slow it down. What do you say you had a ticket last week to read before two days ago? If five minutes ago, slow it down a little bit, pal. Maybe just unlucky. Yeah, like no green. Maybe just unlucky. Or maybe he's skimming off the top. Here's coconut grove. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I just saw the funniest thing I've ever seen in my entire lives. I met my met the claw watch here when I'm walking through. I see these two old people. They must have been about 200 years old. Oh, I see. Sure you have this, uh, this toy cell and what apparently looked like. Go to your session. Call him a murdering asshole and I couldn't believe it. And I'll shame on him. When the guy turns around, it was the white water do. Really? Yes, sir. Thanks for the good news. Tom, to grow back to mustache. Nothing that would do it. Better grow the mustache back to white people are starting to talk. Starting to limp around like O.J. And guess what? Whoever wrote that article in the hero, we may have it in the back of our mind, but we do not forget. Especially when it comes to... Oh, man. O.J. And you want to know why we don't forget when it comes to O.J. A kill in the call. Yeah, that's one of the reasons. Then Ron and whatever else you've done. Put you to scumbag. Hope all you people in Kendall are really proud to have them in your neighborhood. That's why I moved out. I'm psychic. I knew many years ago when I moved out of Kendall. O.J. is going to be living here someday. And I want to get out of the space as I can. Here's a mobile and pepper prime. Hello. Any mail? Yes, sir. Hey, hey, don't. This is mech. I'd like to request a little bit that the Clapper Carl Armman, I want to recommend that maybe Phil and Hillary leave one in the presidential limiting when they leave for the new tenons. Okay. Leave a good pile. Okay, the Clapper. That's not in here. Is it George? Look at that. That's not it. That's not what it's called. What is that thing called? It's on the one that we're going to call the Clapper. No. Yeah, no. No, no, no. He's not somebody talking about. The thing about leaving a pile of human experiment on the the crap. And instead of the club, it's called the crowd find it. Just relax. I know exactly where I'll get my thumb on it. And then I'll reward it. 560, 50560 on the AT&T. Believe me, it's on the ACN. It's in the library. It's not in there. Trust me. Believe me when I tell you I'm begging you. Save the energy. Save the effort. You might have to start making a bunch of tapes into a clock. And get a big lecture from the straw boss. Here's one. Well, we have so many. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello? Yes sir. Anyhow. I was listening to a report in the news, you'll say, and one of the options for these to do away with these ballots and everything is one of those. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Huh. Do you think it would be under the thought? You'll say it would put things under the thought. I mean, they do. Do they? That's pretty stupid if you actually slap. Huh? Pardon? What did you just say? The crap. That we listen to all day. I don't think that is what it's called. Now I'm getting nervous. Do not I can't think of what they'll it's called. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T. Or it's not one of our best dollars. I'll find it or not as the case may be. So sit on the edge of your seat there. Mr. and I'll try to find it for you. Here's that Atlanta. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? Great. Hey, you know, I moved away from there about five years ago. Good move. Yeah. Well, I'm glad to be gone too. I don't miss the blue hairs. Listen, can I put a request for the bridge tender? Okay. Sure. Put a request in the bridge tender. And maybe you'll all put the bridge up for like about 10 seconds. Any other job? There you go. That's it. 22 me 4 2 at 560 W to Q a m. Who are you? Fudge back in. First there was a club. The anti-ceptive ice that locks to the steering wheel of your car. Then there was the cap. The anti-ceptive ice that prevents the ease from taking your air back. Now there's the ultimate in sight of the art that protection. Introducing the crap. Two and a half pounds of seeming human experiments that clocked neatly to the front seat of all domestic and most foreign vehicles. Probably in Seoul, but crap to turn as even old to permanently. Anyway, nice guy. They let the John like. See, this girl little spin. Oh my god. Someone took a dump on the front seat. That is disgusting. I'm moving on to the next guy. One whip of the crap and people move on to one of the cars. And if you don't have a sleeping pile of human experiments on the front seat, we guarantee it. One of the crap. We are car today. Anyone who tries to steal your car will be in deep. Well, you know. 17 till 2560 W to every sit down. Like I'm a chair and a restaurant or something. And somebody has left for you a piece of chewing gum on the seat. How do you get chewing gum off your pants? I mean, all of it. Huh? You don't? You just burn them. You just take them in the toss and pull them in at nice. Here's a mobile mobile and full of waterdale. Hello. Take them to Goodwill, Neil. They're done. Yeah. Your pants. Yes, I know. All right. What I want to tell you now, you got me off to something else. Oh, Neil. Went to an all boys. Capley High School and you were talking about the hazing. If we and I played sports all through high school, baseball football. And if they would even try that stuff with us, we, you know, we were so paranoid already going on all boys school. Shaman out at the time. We would be to crap that in each other. So that didn't happen with us. And I know you're talking about. I'm not. I'm probably had our enough time just running from the priest without Warn about to each other. Exactly. Right. And there's no fact in the church. Right. And it's funny what you were saying. Or just thinking, I was talking a couple of friends. There's three things we could change. It would be how people get drivers licenses. How people have kids or how many they have now and now the voting. How people vote and that would be the three things we could change. For sure. The realization I think is the great first step. That's part of my platform. Forced sterilization starting this weekend. And how people get drivers license will be number two. Okay. People can't drive down there. How about we get me on YouTube? Bye. Bye. Did he say YouTube? Oh, I can't stand them. 560, 50560. How's those backseat boys to get to come in? Let's give those away in the year. Huh? We don't even have them yet. Nice going out with a grable old pony tail. See some people with pony tail. I mean, they're, you know, good people that come to you for us. Other people with pony tail, they just talking good game. You're what Jeff Cohen said about what he grabbed the evidence. I didn't say shit when he was here. I can't even repeat it on the air. Here's a mobile and cook in a creek. Hello. Leo. Yes sir. It can all go to hell. We got a stick and shake bandage. Yes sir. Then they're kicking ass over there too. I'm sorry. I said they're kicking ass over there. They've been packed every day. Every time I drive by their packet in there. It's great. Yeah. It's great. It's great. It's great. It's great. So I got man. Okay. That's it. It's dropping a little good news. Thanks. I see this guy's in a good mood. He's happy. Got a steak and shake out there. They're going to have one down there and sell date pretty soon. That they're working on. What's on? What could you want? Look on a bright side. I tried to tell you that yesterday. We already knew yesterday. He was conceding last night. I would have thought that by today. Same whiny people. Man. Man. Man. It's enough to make a grown man want a few kids guts. What was that one? Was that one? Peter Lever came in this morning. That's what it started that lump in my throat. Want to poop my guts. Here's Miami. Hello. Me? Yes sir. Okay. Long time. Listen. Great. Listen. I worked with the Citroen Police Department on the VIP deals. That's when I am pondering your vehicle for picking up prostitutes and stuff like that. Well, it's not for decoy. These are males or females. They're depending on how they feel like doing it. And it's a big scam that the city of Miami has going. What they do, they take your car. They first end trappy because the girls basically, you know, they make it. So you even stop. Once you stop, they make it even turn around and look. They stop. You pull your. And technically arrest you. They drive you over. And your own car. They drive you over to the mini station. Well, wait, wait a minute. Another, if you just stop, they put you over. That's it. Anything is used to stop if you even look or if you hit the brake lights. They anything they'll take you down. Nice. They're not put you in the car. No handcuffs. You put your no passenger seat. Drive you over to the mini station where the tow trucks will be waiting for you to take your car. Oh, wait a minute. Zero off. Six. Oh, my God. I'm sorry sir. Go ahead. No. They're not that they take your car and the tow truck to the. They take the handcuffs. I'll throw you off. You'll tell you to go to apologize to get your car and then they let you go. It's nothing about being arrested, taking you down town and it. It's just a big scam. Yeah. And is there anybody who really believes that. We're having one more word about that scandal. The minor girls down there and kindle and highly, is anybody really believe that that sort of has been covered up in burried, and that we'll live in her word about it? Oh, of course, me. Correct me, of course. Really, that seemed. Pastors. I've seen . . . video official's US Customs officer. Everybody get arrested. But they walk. There you go. You know, it's just a scam. That's all. Thank God we don't live in a police day, right? Okay. No, God we have a good news. God bless America. 56050505050. Yeah, you can cheer anyway when you talk about that police day. No, even though you are right. Very, very embarrassing. 0650. And I said the netchurch one got to four bucks. Should we like a quadruple down here? Can't go out of business, even though they're looking for protection from bankruptcy. Just like National Airlines. And the honor could be better. We've bought a huge reading and he's reading. If I would have bought another thousand shares at 450, we're talking about 2500 bucks back. Right now. Did we do it? No. I'm never listening to that man again. In fact, I'm going to find out what he's out of the office. Just like the other day when I bought some stock. I call him. His role was there. I said I want to buy 500 shares or whatever it was. Okay. Fine. And she'll call me back in two minutes. Pull me the price. We bought it. That's it. And by the way, make your dish TV. Which you can't tell me is going to be a $200 stock. You should only live so long. 25 bucks. And falling like a goddamn brick from the top of the world trade center. This TV, my ass. Here's a mobile and blatant beach, yellow. Hey, man. Great. I got a great tip for you. Anybody else out there that gets a speeding ticket. They want to be the point. Yeah. If you pay the fine, but pay it's $100 fine. You pay $100. It means you pay it over. They send your refund check. You never cash the refund check. I can never get supply to your license. It doesn't go into the data bank. Really? A lot of people don't know about it. What a bargain. Yep. That's all you got to do. Okay. We get points and never cash the refund check. Thanks for the good news. How are you doing? Great job. Well, it's been a speeding ticket. This is a great story to show that not all cops are a bunch of perks out there. Especially the ones who listen to the show. They're the good guys. Mark Eisenberg. I wish I had mentioned his name on the air. What a how not. I think they're in Germany. Were you listening when he came in the other end? Thanks me because he got pulled over for speed. I don't know if he was FHP or who was. But he got pulled over for speeding and they had the radio on. And the cop heard it with this show. And he said, was that the other person told me he said, Yeah, our great show. I said, just slow down. Have a nice day. And that was the second one. Who's the other one? A couple of weeks ago. Same story. Same exact story. Somebody else in the building. Somebody maybe that we like. Kind of you like that. So it pays to be listening in this show and turn a radio up real loud when the cop pulls you over. And you want to do things that's going to happen. Either he'll let you off the hook or it's been nice knowing. Yeah. One or the other. This is 560. You a L. The Neil Roger show. Coach sports radio. 560. You a half. They'll be slow. I told. Oh, my Jesus. Like a very much. There's areas that can. I don't have a middle hand. I'm going to throw a while. And I want you all to know what up here in the rocker will hit. I don't think it'll be a just Christmas. And I think it'll give you a special Christmas message. I know it's a surprise. Like how about a little trees that are high going by. Like a little more. Lock hole soon. Christmas is a time of food. Time of joy. What time of love. And I share with a lover. Take a slice of that treat you to the guy there. I can. What more. No more. Oh, yeah, Christmas. Christmas. The Christmas. The meetings. The family. The family needs plans. The plans we use getting together. And getting together means. Eight. While passing that tone to take what's the place. While fighting. Like a remote. Not just when we're afraid of you right now. You know, I may be a big star. Maybe too big. But I know about it so big. You can't reach out. I help him hand. Helping. I'm a hand. Oh, yeah. Hand me a help. A little bit of nice data going there. I just like to play. Like it. I got it. Not like I will find him. I know about it so big. He can't. Stoop to help with friend and needle with a holiday season. I speak in a season. Won't pass me that solstator. And you get the chance. Like it. Yeah. Just so screwed to color. Like it's like a little bit. So this Christmas. Why don't you all take a tip for mold. Hey, oh, it's not all legal. Stick to it. That's what we are. You know what I mean? You know what I'm saying? I want you to remember. Well, part of God's great big family. And you know God made man into his own image. And look in the mirror. I have say God must be a big, big, sensible guy. You know what I mean? I like you do. But I especially want you all to remember this one last spring. You know all the homeless customers. Stuck in that popcorn up on the tree. Say about big, big bowl for the king. Extra butter. And what am I? Like you do. Okay. Okay. I'll give that one. 1.54 or 5.60 W to cure a M. How's that pull coming day? The pulls should now go to the Democratic candidate for president in 2004. Yes, 94. No 170. Probably the S is two thirds of Republicans. If not all of them. Yes, 94. No 170. I don't care. I don't give her crap. 76. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Yeah. We have a non-political Baltimore correct? Yes sir. That'll be great. I mean, do you think about it? Like a year ago to get this caliber a call. We were talking about, you know, the year one. You know, and whether it was a real end of the millennium and all that. Right. And that brought up. That was cool entertaining. It was tough. I think we'll spend the whole day on that tomorrow. And are you with these idiots again? No. We have the far from millennium or the real millennium. How you look at it coming up here. And about 20 days. So maybe we can work up a friendly about that. Don't bother about that. You don't bother about it again man. They get all the lift up to a frenzy now. Well, hey, man. You're selling good these days. Okay. Thanks. See ya. I'm sounding good these days, huh? Yeah. I'm fine. So just like me. I've time my check. Not feeling that great. Tomorrow I've watered. Tomorrow I've build up an intentional like. Grroud and mong and. IBS and CBS. You're wonderful. IBS related to CBS. I. Here's a lady in West and hello. Hi. Yes, man. Hi. I have I think an answer to your chewing gum in the pants problem. Okay. Not in the pants. On the pants. You actually got me in the pants. You got real sticky problem. There's two products you combine. You can get them at Kmart Walmart. Even public say things. The first one is called Googon. Googon. Mm-hmm. And the other one's called Goofa. Goofa? Yes. And it's great stuff. It'll take out gum. It takes out permanent marker even. It's greased. It's great. Okay. But it should do it for you. It came out. Kmart Walmart. And yeah, I think public's even hands it in the household. I'm on my way. Okay. Thanks. Bye-bye. What you say, Goofa? Hmm. That's always gum, but maybe it's not. 56050505050 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale, hello. Oh, hi. Yes, sir. I've been listening to you. It's KAT. Sure. Thank you. I'm a little bit down here. Sure. When I want to, I was calling about the gum issue. Are you nice tubes? It works as it does work. It doesn't work. It doesn't work. Well, that's what he says. I don't know. I use it. It does work. Okay. That's about it. Okay. Oh, have a good day. And back to you. Have a nice life. And don't eat too much of that garlic. Here's a lady mobile and parkland, hello. Yeah. Yes, man. I hate to be in mooch, but I heard you say something about the boy tickets. And last time I called you, my husband and one of those tickets for the pamphlet game in the movie, we cheap. My sister is wondering, no. No, I mean, last time you called, why? My husband had one of the tickets from the station, and they were all the way up in the movie, we cheap. Yeah. Can you believe this? There is a God. I'm seeing here. You're witness. My hand is nowhere near the button. And her mobile just got disconnected. Oh, how are you? Yeah. Yeah.