I'll tell you five, if you're doing it, I'm happy you're thirsty too. But what the hell is wrong with the people of Channel 6? Are they nuts? I have no clue. Wow. Page 15A in the Haraldus morning before we get to any other business. Look at this. Look at this ad. Kids use it. Here's the picture, some little little sheparter. I don't use it. Here's some goofy looking guy. And here's some old bag. Seniors use it. Many use foul language without giving it a second thought. But at what expense? I have no clue. See how profanity is affecting the workplace, the Home and Our Society, tonight at 5 or 11 PM, Channel 6. Is this unbelievable or what? God. Many use foul language without giving it a second goddamn thought. Let's brand new phenomena. Any assholes, young people, adults, old people, white people, black people, Hispanic people, Jewish people, gay people, straight people. My sexual people, chocolate ice, use a foul language without giving it a second thought. But at what expense? I have no clue. God damn it. What kind of asshole uses foul language in the first place? And what expense? I'd say about 35 grand for the one of these. But at any rate. This is right in line with that insurlity. They had an error there. Which I still don't think Hank understands my point. Because he went into a thing about the cost of bill and this and that and I see I wasn't agreeing with the bill. The bill is ludicrous on the face of it. It's just about to ask sucking for the people in Hailea as usual by Arroberto Cossus. It is partnering crime in Florida Senate. That wasn't the point. The point was the idea that the Harold in the middle of their commentary on this, which I happen to agree on their viewpoint on the bill. But in the middle of this is the idea that Florida, the state of Florida, sanctions gambling in any form is so anxious and so obnoxious and so unacceptable that we're all puking in our goddamn peep bags over here and one hero Plaza. Or whatever it hell I'd exactly said. That was my point. You got it, Humber? That's what I was trying to point out. That was funny. But I think he got that, eventually. Our poll yesterday on our website, which this is going over a bigger than Mary Tyler Moore, I'll tell you that. Nice going, you a good idea. Oh God. Thank you. Are you a hockey fan, we asked not when I asked the question. I assumed that the result would be overwhelmingly, no, negative. Which would have told inspired me to stop talking about this stuff because for years and years I really wondered, in every time we do a poll, we do polls on the air. It doesn't work out because most people will not call. I was going to say for a lover money, for the law of part no, but for the money part they want. And for free tickets they absolutely will. But anyway, we got 353 responses as of when I left the house this morning. I'm sure this probably about 400 by now, if and when Eric factes me the thing which he fact me this, but he will. 353 are responded. 226 yesterday said, they are hockey fans and 127. I said no. So 64 to 36%. Two turrets roughly in the audience said they're hockey fans. How do you like that? I like it. Because it inspires me to continue being able to talk about the world's greatest sport without fearing that I'm alienating the entire audience. Well, not overdoing it because we can't afford to piss off the other turd. You don't want to say it. You turd the other turd of the audience said that has no taste. It likes vanilla ice cream and football. Before we get into our last night's game. And then the Grammys. And then they out there just like Carlos Santana, much as I do. What was that? Well, that was like a coronation last night. Did night tell the yesterday morning right here on this show. He was going to win everything inside. And he did. I think he even got a couple of Grammys for things you were category. He was nominated. If you ask me, I do believe so. Like best classical composer, something like that. Carlos Santana. This man hadn't had it or hit record before Dean Martin was an intern. Before Glenn Miller was an embryo. That's when Carlos Santana had to hit. And now all of a sudden out of nowhere eight Grammys because it's the fix isn't. It's all done ahead of time. And that Rosie O'Donnell. I'm going to tell you right now. And again, it's the women of America. The same ones that suck up the opera. That's fucking bitch. Is she funny? No. Is she attractive? No. Is she interesting? No. Did she ask a provocative question? No. Error be lying. And I don't watch the whole thing. Obviously I'm busy watching hockey games. I'm going to be between them checking it up. There's one good thing about the Grammys of the Oscars. If you miss a couple hours here, no problem because it goes on for another 20 hours. It goes on and on and on. And every time I saw her doing a stick, doing little lines, I mean, it was pathetic. They went over like a pregnant pole of Alderman Health. No laughter, maybe a snicker or two. And then the snicker, I think, was Jesus. You're coming up with this material. And they're paying you. You disgusting bad bitch. You just watch these people with making millions and millions of dollars like Oprah. And like this bitch, this rosy odanol. And judge Julie, there's another one. Man hating obnoxious disgusting, New York stereotype bitch. I really think that's what it's all about. I think that these people are an outlet for the women of America who hate men. Especially that Bulldog rosy odanol. And especially judge Judy. And especially that bitch, Dr. Laura, there's another one. A couple of years. There you go again. You got your accountant and I got Robbie Benson, okay? So cut the crap. And when you always, if I have to pit my heart at it, if I have to pit my embarrassing people against it, just the ones you're in this town, forget about anybody outside of town. The scumbags, the rotten tooth, disgusting, rotesque. So anyway, speaking of Peter Warwell, I'm getting back to the house. And the second, is there a dummy white man on the face of the earth and the knees pot fan? No, he is the dumbest. Let me say it again. DF, dumb frog. Look at that dictionary. You'll see Denise's picture right next to it. In an old island, they're uniform from 1888. I mean, just absolutely got to be one of the most stupid people, the most inane comments. Oh, yeah. That's right. Joe Ricky. He's not going to get a penalty because there was a Joe Ricky or Ken Clay, I forget who it was. Oh, he's not going to get a penalty because, but I'm even better but I'm up. But at least, and while he's saying this, they're showing him sitting in the penalty box for Washington. Nice going, Erdenase. You moron, you idiot. You turn exactly. I couldn't say it better myself. Nine minutes after ten, at five, 60 W to Q AM. No portion of this broad Jeff may be reproduced without the express written permission of W to AM, these we read as position court. No, no, no. Maybe you love my Jockey shorts. My bag. Elton John has them available to get out of the studio. He's back there again with his. They're dropping like fly, Dalham. I'm tribute to John Denver. You'll hear that classic. I'm dying in a prop plane. Goodbye, Rocky Mountain Road. Hello, this is Elton John. It's LVB Mysterio. Do we call it other tribute records? That's right. But for a goodbye FDR. And I can't live in the Kremlin. A tribute to Joseph Stalin. Elton John. Trouble you out. They're dropping like fly on sale now. Ten, 14. Bye. Yeah. We should have had to let off your freedom here. I would just play it the right to the show. Is that my favorite Elton John record of all time? On everybody else's two if they got a brain. On his other great song. Which he did with the back door boards. I noticed last night on the Grammy Awards. I just mentioned that in passing. And they were pretty good even on Nick look very spastic with glasses and his hair straight up in here. And his one hand, look like he had his finger in electric socket. He's the one hand kept like like he just had a store like he was stroking it. But at any rate. Column by in teen witnesses shooting for Americana for you. Little Tim Colerano. A teenager who survived the Column by in high massacre and was targeted by an internet threat had another terrifying experience this week. She saw a man shoot himself. When you say that, a ride. Aaron Walton 16 was in the area two the evening. When a man who was being chased by police pulled into a lot near the high school and shot himself in the hate. How do you like that? Got himself in the hate. I've just broken to hysterics Aaron said I got out of my car. They were pulling his body out of his car and trying to give him CPR. I just couldn't believe it. The man was in critical condition Wednesday at Swedish Medical Center. This is in Little Tim Colerano. Now, not only did they have the massacre at the high school. But then they had the mother with a one kid remembering she shot herself. They stayed. Then they had the two kids who were shot in the what was it a subway and subway. Now we got this girl who survived the whole thing and also was one of the girl. She was the one who received the internet threat from that asshole over in Coral Cape Coral. Now she sees the guy blow his brains out. Right in the hate. Just in this one little town in Colorado. That's why we're a full question on our website today. So does America need stronger gun control laws? Yes or no. Very several questions. We'll see if all the gun nuts get up there and monopolize it. Does America need stronger gun control laws? This is the kind of stuff people ought to be talking about because we live in a barbaric gun-infested, full-on-infested, full of little body-infested, society. And while people are worried about some broad that was on who wants to marry a millionaire, and that's what they're all excited about. And how come this guy was talking about so much pizza in his mouth? She probably heard this show on the bottom of the town. It's always fun to talk with pizza in your post. This scumbag, this slime ball, this publicity-seeking dead-beat scumbag. Is he in it a clip with her? No. Oh well, she doesn't consider herself really married because she's a Christian, and she wasn't married and it's a church by a priest or something like that. Oh hey, is she a Christian? Why does she participate in this obvious scam because she knew it was a fraud? She's a Christian-horr. Oh, I see, that's the best kind. No, I saw the clip that they had with the one broad that was more contestant, but she didn't get picked. Run her up here. Yeah. And her comment was, well, I mean, all these people now have to catch out of the bag. Oh, well, they're one part of this. They want to be part of this fraud, which is exactly what it was. See, this is what television's all about, and you want to know why, because most people, it's not respectable to say you watch the WWF. That's what America wants. Kids, see, that's what channel should be saying instead of a file language. They ought to have kids watch it, adults watch it, and old ladies watch it, professional wrestling. Because that's what the jury's bringer show is, and all those other shows that are doing their best to emulate it now, but not doing it very well. Yeah, let's say even though it's fake, we don't care if it's fake. Even if you tell us it's fake, we won't believe it anyway, because our lives and our emotions are all invested in this. We're wrapped up in it. So what's evidence to make it the whole thing with a scam? In fact, who knows, maybe the cliches they have on now, maybe these are all fixed to, they already had one accusation over who wants to be a millionaire about that. See, that was the mistake they made back in the 50s and 60s when they had the cliches scandal, with 21 and $64,000 question. What they didn't realize is the American public doesn't care about honesty and integrity. All they care about is being titulated. Can I say titulated on the air? All they care about is being aroused. That's all they give a crap about. So if it's a fraud, hey, let's have alien autopsy back this week, what do you say? Box specializes at that at slots and putting about your fraudulent crap on there. And then, you know, a month later saying, oh, guess what? We pull the wall over your eyes. It was a fraud. You want to see it again? Oh, here it is. Watch it again. And they do. See, that's what they made a big mistake. If they would have rerun that show after all the publicity it said, they'd probably get an 80 share easy. If they re-run that who wants to, because certainly the regist thing has got to be dying out by now. I mean, that thing every time I scan it across and I see that that's on there. Everyone I'm channel surfing, I say can this possibly be on again? Is that your final answer? Yes, that's my final answer. I will not watch it again. Ever. I mean, it just swill for $70 billion. What is your first name? Are you sure? Is that your final answer? Yeah, it's I mean, talk about wearing really thin. Really thin. Desperate. Anyway, our poll on the hockey fans came out. Here's the final total. 384 votes yesterday. We had another record breaking over today on our website, neo-roggies.com. 250 people said, they are hockey fans. And 134 people said, oh, they are not. 65.1 percent. And yes, and 34 points. That's like about 55. 35. Yes. Like I said, almost to you, turtards of the audience, so they're hockey fans. Let's hear it for that. Because the hockey fans, they're the great people. Not the the other third, not the bad people. They just don't get it yet. They haven't caught on. Which is very sad. So neo-roggies.com. Not all can you vote on our poll. They have a gun control, but also you can take a peek at that. And the reason we're putting on there immediately is because George is getting real real tired and I don't blame them. Of the 85,000 people calling in for that diet. We talked about yesterday. That's a significant sense. The great, the late, your hospital medical center. I don't endorse it. I don't know anything about it. I have no idea who sent this to me. One of our listeners. And if it works for you, great, if you croaked, don't blame us. That's our disclaimer. You got it? Oh, good. The Saint, your hospital medical center diet, which supposedly you'll lose 10 pounds in three days. And you can lose up to 40 pounds in a month. Even if you weigh 18 pounds, you can lose up to 40 pounds in a month. Even if you're like Christina Agalera, which by the way, best new artist of the year. Who the hell are you? People kidding out there, huh? He must be drop an acid baby. Oh, my, best new artist of the year. That's like Brook Daniel's best touch back tacos to the year. All the way when you come right down to with, do we know any other hunts back tacos? Oh, right. Let's, uh huh. Larry, he ain't no tacos. He's a professional assucker. He's not no tacos. You know what I'm saying? Uh huh. Right. So that's our result. We got the menu is on our website, neorodgers.com. It's all one words, bell or write please with an I and no D. You got it, neorodgers.com. And it's all on there. Now, getting back to our last night talking game, the Panther game, you see, don't go blame in Peter Warrell because that's his instinct. That's the way he plays. He's a groom and he just, if you really box carefully, any game that he's playing, he gets away with a 95% of his penalties. And anybody like Denise Panfan or Teri Murr who says that that wasn't an elbow in which he knocked Richard Zednik down to the ice in the guy's line. There for four minutes. And he's on queer streets. Well, you know, you can debate that all you want, but it was an elbow to the head. It was a nasty nasty penalty. But I'll tell you who I blame now. And as of course, the one try to deflect a blame by screaming at the officials is that bonehead Teri Murr. You know what I'm saying? Uh huh. What is this man doing out there? Three shifts in the last five minutes of the most important game of the season today? What is he doing out there? Can anybody answer me that question? No. And when he put him out there a third time, I'm screaming at the set. I'm screaming. I'm saying, what are you thinking about? You know, it's just a matter of time before he's going to get a bonehead penalty. And within 20 seconds after I said that, sure enough, there goes Zednik to the ice. There goes the our officials arm up in the air, Paul Stewart. And here he goes to the penalty box, bitching and moaning about it. And then go into the overtime and before you know what should have been a victory, turns into a devastating loss and now they're only three points ahead of the Washington capitals and without brilliant growth and in this team of beginning blown out just absolutely blown out, which a lot of people don't seem to understand. But what's Teri Murr Bully can bitching and pointing to finger at the officials? Why does he take the blame? Why does they stand up and be a man for once? And I'll tell you why because he's an asshole. Right. Make no mistake about it. And for Denise Potvin, or anybody else out there trying to defend the indefensible? I mean you guys are you're in Lala Land. You don't know what you're talking about. 560, 560, Pomp 560 on the 18 T. Wireless Line. Let's hear from all the Santana lovers out there. Carlos Santana is God. That's what they told us how the Grammys last night. If you if you gave me, if you gave me 500 of his of this album, this smooth the crap in his. Well, the album is called, what is it called? Super, super duper crap, something like that. I don't even know the name of the album. Super natural. I mean mediocre would be a compliment. Here's a mobile and cruel spring, tell us. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Couldn't agree with you more. Not that hit war L. J about at the end there. I was unacceptable and it's like that's supposed to be like his role in the game, but that wasn't even intentional. He couldn't hit somebody that hard to be tried. And why is he out there at that critical juncture of the game you're getting ready to go over time? Why is he out there? Well, he's there to fall on top of players that might be dangerous to the panther team I think. Yeah, right. So in other words, with 12 seconds left in the playbing of center rise, there was some danger in either direction. No. Exactly. It shouldn't even avoid over time. That second goal unacceptable man. That guy had 10 pitch in the crease. He wasn't these. He was there for the month. Well, you got to understand that the defense is taking a few weeks off. The pantheon defense is failing and spot check these guys have just taken some time off. And that's why guys are floating in all along. I mean, Trevor kid played his good last night as any human being could possibly play especially after that long layoff. He was remarkable and there's still one up low in the game. He played amazing. Any goal he just got to stop more than 40 shots. You just don't even have any defense. And this is the new deal now. First period of every game was the same way in the auto game 16 to 3 at one point. The shot that a burner wasn't great. And again, potpan last night there was another shot at Vernon. And that's what they played kid last night. He says, what is this man talking about Mike Vernon has been nothing short of spectacular for this team. And these guys opening up their mouth. They don't know their ass from my elbow. I like to see Peter will well, give the same elbow to the knees potpan. Maybe not some sense in one but I doubt it because where there's no sense there's no feeling right on right on and have a great day. You think go leave school nice going her Darcy Tucker. What I tell you about that good Canadian boy. About time you bested 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. Here's the best news of all though. This is on the front page of the essential courtesy of Wall Street urinal. I mean, this is the most disgusting. It made me think of Josh Friedman when I read this article. Yeah, you know how we have looter boxes for cats. Wallston Puring is coming up with one for dogs. For dogs, doggy litter. Now can you imagine walking into somebody's apartment? House, house, pup tent. And they've got a little dog, even like my little dog. Only waste 10 pounds. But which is brings up. Oh, what's that smell? I mean, what is that? Yeah, the the subject that came back up. Oh, that's my little little box. Piny just dumped about four pounds of crap and a little box. I mean, after all, we don't want to have to walk him or let him out. These not only the dummy down of America, but the slobbering. How would it when you call it? The sneaking up of America. I mean, it's not bad enough that you cat people. You disgusting cat people with your cat the feces and urine there. Oh, God enough box in the house. Now we're going to have dogs crap in the house. Well, guess what? I already got one doing that. 26 after 10 at five. How about I got a better idea? Save on water. You know, we're conservationists, save on plumbing. How about people litter boxes? Wow, it looks that we're all sent perina.com up. Yeah, especially good for those old human women. They can don't have to worry about using the same toilet paper over and over again. You just won't use any. Unless you got a hanger here or there. And you know what to on Crawford said about those. 26 past 10 at five 60 WQM. QAM drops the green flag with motorsport Saturday Saturday morning at six with Chocas Delo right here on Sports Radio 5 60 QA ends. Yeah, get baby. Ooh, I want a band. Oda, I vote. You can get it, but it's not a pin in the happy way. All right. She can't see, but I don't care. I like to spend some time down the beach with so late. Ooh, I feel the thing about the lion carry. I'll let that she get real carry as you have to wear. I would like to hang her to put the lights to loaves. Yeah, not a bunch of loose cage in her too. Great, this business maybe just had a hat to put the I would like to give her a mouthful of my badsy boy. I think it was music really, it's not. But I would like to move with a you know. I won't have a band. We hold a hat for you. We don't know. We're going to stand. Better Richard should have planned that. Can we say can we say doodle hole on radio? No. 1032 at 5.50. You know, you're all still in a research for three and a half years. I've been studying what they refer to as canon elimination behavior. And it come away convinced that dogs can and should be taught to be able to more like cats. And they believe that humans will spend heavily. See, that's the only thing is really all about. The humans will spend heavily to have house trained canines in the freedom that comes with that. The product by the way, which will begin showing up on grocery sure a store shelves in May is called second nature. The freedom. Yeah. I was of cleaning the box out. I was opening a door. I think about cleaning it out. Oh, I'm just, you just have a big box, big old box, and just keep putting more stuff in there and covering it up. I don't have to clean it up. Because after all, you're never going to be able to clean the smell out of the air in a house anyway. Can you imagine? Because can you imagine the aroma getting into the carpeting and the walls in your clothing and the furniture and on the TV set in your stereo and microwave and pop up poster can even begin to imagine that. In addition to which if I wanted a cat, I would have gone out and got a cat. I hate cats. I don't want my dogs being like cats, which means unfriendly, independent of noxious and rubbing up against your goddamn leg. I don't want that. Well, that's another one of the reasons that cats are noxious because they do have a litter box, which separates them from dogs. Most of which are until it's nothing alongside and either business outside, not inside. Right, Tiny? Oh, well, except him. And one thing about him is I would say 99% of the time over his life life span, which has been quite too long with to be honest with him, but nevertheless, when he drops a little deposit, when he gets just in the right mode for a frame of mind, it's solid. 99. Thank God. Oh, thank the Lord. And so you pick up a little piece of toilet paper or clean extra tissue or something like that. You pick it up, you throw it in the toilet and life goes on. As opposed to having that sickening, bestering, swirl of a smell in your apartment, your house, your anything. What kind of and of course is your Austin Pirina, which I'll take care about it. Let me just do that. Make it a lot of money, which I can't blame them. Here's for a lot of it, I'll, hello. See you, how are you doing? Okay. Let's make voice. Oh, he's a kids when I talk. Wow. Hey, that dog litter box. That's good to see. I do it. It's goofy, yeah. I don't want to hear that. I can't imagine the smell. And how lazy people are. Yeah. You know, and I was talking about that diet earlier. I think forget that. Go get light, bro. Go. Why? Everybody should just go get light. What's okay, feel better. Get a heavy break day. Oh, man. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's a call from Lakeport, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Deal. Yes. Are you dead? Great. Wonderful. Um, all white and intersection male calling. And um, I was just wanting to know if, uh, if you got my book. If I got your book? Yeah, I sent you a book called The Marimba Trade by Ford Goodman. So what? I sort of... Rembo trade. No Georgian accepted it. I never saw it. Oh, really? Georgian's got it. You don't want it. So... Wait, you don't want it. What did I get my book? What is it about? It's about drug trafficking. No, I don't want that. George is right. Well, you mean it's a true story. Yeah, I'm not interested. Well, you might be just kind of a tank. No. Hey, why do I? I'm going to say he liked it though. That makes you feel better. Well, as you know, uh, just trying to lower spots from you and see if you want to like it. And I loved it. I thought was the best sample coverage and it's gone with your wind. Go on my way. Go on. Go on. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. I'll be calling you for an herbal rudge. That's all I can order to make you guys. So you don't take it. Don't feel so bad about it. George knows all about the good drugs. Well, you know, I've been affected or to survive on the side. You know, after 233 napkin, you go sign and pedal some here in a little logey maker. Well, you know, it's not so much about, uh, it's just a little adventure involved and you might find it amusing in the bottom of it. Okay. That is a true story. Hey, I'll give you a little story here and like for the, um, the prison's going broke. Yeah. And I get to stay. Want to take it over or whatever. And, um, I talked to the fashion. They have to, well, you want to surplus what I'll do by it. It goes, well, that's slick. I said, well, by chance, you know, those devil shows up to have so much of putting. He told me I was going to burn the hell for that. Imagine that. Well, if it isn't for that, it'll be for something else. So don't worry about it. All right. Just move one thing. You'll get the good. Okay. All right. Good job. And have a great day. Well, I'll come on. That all is in the dish and probably for me in the bagel this morning, which I shouldn't have eaten, uh, because I got a Romami sauce for lunch today. I shouldn't be in no crap in this place. I had pork wine. And then I saw those bagels with cream cheese out there. Well, cream cheese is okay on the end. Can you just sit on the bottom? What about the bagel? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the other even like bagels. I must be honest with you. Bagels are another one of those foods that have to have something on them. Otherwise, they're useless. Like, like a bad steak. You know, you drown it in Peter River steak sauce. Wow, delicious. They know ice cream. You drown it with like hot fudge. Mmm. YUM, and the whipped cream and nuts and cherries. I was going to have a bottle of cherries hanging around. Luce. I do like nurse. You know, something, although they do have red dienom. They will kill you. But I love mereshino cherries. I could sit down with a whole bottle and just not only eat all the cherries, but then drink the juice. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Mobile implantation. Yeah, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Don't be sorry. I'm going to go to the, since we got this great new function, so my do this on almost every call. I'll just get used to it. I had to, you know, I just got back there was a lot of stagus for some business in pleasure. Like on a pal metal coming south, it must be 60 or 70 trucks. I don't know. I got a American flag, stupid flag. You know, so they hit Miami. Do you know anything about this? No, what was it today? Just right now, I'm just someone we get on the school down on my bank in Miami. And I, you know, I came with 75 to, you know, you get on a hundred and twenty second street. Yeah, on a pal metal. And they just lined up honking the run to like big construction trucks. And they're all going like maybe 15, 20 miles a now in a right hand lane. And I'm telling you, Oh, maybe I'm going to protest in the gas because I know that, um, where the hell was it? Was it in Toronto? I saw this the other day in the news. Several places around the country, the truckers are like protesting these outrageous gas prices. And so what I'm doing is because their pissed off is pissing everybody else off, which is unacceptable. Yeah, well, you know, I didn't, I could say I come into Miami and come up, you know, if the work and I feed it, if they get who should I call, but Neil Rogers maybe you can do. I think maybe some of the Cuban truck drivers are very upset because Ali on grandma, there's bit him on the penis and that's what cut them a little aroused. Let me tell you, I've told this, I was after a four eight days in Vegas and I said, he has business, he has work. And every time I said I came from Florida and I, I used to live in Miami now in plantation, the first words out of the mouth. Oh, hey, yeah, what's going on down there? Anyway, this may enjoy you. And I'll answer this symbol crap, just some symbol crap. Single crap. Thanks very much. Enjoy your show very much. Good luck, pal. Right, fine. Thanks for the warning. Okay, whatever you said, right up there, I know exactly what he's talking about there. I 75 by 120 second of the volmetal. What kind of crap is that? We had a lot of truckers listening to the show cut the crap. Okay, don't play must for the guy damn oil prices. What are we going to do about it? We can't do nothing about your gas. Although maybe that guy might work. Check out our website. Those beaks though, just thinking about beat us gives me bad bad gas. It's my IBS going big time. 21 before 11 at 560 WQM. What the insides for new raw disease in the years out? No. Oh, the Clinton spent their first night in Chepa, Koal. I'm gonna run. No, I'm gonna not worry about it, just for a minute. Coming, I'm coming, come, come, come there. Well, I'm almost present, I'm scared of them. Yes, you are. Yes, my parents live in their Victorian house, crosses trees. Lots of very nice houses and you have very nice legs. Well, I'm up. Thank you sir. And welcome to our little planet Chepaquite. Hope you're seeing the ones you're living here. I think I will. I'm a daughter of a man in, right? I have baked in the little welcome to the neighborhood. It's our family recipe for pineapple upside down King. I like to take your pineapple anyway. I upside down sideways. Thank you Mr. Panthenic. Bye, bye, bye. Just a lady from next door. That's all. I said I'll get it. Just said I'm shut up. What are you waiting for? They're a bunch of... I can't believe it. Well, hello. Hello, Mr. Clinton. I'm a land crisp kid. You keep devoid of it. Are you the escort? I'm no sir. I'm sorry, Mr. Chris. It's looking out very new. I guess I'm welcome you to the neighborhood. Well, the escort's not here yet. If you want to jump on a little Charlie. I'm no sir. All right, well I'll sleep later, I'll leave. Oh, whatever your name is. No, just another neighbor. You can make some food or water. Oh, the sleep is. Hey, the doorbell's going crazy. I'm getting it. I'm getting it. Great Seaters Ghosts. Happy. It's me, Monica. Good. God, all muddies. What do you think of my new bond? What are you doing here? Right, but that house next door with my chitty crane money. Oh, my God. We'll be seeing a lot of each other in the YouTube thousand. No! Okay, it's 1046 and 560WQA. 56050560, pound 560. Martin McSorell gets his spending for the rest of the season and a playoff. I don't think you'll see him no more. And all the people that were calling yesterday, well I call him Campbell. What does he know? Nice going, Eric Kohli. Whatever it had your name is, Kohlen. With an over and I. Speaking of that, I get a fact here from Tony Perez. So I thought was a baseball guy that evidently a different Tony Perez. Who's with the pharmaco ink and as a product called nature's simple solution. So you only got to do is have any kind of a physical ailment of any kind for five minutes or longer. And right away, everybody in their brother is deluging you with all of these things. Now isn't that interesting line? He just came on all by itself. I noticed my arms are at least 400 yards away from the phone. Just came on spontaneously, Duff all by itself, Greg. You jackasses you. So the idea that we got this phone problem, look, look this is my comment to you. Okay, it's still a piece of turd. Oh yeah, but the new system's coming in March first. Okay, whatever you say. They just cannot get it done. Anyway, so nature's simple solution is the first rectal care system of its kind in the world. Recum. That's right. A product that finally addresses complete hygiene and daily care of the rectal area. Not only is it an extraordinary, this is the best part. Not only is it an extraordinary cleanser and deodorizer, but an excellent skin treatment as well. How do you like that? So I'm going with the proud distributor of nature's simple solution. Victoria's bloomers, the female version in Florida. Anybody out there been into Victoria's bloomers lately? I'll bet you have. So there you go. Tony Perez, facts as me, pages and pages and pages and stuff about some stuff you want me to Schmire on my rectum. I don't think so, Tony, but thanks anyway. Sounds like a bunch of IBS to me. 5605050, pound 560 on the AT&T line, but a brutal week here on the phone. I'll tell you that. Our website's going crazy. The phone is not too good. Here's Boca. Hello. Boca. Neil. Yes sir. I just don't know the website's about yes of course. I noticed at the bottom that the fire will take God by these enchilves template. Yes. Not available in the US? It is now. Oh, so he wasn't bound by the book, please. Well, I'm Admiral, who is banned and not literature is held as kept for some of the zombies. We haven't determined yet out of the bookstore. There are a couple of years. I have no idea why I'm being imagined for yourself. Really? Yes. They have the book, though, you know? Yes. Unbelievable. Okay, thanks, Neil. So I can't get it now. Yes. What do the Walden's Walden's? Walden books, so whatever the board is. Walden's. Thank you. Okay. No, no. Have a great day. Thank you, too. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Hey Neil. Yes sir. Are you doing? Okay. Just one of the common. I don't know if you saw the beginning of the, uh, there's crappy Grammys last night. The embarrassing jokes that the fat ass was telling out there. I didn't see the beginning, but I saw a, I'm a customer her material on and off during the shitting channels. She was completely, and over like a gigantic lead balloon. I mean, just pathetic. She was horrible. I was embarrassed watching the Grammys. But she did get in one good shot on that bitch with a used and, you know, when she met a comment about her, uh, Potter, Est in, I guess, and, uh, Hawaii. She said, I have one thing to say to you, Aloha, uh, what he used in quickly flashed up the old bird and gave her the finger, which they kind of cut out on the TV. Really? Yeah. Yeah. We're herner's scumbag husband sitting there. But, uh, you know, big badly. Were a brown. Oh, yeah. I could use a piece of work that guy. But, uh, I don't know if you also saw in the, uh, paper today about the, uh, I guess the card jacking that happened out in Missouri, where that's sexual, boy, he was dragged. He was deaf. Yes. A five-mile chase. That guy should be strung up is, uh, you know, what's, and, uh, you know, and also the mother chills for leading her child in the car, you know, with the keys in it. Mm-hmm. You know, I say I put a mother in Susan Smith and the guy in the back of a car in the bottom of a lake. Exactly. He likes him heavy weights. You don't leave your child in the car with the keys running. Right. No. Just to jump out. There was shutters about the middle of July when you got a little 10 pound dog. Then it's not a bad idea. Oh, yeah. Again, we'll then go get somebody that'll. Okay. Everything. Thank you. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T line, boy. It's been a wild, wild, desperate ride on the phone this week all week long. They're just off their feet this week. Nothing to say about that. Peter, we're all thinking, even though we got all these alleged talking bands, that's what makes it even more ridiculous. They got to opinion anything. Nothing. Didn't see that game last night. Got no opinion on it. One way or the other. Of course, the worst thing they get calls on it. Hank gets calls on her own even watch this stuff and couldn't care less. Can we get calls on it? Oh, because they're bunch of pussy's out there. And of course, we don't want to pick on their hero. Mr. excitement. Number eight. God forbid. So we know it must have been a bad call. He got a bum raf again. It must be because he's a darkie must be the reason. Not because he's a goon. Not because he does a lot of that crap and gives a lot of cheap shots. That couldn't possibly be the reason. Put it on. Oh. Here's a mobile and steward. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi. Good morning. Neil. Listen to the everyday just one of what you know. I'm on the turn by growth. I'm going to the sales call and the over. They've got the things shut down. It's steward to force everybody off. That's fear real bad accident. Okay. That's number one. Number two is follows the baseball stadium. I know you're not talking about that today. But why does the hell of Henry use that in an home set? Put the stadium in home set. What do I have on the time you need to use and we pay for it? Because nobody's going to go to home set. Even if it's even if it's even if it's even if it's even if it's even if it's even if People with you doesn't, but nobody's going to home set. Yeah. Yeah. I don't want to see that up to you. Well, then think about the stadium before, right? But nobody's going to home set. Let me say, okay. Listen. Thanks for the tip, pal. Okay. You're never going to want to. And you too. Stay off the road. Folks. It's a mess out there. No matter where you're going. You can't get there from here. Because it's a bitch. And we're here. Just like Mitch Lewis said yesterday, which I'm still thinking about his comments. 560, 50560, 560, only 18 in T line out of town line 8777856345, you know how it goes. You know the routine. Song of the year, by the way. That's a song of the year. No, it was at the song of the year on the Grammys. No, because Santana didn't sing it. That's the only reason. This Santana business. Somebody somewhere is off their rocker. Somebody is out of their mind. Somebody must be doing some really bad. Polluted drug these days. Oh, man. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yeah. This is a mobile going down the palm. Man up. Yes. If I suddenly scream, you know what happened. Hey, comment on that last stick. You guys did. Do we have that as a never ending song about last month's blood off? Yeah. So if you get more of that man, that's that just hurt my day up like nothing happened. All right. Well, that's the idea. So here's the percure day up. Thanks a lot. Appreciate it. Okay. Good luck, pal. Speaking of I'm glad that we had a couple of people out there in the road. Because I must forgot about this. I want to say right now, whoever the punk was yesterday that nearly wiped my ass out nearly killed me. You know how they say most accidents happen. We'll post the home. Just a matter of blocks from my house says I'm making my turn home for more guests. I made my own business too long there. Making my left turn off a sunrise on a one 18th. I'm sitting there and I's turned, you know, I'll make a little turn in the other section. You're getting ready to turn and the traffic is coming the other way. And I look up at the light and sure enough the light is red, which means now I can go and just to me sure I wait an extra one or two seconds because I trust nobody is always tell you. And the traffic appears to me. They're all slow and down. But now some asshole obviously a kid. I mean, really didn't see it, but it had to be because nobody dealt with drive this way. I don't think in a big purple. I don't know what they'll have because I didn't have time to see. I'm making my turn now because their light is red and he don't and keep in mind they're all coming from well on the other side of the intersection. They're slowing down, but he ain't guessing the side he's going to make it like two seconds after the light turned red. Now he floors it. And you talk about your life flashing before your eyes. This is one of those times and there are many of them that I'm just grateful that I drive a real, real, powerful, fast car. Oh, because if I wouldn't have, I wouldn't be talking to you right now. I mean, I just zoomed past that guy and this asshole. He like flying off to the left to get that around, missed by inches. And keep in mind, he just floored it, okay? And on you, porters that sit out there on hiatus with your speed guns, with your radar guns and your speed traps. Let me say it again. We would appreciate it very much if you'd spend more time right on those intersections around sunrise Boulevard for all these people that run all of those lights on sunrise. And when a teeth at Flamingo and hiatus, you and Nav Hill, one of the worst. It's set a right in business. How about protecting our lives? Because that's what we're paying your salaries for. And I'm going to tell you right now, you talk about road rage. I told George this this morning, I mean, if I were to have a shotgun in that car, I would have just slammed on a break, turned around and followed the set of a bitch up sunrise and blown his crap away. I mean, you just get that pissed off for about five seconds. And of course, five seconds. More than long enough. Whoever you are, you disgusting miserable, no good punk son of a bitch. They ought to take your license away and put you into whose guy right now and give you the watch for. You know, I'm talking about who's going to watch for? Huh? And up your recto, mean this. You can't complain about the driving in this town because quite frankly, there's very little. What I see most of every day doesn't qualify for driving status. 1056, if I end up don't let me forget to tell you about media one and my road runner. Media one. 1056, if the road runner is great, by the way, media one. I'm going to get a call. Four minutes before 11. When you get going, you're already what the hell is wrong with you. I'll give you two a hand. My hand is going hard today. What do you love is badging? What do you love is, Rattie? What do you sing's a play? I'd like to be in today. What do you love is, Rattie? Like her daughter, Daddy. And at her off the stage. Don't you hate it when she sells shoes, acts as tip, dirt. Like she does when she takes his feet fixed. Rhymes with. It's 11.01 at 5.60 WQM. What? Just like ended in the middle there. Well, that's it. It's just short and sweet. They ran out of material there. It wasn't that great. The first one was okay. It was a marginal given about a 3M of 4.8. But it gave us an excuse to hear some doors music again. I mean, they're realizing they're not saying, 10. Okay. Oh, God. Yeah, you're so. Wow. Super natural. My fat ass. Okay. The fix is in. It's all right. It'll be the same thing with the Oscars. You already know ahead of time. Who's going to win what? Because the fix is in. It has to be the politically correct. Who do we want to who's asked? We want to suck this year. And it better not be anybody who's like out of the mainstream. And what are we going to do about Nick Carter's here? Two, by the way. And that's fast to candor. What is that? Parkinson's. Yeah, look like it. Hey, hey, he looked like Michael Dave Fox with the bad hairdo. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Anglasses. Hollywood. All right, Neil. Yes, sir. Got some a little different for you this morning. Yeah. Same that our Hollywood police department is out doing a great job for us again. They within the Sun Sentinel the other day that they have arrested a minister for feeding the homeless. Yeah, that's not a new story. That's an old story. Okay. I asked George and he said you hadn't talked about it yet. That's not today. But I mean, it's an old, it's an ongoing story. This is where I keep insisting on feeding the homeless. Nick, keep busting his ass. Yeah, that's a real crime. If he would just go out and wash him, kids, then he'd be okay. Yeah, I mean, I fear if you know you and an operand beef, I'll get out there and Hollywood and have a meeting somewhere. You'll be arrested for unlawful of some of that. That's obviously on a Hollywood, so the Indian watch out. Okay. Thank you. See you Saturday and Hollywood, by the way, at Sentinel Indian Casino. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 50. Maybe Ken Jenney can come in there. I'll give you some evil looks. Either that or Nick Navarro at the very least with his good buddy Preston and his hand. From the swap shop. Remember those awful awful days at the swap shop. Talk about the smell of. They could use the litter box for those elephants. I'll tell you that. Man. What did the story with lines for today? Please don't tell me. Oh, man, let's just say that. How did I know? How did I have a premonition when the phones are like looking like this? And when we had that line, it popped on by itself. And there's lines for that's like having a little, uh, a little problem again. See, if I never knew dolls, you talked out of brains when I do, was I just leave that on the other way to the show. Because I don't think it's going to go out unless I'm not going to tell him. I think that is a stay on the river. Not some of the lines he's raised by the way. Oh, now it starts to rain too. This is that. Better get it. It's rain. It's raining over here. It's going to say, if you'd like to make a call. What are you doing? Why did you do that? I was entering running. Or it's all over the race. It's going to be very faintly in the background. Well, it's just making line eight. Wait a minute. So in other words, it's doing the same thing again. Line four is dining up line eight and line eight was ringing. And then when you picked up, No, no, no, no, line eight was a call, but line eight is also screwed up. There's a call in there now. Pick it up. WQA. All right. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Come in. Yeah. Hey. Hello. Yes. Okay. So you hear by that. Obviously, somebody is sticking with their phone lines. Can you tell by just by hearing that? Somebody is sticking around with their phone system here. And this has been going on for the worst part. I was going to say the better part. The worst part of two years. And these assholes here, these one kids, these weak needs. Yellow belly, jelly livered assholes. Still can't get nothing done about it. Oh, well, the engineers think it's the full company. And we think it might require some work getting the done. And we think we'd rather crawl under the desk and cry a lot. This is special. The line four is my favorite today though. Oh, no. George. Yes. Yeah. This one of those porters on the cell phone. Can you get me on? Sure. Hang on. Okay. We got a fork around a cell phone. Hello. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes. This is one of those porters out there. But I think so. You're absolutely right with the intersection. I prefer setting in an intersection with four light-sarner and get to those people throwing through it that I do with speeding. Because speeding doesn't kill people for us who like to do. God bless you, pal. Absolutely. Without a doubt. Now, you know where you were and you were. Oh, for hours. And brown. Sunrise Boulevard is a deathlay now. It's a deathstrat. Well, I wish I could sit over there for you. But I can't. But I can't. But believe me, we're out there. There were a few of us at those care about speedy. But we do care about it. Thanks, pal. You got the buddy. Okay. And sorry about that crappy phone. How do you like that? We got a porker on there through the crappy phone and all. There was somebody else on it. We probably have 4,000 people trying to call this your everyday. The problem is they're all on one line. A radio station that just refuses to get with it. A company that just likes to construction out here. By the way, have a given an update on that in a long time. Of course, by now you should assume the answer is, if you were to ask, that would be our pull question. Maybe one of these days when we can't come up with a good one. Do you think that the construction will ever be finished here at QA? No. No. You think that one of these days will ever fix this. Toilet up and make it complete. No. No. Make it whole. And already is that with an H. As in rat, hyphen, whole. When I came in this morning, first thing I said in Georgia, I see. You notice that it's been weeks now, a long, long time. Since there's been any construction since you've even heard any hammering until I punch up line 8. Any hammering going on around here? Any said, uh. Yeah. Maybe they're waiting for all that big bucks to come through. That's what we keep hearing. Oh, yeah. Well, when that big money comes through, when that thing goes up to the 13 again. Better check on that real fast blinder way. Because it was like up to 1281. I can't say what I'm talking about because it's still quiet period. I can't say what I'm talking about. And I heard Hank yes, but I do believe say something like, hey, stop it. He sold his. And I heard that Joe Costell was going to go home in the, hey, stop it. Tell his. And whatever else it is, which I can't talk about because it's clear. Anyway, here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Mobile and candle. Hey. Yes, sir. Please, officer. What's up? How you doing? I just came from downtown and there are trekkers with Cuban flags on them. That have got the 836 backed up from downtown all the way to the Palm Meadow and what is that all about? I guess they're demonstrating again. There's a couple hundred trucks and they've got the, the traffic at a standstill back to call way in the Palm Meadow. Okay. Well, I say, start arrested right now and let us know when you're done. Okay. Thanks. Good luck. How do you like that? They're doing it again. And we don't even know what it's about. Okay. Now, which one of the local channels is the on this? Let me turn off this to the thing here. I'd tell you, but I can't get any of them. Oh. Well, let's see. 90. All the other things. And mostly while you run vacation, everybody's flying all their favorite flags. So there's a lot of people in the area. You're happy to finally use them. Well, let's time that look over. Oh, and the home of the 120 point. Why are you doing it? Why are you doing it? Right. Have a good day. I hope you're having a lot of folks are having a good day. Okay. With all the respect bomb, I love Bob. We were, but this ain't got nothing to do with the weather. So maybe somebody out there can cool us in as to what the latest protest is all about. And it's what's again, the Cuban truckers rhymes with the, yeah, mother. Yeah. Yeah. Bastards. It's all the truckers. It's all the truckers? Yes. And what is it all about? The fuel price. Oh, it is. Just like when I've speculated before. But why do we all have to take it up to the right? We're doing it in Toronto. They were doing it in some other places around America. Why can't they just say, okay, let the other cities take care of the protest. And let's leave the poor bastards. They want us for trying to get from point 80 point B down here. They've already had enough hassles already. Let's cut the crap. Can they do that? Oh, God. Damn it. We're sick of it. I'm not an ear happier. I paid like a buck 689 for a super couple of days ago. Buck 70 for a gallon of gas. More than I've ever paid my life. And I can just barely squeeze it out. And the cash too. Our phone, by the way, is all screwed up again. I just mentioned that in passing. I mean, all screwed up. Big time. I just mentioned that in passing. Here it is. Good. 10 past 11 at 5. 50 WQMs. Sorry, guys. In low. A little Mr. Rockair. How are you doing here, Clearboy? Excuse me? First up, sir. We will do the Rochak test. What? What? I said, love when you roll your tongue like that. All your boyfriends, huh? Oh, excuse me. Oh, God. Oh, no. Rochak test is in the in-blocks as they say in English. And I will show you these inkblots. And you'll tell me the first thing that pops into your mind. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Some more. Okay. What do you think, Mrs. Formal? Oh. And this? Lesboc. Okay. And this one? Insected Haitian. All right. How about this? Bobby Valentine riding the baloney pony. Interesting. What? That's moving along, shall we? Let's try some word association. I'll say word. And you tell me the first thing that pops into your mind. No, Mr. Rackwin started yet. Here we go. Dog. Dane is. He cached. Michael Wave. The color blue. Where? You don't chant. Why are we trying waiting among the four of you respond? Jerk. Mr. Racker. I only wish to be a friend. Why got me on this couch, Doc? You won't? What? You fact boy? John, I'm a man. Sure, yeah. What's your wife's name, Chuck? No, actually it's glad it's. Yeah, your glad it's your name and I hope that you're a family. How about you? Why are you running? That's not running, John. John, are you a wild thing? Do you make my heart sing? Welcome. It's 11. 16 is 5. 50 QM. Wow, so interesting. Mail are including in my first anniversary card of the year. Oh, and it's only like a week ahead of time. Less one day. It's next Wednesday. Right as March 1st, 24 years on a year. My mean, don't make any calls to anybody. That's an order. I already said it wasn't going to. Yeah, but you like to do this. Something about you. You just have this sick thing about doing that. I just couldn't want. Well, don't let anybody sick you want it either. No, I hate that. I hate that. I hate that. This is a cousin, Rosie. Remember that I hate any of you like poison, but I just decided to call. I am happy anniversary. Yeah, yeah, good idea. Next Wednesday, 24 years on a year of Miami, March 1st, 1976, WKAT. How you doing, Sid Levent? Anyway, Cheryl and Glenn, some of you are really nice to anniversary card. And also include, of course, more important than the card. It says, got this from the 98 degrees dot com. I do pay attention when you talk to his Cheryl. And here's the whole thing about Nick Lacky, who was born November 9th, November 9th. That's only four days after my birthday, a few years later, 1973, which would make him this in November 27 years old, getting pretty old Nick. 5, 10, 180 pounds, hair brown eyes blue, penis larger than most. Brother, sister, brother, brother, all kinds of interesting stuff. How do you like that on here? The tapered flower is the rose. Oh, well, there's still hope, I guess. 5, 6, 7, and what am I giving them? I'm going to give them the numbers now, for Chris Line. For here, I think maybe, uh, hello. Hello. Hello. Maybe, well, put it up, I'm done. Hello. I'm going to be there in this code in the fall of front number. And how about Line 8? That one is a couple of long-prepared. Nick, what's your problem with getting my, what's going to do with silly glasses? Nick can get a haircut. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T. What was Line, okay? Let me put Nick or Lacky in my pocket here, real close to my heart. Let's take a call for, and let me just say this. Okay, I know I'm speaking on behalf of a lot of other people out there, because most people they got busy stuff and they got things to do. And they're much of pussy's anyway, they're not going to call to show most people. But I think most of them would agree with me that this, this crap and around on the roadways, every time you get pissed off about something is unfricing acceptable, okay? If you want to protest, all you guys get together, park your goddamn V-hickle somewhere, and get out there with signs and do it's a good old-fashioned American frickin' way with protest cards and stuff. Not, not piss it off. See, I hate to break the news to you guys, but everybody else that you're in convincing out there in the road, they're also painted and I was for gas. And please don't tell me that you were the only ones who drive for a living, because there's plenty of salesmen and other assholes out there who have to drive at delivery people, or a messengers, all kinds of people who drive for a living, and most of them listen to the show by the way, and God bless them. And they're paying to those, for God damn, gas. Are they out there blocking off the road? No. No. No. No. So if that bad enough, that every time the humans get pissed off about something, they got to block off the road to get everybody up into a frenzy, and screw up this whole town and give us more bad publicity. But now the truckers, because they're porked off because the goddamn oil prices are through the sky, because we've been held hostage by a bunch of crazy goddamn barbaric tenta-world countries, like Venezuela and Iraq, and Norway, all of a sudden, what's with those goddamn Norwegians? I'll tell you one new, Toronto bomb boy. And all you'd see would be the, you would be able to see the force for the goddamn clouds. That's what Beful told me this morning, but he was actually speaking to me in the hallway, and I'm like that, and he just kept talking. I keep doing that, and he just keeps talking. Here's a mobile implantation, hello. Anyhow, how you doing? Pretty good, sir. Major picker port between a 25-hour, on the university. There's a port, or he looks like he has a sniper. He has his radar. That is a piece out, yeah. He's got three motorcycle costs right behind the way to go in action. Unbelievable. Doing what for speeding again. He's got the radar gun out again. Of course, same old tired crap, man. I'm so sick and tired of that. Even a cop that called here, men to go. He's honest enough as a speed, doesn't kill. People are running red lightskill. That's a true cop. I like that guy. Amen. We love that guy. 12 those pigs. You fudge packing. Okay. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T wireless line. Man, look at his line four line eight. Who do we appreciate? It's your right to phone company. I'll tell you that. Oh, so anyway, getting back to meet you one. See how to sort of ties in together. I thought you would. So I decided I'd call out a few days ago for that roadrunner thing. Because I'm sick and tired and please, that I want to do another show on that. We got all the input and the output. I'm not interested. I'm real happy with the roadrunner. It is like instant. No more signing on. No more using the phone line and tying up your phone line. I mean, you turn on your APC and then go. There it is. You're clicked on your internet explorer thing. And within two seconds, you're on it. Nothing else to do. No signing on. No password. No code. No gain. No bullcraft. It's great. And fast. Lightning. I mean, like lightning fast. Things that used to take 20 minutes to do on me with the old, the modem and the old, the IP ISP. 10 seconds. So I love the roadrunner thing and we run. And the two guys that they sent out yesterday and I see. Media one farms this out. Just like everything else in business. You're calling somebody, whether it's sears or whether it's media one, no matter who you call and you think you're doing business with them. But guess what? Wrong. Wrong. They farm it out. And so the roadrunner people who hook up this super fast ISP thing for you, they're not Media one people at all. In fact, when their van shows up and it's got a different name on it, that should be the first clue that they don't work for Media one. And there are a couple of young guys who are basically obviously computer guy. Not cable guys, computer guys even Jim Carrey would know that. When I noticed you're putting that lip balm on, let's make sure you remember we're guiding light. Not 10 any of my guiding light people out there must be an intensive care this week. The most intense week on a show in years. In years on guiding light. And finally, finally they catch on as Matt opens up the lip balm and she mirrors it on Vanessa's lips and she's thinking, quick to win that. And he gives her a kiss on the lips a little later on. Oh, that note tastes too good. There's something wrong. And he wipes it off her post and the lip balm too. So I think we're getting real close to the end for what's your name, Carmen. That shows getting really, really intense, really good. But anyway, so they should help you yesterday at about four o'clock. And there were, you know, the appointment is between two and five. So I had my friend Dave, you know, big Dave, he goes over to the house. It's just in case, you know, I don't get there on time. So he hangs around because he wants to see how this thing works. They show up at four. It should take 15 minutes to install it, okay? Because there's one thing that they got to stick to stick a new one thing in your computer on your modem. And then they had then they just had to hook up your left to your cable connection. The only problem is is my cable in that room connected to anything. No, no, it's a dead piece. Anybody out there in the audience got a dead piece? Uh-huh. But we have a lot of those. So now what they're going to do is they're going to go outside and string white cable wire all around to guide the in place. And the clock is rolling along and finally I go outside. It's oh yeah, well, we're going to string it through here and through there. And like in front of your doorway, and I said, no, I don't think so. Then it could have fly. And they can't string it up to the guy then, uh, addict because there's like a fire wall in there. And these guys aren't the kind of guys that are coming there and poke a hole in the fire wall like people or famous for doing an intention up there. They're not going to do that because they are cable guys. So I get on the phone. The final deal is we'll call media one and see what they can do. This is like two hours after the fact. I'm on the phone for if you ever tried calling media one for 15 minutes. I'm going to tell you there is a very special place in hell for me to do one. I want you to know that right now. A very special place in hell. You get put on hold and you sit there listening to music and you're praying in my ring. And finally it starts ringing and finally somebody picks it up and says, I'm 81, but by and you start telling them what you want. I'll have to transfer you before you can finish this sentence. You're back on hold again and the music is playing and you're holding and holding and squeezing. And in the meantime, I got an emergency here because these guys are standing around waiting to speak to somebody from there to try to find out what they'll do. So they can finish their job. To make a long story short, I finally finally get a hold of some operator bitch on there. I'm not using the name of the radio. Which I'm using my real name. I don't like throwing a name around because I don't want to make a team like I'm looking for special papers. Which I'm not. But as soon as I mentioned, the aririgars was on a phone. Then all of a sudden started, well all of a sudden there was a supervisor standing right there. As opposed to the voice mail supervisors, they kept connecting me to which there was nobody there. And I couldn't voice mail doesn't come to your to your help anytime soon. You're almost saying doesn't help out too much. But now here's like a living in breathing. Lady supervisor who is very nice by the way. And so she's going to do this and she's going to do that and go to call me back in Yadiya. Well, in the meantime, my friend, Dave goes into middle room. You know, my other one where I have my treadmill and all that the panthers stuff goes in there. And he sees that the cable is outlet on the wall is the two wires are just hanging. And that's where the break in the connections. See when they first put the stuff in a house, they loop it from one room to another. They do the loopy loop. They do a fruit loop. So I have cable in my bedroom, but not in the next two rooms and in the front room there. So now he brings the one kid in there. The station, Katie brings him in there. And he's a parking and checking and testing and sure enough. There's the cable is live in that room. So all he's got to do is hook that up and out it's in the next room. And now all of a sudden guess what it's in there. For a more more more computer is and guess what it's working now. Did you want to call me back by the way? No, no. Now maybe just maybe these people somehow got the message to them. They'll bother calling that fact. I mean, that guy back because you don't need to. Maybe that's possible, but I don't think so. What they put you through this business is putting people on hold and listening to music and on and on and on. It's unacceptable. On acceptable. You're crazy people. And the meantime, like I told the one supervisor, I'm trying to spend my money. You don't you understand? It's my money. I'm trying to get this thing hooked up. And I'm going to pay you 39.95 a month for this service. And you're still giving me a run around. And the bottom line is medium one. Just like with your cable service, you suck. You suck. You suck. You do business like Schmidt. But I do like the roadrunner. 27 after 11 and five said, but man, I said, there I said, it wasn't there like a little step left out here. Shouldn't what I call and make the appointment. Shouldn't she be asking me is that room cable ready? Is the cable active in that room? Yeah, you have a good point there so that these guys don't have to come out and pop your own for hours and try to do something that they can't do because medium one hasn't done their work. Well, you fudge back in. On the next Martha Stewart's living, Martha explained the slow road to recovery from Millennium fears after hiding in a closet for weeks, living on canned beans and water, waiting for the apocalypse. On the next show, Martha begins to eat solid food again. It's all on the next Martha Stewart's living. Look at that. That was down 255 and dropping like a rock. Nice going Alan Greenspan. No, he don't want to kill a stock market. He just wants to give us a lot of pain. Okay, cause a lot of spilkeys in a lot of heartache. Can you do it? Nice going Alan. You piece of crap. You you you turn exactly. 5 6705, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T line for lines that are working today, which is certainly not all of them. Here's the candle. Hello. New. Yes sir. Are you doing okay? Great fun. The worst. I was I've been listening to this morning. I know you wanted people to call you up talk about hockey. So that's what I'm doing. Yeah. I've been every panters game this year. The past three years as well. Even went to a staple center this year to check them out. And you know people talk about where else. I know you talk about them. And of course, you don't be great. It's play around the earth or far, you know, he's far from it. But as far as two penalties, no one really talks about Scott Bellonby and all the dumb penalties he takes. Well, we're not talking about Scott Bellon because he didn't take any stupid penalties last night. No, not last night. No. Have a back game. In addition to which Scott Bellonby is a very productive player and he's a skilled player who actually exceeds his own physical abilities and gives you 100% every game. So I like Scott Bellonby. He's a Peter Warrill and Peter Warrill brings nothing to the table. Absolutely nothing. If people want to watch the WWE F, it's on TV for free, you know, five times a week. He's not a hockey player. I mean, I wasn't calling really just for where I always wanted to talk about all the panters. The 14th course the trade deadline coming up. Yeah. You won't guy that I think that they're going to part with a fan favorite, but if you look at the stats, he hasn't really done anything this year. He's not producing on the fourth line. He's not producing on the fourth line because he's not a forward. You shouldn't be playing forward. You should be on the back to the fence, especially since you're being a. That's another Terry Murray bonehead move. He hardly gets any ice time. And I just love, by the way, the times he puts Warrill out there with Paul Laws. What is that? The Goon line? What is the point about? What is it accomplished? Right. I just think that law before that deadline comes. I think he's going to go. I don't agree with you at all. You think you're going to say? I think if Murray comes to a sense, he's going to put him back on defense because anybody needs good tough defense right now. It's this team. Their defenses think of the joint out. The rest soft is marshmallow. I mean, I don't know what he's waiting for. Why hasn't he done it already? I have no idea. Because he's a hard ass. Don't you understand this man is a hard ass. He's the last one to admit that he ever made a mistake. So he's not going to tell you he made a, he blew it by putting Warrill on the ice three times in last five minutes. Last five minutes last night. What he's going to do is screaming how are about the penalty and say it was a shoulder not an elbow and point to finger with somebody else. Just like he's pointing to finger at Ray Widdney having a slump now, even though everybody knows Widdney's playing with a bad back and that's the reason he's not playing as well right now. The probably should need to be playing. You hear about the Yaggers new entry. I'm not talking about the hamstring. Just some came up. I think early this morning, he's in the hospital with a thigh condition. Yeah. They said it has none to do with the hamstring. That's interesting. He probably will be back for a while. Say, La Vee. That means Pabelle can just pull farther and farther away. It sounds good to me. How about that performance like Trevor last night? It's phenomenal. I mean, let me say it again. You can't have your gold tenders be expected to play like that every night. Just to stay in the game and it's getting to the point where every single game now again is good competition. The goal is got to stand on his head or this team is going to get blown out. You can't do it. You can't totally write. So they better get with it. They've got to get a good performance for that. That line and also maybe a second line center there as well. And in two bad that they hesitated before Montreal continued with his winning streak. They had going, they were willing to trade Vladimir Malikov for Kavasha, who is useless as doctor and his team like today hamden a hard way. Well, we don't know. And now Montreal may not want to trade him because that looks like they're going to make a real run to play off. I mean, they can trade guys like need a mile before we can't control you. But I mean, everything just they way too long. And you know, it's probably going to be one of those years where he just throws a deal in there like he did last year. Just give it up for a winner for Wilson just to say he did something. Well, let's listen. I could write volumes on that. Wilson's useless. Totally useless. Who do you rather have right now? Right, Warner or Mike Wilson. Oh, right, Warner. I mean, look at the trade everyone talks about the two barns trade. But no one even. All you hear about his barns well. Look at the guy they also gave them Jason woolly. Yeah, I wouldn't have even traded it. Well, they're not well. You can't listen. Have a great day, Tom. This guy wants to dissect the whole team. I appreciate your enthusiasm and all in the team. But that's the first way. It's a way. It's a way. Believe me. In an audition. We'll leave from Shembole in this purple people. Eater. 567. 560 pound. 560 on the AT&T line. The other timeline. 877. 785. 6345. 877. 785. 6345 on the world famous out of town. I'm the only one. It's got any commentary on these attract drivers. I'm not as crap that keeps going on. So I guess I'm wrong. Markets down 204 points in color crag is still fat. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, how are you? Listen. I just want to comment on this absolutely nothing. Just a normal heavy traffic. And I had come up with the airport expressway in 95. And that's flowing. Just heavy. Okay. So whoever goes up about the trucker is crazy. Mummy, we had two calls about that. Well, that cleared up by now. Neil, listen. Last night on the ground. We were going to get a quick comment. Beach Boys. Never. One of gravity. The beach Boys. You talk about political. Yeah. Jennifer Lopez has that. The biggest snow day. Because she had hampered dress. And for her to come on television like that. Incredible. Incredible. One quick comment about the factors that second goal yesterday. That they tied their score. Yeah. Okay. The guy was in the crease for like. Breakfast lunch and dinner. No. Yeah. That's right. And Terry Murray's comment. Yeah. And he's like, oh, and the counter doesn't that brilliant the meantime. What's he doing in there? Why doesn't somebody clear him his ass out of there? Yeah. How can he say last year's rules? I mean, we're playing this year's rule. Yeah. You've got to check the guy out. You put a good morning back to it. Because Terry Murray is a moron. That's why. And I've told you that for two years. But nobody wants to listen. No, you just don't like. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You don't like Peter Whirl. That's true because he's not a player. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. How's line for coming along? They get into the air. Success with friction. Yeah. So, if you guys can listen to call me, please hang up and call me again. You can listen to me. And I'll watch you later. Just watch. Just watch. Just watch. Just watch. Just watch. Just watch. Just watch. Just watch. Oh, wow. That's your commercial. That last one. Clean my sign. This is out. Man. The game continues. Ladies and gentlemen, here at WQA, we'll never get the phone system working. When all the promises, all the BS, all the lawyers involved. Will they ever make this phone system work? No. Here it is. The 24th of February. Allegedly. Next Wednesday, March 1st, which is my 24th anniversary on the year in this town. We're going to have this big new fanty, schmante, better the best in the world system. Anybody believe in it? No. Anybody expected to be here? No. Anybody expected to work even if it does show up? No. 21 before noon at QAM. God, Hank, is going to be a flagver day two. We've got her, Koon Hotline at 6th. Panthers, if Carolina is seven or clock tonight, a must win game. Not maybe, but a must win tonight. Or else it's going to be. Exactly. The sports leaders. Sports radio 560. QAM. I did go 8m. My baby. Babel's seen me in the store. I'm looking for love forevermore. And they know that I will succeed. Because I'm looking for a playball. I magazine. My one and only girl. Just there with their beautiful curls. 36 old D. Can they make her wild as me? I'm just there up on the bathroom wall. And where I'm putter, she's in that look tall. And there's my tall, stiff curl. I was so sick to get mad on the world with my playball. My boy boy. My girl. I had any and all the friends. No jealousy over the barbeque. I had Jenny McCartney before. She became an a TV host. You know what? I'm just there up on the ground. I'm just there up on the ground. I'm just there up on the ground. My boy. My boy. My boy. Now I have a grown up man. Mary, two more than my right hand. I'll like who's my derimilar. My stand is your playboy so high. She threw them all away. Now all the time has her face. Now I stand here all alone. I throw a smile to them all to me. My boy. I'm so mad. I'm a work-backed chariot, sick of the catalog. I'm a work-backed chariot, sick of the catalog. 14 till noon at 5.60 pm. Here's a call in Davy. Hello. Good morning. Yes sir. I need your honor to pay you know something. Marty McSorley, out of the league. Great. What do you mean out of the league? You think he should be kicked out of the league? No. No. You're going to be tired. They should spend it in the rest of the year in the playoffs. Then he'll retire. He's out of the league. He won't be coming back. You said you were sitting with Dean Osis really last game. Correct? Yeah. What do you think about his incident back in 1988? What do you think of the league? More than just an accident jail? No. All I didn't see the tape of it. No. I don't know. I didn't see it this slow and low freeze frame. And 400,000 points. Yeah. All right. This one showed at least 50,000 times in the last three days. You know people love blood in the gut. Absolutely. What can you do? All right. Do you want to include Dean? Mezzardine has no penis. 560, 50, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's the lady in highly, hello. Yes, ma'am. I got the truckers and I got it from the Harold's, so must be true. Yeah. This is different truckers, same issues. These are the dump truck drivers and they're not delivering sale and gravel and rock. So they're slowing down all of the road projects. Why is that? Why aren't they delivering? They need a 35% increase in race. They can't make ends meet. Yeah. And the reason they might not. I was yesterday's story about the fact that they were making all the money last year and other losing the race. I saw that. Well, this is from page today. Okay. And the reason they might not be on the format of is because it has any drivers plan to dramatize their, they're taking a convoy of dump trucks through downtown Miami Street. So if you don't have to come down there for any reason. I wouldn't go to downtown Miami anyway, so. Don't blame me. But that, you know, that just clears up a little bit. They've been on strike these days. They're the first cargo went back. dump trucks didn't. Okay. Thanks for the bad news. All right. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a four-laterdale hub. Four-laterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. You almost dumped me. Almost. I was at the, I worked last night. And I was listening to the game and you can ask somebody to call you and confirm this. But Jigs MacDonald last night said that the guy ran into Peter Warrell's elbow. That's what he said. I don't care. I don't care. What he said. And he's potpancin' it was a shoulder nut. I don't care about anybody. So I saw it and they shoot it 400 times. And I know what it was. It was an elbow to the head. But I was listening to it on the radio. Yeah. And he said it would keep ran into me. Why do you keep repeating that? I know that. Let me say it again. I don't care what he said. Okay. When you're dealing with people who give you one side as you or what happened, give you a tanked version of the fact. It means nothing to me. I saw it. And I'll say it again. He had no business being out there because even if he did hit it with a shoulder with his reputation and the way he cheats shots people all the time, sooner or later he's going to get called for it. He had no business being out there with a game on the line. Well, I was out there on Monday and he had no business payment. Okay. 560505060, pound 560 on the AT&T line. The outer town line is open and working. I believe line line. Let's check it out. Okay. Oh, it sounds clean as a whistle to me. 877-785-6345. Thank God for these lines that work. Here's North Miami, hello. You're getting a happy 30th. Are you in the mail? Oh, yes. Yeah, they're happy 30th for you. Yeah. Let me hear you. Let me hear you. What's holding you back? I'm not doing you tiring. Yeah. Yeah, why? I said, what's holding you back? I'm not retiring. I know that you don't like a flower right anyway. Well, let me ask you something. What's holding you back? I'm switching the dial. Well, I mean, what's holding you back? No, I just got you asking you a question. What's holding you back? I'm switching the dial. I'm switching the dial. I mean, for one meal. For another show. For another station. Why? Because you obviously don't like this one. Well, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, I mean, you're going to give me an answer. You're listening voluntarily, okay? Here because I have to be here. What about you? You have to be listening? Well, I can come into a lot, you know? Okay. Good. And we don't like your calls. You sound like a retard. 560-560-550. I mean, I can't hear you. I would tell you back. We don't even have an actual, like you are holding me back, sure. What the hell would I do with myself if I couldn't come in and talk to the intelligence of software every day like you, sir? Eeeey. What the hell would life be worth living without talking to wonderful people like you? I mean, I mean, I don't even know how to hear you back. I would say about a million bucks is holding me back. Okay. You got it. Right me a check. And I wait for it to clear the bank. It'll be clear. You won't hear me. No, no. Okay. Your problems will be over. The mobile and the mobile phone will be. Chillow. Hey, damn. You got it. It's a print kind of a trigger report. She's got it. A traffic court. I got to take it a couple months ago for a speeding. But I saw the cup holding his pickup book in his hand and not the radar gun. And I drove by and down, she had fit. And I guess my car wrapped up. So we got paid. Because I was talking about half the goal to do that in front of him. So he gives me a ticket. I go there. And I took the judge. Hey, and I didn't even see him. He wasn't even holding the laser. And when I did tell the cop that he said, well, you think I made it up. And then he ran back, gave me the ticket and quit. As soon as I set that to the judge, he said, guilty. You won't. Don't check for that. No, no, no. I don't know. You won't. The copy. Because the cop doesn't know why. I give the deal. When I say, yeah, I won't. Okay. And I don't know. You saw, you know, I've come. I can't be wrong. I'm automatic. I'm automatic. And if he's too far. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Out of town line is waiting on your 877-775-63345. Here's coconut creek. Here's coconut creek. Here I am. A new listener, Neil. Yes, sir. But I have a state on our favorite sheriff in Brad County. Uh-huh. You were that you played on running from Mayor of Brad County. If the reference for that. That news is older than last year's Hollivar. Yes, sir. Well, it's a... You were aware that he trails and pulls by 140%. But I just filled out my absentee ballot. Right. And the referendum question is on that. Yeah. But if the public asses that thing were, it's for real trouble. Because you're going to have another lamellal. Remember that name? Yeah. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. And that action can be. Okay, thank you. 560, I'm going to tell you seriously. I am having a difficult time staying awake. Okay. I'm having a real tough time staying awake. Why would you only hold a U-back? Why don't you hold a U-back? 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T Wireless Line. Out of townline, we're waiting on you people over there. All over the world. All over the universe. 877, 785, 6345. We pay for it. We got that line and after you have no idea. It took it's threatening to take them to court to put in that line. And it actually works most of the time. And it's sitting there as dead as a door nail. Just like this town, just like this state. That is a freaking door nail. Here's Limey B. Hello. Hey, good morning. Yes, sir. That hockey player that's sliced the other hockey player. Morning, sorely, yeah. Yeah, we could use him over here to make a, we'll make the rounds at the local TV stations. Uh-huh. Maximum sense in these, uh, newscasters here. Uh-huh. And I'll let her note, uh, I got a call from marketing firm out of South Dakota or something in market research where there were, uh, again, I guess the whole crux of the conversation all, uh, the reason for the study was that, uh, they're trying to get a feel for, uh, public funds in the, uh, on the stadium. And they asked everything from, uh, what do you think of the John N. Ray, uh, the, uh, Wayne Eisenhower, uh, I'm a scale of one to five. Failure on the favorable. Yeah. So they're actually putting money out to, uh, see, uh, they don't have to do that. They're going to just do it. Uh, yeah. Yeah, well, they paid their paying big money, I guess, to, uh, pull the public and, uh, yeah. Yeah. They're looking to pull the public all right. That's COL, that's what they're doing. One of the big things that they're really trying to play for, uh, and, uh, kept asking the question over and over. What about taxing the cruise ship passengers and extra three dollars? Not going to happen, man. You can't even have a, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. That's what they feel. That's okay. Thanks. Have a great day. I'm trying like I said, give me some notes, George. I'm having a very difficult time. They all sound like they're just on the verge of going into a Vanessa light coma. Okay. Maybe they wanted to watch it a little bit too much guiding light. Uh-huh. I had to put them over the edge. Maybe they're rubbing that lip balm on their lips too much. 409 votes yesterday. 3606, when you were a provisperning tax dollars for new baseball stadium in South Florida. 3606 said, no, only 43 said yes. 89 to 11% and a half to 10 and a half percent of it more precise. Overwhelmingly positively. No, that's all you need to know. Four minutes till noon at five 60. Your coma inducing station, QAM. This is five 60, UAF. The Neil Rogers show sports radio, five 60s. You a M. You a M. You a M. Five deaths is an asshole. It's a foul. It's an asshole. It's a trouble. Oh, guys, you're in fine. You said to put those deaths up, starving frauds. That's in the kitchen for day below. Now you know why I went to the actor, what that smoked it to me is so crazy too. Isn't that crazy too crazy too much? Oh, after all of my hits record, all of that my dad ever said one. So big thanks to find a job when you get back from being a no-yet-five dad. You said asshole. I'll take that. You said asshole. Yes, he's all right. You said you said you told those deaths up, now they're brought back in the kitchen for day below. At the high, okay? You want to walk upstairs? Say you're sedating all the dead dogs. I don't know, serious, I was saying we don't have to focus on my hits. So, you know why I shot a few bucks that I'll do a little read time? Well, my height has to never walk home. Goodbye, bye, bye, bye. I'm about to at 5.62. Anyway, we have a spy reports that then it's my fault for not remembering the name. That's Marie, the old crocheted disgusting old fart. I called before. What the hell? What's your, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, let me see how many of those. I never called them already before. Yeah, right. The one I called yesterday on this show, what's now which part is more, uh, physical, more violent, uh, football, or hockey? And then he calls the worst thing this morning with the same question. The only difference being, uh, he's one of their chronics. Because they're much opposed to you. So they're willing to talk to the same 10, 15 people day after day after day, after day, whether it's richy from Boris head, whether it's ability, uh, the jet span, building the Marlon, whoever the hell it is. And then this up, noxious old Marie was celebrating his 180, 50th birthday today. Cox a hoist, Marie, okay. Cox a hoist. A QA in Vanillby and Hollywood today, it's 10, uh, Miguel will not be there. I'm sorry about that. I'll think that the nephew may have nicked pictures of Miguel to hand out in lieu of that. Try my Thai restaurant was where they're going to be at 21 Harrison Street in Hollywood, with passes that he third annual New Times International Beer Festival, which is the tomorrow. You call that a penis from 1230 to 130 PM. Well, it's close to starting to that. They're going to be at the try my Thai restaurant. And they're actually a Christian nephew in the QN Van. Look forward and you know, make them feel like he's wanted. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line, here's the lady in Hollywood, hello. Hi, hello, you Neil. Okay. I just wanted to say that I was really happy to stay covered. Headback in the last night. Aha. You could have saved a tattoo or a job. I knew he would. He was the only guy to show it up to play the game last night. And Boris I was concerned. And everyone's crying over whether that was a good call or bad call. It really didn't matter because if we were to play at hockey for the first 59 minutes and 45 seconds, we never would have been an opposition. So what just wanted to happen? Even in addition that they still had the game one after the Coslaw's penalty shot, they still had the game one. And because they cannot play defense, this team refuses to play defense, they refuse to hit anybody. As a result of that, that's why they let them back in the game. And then he puts this guy back out there again three times in the last five minutes. And just like an open invitation, just wait for disaster and see if we can't give the game away. And they did. Yeah, and that seems like lately that probably ever gives a game the way. So I hope they get to have to get it before the playoffs though. I'm real dubious about what they're going to play for Terry Murray. I have my doubts. Right? Yeah. I think that might be able to play together. I hope so. All right. Take care, Neil. I'll have a chance in Carolina tonight. We'll have the game for you on QM7 o'clock tonight. Carolina Huracunes 560, 50560, 560 on the AT&T line. How do timeline is the dormit? They got nothing for us today. 877, 785, 6345. They're out there busy by net stock. We can't talk about it. Aren't they the ones that are buying it? Oh yeah. They're lined up. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, I was calling about the. Yeah. Yeah, likely story. Here's a mobile in North Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, that guy to call about the judge finding him guilty. You can tell him and everybody else in day can. He comes to presidential elections, remember these judges. For the hands of the election to the same time. And nobody gives a damn who gets in there. They're more concerned with the presidential election than these judges. And as far as Carpool and his concern, all that will find money goes to the S.A. What are you talking about? And as far as the Carpool and what are you talking about? Well, I'm talking a refer to a show you have back by the tempered fines police. About the Carpool lane? Well, that's another item. That's the Carpool lane. The one thing is, where is there a Carpool lane in tempered fines? I'm referring to the same subject. It is. Sure it is. The police and the Carpool lane. Well, that's fine. That fine money goes to the other budget. That's why they're pushing it so much. And it's not the dimension that they're putting themselves in harm's way. And the motorists and harms way doing what they're doing. Okay. Whatever you say, sir, anybody know what he's talking about? No, we let the interpreter home again today. Damn it. I hate when that happens. Because I haven't got any idea what these people are talking about. I don't want to talk about all your complaint about your goddamn traffic tickets. I told my story about nearly getting killed by somebody because it affects all of us. Because someday one of you may out there may God forbid you killed by somebody who's running a red light. And that's the kind of police work we want to see get done. But all these people that got their own little beast about somebody got to tick it and somebody went to court. At the moment, it's exciting. It's picking God in corn kernels out of your record. Okay. And what about this genetically engineered corn? Does that come out the same way it goes in? I'll thank God for that. Because otherwise, what are some of these people going to do in our spare time? Here's Miami. Hello. Miami? Hey, you know how you doing? Okay. This is kind of an old story now, but I'm going to hold for a while. And down here on this game of 28, at least 50 dump trucks, honking their horns with flags, waving, took up all of their scheme bulls, art for 15 minutes. I don't know if somebody's already called and told you about that, but entertaining itself. What do you mean it's entertaining itself? Because I'm not driving. Okay. Thanks. 5605056, the Pomp 560 on the AT&T line. This is the worst. Every time you think you've reached the lowest point of your life, this today is the all-time worst. We've had days with fewer calls, in fact very recently. And we've had days when more lines were working with fewer calls. But the content of a Georgia's eyes are like slits that like Asian eyes at this point. Just barely open it. Just slits. In fact, I think we ought to start drinking a slits or two-middle, keep us awake. You know what I'm saying? Oh my God. You talk about lack of material. That could go for slits. Yeah, slits rhymes with NFL star thanks. Jesus after successful double homicide. Charleston, South Carolina, Washington, Redskins, defensive end. The Andre Banks gave all thanks and praise to my personal Lord and Savior. Jesus Christ Monday, forgiving the strengthening. He needs a fatally stab, bounce your eyes at Edmund and ex-girlfriend. The cool Hamilton outside of Charleston, nightclub early Sunday morning. All glory and disease is the 25-year-old Banks who attended the University of South Carolina, total reporters from his cell in the Charleston County jail. He has with me in this dark hour as he was in our devastating 14-13 playoff lock to the bucket ears. He's level seen me through this. According to police reports that approximately 230 AM, a visibly intoxicated banks became involved in altercation with Edmunds regarding who would accompany Hamilton home. When Edmund's attempted to restrain banks, the 288 pound devout Christian produced a knife and Stad Banks in Hamilton repeatedly. He then fled to the home of girlfriend and hudders waitress, Lisa Nolan and nearby summer villa. Jesus' hudder waitress did top it all off. Jesus will be proud of that because Jesus likes big hudders. Hallelujah. You know, yesterday, I turned the end of the show. I made a comment which I've made about 25-minute times before, but I want to be fair. I was asking people I was talking about neighborhood that had become so bad. We talked about 79th and Miss Gaines of Matter of fact, 11 city. So today I'm going to give you an opportunity equal times since I'm perceived as being a racist and a bacher of dark-complexed folks. I would like to give you a chance to call in with all the neighborhoods that have improved that have gotten better since dark folks moved in. What? You don't think that's going to take very long? No, just stop and think about it. Tell me all the neighborhoods, not just here, but we have people from all over the country. Tell me about all the neighborhoods that have gotten markedly better and safer and better places to live since black people moved in. And we can kind of even it out. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line, 9 minutes past noon a QAM. I have to stop right now. Yes, I'm the illustrious John Randler. You may have just said to know that my lovely wife and I have written a book concerning our own theories surrounding the tragic death of our lovely little daughter. Now, as you well know, the police found no footprints in this snow around our whole. So that leads us to do the easy it was the work of the obsidian order, sending assassins into our home by article transport beings around it by blue light. The Ramsey's Dream Theory. And it was available from random killing books. Okay, 1214 to 5, 50 WQR, our poor question yesterday was about the, are you a hockey fan? It was pretty, a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot of websites. 250 CBS, 100, 34 said no. Today's full question is American needs stronger gun control laws. And so far we have one short of 100 votes. Ninety-nine votes. 72 say, and 27 say, so the percentages are pretty easy to figure out since it's almost time revotes. 72 and a half percent say yes and 27 and a half percent say no. Like about 3 to 1. But you still have plenty of time between now and 10 o'clock tomorrow morning to vote. Just click on neo-ranges.com and vote on a website and you know, yeah, but nobody's going to shoot you. I'm going to look for you vote unless you're just in a wrong neighborhood at the wrong time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You know, people have been telling me about all these other alternatives we have to build south and all different phone systems that are available. All the other things that we could be doing, you know, huh? There are. Yeah. Sure way. You guys are well, mobile and Jupiter, hello. We are. My name is Mitch and I'm on the term pie today. I'm on a cell phone on my own nickel. It's on the long time. This is second time call. Can you hear me? Yes. Okay. When I got to these ticket terminals that we are stopping the same tolls and you get a little ticket. Well, the ticket for a little. They reduce the size of the tickets. They're now about the size of a ticket that you get a Gulf stream or something. Yeah. And I'm bad at felwood. I don't understand. What does that mean? The tickets are little. Well, you know, when you call on the term pie, can you want to go to a land or someplace? If you regular size ticket, it's about. So how big does this ticket have to be? Are you blind? I mean, there shouldn't stop you from driving obviously because this is Florida. But I mean, how small are they? They're one inch by four inches. Yeah. I just had an nostalgic boat in my body. Okay. Well, listen, let me just put it to this way, sir. That should be your worst problem. And it sounds to me like four inches is plenty in your case. This is the kind of thing. Like I said before, here's the story about this girl, a little bit of color. Rattle. She survived all of this horror and trauma. And then she sees a guy who always brings up right by the school. And that's what these people are worried about. The one guy's worried about the guy named Passing Lane. And whatever it is in pepper pines, which they don't have one. And this guy's worried about how big it is. And the ticket, too. There is no hope. There is no hope. So when I tell you day after day when I honestly pour my heart out to you and tell you, I'm here to get a paycheck. I'm not here to save the human race. I'm here to give everybody a few yucks and to do my best to fake my way through four hours. Talk at idiots, bosos, morons, embassels, low lives, no lives. I mean, if this is what my life revolved around, believe me. I would throw my brains out immediately. I'd be right out here on 441. I'd cruise on up to the very first pawn shop I could find. And right there, it's a little 441 blow by brains out. It's cheaper to take her clothes off and jump from there. Why don't I move her my beautiful core vet? If that's how vacuous my life was. That that's something that I would consider. How big the ticket is they give you out of the turn pipe. My life will never be the same. I mean, if I was concerned with size all my life, I'd have a real complex, okay? You do the best you can with what you got. 567.0560 pound five 60 on the 18 T line. This is special today. Is it special? How do you bet your sweet ass? Here's a mobile in Fort Myers, hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes sir. I'm not about giving that creep back to the goalie. A second goal left. Let me say it for the eight million times. There's nothing wrong with the rule. The goal you never had any business to have the whole crease. And in addition to which there's this thing called the fence, which is supposed to keep guys out of there. And the rule is different this year and the goal did count. And go have a nice life with Terry Murray, okay? Stop crying and whining and making excuses for a team that isn't playing well. Let's give them games away. That's giving Christmas gift in February. You don't get it through you sir. You don't understand. If I have to choose between the way they're enforcing the rule this year. And what they did last couple of years with that toenail in the crease. Believe me, this year beats it all the hell. And if we would have been one of the panthers that was in the crease and stuff that in there, just like Darcy Tucker with his first goal for least last night. Then I don't really shove the puck in the night on the rebound. But when flying in there and stuff, just to make sure it went in the net. And not only be score one last night, but that guy because I've been ripping my ass score two. I have a life flipping it back out and I have a life back in again. And I've worked away from Darcy Tucker on the board to the nearest side of the Rire. I'm back and then from the park corner, hopefully I have to hustle after it. And play some hit for my funding, I'm back. Funding in all the line. Looking for someone up above him. Oh, hey, back alone. He's high to get him. But that was the worst time. That was the right cut. But because we're so intensive after the podium, today we could do the right cut. From a quality, he just played a deep into the peanut fair. And take your thing and we'll end it in the right cutter. Round on the board to the second. And that's the quality. And you cut that. And then the lead. And then the lead. Thank God, desperate but we'll take it. I mean desperate hanging on for a dear life. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5. All look at that. Look at that. All of a sudden it's a miracle. Do you believe in miracles? Yes. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Yes sir. What are those two come from? Those two. Man, those two idiots that were on before. Which ones we've had a run on him here now? I must be able to tell with pennies. Anyways, you asked a question about the neighborhoods? Yes. Only one that I can think of right off my head. And that's because I've been doing a lot of work up there. There's a pretty short discounting in Maryland. It's almost completely black and property values have been up quite substantially. Of course it's a little bit of a quiet professional folks that are moving in there. But I don't know. I can't think of anything in any other place. Anywhere. Anywhere. Not one. So regardless, good you all. Well that's the first out of my list. Thank you sir. There you go. Prince George is county Maryland. How about here in South Florida, got any? How I'm waiting. Neighborhoods that have improved since black people moved in. How about north day? No. North Miami Beach? No. North Miami? No. Lemon City? No. 567. I mean see, I just wonder about that. I just don't get that. And please don't give me the song. Then it's about white flight. Everybody else moves out. But so what does that necessarily mean? I can turn into a slum into a toilet. Does that necessarily have to happen? No. I mean you know there could be a whole bunch of Polox mob in your neighborhood tomorrow. Is that maybe the means going to be a slum? Well. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Any else? Yes sir. Great. Great. Interesting toppings today. But what's the topic is that? All the neighborhood. Oh. I can tell you. I can't say a one place that has improved. I can tell you from experience. Live it in New York. Uh, how neighborhood did change after they moved in. Yeah. So we had, we had a, we ran an apartment building in New York in Queens. Yeah. Northern Boulevard, 82nd Street. From a 1923 down on on 20, 100 of you up. Another bullet word. It was all black. Yeah. You can actually draw a line on the floor and see how they were moving up on the blind. On the blocks. Okay. Yeah. It's, it's invisible border. Like an invasion. Yeah. It was an invisible border. You know, the houses that were all nice and taken care of. They were not being in purple and green and probably that cars all over the place. Yeah. Don't you like a purple Cadillac, though. Yeah. Right. And one more thing. That Marty, uh, Mussordi. Yes. She should be lined up in shot. And all you had to say, all he said. Maybe she should maybe they should look down on the sheer pool of trigger. Oh, all he said in the interview was, he's was a bad judgment. Yeah. I made him a state. Yeah. Well, maybe if we pulled the trigger, be a bad judgment too. All the way. I don't think so. My point exactly. Okay. I'm a great day. And I like to get all my face to God. Okay. Praise God. Praise sweet Jesus. After you stabbed a couple of people for us, then you do it. 5605050, 560 on the AT&T Wireless Life. I mean, seriously, if people want to belly ach about this whole thing about the people being put upon, then why is it necessary that if I let you move it to my neighborhood, and all the people of your black or purple or green or yellow or drive a pinned will be a lot of you drive. Why does this quality of the neighborhood have to go into a toilet? I don't understand that. In-excuseable. And then you turn around and you blame people for moving out. So you don't get that. People move out because they don't want to live in a slump. They don't want to live in a toilet. We got a couple of black people in my neighborhood. And that's enough. Here's a mobile in Jensen Beach. Jensen Beach. Jensen Beach. Hey, Neil, how are you? Great. I grew up in the police yours in County Maryland. I'm glad I'm not there anymore. The values of those property don't even want up because of the quarters that were given for people to get into the government. That's why the mid, you know, upper middle class professionals, the white light was out to Virginia. If you want to see property values going up. Yeah. In Virginia and Howard County and coughed in the areas like that, that's where it's going up. That's where the light has moved or southern Maryland has gone up dramatically. But PG County is that hell? Really? I grew up there. Yeah. So I don't know. I mean, I can't imagine it'd be being embraced by the business up to growing up because of that situation. Okay. All right. I got you down. Thank you. So the words are, you got along the guy was the making incentive. You know, he was trying desperately to find one answer to the question. And he may have been reaching a little bit. Thank you. He was reaching a little bit for it. Just like the other guy was reaching for his foreign chest. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I mean, that may have been even better than the guy who, well, oh, it's big of a sort in the buffet. I'll say that for another day. That thing about attacking the buffet. That's a great fact. I'm not really sure which one was better. How do you attack the buffet? The Chinese buffet or the Niskaya with his foreign stub? That's worried about how big it is on the turnpike. 25. I mean, seriously, it is terrifying to think that there were people out there who would take four seconds out of their lives to, and I used the term life you're loosely. Two of them took on their such a serious matter. This is where the vise are holding it in place just the same as they would. And the stub too. The old god. And so when we saw daddy thinking, mom saying hi, son. I told her to wear her chest, dad, a school, a school, a school, a school, a school. She's what you're looking at, baby. Grandma has died in a season. That's where the boy. She took it at me, the show never snatched me. Grandma has 30 calls. When mom got to far, she needs to say daddy. Can't go to that tonight. Mommy had to sit to her if you didn't need. Mommy got to see me. I have a girl, but she was at 50 keys. It's mommy got to see me. And bring someone home. I play on the fly. I stand a brother. I'll see you never know. And where am I? Thirty five. All right. 12.30. If I'm 60. I bet you the nephew was at the Tri-Mai Thai restaurant. 30-30 annual. New time international beer fest. He's there from 30 year until he got one hour to get in there. He's also got those naked in a picture. He's a McGill and also some old soil underwear. What's that number on the out of town line. 877, 785, 6345. Here's plantation. Hello. Yes, sir. How you doing today? Great. I want to put my vote in for number one hundred, put sugar over the top there. On the guns? Yeah. and another, and also carry that. I thought he was an asshole, but he did the right thing with the controller. He didn't do it. Well, I mean, you could call him. In Campbell's, I wonder, makes the decision, Gary Batman, he's just a Pimp. He just sits back in the fence, whatever they do. I just could. That just goes to show you the P&HL. I mean, at least they stepped up and did that. Yeah, finally it's about time. Yeah. I mean, the reason that they did it was because there were such a massive protest and outcry, and because everybody had to see it about 400 times, it would have been unacceptable to do any less. Great, great comparison in contrast. I was in New York the other day. I went to the Rangers and Islanders game. Right. Those people are a bunch of assholes, but let me tell you something. I mean, they get into their hockey. You don't see anybody talking on cell phones. You don't see anybody pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, and pop. Right. They're watching the game and the game is on. They have the little things in the intermission, but when the game is on, the game is on and they're watching it, then I wouldn't solve the other game on one day. Uh-huh. Holy cow. You know, in Toronto on the All-Star game, then a practice, the practice for the All-Star game, the day before they sold tickets in the Air Canada Center for 1495 a piece. Not only did they sell out the arena for practice, they had, they were scalping him for 75 to 150 bucks outside. Last night after a six game, winless streak for Toronto, they had 539 standing them only. In other words, more than 500 above capacity at the Air Canada Center. Speaking of the Canadian teams, how does Montreal, how are they selling out the most of the center or do they have a thousand unsolved seats? Well, they got the CD made the arena to big. They got over 21,000 seats. Right. And they had a thousand of them unsolved for the game tonight's ago, but they're doing a lot better now. So Toronto is the one Canadian team that does consistently. Yeah, I mean, every game, yeah. But I mean, my theory on doing bad, I mean, 1920, thousand of games, not bad, not just maybe maybe a suggestion for your next poll, maybe, who would be the first player to take a stick upside where else head before the end of the year? OK. All right. Thanks. 560, 505, 60, proud 560 on the AT&T line. See these people resist. They don't want it. They don't like it. They all, he's our hero. He's with a Schwarz blog. He's what makes it exciting. OK, whatever you say, I'll tell Paul that you said so. Here's a mobile and hell and Dale. Hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. Yeah, hockey, greatest kingdom of the world. Yes, sir. Yeah, that war of my panthers. He should be picking cotton. He's no hockey player for gun and take. She should be picking cotton. Yes, he should. Uh-huh. Yeah. And this is, I get to be the book that's basketball. You know, the basketball down here, you know, bunch of Michael Dragard station of Paul. OK, 560, 505, 60, proud 560. This guy was a hell and Dale, by the way. I just mentioned that. What did I say the other day? I don't want to talk to anybody over 125. OK, if you've passed your 125 fifth birthday, we're delighted to have you listening to the New York Rogers Show here on QA. And we don't want to speak to you. We're adamant. We will not speak to you. If you're over 180 years old like this last guy, we will not talk to you. We won't waste our time with you. Please, put your teeth back in the glass. Stop pretending you have some material. Go back and eat your wheat tea and get out of my face and squeeze your bag a couple of times. OK? Yeah. Maybe they don't have a, uh, a, like this thing I was reading about the, uh, the dogs. The peorina people with the dogs would be a kitty litter and the doggy litter. Maybe they don't have a colloquium bag litter box and Hallendale and Sir, a sunrise, and Sir of Sight and Tamarack and so many other parts of this geriatric dying rotting festering town. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hi, Neil. Yes. Any Army? I hear you. Loud. I don't want to hear you. I hear you. Just like you're sitting next door. OK. First time calling a long time listener. I just moved back from Germany. I've been living there for seven years. And hello. I'm listening. You playing Doysland, do you? We're all listening. No, I'm not. I'm playing the beach area that you're, the beach for. The, you're back before. He's in the background because they got shafted last night. Go ahead. All right. So, um, seven years out of Miami and it's still laying town. No, it's a class town with a bunch of laying people. It's a class town. Yeah. What does that mean? The weather is fantastic. The beaches are great. And that's what makes class. No, the people make class. So why did you say the class town? I don't understand what you're talking about. The class town with laying people. What makes it a class town? Let me say it again for the third time. I don't know. OK. Thanks. 560560, pound 560 on the AT is that the people who are blocking a road off in their trucks are crazy. Cubans are riding around on the streets going. I, I, I, I, I, I. Oh, OK. Is it the corrupt politicians of bleeding all the tax money out of the of taxpayers pocket? Huh? Is it all the goddamn fixed elections? Huh? Thank you. It's a class town. The toilet. Why can't you just tell a like an answer? It's a toilet. We're not offended here. Everybody that's here knows it's true. Miami is a toilet. Plus it. Now you're still putting up the window and they punch in a aroma as managed would say the stench of commoner creates the air. And it's not just because of the dolphin 62 to set a loss to Jacksonville and that onions play off game. I will let might be a part of it. So what do you guys think we need to do to read tool for next year? I mean, I mean, I mean, we're so close this year. We were so close. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes. How you doing, buddy? OK. OK. Listen to me. About black people moving in. Yes. Um, you know, well, what I, I, I, I knew something. I think it's a little bit legal. Right. What was nice? What was an L over the head? I, I look more shoulder. I mean, I was dead again. It was an L over the head, but regardless, he had no business being out there. That's my point. What the hell was going on? He goes over and flattens the guy against the boards with a few seconds left in regulation. You're going it over time. He's a man without a brain. It was a pretty dumb thing. It's a very murder dude to put him out there. Uh, what is it? What do we have to do? Obviously, you know, another defense. Then you get a side of this little slump here or can you go into the place of what we got? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. The power fight and see the poor yesterday on our website was, are you a hockey fan? Not do you know anything about it? Because if we were asked, you know anything about it. The answer would have been, no. No. No. I mean, that's why I did the most of my time because the obvious question is no. So if you think I would dignify a question like that, wasting the audience's time by responding to it, if you can't for yourself, come up with the answer that. Is it like my first call yesterday? Have you ever the first call yesterday? Hey, New York, what do you, we got a chance to get to the cops? Tonight, what do you think? What do you think? Call the sports shows for that kind of crap. OK, don't waste my time with that kind of swell. What's the over is it under the utility we've came at the Cooper City Eye this week? Really, we're having a tough time. The Georgia spinning is head and mind like a linda blur, like a dredil and heat. And I'm sitting here just contemplating my navel and wondering about that four inches. This has to be a record today. This is a record. And we're getting a lot of calls. Now we're getting out of the phones work. We're getting a lot of calls. Are we getting anyone to make any sense? No. We're getting one to the. Yeah, we got quantity. Don't expect quality in this town. But it's a class town. Make no mistake about that. This is 560, 2AL, the sports leader. Oh, right. We have no way. Yeah. Sports radio, 560, 2AL. Speak now. It's big and a burger. Ladies and gentlemen, this is Mumbles number five. Oh, my God. It's been a test of my Eid. It was in the game. Take me. Oh, thank you. Oh, thank you. Well, 44, 560 WCM. You know, it's all the calls we had about the agreements today. Oh, yeah, they love that Carlos Santana. That's what they didn't dare call in because they didn't want to like piss me off. Oh, they love Santana. Don't ask me why. I mean, his music blows and he's 150 years old. Maybe they can relate to it. You know, it is South Florida. Five, six, seven. And we're still waiting. You know, we had the one call about that county up there in Maryland, whatever it is. And then DC, whatever. And then the other guy kind of like counteractor. You neutralize that one call. So we're still waiting to fight on our first neighborhood in this town or anywhere in the US where black people have moved in and why people move down the neighborhood actually improved. Or wait and give us a draw some math. Give us a street number. Five, six, seven, five, 60. And of course, I'm interested in that all of our dark folks out there. We have many, many black people listen to the show. And they have a good sense of humor or not as the case may be. But how come they're not jumping out of the phone and telling us how they've improved all these hoods? Because everybody that comes into this town, for example, always says, oh, this town was nothing until they came in. That's to mention a particular group's. Oh, yeah, they made it what it is today. A septic tank, a sump pump, a toilet. Like I said before, the Germany guy, oh, yeah, it's a class place. Here's a mobile in Miramar, hello. And of course, Neil, it would take me to his fan exposing him to date time to make it what it once was a form. So I did watch Grammy Blast Night. And all I could say is in a world where people like Lou Booger are making album, mostly in panel with food by comparison. Yeah. But the boys were good Blast. I think they, I got it made. I was going to get to go about them. But you opened my eyes to them. OK, they have talent on that. I'm sure to. Usually when I see them perform live, it's pretty disappointing. But they were good last night is right. Kevin Riven on their book, they're really spastic. Yeah, Kevin didn't look too good either. He started to work like that that monster he was playing in at one video. He did the makeover bad, but yeah, I think that's probably the one guy who would make it on his own if they ever had forbid part of it. I actually the best singer in the group is Brian, which is interesting because he was the last member of the group. He's Kevin's cousin. He was like an afterthought. And Brian, I think he's easily the best singer in the group. But nevertheless. Yeah, they were. But then it was great seeing that the way with Elton John, the table off your freedom. Great song, great idea. Yeah, blessed whoever thought of it. And I just want to close by saying, I was cursed. My birthday is February 29th. The best present I get every four years or have a birthday is knowing if you're in a nursery on the air. All right. And I'm grateful for that. Have a good thing how you, the younger stand. Well, I'm hitting double digits this year. So people deserve her. OK. Take it easy. Happy birthday. Thank you, sir. OK, there's you guys who's like, let's see if he's 40s only 10 years old. That's not too bad. 560, 5050, 5060. And see, all these, you know, it's in fact, I'm going to talk about the hit for phobics. Stan Major once you use that to your money year. Hit for phobics. That's me. Because I'm watching Elton, those who do wet and fill off your freedom into basketball is like covered over the piano. It was great. And the audience is going not to as wonderful. And then at the end of the number, he comes out. And he calls him out in the front of the stage. He plows his like ring into the place. And he like hugs each one of the guys. And then as he's going to go hung Nick at that point, the camera falls back and we go to commercial see. Now, don't think I understand that the fags want to see Elton John, and the car to whether it was like maybe a little lip locked there, or something might have been going on grinding. Yeah, because I noticed Nick's hand kept wagging like this, like he was right when we're singing and it was down like a little lower. But at any rate, oh, seriously, they don't get it. They just don't understand it. I think we need a lot more fag directors on these shows instead of just performers. So anyway, speaking of, maybe we'll take a poll next week on which one of the dolphin players are I'm sorry. So a twice drafter was in here, former dolphin running back for about five minutes. And he told me, yes, that he gave me a list as long as his arm of dolphin players who are like, I don't want to say the word on the ear, but nevertheless, he said they float like a butterfly and sting like a butterfly. Here's the lady in the forward waterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Okay. I think surprise you can tell I'm the woman. I've got a bad comb. So it's okay. I'll enjoy this for that. I was George because he puts it up there in the screen. I always take his word for it. And the worst thing it'll happen. You'll say, here's a lady, an alphagore to the thing. It'll be some guy, but that's George, you know. Okay. Well, I love your show. And I do live in the neighborhood where there's property values and the crime rate are going in the right directions and it's becoming very, very, very integrated. And then Fort Raderdale. Right. Just kind of stop it downtown. If you know where, Robert General Hospital is. Oh, that's a bad place. Not. Not. I mean, it's not. Oh, well. You don't want to go to the hospital. No way. He's done enough of that. Don't let them go into that place. But I agree. But it is an integrated neighborhood. Now I've been here for 21 years and it's very, very integrated. Now and property values are sorting. Great. Great. But he's moving out. Nobody's panicking. Everybody said, wonderful. Wonderful. And it's a nice mix. We have a few businesses. We've got young people who've got old people. A lot's got to. When I saw my house in a year or two to a black family with 10 or 12 children, I don't want my neighbors to start going into a panic. Well, I don't see. I mean, there's nothing negative. And if I can say about our neighborhood being integrated, I truly can't. Excellent. Well, God bless you, sweetheart. And if you feel good. OK. He's up the good work. Thanks. See, there you go. There's one people that I was being sarcastic and stupid with this. If you keep fishing and poking and probing enough, you'll find something. And I think that should be a lesson or all you'd do are keys. I mean, all you would black people out there. Just because you move into a neighborhood doesn't mean you've got to trash it. Doesn't mean you've got to scare all the white people by walking around in the daytime. No, sir. Sir, I've walked around at nightlock. And you kind of like blended in the scenery. Nobody even knows you're there. Walk out in the daytime and man, old man. Sticks out like a sore thumb. Oh, my God, look at that. It's a dark person. We got a cool problem in the neighborhood. Of course, being out there in West Power, like I know, we had like, oh, possums and coulons for years out there. 560, 750, 560, pound, five 60. We have had possums and coulons out there. It's like he used to be the wilderness out there. And it is not anymore. It's like becoming very, very like dense. I mean, really dense. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Hey there. Yes, sir. How you doing now? Great. Hey, listen. I've been listening to you for a while. And I really appreciate you opening up for people that express their paint of fame. Listen, I'm going to tell you, man. I just, you know, I don't understand. Maybe you can explain it to me because it's real strange, man. You know, it's 21st century coming out this year, 2000. I just don't understand what's all the ignorance. You know, I mean, it's cool for everybody to be there on a person, have their own opinions, but fear, you know, it's just like that's just old. You know, it's just arrogant, ignorant, and it's just ridiculous. Fear of what? Fear of people, man. It's mostly fear of themselves. People fear their weaknesses and they just can't handle being around of the people. You know, and they express it in negative ways. And, you know, I'm watching TV last night and I'm watching this thing on an A&E about violence towards animals that lead to our zero killer's and stuff. And it's just like he's bizarre, you know. And it's all because of fear that people have. I just don't understand that it's just like, what do they afraid of? People are afraid of that makes them violent toward animals. I don't understand that. Well, the lead towards violence towards people, you know. And it's all, you know, the reason I'm bringing up a handle is just an example of just, you know, people expressing their violence and their fears through ignorance and it's just ridiculous, you know. What do you think about that? I really don't know what you're talking about. Fear of what? I mean, if you go to an ATM, a lot of it in a clock at night and it's pitch black outside and some big black guy comes up in the behind you. Are you going to be afraid? Uh, if he's black, if he's white, if anybody comes up and stands for a seat behind me at an ATM, I'm going to be concerned. Yeah. Well, let me ask you this. If he was a big black guy like 20 years old, wait about the look like a big lineback or he stood behind you, would you be more? Can the fearful that if he was a white guy? I'll be honest with you, man. I'm actually 23 years old and I spent quite a few years, you know, traveling through Miami on a metro public transport station. I'll tell you that. I know how to handle myself in public. If I mean, you know, I'm not going to be more on the other side. I have no fear. It's not a matter of not having to have a healthy fear, but I don't know what you're under directed at people, you know, as if it's going to ruin my real estate that's ridiculous. Right. You know what I'm saying? So in other words, if ten black families moved into your neighborhood tomorrow, you wouldn't panic and start putting the foreshales on your house. Absolutely not. Okay. And where do you live? I live in Corgiel. Okay. I'll get a hold of your builder right after the show. Alright, man. Thank you. Corgiel, my good mind. Huh? He might mind, but his neighbors might start, you know, getting a little bit up shut with him. And then they will fear you. Yeah, that's right. Like they said in Godfather, then they will fear you all over. I think in his case, it might be the other way around, you know what I'm saying? Uh-huh. Then he will fear them. Corgiel, I think it would be nice if we had a lot of black people living in Corgiel. Oh. Oh. Yeah, let's forget about it. Let's forget that it's been ten and we've ever pulled. Okay. All I can say is, they come over. Oh God. Oh, and then Corgiel got a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit and then God won, 2. Last night, it is if that wasn't bad enough, which I guess you like, Corgiel. Yeah. I like Corgiel, but others have come out the way it goes in. 5. 6. 705. 60. On the AT&T wireless line. I'm taking the best Corgiel used to make out a barbecue. You know, you're dropping tin foil and you put the butter in the fire. Oh, man. Get slow, keep you. Hmm. Hey, by the way, speaking of the Indian, don't forget we're going to be at the Seminal because you know this Saturday February 26th noon to two Miguel will be there with the prize wheel giveaways George will be there, broker Brian and you're a truly known to tune this Saturday at the seminal Indian casino holiday corner sterling in four 41. God only knows what you might walk away with. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach garden, hello. Oh yes sir. We've this. This is me. Hey, nail, how you doing? Great. Great, so listen, I don't know if you can hear me on coin you can go to the garden, say I'm zero question. I don't know if any of them are dead and proof. But on more important note, if you simply explain to me what they see in Robyn Edomar and ask a couple of years if they've kept them around this long. Well, I thought a question of what they see. It's a question of nobody wants him anymore. What are they going to get in return for him? He seems like he's in a coma when he's dead. That is correct. He's in a fog. The word is a fog. He skates around rather aimlessly. He makes very weak kind of push-upied shots and passes. And he really serves as a see the problem that the so-called fans don't understand is even as well as the team is played all year. Most of it is because of gold tending and bury and Whitney and Perish and Coslov. But other than those people, there's so much dead weight on this team. And they're just not going to go anywhere unless before the training deadline is starting to make some other moves. It just seems that they're a manhandle. Washington really took a ton less than the person's second beard. Right. And it was scary. It was really scary. I mean, you talk to you fan, but I just can't stand watching Melon be any more and you know, it just seems like they're moving its low motion and they won't anybody. Yeah. Well, I don't think Melon be the problem. I mean, I grant you he's not getting any faster he is each year goes by. But I don't think he's the problem. I think Kavash is the problem. I think Mike Wilson is a big problem. Need a Mars a big problem. The fact that Warl is taking up that spot on the roster is a very, very big problem. The fact that he lost his plan of forward and said it on defenses of problem. They're just and of course Lance Pitlick and Todd Simpson. The first play great when we got both of them. You're early in the year. They're both playing in Pitlick especially. He's playing like an old man now. He's not playing well. He's like it's a breakdown. And you know, I don't forget Spayla too is playing awful on the fence. I mean, just grow test. Grow test. You think it has to do the fact that you don't play for more. I don't know. I mean, you know, obviously Bray lifted them up to another level for a long time. But maybe it's just not going to last. I really don't know. And now that Maria's starting to find fault and point fingers at other people, I think there's a lot of resentment there. I know it. I say Trevor Kid look great last time. Can you imagine what the score of that game would have been without him? No, that couldn't. Anyway, this one's a great show. I'm a first time call. I love to hear some hockey talk and no, no need. We're just in proof that Okay. Thanks. Thank you. The next few months. Me to plug him. There you go. Right between the eyes. Is he got nobody out there? Well, first of all, it seems to me he's in a very, uh, uh, I don't know. The QAM fan right now and for another 35 minutes to 130 is that the try my Thai restaurant in Hollywood 20 or one Harrison Street. See, why would you go to a restaurant? You follow what I'm saying? And with all due respect to our friends, it's probably a great restaurant. But I mean, well, nevertheless, he's at Tri my Thai restaurant 20 or one Harrison Street with passes to the third annual Newtimes International Beer Festival and he'll be there till 130 and the festival is tomorrow. By the way, so please go out there and see the nephew of making feel as he really want to see him, even on the gels not there today. This is 5.60. UAM at Captain with no discourse. Learning a hand to the last K-M. We've got only on SportsRing U-5-3 Q-A-M. Oh boy, it's the one to two hours. Okay, I was in the car about a half an hour ago listening to you. First of all, Nick Carter has more challenge in his right code than you will ever have. And he's not a pineapple head. You stupid fat valued. Hi, Rijus. Hi Rijus. So you want to be a millionaire. Sure, Rijus. Let's go. I am done at one dating a co-founder. We're still in the office. I win God My Firstward's Dance. Oh God, I feel so jammed. Running out of time. Still got all three lights light. Oh Lord Rijus, come and quit. My answer is a fee. I'll try to defeat the fee. That we just two know what to. I do. If I am mature, to show me the dark. If they get harder, I won't go no farther. I'm stuck on this one. Should I call up someone? Did my mom on the phone in a hurry? Tell all of them, just ask her. Eat your final answer. I'm Rijus getting pissed when she says. She don't know. Here I go. What does the audience think? The show's almost done. Still unpusted one. I'm not an answer with a heat-pastic answer. I need shit of my son, Greed. He need me, he gets out of the way. Final answer. I will ask him. Oh, oh, oh. Look at me. No capy Lee. Oh, oh, oh. Well, the stage shall be over. Whoa. Oh, oh, oh. Readers fading. We got greetings. Oh, oh, oh. 103 at 5.62. WCWM is a big one. To our hankle beyond from Flagler of the chef. No, we got the hurt cool hotline at 6. Pathers at Carolina must win tonight at any K after the game. Here's the fact that says, did you see Carlos Kis Rob Thomas on Litz last night? Yes, I did. It says, I'm not pulling your legs just as you. I don't need glass. Why, let's just go as I saw it. He kissed him right on the lips. Little tongue. Rob Thomas, he's like the lead singer on at the awful smooth on that single. That one 14 grand these last night. Grow test. Well, at least they are they're good match. Look at this phone baby. Man, we were smoking there. We had like a great a few minutes of greatness. We had all nine lines just just on fire. Now there are two. 5. 6.705. 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. I just wanted to call you and talk about a couple of things. I wanted to reach back yesterday when the young man came home. I'd definitely be a black man talking about your expression of tunes. And he Martin Luther's cool. Yeah, that guy. Anyway, when I was younger, I used to hunt raccoons. Yeah. And that's what David Duke said when he was young, he hunted all the time. Anyway, just to give you accurate description of them, they got rings around the tail. They got a black body and they got a black and white face. So I don't know how we're going to have a last. Well, I was also in good work. There you go. Now the other thing is I've only been in Miami five months. I come from Louisiana with a real great step up. Right. But trust me, if you're down here, I've done found out Louisiana is a paradise. But I've got to go back. You know, I just want to tell you something. There's only two reason I'll be sad to go. One is my children that I'm down here this to me. Right. And two is you and your show. And if one more thing, I've well, a couple more things. At this place is crazy. When I first got down here and went to a convenience store, I figured it would have been after a clock at night or whatever. I had to go through a bank vault deposit to buy me whatever I want to for last story. You couldn't get through the door. That don't happen in Louisiana. It's a really, really, a must-beer step up. Now the worst thing, the worst thing you've made me do, Neil, is I've never been online. Okay. You know, I'm on the computer, right? Yeah. Now I've got to go back home because I can't get you on the radio up there. Right. Now I've got to go back home investing in new computers, give me a motive. By all that stuff. All I can grab all these stuff. Yeah. And so that I can tell you, show up there because I'm going to tell you what. 24 years you've been on here and I didn't hear me feel five months ago. And I'm sorry about that. But I'm going to go back home, put my invest medians. Well, I can listen to you every day and I really appreciate what you do. And I'm going to go back home. And I'll pray for you. Well, don't play from the man. I'm like, he's okay, pal. All right. Thanks. Good luck. There's a guy he'd be leaving us. He's going back to Louisiana with a van to one. His name looking forward to it. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. No waiting. We got 1500 open lines for you now. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. Hey. Yes, sir. How are you, sir? Okay. Appreciate your form that you put people that can express their views, but usually I do agree with you. I'm not about everything, but this Protestant Anna issues. I don't understand. You're probably bringing the issue. What's the use? Okay, you're saying it's crap. Well, I'm not that that's my opinion of his music, but I'm not going to let you. In fact, if you want anyone almost every award every category that he was nominated for last night is getting really carried away. I see you saying the fixes and I. Right. But you agree. He's probably one of the greatest virtue wusses on the guitar. He's had a history that they expect to mid 60s. Created rock fusion one of the 1860s. Yeah. Well, he is older than here. He's an old hack is what I think. I mean, that's that's why I'm a opinion. But if you think I was born out on Carlos Santana when I was on Zeta playing a black magic woman and O. A. C. O. V. I mean, that was enough for me. Goodbye, Carlos. Have a nice life. You know, that was enough for me. Well, I don't know what the big fewer is with him. And that's single that song smooth. Okay. Well, that's a big deal with that song. Okay. I'll tell you. I'll tell you my place. You appreciate the backstreet voice, correct? Right. I could take seven beautiful guys with no talent and make them as big as the backstreet voice. But the only one guy that went there is a lot of beautiful. The backstreet voice aren't beautiful. It may be like eight year old girls think they are, but they do what I said. They're not beautiful. All right. There is a lot of my would touch with your hand, okay? All right. Well, what I'm saying is this that truly they're not virtue wusses of anything. They have a good voice. But most of their appeal is done on a promotional thing and they don't be right around songs. Yeah. Well, see that. And you know, they're a lot of great me. Did Elvis Presley write his own songs? No, he stole 82 percent of all. That's right. He stole stuff from Carl Perkins and all the old people. Muddy waters. Right. Well, let me ask you this. If they were having a granny's and Elvis were still alive today. And in another one's, you know, if they had the granny awards when he was alive, which I don't think they did, he would have won all it like all the time. Well, it was, it happened when he was a library in this time. If you stole it, no, I'm talking about it. Now the thing is in it's all in his time. And you say, as you say, the picture's in because the amount of money that he generated after this, but Rob Thomas wrote that song. Yeah. And it was came down for me. Maybe that's why Carlos came in down to visit Carlos sent her and said, get what Rob Thomas wrote this song. That's what his story is. And Angel came down and Angel came down to visit him one night when he was sleeping. Yeah. You have to get together with Rob Thomas and write this song. And that's what that's what his story is. Okay. What's the only thing I'm closing, the only thing I say is I appreciate virtual Washington. There's only one portion of the world can play guitar like that. Yeah. Pablo. Well, I'm ready to go here. All right. You're having great. Well, I appreciate your form. Thank you. Okay. See you. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T wireless line is not going to go via dead. I think he's buried dead. But anyway, you did. I think so. He's still dead. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT and T wireless line. He's like Eric Clapton. There's another virtue of so for it. Why like Eric Clapton? No. Oh, man. Don't get me started. And that kid's still dead too. By the way, they want to fill out the window. Hey, asshole. Need to be your presence of family story. Two elderly women come from Cuba on a mission armed with only still. Sugarless candy and a yachts anymore. It's almost bring back a young boy. Like any means necessary. Fill his George. Just money at a Quintama and Charlotte way. He has my tell world. We guess. NHVOs La Sabuera. If you don't give us the boy, we're going to chop you up and do little crack at us. Fuck it. I'm going to put on some air. He's in a joint on a racket here in charges. Where the new inch to the other town. He's a lot of Amelia. Read a vibe. HVOs La Sabuera. The grandmothers Sunday night to 10. 9 central. I didn't mean I got the gas really bad. Lush, I said that's what says to Jean told him. Now they will fear you. One 15 at 560 WQM 560 50560 pound five 60 on a AT&T line 72 or 300 open lines here waiting for you. Here's a call in Miami. Hello. New. Yes, sir. Good afternoon, New. Yes. I saw the Grammys last night. Didn't Britney Spears look gorgeous last night. Didn't see her. Oh, man. She was so beautiful. She did this awesome dance. That is robot. How could Christina Aguilar win that award? Is the best new artist. Exactly. That's my point. I mean Britney. Where did you have to put her tongue to get that award? Yeah. I mean I can't understand. Backdones. You have to rim to get that. I can't understand how they gave it to her and not to Britney. This is like a crime. It wasn't in some for it. But the same tan thing. The thing is, Santa has been around for 30 years. He's like one of the only rock stars from the 60s. He didn't over those. He didn't get like died like Jimmy Hendrix to Mars. So they feel an obligation to give him a Grammy. Okay. One would have been okay. I wouldn't have bothered me. How about 8. Why 8? Why 8? Why blow everybody else on the water? Why invite anybody else to be there except I guess to perform. But what's the point when they're like a coronation? Well, why bother? I think two or three would have been good. I mean I can understand if his album was so sensational which is definitely is not and if that single was so great which believed me when I'd tell you it's a piece of turd. If it was good stuff it wouldn't bother me. But it's not. It's marginal. I'd best. Yeah. I mean, I think it is a little too much. I'll make a dig up for an armistice and bring it back to and say, gee, this guy never wanted any Grammy's. And just stick his body in a chair. What's the point? I think it was too much. But I'm still happy that the back street facts didn't win though. Yeah. I mean it's like, why is that? Oh God. Back street facts. It's like it's torturous. You know, Santana is much better though. Okay. Whatever you say. Okay. Have a great day, pal. Santana is better though because he says that that makes it so. Santana, forget about the back street boys or anybody else on the Facebook. Even TLC whom I despise, I can't stand TLC. I mean, their music had an impact. This had 10 of thing. It came out late in the year. Like I don't know where and I'd like to be forward was released. It was number one. I'm not saying there's anything to be fishy about that. The album was number one. The single was number one. Before it was released. Yeah. And then all of a sudden it's like every of all of you other people who are so big all year long you don't exist. But the back street facts, thank God they didn't get that. Here's Vanita Spring. And all the white didn't see them kissing anybody on the lips. Vanita Spring is even out in John. Hello. Vanita Spring? Yes. I'm here. And I'm here. How about Tonya hurting? Oh yeah. How about Tonya? We haven't heard. Why? Why? And a long time. Now why? What was it that she did now? She threw a thing at her boyfriend. You had a play Tonya Silver. Hope. a She's so big to her head A little bit more than round on and isn't out to grab But the every move She can find her bruises off balance Oh, I'll out now She forecoes a blind-lake for where you do the stand-mode On the mind She has never mind it a challenge I'll out, out, out The clouds they make are bright for the door But it's too late to run Time's on you, fill my heart But just my singing there She did not leave me, I'm a children But my only heart is there 2048, Thomas at the early gates Thank the check is booked He gives her a look And she tells us, now, up, up, out She blames her in the sun Blays her up and throws a safety turn And the teeth on the light The lights out the line that he's got to go A boat, a boat, a boat As I think it was time to page Tornya took her in Bang, bang, on you, fill my heart But my rang saved Be to where To look straight and clear Two, no thanks Oh, right Why do you want to borrow the story? He rolls, wants a, wants a disgusting pig Always a pig, whatever she is Piece of crap 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line Here's a mobile and four-later nail, hello I'll go mail, you're doing fine Okay sir Just enjoy your show again today Thank you for turning me on to fill Henry Enjoy him every once in a while There's another lady in Liffbaum Beach Have you ever heard of Liz Wild? She's not a West Palm Beach She may be on the Arrow West Palm, she's in Miami She's in the... I thought I was down there Yeah And man, I've given this to her at all Yeah for about two minutes Yeah about two minutes, he blows She blows man, she's she would ragged on you the other day I couldn't care less Yeah, but anyway He's on a business, got fractions If you're a... You won't want people's or pay you to make this call Is that it? Excuse me? I said it, peat, bull's your pay you to make this call No, I don't know what he's He's the program director of a state of the station You're talking about that's got fractions all day long That has virtually no measure of audience They can't compete with you, you run me in here They don't compete with anybody In any day part where when I'm asleep they don't compete with me They don't speak with anybody, they're not existing But I'm glad they enjoy Liz Wild, okay? I'm just wild about her How she really raged on you, that's going to do it for you honey Along with all the four letter words on a year two That'll do it in slang and the penis and breasts Boots And all the other words that bolder has to keep coming in And try to drag you off here for saying Is it working over there? No, no They're almost as big as the fan 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on a AT&T Wireless line Always guys like this Remember a caring K when she was on And I used to be in a car in the evening Go to the store or whatever And I would have had a really rough day You know do my usual begging for calls Even though we had very good numbers of other packs Until of course they started screwing around with me But and I would listen to and she had this endless supply of guys Who sounded just like this guy That just was on, sounded just like that Just dying the hero female voice Even though it was attached to a hyena It wouldn't make any difference You know what I'm talking about? That was, yeah, there you go Wow She knows her hyena's by the way I had one in my mouth one probably 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T Wireless line It is so sad The talk show groupy thing It's all over boys and girls I hate to break the news to you Get your balls together Right again is over It's all over Done People want to talk about Mr. Ego and about the FTL The light bulb and what's your name The real Japanese New York World That was in Amy Lane Choice Kaufman Choice Kaufman Kaufman He's here and say it right Choice Kaufman It's a lot more Jewish when you say Kaufman That's all over Thanks to queer channel also What's your name? That's all over in old King Cole and Jacko And we're hanging on By Our Thumbs here every day Biggen for phone calls Of course I've been doing that for 24 years I'm used to it Put it all together You haven't got a guy named P. Hold on us No, it's my boyfriend Craig Worming would say Here's Fort Lauderdale Hello Anya Yes sir Another reason is part of the country Bites the big one A clear way to tell is their SM radio That's classic rock station Practice is censorship I call the other day For a classic rocker from the 70s In the DJ said they weren't allowed to play him I mean they can only play Drivel you know the dribble they play Means they there The one that supposedly says they're classic rock and roll Well who's that? 1059 106 106 Big 106 Well they're classic rock and roll now I thought that's right there for about five minutes They were the 70s It's the 70s and now we're like hits of the 1870s It's ridiculous That's the thing I knew it's for if you took Howard off that station It would just vanish you would disappear off the dial And rightfully so I let it go Organizing desk by hopefully But that's the benchmark of a good town Is the RFM radio you? I mean that's what I always say If the FM radio is not good Just like Amsterdam If you all listen to the FM radio I'd never go back Oh yeah, yeah I mean you remember how the 70s were Extended long plays in between It's a long few remember those days don't you? No No I don't even know but I'm just asking But anyway that's all I got to say There's some good big cities And that's a good FM and this happens not to be one of them That is that Luckily we have an acronym like you on A I'm here to pull through the half of the day Right okay God bless you sir All right I'd say how to lose while Five six oh she just great He obviously got to know two Jews on that sports station in the midday Oh they love met that QANO two Jews They listen that's a nine stop That Bob Eisenberg he just raised about those Jews Yeah I guess I don't know I maybe it's Todd Dreck I remember you sure probably all of you both And of course all little sports nerds And here in between call in their bookies and play in their place in their best And the anchor between that they're They're on it 26 after one and five sixty WQ Wake up with the first team Joe Rogan, Jeff DeFarse, the Feego team We'd be horning to fix Only on sports radio five sixty QANO Fuck it in and hold it I'm too old for stable in a pack of the Dan I want to hop inside my company car I got the picture It's actually sad of my hand I'm feeling they can do maybe a stop I'm also sad of maybe I can think anything I want to do And you're good so soon And I'm gonna be consulting you Who's in this asshole I'm a crap Joe Yeah, I'm gonna be like I got the boy up I've got the power to roll Come on there save our babies And you'll do amazingurads, YouTube Are your consultant flavours Fix your Like- other than entrepreneurs For real? Oh, you're a good spot. That's why I'm a consultant. Some Justin. Oh, you're here. 132 and 560WQM. What memories that brings back those wonderful days in action that seminar we had up at that hotel in Danny, where vanilla was unbelievable. Just incredible. Just pure unenilated bullshit. All those assholes walking around those plastic pools in their plastic books, brother suits that roguer rocks, whatever hell is the name of all those other plastic assholes. I mean, just an end of course, queer channel came in and made it even worse even worse than goodness after we got to hell out. Nice going there, Rhana and Pete. No matter what company it is, you guys at least are consistent. So, getting back to this story about the dog you litter that's on the way from Ross and Peerita. They want to squeeze more money out of your pocket or squeeze whatever they can. It says, Ross and his hoping dog owners won't be repulsed about scooping soggy pellets and unclumped feces into the garbage. Now, before I read the rest of this, we'll make you gagged George makes it a good point. And that is, and especially in my big dog doesn't do that. But little dogs, which is what this is geared to is people living big cities in apartments. Little dogs, most of them including mine, after they do their business, they like go a couple of feet away and then they kick up whatever is behind them. And of course, in this case, would be all the stuff in litter box all over your goddamn nice carpet, all over your rugs and etc. Incredible. Keep the dust dust across by. For best results, the litter should be souped after each use it says. Oh, no, I thought maybe a couple of months would be good. To make it easy, right, a some more puppy child, the company will encourage second nature good afternoon to this product. Second nature customers to feed their dog only dry food. Feed them right and their stool will be tight. It says Ron Laidlo is second. Is he the second of the turf? You turn one of the researchers. Now, there's a line for you. Okay, and the sun's sent all today. And this is a story that starts on the front page. If you don't believe me, paid six A. Feed them right and the stool will be tight. Says Ronald A. Louis the third while the researchers. Ronston, I'll say how much money invested in dog litter. But it says it's putting the full weight of its sales and marketing force behind it. Beautiful. Lovely. So, please anybody that I know out there before I might visit where you are staying out, your pad, your place, your or whatever. Let me know if you have one of these doggy litter boxes around. And I'll get real sick right away. Here's a mobile in high LA. Yeah. Yes, sir. Hey, Neil. Speaking of dog smith, I'm down here. I'm just one of these little games that the truckers are playing down here. You're still doing this? Yeah. I'm not one that's against, you know, protesting. That's for sure. But what I just witnessed was a lovely little act. You got like, I don't know. I would imagine it was close to 70 80 trucks driving down, turning off of 12,000, 100 and third. And you want to try and get through them both directions. These guys are just going bumper to bumper. Lock and traffic. Size are getting out of the car's begging and the truckers to stop. So these ambulanceers can get by. They're physically trying to run the people over in the road. Where do they get off? I have a hard time with it. I think they ought to be in jail. Why don't they call them the goddamn FHP? They don't do too much. Why do they call them a national guard and throw their ass in jail? If they're jeopardizing people's safety, and not to mention the facts from one of everybody else's life. Unbelievable. The I'm not again. I'm not against protest. But I'm against protest when it disrupts the lives of people or got nothing and do with your complaint. Absolutely. Okay. Thanks for the bad news. Thank you. And good luck. Good luck to all you people out there trying to live your lives. Because this is a place where they don't want to let you live your life. And as far as those gravel trucks are concerned, you know what? I think they had a charge them 100 dollars a gallon. They make me sick. They shouldn't be on the goddamn public roads. They should have side roads for them to be on. And I sure as hell I shouldn't be on I-95 and 75 in any highways. Because anytime you're like four stuck behind them, and you can't get around them. Here come all of pellets. Just destroy your vehicle. Putting little zits just like a Wayne High Pinger complexion on your windshield. And all over the goddamn car, sending your car or truck or vehicle, whatever it might be. I had you if there ever was one. Here's Hylia. Hello. He's first of all. Let me correct you. Once in time at this stop, low. Once in time it has been a musical innovator. He makes Latin music with rock and roll. That's your opinion. I know it's not. I'm sure. Let me say it again because you say it doesn't make it so. Okay. That's your opinion. It's a fact. I don't like his music. I never did like his music. But it's a fact. No, it's not a fact. Here's because it's your opinion. That makes it a fact. That's a very arrogant obnoxious attitude. But nevertheless. The first of all, he did mix Latin music with rock and roll. I don't care what he mixed. I don't care if he mixed. I'll have I would goddamn the guava. But he did it though. He did it though. Yeah, guava law. That's a new product we're coming out with. What the way the back street boys have ever benefited. But let me say it again. I'm not interested in what they innovated or not the awards aren't like the best song of the year doesn't mean it is an innovative. It means what is the best song of the year? Let me spell it out for you best meaning the most popular. Meaning the best when you listen to it. What is the best song of the year? It's very clear what it was. But they're not politically correct because they're not some old hack that's trying to make it. That made one last of the fling at it. one last of the fling at it. And every five, six, seven, oh five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT. See, go to show you two colors so when I had to dump you when you spew out crap, get you a litter box next time before you call. This guy talk about arrogant because he said so, therefore they crossed over to their innovative, you know, something, all these cliches, all this RT-40, pseudo intellectuals will, it doesn't hold any water with me. Just like Eric Clapton, all I bought, Eric Clapton, I thought Eric Clapton was with all these pseudo-the-gradest guitars in the world. Oh, that was ten minutes ago, that was before last night. That was before his kids move out to window. Were they always peddling on that crap? He was the greatest guitarist in this human kind. Slow-hand. He had a slow-hand. That's why I couldn't grab that kid on a way out. Plus the fact he was nerd in health. God, getting all bent out of shape over Carlos Santana, who's kissing Rob Thomas on the lips. At least a back-steed voice for all the stories about Nick Carter and maybe you wanted to others. At least they weren't kissing anybody on the lips, like I said before, even Miss Elton, or what on stage anyway. And what did, who the hell did the introduction on that? It was great. He said, what did he call him? It was all, it was Billy Joel. Some low girls name. I don't know, for Alton John. It was great. And she had her big earring there in the right ear. See, there's women proof for you, by the way, boys and girls that try to be something that you're not with at Fony Merge that he had to go through, was he fooling anybody? Oh, including himself. Oh, no. He's just upset because Bernie just wouldn't put out. And I'd be upset about that too, by the way. Bernie talpen. Of course, he's all the mugway now, so it doesn't make any difference. But then again, so his Alton. And of course, even then, he was young and ugly. There's a bunch of hoot. There's a bunch of hoot. There's a hoot. There. We there. Life is things we sing. Life was things but we. But every one we say, we're nighting. If you were, if you'd have been inclined. They'd be hurt to your end. Right, don't. We got meant. We swear did not get me. We look like kids here in the night. We sing like a bunch of funny, funny, funny, helpless, strange. Our agent says we got to say. We swear did not get me. Our agent's friends are swear of your old girls. To think that as kids, everything, yes. As they get older, they all figure out. We're hiding our late and see. One thing is for sure, again. continues just to take control with a storm. Philipp Luccia RomazonON The little angel will never know. You'll never be. As things we sing, everything, yes. Something you love. Why are we just singing? Will you calling me tonight? I'll be with my gay. And you know, the shots give me a lecture or song that it's about being innovative. You know, last year, who is the big big star or the Grammy's last year? Did they roll going Google and Google out? Who couldn't sing out of a, is what about paper's sec? And we ever innovated anything. Except being a no-telling asshole. Who was it last year? Come on, George. I don't know, Ricky. Yeah. Oh. How do you like that? Wow. That was, it's a very same Grammy's that we had last night. Okay. Well, the same bunch of assholes out there. And it was Ricky Ricky. Oh, yeah. That was the big, bigger traction last year. It counts in for shit. Right. Shaking his goddamn faggy ass up there and they're pretending to think that this guy couldn't sing as bad of a paper sack. And you noticed by the way, that he went and he last night. Oh, we see him. I didn't watch the whole thing, but I didn't see him. Thank God. You won't be seeing him much no more. Flash into pan. Hands in electrified last year with his performance. Face on what? Face on living off pinga. Licking off pinga, locus. That what it was? Something like that? An innovator. What the wonder that ever have anything to do with anything? An innovator. How about Christine Agalera? She's a great innovator? And Lee's Brittany. You know, at least Brittany, even in old Fag like me, Brittany, at least to get to everybody. You know, a little bit, uh, get to the bloodboarding a little bit. Right. That's right. Get some whipped up to a frenzy. Christine Agalera. She can't sing. She looks like crap. She weighs about 84 pounds. She's a little snott in those pieces of third. And she's not even. She's got a Latin name. Is she Hispanic? No. No. You know that? No. She's not. What's she made it up? She's a mongral. She's make the look. Yeah. Like third generation. Or not. Yeah. She wants to eat a free holy. I mean, who the hell are these people getting? It's all a big, big political policy. Turd. Oh, I hope we're going to coordinate this year. Who should we heap a bunch of crap upon? Okay. Oh, he's a great innovator. And then he winds up a spew and spew them on the air. Oh, my God. Go and circle. You've got then brains out. And be sure and stick to tube deep in your back. Because that may be where you'll find them at this stage of your life. Here's a mobile and cruel spring. Hello. Jeff. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach. Hello. Hi there. Did you just array a sunshine today, Neil? Yes. One thing about this, a couple of things. So a bleal joke called. Yeah. You're a John Sharon. Yes, yes, he did. And Eric Clapton did win a Grammy yesterday. He did an instrumental with Santa Ana, which was awarded. Uh-huh. And the thing I liked, but that was my point. How can they both be the greatest guitarist in the world? How is that possible? Um, yeah, I know. It's just way for the moment. Okay. But, I mean, the one thing I liked about the Santa Ana, the whole Santa thing, is that Santa Ana on stage, yesterday last night, represented America. All the different... I represent America and what way? If you looked at the group that they had on stage, old young, Hispanic black, white, everybody up there. Yeah, yeah. Just doing their thing. I mean, that was the one that I wanted to tell you. I wanted to tell you. What do I mean? What does that prove? I think that I mean, I... I've happened to the album. I thought, well, I'm not going to change your mind. I have to know about that the album was a great album. I loved it for the beginning. Wow. I'm at charts for 36 weeks. Yeah. And for me, it touched me. I liked the combination of all the different cultures and stuff. I liked the new and the old. I've always really liked Santa Ana. I thought some, you know, I've been looking for him to come out with something and it's really broke through, you know, for the last 10 years. I mean, this was it. But the culture that is America today, up on the stage of the God, the... What culture is America then? What to mean by that? What does that mean? America is the Congomeration of all those different things. Hispanic, white, black, new, old young, the whole thing. And now what's going on? And I'm going to ask you this, what country and the Western world isn't the Congomeration of all of those things? Well, for the lot of our problems here in England, I'm treat for Taylor. No, but you have many, probably the Netherlands, lots of... ...the Western world, Italy. Well, not what it is. What is it? What is it? Not what it is. I'm not what it is. How about Monaco? The reason I say that is because what is being a melting pot, have to do with the music. What does that have to do with it? If you, well, you know how much you love to live in this area. We all pitch and moan and complain about it. But I mean, here was a ray of people getting together from all the different cultures and combining something into something which I know people would take. People would take things. We are the world. We are the world. How about that? Bob Yolba. Old news. No, but how about that? What is Bob Yolba? Bob Yolba? I'm done for me lately. I'm very fine. What's Bob Yolba? Bob Yolba? Bob Yolba. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about the song and all the quality artists we're in. Well, what is that? Did that make it a great song? I think it touched America for a moment. I think it touched the world for a moment. It doesn't have to touch the world forever. I don't know where it touched me. It touched me in my mind. I have a great day. Oh, my. See, I'm when I listen to music. I listen to music because I like it. Not because I want to be touched. But he hit right on it. It was a political decision. They politically correct. Oh, yeah. Because you represented everybody up there. That's right. A little bit for the blacks for the spics for the jiff. And what are any Jews up there with Santana? No. No. See, you let us out. There might have been a one. At least big pop, but when you come back to the back street, voice at least big pop, it was Jewish, right? Hey, the producer was probably Jewish. There you go. There you are. Of what? Santana? He probably. Well, we'll check on it. Just to make sure. We don't want no groups left out. Were there any Hondurans in that group? No. Why do you talk about it? They're animals anyway. So let them. How would there any people from La Rpaulica to Vinicana? No. No. But I sure did love getting the chances to say that again. Why can't you just say you like the music? That's fine. We have a different opinion. But to start going through this long song and a dance of a, oh, he's the greatest This and he's an innovator and a yaddi, yaddi, yaddi, yaddi. That song smooth with that goddamn Rob Thomas on here. I'd rather get on my hands and ease and puked my last ten meals right on the counter here in front of me right now. Then ever hear that again. And believe me, I watch a lot of music, which means I watch much music on a small dish, not MTV, because MTV doesn't play any music. And I like all kinds of music. But that's smooth. I've had, I've had wicked chunky diarrhea that was smoother than that song. I'll tell you right now. One fifty two a five sixty w to Q a n. Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer. And you're listening to it. And go for weekday after noon to two sports radio five sixty Q a l. Another thick in the White House. Right now. Can I not entertain with tonight? Yeah, missile and speed. Congratulations on the job with Jenny Craig. It was a good opportunity. I thought it would be intriguing. I was, um, have always had issues with my weight, but it's not as secret to anybody now. Right. Um, so describe the president's penis. It was fun. It was. Moll. That's nice. I entertained with tonight. One fifty six to five sixty w to Q a m. So anyway, in the start of the, uh, sunset and all about the grandmage last night it says, and I can't believe that nobody is called about this because I guess nobody here cares. It says among the performers were nominees, Abraham Ferrer of the grain of his social club in pop singers, Mark Anthony and Ricky Martin and Yadiyati. Ferrer who still isn't tuba was nominated this year along with past Grammy winners, winner of his social club in the category of traditional tropical Latin performance. But they lost out to an es patriot Cuban band leader Tito Pente. However, the salsa group was Van Van like Ferrer still living in Cuba. One best salsa performance. Obviously this was out there in Hollywood. Could we have had the Grammys here in this town? No. No. Because we have Cuban performers not only on stage performing and not only nominated, but actually winning one of the Grammys. God forbid. So thank God we didn't get sucked in and haven't that thing here or you wouldn't be driving anywhere today. You have gridlock. Here's Fort Myers. Hello. How you doing? Great. I don't know the I heard all show today. For what it's worth. Christina Aguilera's father is Hispanic. She's like, he's like from Guatemala or something like that. Yeah. Well, the article here says Latin and name only. Christina Aguilera, whatever that means. All right. I don't know. I'm glad he was a distant cousin was so once I'm glad she's supposedly she's the Spanish. I don't know if that's true or not. I don't care. I don't glad she wanted to award and not Brittany. Brittany wasn't that seating. Why is that? Well, because I just think Brittany's wanted. She's just a whiner of the singer. I mean, she looks good. Yeah, you know, probably she's a good man. Yeah, well, when you would like to see her up there. Thank you. And Jesus again. Well, you know, I could say I only got a beginning. I thought, the road in her corny joke. Oh, yeah, I know. That's one thing we can all agree on is that bitch has got to go. I mean, she is just disgusting. Not only is she look bad, but she's about as funny as a broken leg. I want to know who's a Jeff with that. She should start. She's a coach that show. I mean, I just like the awards. It's the same thing. It's all politics. You know, it's all who's the second who's knows. Okay. A couple things. I heard about this. I didn't see the entire award. I heard that when twin thing was presented with that award or okay, the Justin Kimberly from in sync. Yeah. When he announced the candidates, the nominees, that there's something that's did. Maybe you and George Cavalry this one. I didn't see that part. He made fun of Ricky Martin away. I wonder who it is. There's something like that. There's some type of gay tone of what he had. If you're really. No, that's just probably a piece from in sync. It's probably just his natural voice. I don't know. Go back and watch that. What do you, what do you, George, think of Jennifer Lopez as a versus a versus a dress? Didn't see that either. Did you? Well, George and see any of it. That was a great dress. I had to drop the quarter in front of her to see her. Exactly. Okay. I have a great day, sir. Didn't see that, thank God, because she's got a huge breakdown. I took up most of my picture and I have a 52 in screen. Her boobs aren't that big. We saw them. Here's Miami. Hello. Niel. Yes, sir. Don't go to keep this king, man. Jail. Jail. If you don't have the right numbers on your van for business letters and I'm, I'm most van van. Anybody, anybody that's going to keep this king. Yeah. Working there. If they don't have the numbers and letters right. Straight.