i'm 60 UAA renowned top to be�� now A This is your key to satitity on it. You can see her eyes so see all the children helping over their roads. She's taking things but they're taking things with her. Try more easy, but that's not it. And that's you, in the process of the deal. You have to prove everything you've got. If not proper, they'll hurt you. It's this fraud. Hey, Dutch law. If they're not lying, all in all. Hey, got me. That's the judge who's right. That's the judge who's right. That's the judge who's right. That's the judge who's right. That's the judge who's right. That's the judge who's right. And I want to try 60 WQM happy Thursday too. I have to really laugh. The brush team are asking this judge, Judge Clark, Mickey Clark, up in the Lee on County, to roll with Tuesdays. Because she was the one that was looked over for by Jim Bush. Passed over for an appointment. They see them the first district could have a pill. So they figure she might be a little bit of partisan. So they're for now. We know that the Catherine Harris, she not partisan. She also. And when the third of legislation is rattling their experiences, they were yesterday and saying, why do you know what? This is all moved all these laws. It didn't really because guess what? We're going to wind up passing road resolution. The punny or on 25 electives for Bush. And the best part of the whole deal is that's the governor. His agreed he's going to sign it. He's not going to continue excusing or re-cusing or anything else. He's going to sign it. Now he doesn't have any vested interest in this. Does he? No. No. But that's right to judge. Mickey Clark up there. We're not too pleased about what you might just have to say about those 50,000 absentee ballots and general Caldi. Oh man. And here's David Boyz. For what you boys watchers out there. He's just a hockey in the China. Hope for president. Yeah, well, we already did. And he's got his charts and his graphs. And they're asking the supporters to pre-encour to order and immediately recount. Oh. Now, do you catch it in time to find out what it is? And I want to tell you how sick this country is. The media especially. This thing is boring. And it kind of ties in with my progress today. You see how I always on top of these things. I anticipate it's like the O.J.L. The Bronco chase all over again. He got the choppers up in the sky. And they're following the rider truck. The rider truck is on the way. And it's heading out there on military trail. Or one up there in Palm Beach County. And it's heading out there to traffic. It's not going to be fine because there's a whole bunch of traffic right now. It's just kind of sitting there. With all those ballots in, like almost a half a million ballots there. You got all those other ballots from Bade. Over a million ballots on the way to Calahashi with a banjo underneath. And the crazy people in the media, they're showing you the caravan. They got the choppers up in the sky. And they're assholes out there including some of your people. It's gonna be right now that it grew to your TV. It's just watching it. All the team are all the way to the land of all. Ready? God they're making good padwax. What's my marker? Oh my God. We're talking crazy people. That's what we're talking about. Oh, speaking of crazy people. Remember, I mean that's- Oh, that's a pretty high five years. I've got a lot of kids here in Calahashi. And how should I put up with him for 25 days? I have no idea, but 25 years can regulation to the rumors. And he says he still rather have a gift. How do you like that? For a cheap Canadian Jew, huh? He still would rather have a gift. That's the best I can do for you. Remarking regulations and good luck to you. Get out of my face. So everybody who knows the women who's given their anniversary gift, please. Because it takes the heat off of me. I'm not giving them no anniversary gift. Even jelly is gonna go over the chuck around. If they're big anniversary party. Who's asking me, how come you're not growing? Because I'm not a phoneie. I'm not gonna be over there with the really boys. The spokesman and his brother and all these other phones. Sucking up for people who don't hate me like poison. And putting out a happy face for them. I just don't play that game jelly. Although you obviously do because you'll be over there. Smiling the women who's faced. Even though you usually stab in them in the back. I mean, well, huh? Or is it your words that stabbing them in the back? There is a jelly putting them up to it. No, not that, but I don't know. Yeah, I just threw out a phone and he's running around. But Remark is need online. He'll tell you to give it anyway. So David boys who's going on and on and on and on. Post DM. They have close to the end already. And I paid it the most depressing thing last night. Wasn't just the fact that singing a panther game that we only had about, I would say 8,000 people there. You'll still process 13,000 in the usual. Forget about that. So there were 8,000 people there at the max. And when the overtime started, which didn't last all that long, when the overtime started, there would maybe 2500 of us sitting there. Then I get home and talk about the person. Trevor said, nice God Trevor. What a great effort. Waste the time. Waste the effort. As the panthers blow another one of the distance. We're going to grow for anybody. He takes back tack or a mess. Go on Trevor. Don't take it personal. And I get home and make the leaves who are leading same Louis 5, nothing five minutes in the third period. They wind up blowing the lead and then losing it overtime, 18 seconds in. Six to five. One of the great blow jobs in the history of professional sports. So I was pretty depressed about both of those events. But the most depressing event of them all. Was that the game was night. Not just about the panthers. Not the fact that panthers lost in overtime and put on a really crappy show. I was in trouble. But there was, you know, they put all the stuff that the big entertainment up there in the school board for people to walk. So we have something to look at that. My piano pain because it sure was not the ice. And they have a thing that they do now where they show a couple. First thing had the kissing couples. They, you know, get a couple on the screen and then what they see that they're honored at kiss and all of them. And then they'll show two guys in the next. And we try to embarrass them. Well, in any way, they have a new thing they do starting last night. I guess where they show couples. And they'll superimpose the pictures like a movie star. Like Brad Pitt over the guy's face and then and the broadest sit there next to like what it appears to be Brad Pitt now, you know. They sure like a like a cartoon thing. Like somebody is dreaming about somebody and they put somebody famous in the picture up there over the pussy or whoever they're showing on the screen. You're following me so far and all while keep up. So they're showing a few of these things. And now they show some couple. And one of the guy his picture disappears. And his al-gore is picture. It's superimposed over a state. And the crowd is growing up. I mean, you're loudly. This is in sunrise at the enter center. And the crowd is blowing hysterically. They're even worse than Terry Murray and the robby need to bar combine. When he announced their names. And then they show a George W's to picture all of a sudden. And they're cheering. Honestly, the kid that noticed. I'd like to remind you a long thing. Remember back when we had all the polls before the election. Remember those. And they had the polls that they take with the school children. All of a crowded about four different ones. And they said, boy, let's really bad for girl because this was winning those polls with the school kids. By like a union vote. A million votes in this poll. Two million votes in that. It looked like it wasn't going to be close because they assumed. First of all, the person almost always been right with the kids. And number two, they assumed that the kids are going to roll it both over their parents like. Remember those polls? The kid polls. So after seeing this performance last night. By the crowd. And I use that term loosely at the McAurena. It's not used to me that kids and people with a mentality of little children are the ones who gravitate towards the W because the words of a feather flock together. But that just took the stuffing out of me. I already got my grud in my IBS and all my other internal goons on. None of which are all that serious. You just a nuisance. They're just part of God's gift to mankind. But that's just took the start out of me. I think that that's what it's going to happen. I know. That's what I was saying to myself. You're December 12th. The tribe and name are always the way to the lecturers. Do you think they would be in the illegal rights do so or even if you could overturn that in court? I don't not speculate on what the Florida legislature will will not do. I have said before that I hope before the legislature is not going to try to substitute. It's will for the will of the people of Florida. I think that the way elections are decided. People. In Florida under the Florida Constitution is bi direct election bi they. I got news for you because that's the noise that they're making up their entire hands. You be kind of like. But you know all the federal legal language that's going on even in this Supreme court. You guys are just uh, yankated because we're going to go ahead and name you like this. And we're obviously gonna be 25 brochure like this and he's gonna be in who you're going to set a forwarder. And Jeff was you said to you. I'll sign it. And they're we split them in there. The fix was in. I'd like to know how many of you people are going to sit for that. That's going to be our poll question today. Our poll question yesterday, which of these events was the most compelling to you, the Bush girl election, 435, 58 and a half percent of her 743 votes? The OJ trial that's what I voted for, 168, 22 and a half percent. Early on only 84, how soon they forget? 11.8 percent, and Monica slash penis gate only 56, 7 and a half percent. Our poll question today on our website, Neoranges.com, do you support the floor to legislatures plan to appoint 25 electors for Bush? Yes or no? Do you support the floor to legislatures plan to appoint 25 electors for Bush? Yes or no? It's a 10-tenth-tenth-tenth already here, 560 WQAN. No question to decide on whether you do to do for that excess to know. No, double-leaf to a now, got to have broken corporate. The where of exploding balls. The way of faith, we're the man with three eyes. All right. We're the man with three eyes. We're the man with three eyes. We're the big one, how will we go? We're the man with three eyes. We're the man with three eyes. And we're the man with three eyes. That's the state of five, six, we've got to be two or a year. One thing that's a lot of people, I guess I'm thinking about is that the British people knew all wrong, that they had this ace in the hole, the largest way to share, and the governor. Not just Catherine Harris, I mean, that was just the appetizer, that was just in the beginning. Well, that's why, you know, she's sure to sort of fight them early. I mean, on time, because, well, so that's what you meant to say, early, I mean, on time, who the hell is she kidding? The fix was in, they knew that they had this whole machine reset up, and now, you know, running up the clock and stalling and doing this, and doing that, which of course, the least on how to do that. But in any way, they don't have to do it very well. And just, and at this point, I don't care what anybody in this audience or anywhere else tells me, I don't care how many recounts they have. Now, there isn't a Chinaman chance in hell, that anybody is ever going to know what the real con for to was. If they've become an every single balance, starting this minute, they're still like them, though, what can be a count of a was. You've got so much, thank you, thank you, that one on an important count against our county and God damn big county, and big county and Palm Beach County, and God only knows where else. Who the hell knows what went on in this graph for, so you can tell you, so we call it state, a state of psychosis. All of the hitters, we got four people already who support the idea, and say, let me say this to you, that's what the question, whether you will think that Bush won in the FIRIAN square, and that he should be the president, that's not just the question. You think that the state legislature should be deciding who should do the electors as opposed to the voters. I mean, what's the point of all of us going to over six million people on the floor that's having gone to vote three weeks ago last Tuesday? What's the point if the legislature is going to decide anyway? So they used to do it in Russia. Yeah, that's right. We just wasted our time. All new people are discriminative about Cuba. It's not interesting that the same people many of them in Dave County, always screaming about Cuba where they don't have any God damn election. Now they want to disenfranchise everybody who voted, no matter who they voted for, I know number seven, then instead of Florida. And they're going to say, oh yeah, this is good, because this is the way to make sure Bush gets it. Like I said, they stole it by hooker by crook. Unbelievable, the name. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, you know? Yeah, I mean, I wish I could listen to your election night chairs. I know you're, you're all as good as a political analyst as you are as a sports announcer. And this is just like your third shrinking, I think. Uh-huh. They have the same people that were telling me two weeks ago that Texas was such a dummy. Now it seems to be the acclaim of it and like in the election county law, you know? Yeah. That's what makes me laugh. And you see, I'll go on. I don't come to the list. No, you just just know all that it's called the votes. Yeah. And so there is. And also, also, I, I've been here for about half a little bit of voted as a Chicago. So that's why Kennedy was president. I guess we won't be so funny now, you guys. So. So in other words, this is like a ball game. In other words, like like, like, like, like, like, like, like I said before, like little children like Bush and you approve of it, you people would childish mentality. Like, ha ha ha. Yeah. So it's, there's the first call. There's like yesterday, right over the box. And I'm going to call from Joe yesterday afternoon at home. Guess who wanted to be in here. I'm a CEO, you see what I'm saying? Would you want that call to be on national television? I sure wouldn't to be associated with me or they show our mind name. Even though those are the kind of assholes we've talked to every day. Yeah, CNN. Oh, yeah, they wanted to come in here with a camera crew and a microphone in the Holy of and record a tape of show because they're desperate. Is there any other local talk show when they're standing and coming in the, oh, no. So they're desperate. And now I said absolutely positive. They're not well, they were pretty insistent. And I said, I'm insistent. The answer is absolutely no. No. No. It's embarrassing enough that I have to make a living sitting here and talking to Bozos like this. Answer what I just spoke to here. No, no, no, no. I could overgrown child. Like I said, that's why all the kids there last night when they put bushes picked you up. You would have thought it was P.A. Well, well up there. All right, so I'm Pete. Yeah, they're cheering. Hey, like a rock star. Because people are juvenile and childish. Who is the referer? Like I said before, flock together. And yesterday when I asked for the umpteen time for one rational reason, I anybody voted for George double your bush and we split couldn't get an answer. And this is the kind of childish retort you get. The only honest answer we had yesterday was the one guy who said he was a bigot and I commend him highly. Not for being a bigot but for being honest enough to admit it. He just can't relate to the people that he thinks voted for Gore. You know, the shikarches and the fangs and the right to the those two street of maturity, so women and the old Jews and set them up so on. He can't relate to those people anybody to the left of a silver hunt. The least he was honest about it because that's what that's what George W. represents. 560, 560 on the AP and T and Verizon Wireless Line. Mobile and higher, yeah, hello. Mobile and higher, yeah. Go on the ones. Okay, I was talking to you too, asshole. Mobile and West Palm, hello. 80, 80, 80. Okay, I said. I wish I could get a wich count on the Florida Panther ticket. You know, I'm so glad to meet the week directing the problems on the power of the president. I'm almost over last night baby. Yeah, they should put him umbrella over that whole hour team. Matter of time. You know, in the beginning, the season, I thought we'd see a coaching about, uh, now it's just seen the 15 is cowardly, clueless and, uh, eight to the bar. When how many times have you heard me say lack of talent? I said, yeah, I think it's very hard to see the. You know, it's way the marriage, I think it's really something. And the other interesting article, the Palm Beach Post that today, saying if the Panthers had decreased and value, 9% as a result of the recent developments with the teams. Yeah. And you would think that high singers or business man number one would say, well, if I went to improve the sale of value of the team, I might make some changes. Well, how I want to ask you this, how much value is the team going to have when there's nobody showing up for these games? I mean, you could add your own section. Section 4 11 last night was completely empty. I've never seen anything like it in my life ever. You know, I quite a game. I would over face giving us and code up. And, you know, you know, from who you have a quality of the play so much better. I mean, the one up in game, put your passing and do it. You know, when I look at the team, it looks like it's a child quality. I. Well, I heard the whole game 90% of it is in the Panthers zone and the member kid doesn't play phenomenal. It's going to be a 9 to 1 game and all of us are going to be going before the middle of the second period. I mean, it's just a disaster. It's such a good game. It's a bad game. It's a bad game. By the team, right? Okay. You know, they're making other phenomenal. Right. But God, get a lot of the world on this team is just unbelievable. The guy just nothing. Yeah. Yeah, but again, if you were sitting in my seat and listening to people around. Yeah. These people don't know. They would know a hockey game if you talk about their eyes. All right. You keep on kicking us. Okay. Blow a least. Go. That was pretty weak last night. Pat Quinn said, you know what Pat Quinn said after the game for those five of you who care, he said, the rear, we do this all the time. We get to leave. Guys like to dick around. That's exactly as to direct quote. They like to dick around. Five, six, seven, all five, 60, pound five, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and cross-spring. So I know now. I'm doing okay, sir. I could try and see it in the elected outburst the president and George Gore, the vice president. Yeah. And in close. When does he come? We are enclosing you closely for yourself and your mouth pal. You're closed before you open your mouth. That's all. Five, six, seven, all five, 60. See what I said? We're not something great to get to see. And then in here today. And I could have said, what kind of a God damn place is this? And I would have said, this is South Florida, baby. That's what kind of a place it is. So should I serve the same thing to the BBC? We just call it. Yes. Tell the BBC the answer is, uh, no. Now he know when the answer is no. That's what he tell them. Tell them Cheerio, no, tell he home. And don't eat too much about it, dick. That's what the tell the BBC. Yeah, we have all these people. Can you believe that over the new one to show? There's the guy down in South Florida. He's the main thing. He's the one to talk about the election. That's the hot talk show down here. I'm going to let them come in here and embarrass me even further down on the birds by talking to these answers every day. I've been doing this 25 years searching for a tell-jet life in South Florida. Not me, baby. Not me. And it's an interesting back in the days of Alien. A lot of the same people that are hostile to us here on this show right now. A lot of those same people. We were the heroes because they liked what we were saying here. They were trying to show me and George, which was the truth. But now this truth they can handle because it is nappeted with a political persuasion with their mental illusions, with their affinity for somebody who's done more than saw us. I mean, if you want to try to convince yourself that this is a guy and I'll say the same thing at least I've been honest enough to say all along. You take the truth tickets, Bush and Shini and go and leave them and I wouldn't give you a dime for the whole throw them put together. They all suck and a country at 270 million people. Listen to the best we can come up with. I'm not arguing candidates. I'm not arguing for our group because he's not got no argument to be aimed for him. None. Zero. He's pathetic. I'm arguing philosophy and the problem with political especially in this time is they don't have any philosophy. They don't stand for anything. They don't have any passion for anything. I was trying to do something in my lot of people. He was all he had to see was their last night with the great train of food grant. I see a friend and even you too, Rally, how's it going? That's a lot of folks are the last night. I said, we're such a small squad. I guess they all came to see me. I was part of the somebody who had been to the heat game a couple of nights ago. They were under the blue there in the last seconds of the game. They said if there were 7,000 people there, that was a lot. And then I was a, I'll tell you this morning here at the same thing. So they had to spend all of that money to build two separate arenas in this one-four clock-flot running phony-ass town and with both empty all the time. So whether it's sports, whether it's politics, there is no passion for anything. I'm the one person in this town who's told the truth for 25 years. The only two things they have a passion for in this town, early bird dinners and a hate, those are the only two things. That's why during the days of early on man, you couldn't buy a phone on an issue. All among you in the world couldn't get you on the issue because the phones were smoking. Because it had to do with hate. We hate that Kielbad. That's the next week we ate. And that's the next week we ate. And that's the next week we ate. The only first town needs, he signs a good burial minimum. A good burial animal will be good for start. I'm telling you right now what it needs. A good, a quick and extra season. That's what it needs. Call of Father Miran, see if he's busy. 26-pans, 10-5-60 WCWC. Yeah, he's done. Well, Mr. David Boyz and his group was from CNN. They wanted to start today. So long ago we go on, the nerve days and do the more hours that's left by, the more difficult that become to remember. The Secretary of State, the town of Kielbad, the American Board and Florida, cut off Palm Beach County. The views to accept any of the results, Bill Fawling, which they were 127 minutes late. That wasn't far on the Supreme Court. They didn't even count to 189 votes. Yeah. That they got it on time. The Supreme Court said, if they get it on time, you got to count them. Secretary of State, they didn't even count the voting for the Secretary of State. I'm not saying the Secretary of Board. Florida, shock. I agree, Tom. 5-6-7-0-5-6-1. What do you see how this post going on, Joe? You're going to commit suicide right in there. I'll send you flowers. Views to purify the Florida Reduce Census title, .25 electives for George W. Bush. 86 votes already. No 50-5, yes, 31. Like I said, here it is. It's past 10th theory. If we had one real rational target today. Oh no. There's a reason why. 5-6-7-0-5-6-5-6-5-6-6 on the AT&T. If they, this is what really kills me. This is what really fraught my big fat or pimple yet. And if I'm like a difference, then I can pay one way or the other. See, there are no voice supporters. I'm beginning to wonder who the hell they are. Half of the people in this state were forever to grow. Half or more. Whatever they want was. So, there are old Jews in the cemetery. Villagers might have a home voter for about James Buchanan or Pap Buchanan or something. And as far as I guess, I don't know who else voted for him. Maybe that thing is a hot-geet game. I might be right there in the middle of sunrise. Maybe we just throw out a grain there. I don't think so. I don't know what else going on here. But you're going to use, kind of, sit back and we're over and play bed now. Because, like I said, you're far out to be just as strong enough years don't care that much. Who gives a crack? Let's just hand it over to Jim McKee's to the kingdom and let's move on with important stuff like the holidays. Here's a moment of time. Good morning. Yes, sir. When you're in Amsterdam, there was a Republican head who just wanted to be conjectured that some of the chats may have been injected by some of the Democratic vote counter. Yes. So, of course, you know, George, I do a Shawneating chat. I just wanted to bring that to your attention. So, but, to you imagine the partisanship that's going to be resolved out of regards to move that to do the White House. You know, the interesting part about that is that the party election, and based on all of the polls, the majority of people in this country, who, by the way, who they said they were going to vote for, were highly lukewarm. In fact, the polls that they were taking with you, well, you had to act like that. The different choice was winning handily. But now all of a sudden, after the election is over, they've divided the country right and half, right down in the middle. It's great when we're getting the office and saying, I'm going to bring all the on-back and I'm going to, okay, you should get to say that. You see where he's going? So, yeah, I just got through saying it. There we go again. The Cuban, it's there for all. The Cuban did it. Not the 98,000 people of order for native, I get about them. Which I don't think there were too many Cuban's of order for native. You can pick any group you want. See, people vote in groups. Why is this guy picking on the 92% of the Blacks who voted for Gore? Because they thought they were voting themselves in church. They didn't have any philosophy. Please, don't waste your time with that Cuban version. Find some place else who dig up Sandy Payton somewhere. Pop up on a chair. Let me do it with a ghost of ambition. They can do a two-way man show. On the one-the-man part. Yeah. But who it was? Ten of March and March. And who was the pants and that family? And he was the pants and that family. And he was the pants and that family. And he was the pants and that family. And a kill-end. But you do have a good point. Here's Boingby, Cholo. Hello. Yes, sir. Meal. Yes. Jesus, that's a great first time caller. I'm going to tell you something. No, you haven't been waiting. You just got on there. Oh, Neil. This is the greatest thing that I'm speaking to you. No, I don't think so. So, it's a fake girl. Yeah. Listen. I have a question. I'd be stupid. And I live in Palm Beach County. Yeah. And I want to know what's the visit or the camp. Why isn't there a rainbow? There were 22,000 double punch cuts. People made a mistake. Sir, it's in it's in court. You're watching the news. Are you watching the news? Yeah. You're watching the news, not in court. That's an entirely unlikely that there'll be a revope. But it's a possibility. Because that would be heading to much money out. Especially if you're in the stock market. As you never, many left. Yes. But that would be another plan. That was addressed. So, was only addressed with the re-cow reserve. It has been addressed. It's in court right now as we speak. Hang on, tighten those screws you back to our mic. It might tip over. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Palm, 5, 60 on the 18, and they want to see an N in the BBC in here. I can hear all your firstifications, brilliant comments and observations about stuff that happened right here. Not just in this state. But right within the side of my God, they're more voice. Man, are you people tragic? And I'm sitting there with a hockey game. Turn my kishki job because the place is empty. And because I'm sitting in the middle of a bunch of runk heads. For our yelling things that make absolutely no sense at all. And I'm wondering what they're planning on on. Hey, well, if you were such a shameless, tired, repetitive garbage from the same old tired crowd. God, I'm getting back on that plane. Yeah. Soon as I get out of the cage. Here's a more than four waterdale. Yeah, I don't know. I'm doing great. Alright, I just saw, I moved to Vegas about a year and a half ago. Yeah. This week for a week vacation. And I miss you, shall I tell you? Yeah. I was trying to tell you, there's nothing like you would Vegas. Okay, well thanks. Thanks for your tremendous input. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, 5, 60, 5, 60, 5, 60, Thanks for sucking around. Out of town line, wide open air, 877, 7, 7, 8, 5, 60, 245. Come on, on you mudwamps, shove it air. Yeah, this is what children about those people too. I'm ready for it today. I'm going to get my health back a little bit. Can you hear it? Yeah. Oh yeah, they kicked me off between noon and noon. We're going to have a revolution over here on at 7, 70, those days. And we never hear from those guys then, but they haven't got a goddamn thing to say. To the military voted in the same election that we did. Didn't make it all, oh, I'm sorry. I thought they did. Here's a mobile and Palm Beach, hello. I was like, I'm a registered driver for that, but I didn't vote. I couldn't, I couldn't not bring myself to vote for our law. Yeah. I don't think. I could understand that I almost did the same thing. Uh, well, I don't really care how it comes. I don't think it's going to make a difference. So I want to talk about hockey here for a second. Yeah. My company has got those lexas club seats for, you know, that whole arena. I guess we buy them for whatever event there. And I've been to 2, 3 hockey games. Yeah. I'm not a hockeyist, they should not. Or I don't even really understand the game, but my question to you is, But you hear right in there. My question is this though. hockey cannot, I still get it, I'm very popular in the United States since it's never or not, it gets on network TV. But you have to cost of the ticket to go to that is equal to football and basketball. Yeah. If they're trying to sell a new concept like soccer and hockey, I guess. I can't keep my mind caught. I think that's all. And then I'll hockey, because that is a new concept, you're it's been around since before Foster Hewell was a baby. But it's not, it's not around in Florida. And most people that grew up for it is only time they ever happened. Well, there's one line that underlines the whole thing. It's called greed. It's called greed. It's called greed. The owners want to squeeze the money out of you. The players in their union want to squeeze more money. And as long as everybody wants to be a multi-millionaire billionaire, then we're supposed to pay for it. We're supposed to subsidize it. And since you don't care about it, the first place, what are you baching about? And he gets paid tickets from this company. And he's belly aching about how much it costs to go there. Though come to the games. We've got enough people already who don't understand it. Including the coach. 21 before 11 and 5 and 60 WQM. Come and Neil Roger shows. Sports radio. 5 and 60. You. Hey. The media is sick and no doubt about me. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm looking for dickhead. You're looking for dickhead. You have got it. Well, you probably worked. You're talking to this mother. He's not. He doesn't play that again. No. That's a good. This is Mike Oxland. Is there any message I could give you? Yeah. Just tell them I'll be over Jack and All-South. Jack and Who? Jack and All-South. When he asked you something, you worked with him a substance? I help him with side stuff. I didn't know he did. Yeah. We coach. I don't think so. Yep. And we do, uh, we, uh, under weekends. We run a, uh, cockfighting ring. I like your folks alone in there. No. I have full of alone. No. I'm going to be on the side. Work with your talk in the back. Yeah. She does with me. He does. No. I don't think so. Yep. I'm going to write to name them. And I don't know if I'll see him. But I don't know if I'll see him. But I don't know if I'll see him. Well, listen. My name is Mike Oxland. Let me write that. My thoughts. In my, in my. In my. Yeah. Yeah. In my. Oxland. Oh, X. L.O.N.G. Mike Oxland. L.O.N.G. Mike Oxland. Doc. Doc. Can't. Can't. Can't. Doc. I'll be over there. Sit up the cockling. And if I heard him. Can't. Can't. I've heard of it. I do it often. No. But he's. Doc. Can't. I do it often. Well, he lives at his house. Where we have the cockfighting. He's. He lives at his house. And like you're. This tail. Biggie. When he's at to these like Showing fish. But he doesn't? Tell him. But it's a large toolbox like they can hear the first place. As you take a bubble bath. Have a mighty feather there. Do you ever get in a bubble bath with him? He's not selling. So what? Down, down and weighs year and there's what you people do he calls according to them. He comes from flicknego site by the cockfighting tonight? Not for my son year, not. 10 for it while I look away that one in Q 10 46 and 5 60 WQ and what a doubt chop it out Now it's on 89 and man's deck the markets are taking a big yeah it's all over baby We're finished here's a mobile and West Palm Beach hello Yes sir how to make two points that I'll get back to this moment But the fun So the inability of people Why do you do it? Wait a minute. Oh wait a minute. Are you want to speak your phone? I know you're a mobile No, no, no, no, no, no, no, okay. Well speak right in that thing I'm trying okay If the people are motivated and what's on county you're out of lead and far direction we wouldn't be in this map On a Sunday on number two That's the Florida Supreme Court first and over 7,000 they can go If they want And then the I'm sorry Okay, thanks for your campaign speech 5 60 50 50 60 18 T and for why is the one these are the people who believe in search rights You know keep it in the state that the Florida Supreme Court they're a bunch of goddamn communist so screw them Right Just keep making it up to people along just like those you know those dimples and temples They're okay and Texas but they're not okay in Florida Uh-huh Here's a mobile and down baby channel Got a big yes, sir. Yes, I know a 50 people are vulnerable for the reason they do it as because they're nasticus You know how to do good for the best they here ever that we want to be short They're not a little bit yeah, they want to go back to the days of pop-a-boost they'd like that Yeah, they like that just so maybe it's a good thing that he gets in because Living get down on a knees and play maybe public comes back you know I'm saying and as far as you're Adjunct I should have on my life. I don't know I don't know if I take a post like for two years The works wonders I don't know you know how bad you are seeing this But just But you have a video doctor Talk about it in the shopping for you. I know you had that. Oh So what they say my inside your beautiful turn look at that Unless you're so bad Yeah, I've been eating water. I've been eating I've been listening to water. Okay. Have it on your side. It's not good out here 560 75056 Pound 560 on the ATT we got a talk to a lot of people here today May we got a talk to because who knows that we see it in this taping the show on the BBC and the SPCA and that only knows who else and of course a lot of Graham They're taping they're monitoring Here's a moment in Miami. Hello Yeah, sure Thank you for coming. Hey Tony. You know never has a good more important than that competition right the right to bear arms Because when any party tries to steal and we're election. Yeah, I think if try to let the get our arms I am out of it. What's going on? Yeah, I think that every phone dollar vote should be counted So you have the real winner especially to determine before we go and determine a winner like bush has over pointing this cabinet And having a violent channel over 10,000 votes that haven't been counted properly Right I don't wear what where are the people that said about this these people are calling supporting bush How about just supporting the right of the world? You know the world you'll notice that if they were concerned about the outcome if they thought that they really want Fair and Squish or the speaker and that they really deserve to be able to transition team go on and get away to move on into what 16-member Pennsylvania Avenue if they really believe that then what the hell are they afraid of what they can Counted those votes 400 times already Correct the mark a mark a mark a circle with winning the DR The answer they are saying no they lost make no mistake about it They know that if all the votes were counted and the intended voter were properly recorded They know they lost and they've had this great opportunity to steal it and nobody's gonna get it back Let me tell you if we don't count the remainder of these votes are questionable We don't know the machines and count them but they may be valid both I am getting up completely on this democratic system. We haven't been talking because it's not balanced You have the third party is I for the show up. I'll see you next to them. Okay Do Or see one in five six seven oh five sixty pound do it each human don't forget about that one What are we going here's a model and oh we'll move the top grows your dad I forgot to mention that I remember the little toe grows your Cleveland Brown place is great. Oh, I do Here's a model in four miles. Come on. Yeah, sir. Hey, what's gone on? How you don't share how's things over the West Coast? No, sunny and confused Yeah, yeah, you don't know the good both the content think they should have to write that all the Judgment reason why they're voting for the candidate. I mean you may have the point that I've been asking people for a week now Why did you vote for Bush? Yes They don't know They're like the number of the reasons And it's the really thing one guy said is what I voted for changing really And I said Well, I am a good way and then we have a lot of people are voted for a julie women Probably you're right, yeah, no question about that of course some of them can take around a view of right, but they were trying Yeah, that's that About okay, we'll go back to West Power right for good We'll survive this we survived Ali on we survived the OJ trust Then he moved down here to slap us in the push with it with his good buddy what's his name? Roooo! Yeah We'll survive this As my mother would say wash is listening that bullying boss flashing in the toilet this afternoon That should be your worst problem 560 50 50 50 50 on the AT&T and Verizon whatever's lying. Yeah, I always make a big splash at mom's house Here's a lady more than Margie, hello Hi, yes, man You know my person you're about all of this Why the do you buy the push? I mean he's gonna. I think you make the right thing. Yeah So why would anybody and you pass and know that the public is facing each and How the country when he's a drunk it? Okay, well, this one you're getting new film coming again someday these models today really shine a But I'll come like that once follow running you know why that the car dealer spot that's all muffled and you can't understand Where the Senate not that we care. I want you to understand that I just mentioned in passing as we did Cobb would say if he was still who was today 560 what happened to the great people from Hollywood you know the a cook carry grant and car gables They died New Jake Cobb Bill watch his name from network the hood and sister heard them They said holding the bottle they found him on the floor. He was holding the bottle. Remember that? Yeah, why did drunk during Hollywood? Maybe W if he did things that work out right. I would look like they probably will form but if they don't work out right Maybe you can find a position in Hollywood You Maybe they sure for where we go on here's a lady double and do feel the chocolate is a better mobile phone. Hello Yeah, so not on mobile phone. Okay, I'm I'll go to school and I go to front for the same reason you vote at home because Considering the alternative to keep on bush exactly and I just would like to know what to do now I'm ready to You know, I mean Just totally ridiculous. Yeah, they're talking about even after this thing. I mean like you said before They're not gonna count those votes because they ship it. They're so confused right now those votes That's it's not gonna prove anything By the the court thing where they the now shipping millions of votes instead of our thousands It's just And now they're talking about walking up the vote after the election so nobody will ever know even for years after because they're afraid They can't do that well I just heard that ever day. Well, I don't know what you heard it But the freedom of information that it means that they have to be in fact we've already got all these loops Including that one right wing group that are clamoring you get their hands on them and The media's got to write to us. Ammonos with ballots after all these summer 7. I would think so But I you know you hear these things and then the Florida legislature I was working into Randy road yesterday and He had a Is Professor Maria I want and he was saying that it was absolutely illegal with it You know because they have already picked Somebody they've already A certified bush so they cannot go to the legislature because they already have a story How's Randy doing she ever finding her two identity was she still Kind of I'm looking for it now I'm still trying to find out which color it is this week. Okay. Well, it's a good like to work Hi, okay, okay, okay, I'm sorry. I chopped it right off. I thought she was probably still gonna say something about Randy again hey, let's don't be a picking on Hank. Okay, Hank is our buddy. We got a two it is this show and Hank Goldberg show That's this radio station. Well, I'll respect to our friends in the morning show. We have been in front of the morning show Oh, I need to guys in the morning show not a friend But you know promoting Randy roads we don't want to do that on What's happened? 5 to 7.05. 15 pun Why would you listen to that what's wrong with you? She's actually doing the job through all this based on what she's getting People on she's talking about what's going on. She's got by the box around who they yell person with she just said yeah Lady said it sir. Well, I don't want to have all those people under I don't know You're talking about it. You're talking about it, but I don't want to have all those guy been talking heads under I've got them show on TV 24 hours a year. So skydiving right when you've been Ginsburg the Abyss Attorney See what thing about lawyers their horrors. They're all horrors like Kendall coffee like this guy like Alan Duchers They're all about your horrors. It's a good painter right about don't go to the fan that anybody They don't give a crap. They're about your horrors And who says prostitution Julie go to America? Oh, we got all these guy damn lawyers run around well I scroll on Randy I didn't hear you doing a good job In fact, I'm a turnaround this afternoon all I doubt because I was in the hang okay Until those gamblers start calling and destroy a show Hank Scott said greenberg on a far four clock. That's gonna be the girlberg in greenberg and then we got been no crooked five o'clock I think you think you see we don't care how many anti-submits throughout there we we got the balls here on this station We got goldberg and greenberg together. Oh, I said so put the audio Graham It's 10 to yeah and the macaroon and some lies I decided they're bullying grow and they're sure and bush like it was like they just put What's his name from the WW after the rock up on there the scream well what is that? What the hell is that? That's just it was I somebody reached inside and just tell my a stop of this out We're gonna have Randy roads on the wall Oh, sure, so he's gonna be on with Bob a boxer. I can imagine what those who are gonna be doing Boy Oh Oh Yesower 1606 votes already just in the first hour. This is pretty overwhelming if you're pretty strong about this You know the smell of 100 10 say no, but 56 say yes You know what that is 66 in a little over 66% say no, but a third a third you Curse a yes we support that because we want first to get me by hooker back up We don't give a crap how crooked it is we want them in there. We don't know why we want them in there because we know like you're kind Okay, well, it's your honest about it. Here's for waterdale. Hello. I don't know I'm watching the motorcade right now This is just like oh J. All over again This is showing it on the show and the thing on the turn bike right now. Can you believe this? Auto K for who the right it's luck with the really if at Hp No, I can't right yeah Anyway, we need to go to play kicker for a clean-in-brown back in the 60s. Yeah, I think this is a really sick Yes, he was anyway He came from the era back in those days when the plastic was also used to play defense when I was there with talk back When you were position players not just you know, I'm actually not literally so I'm a paramedic and that when I was in Ohio He actually wrote in our he got sick and we got to pleasure picking him up Seminole County yeah, we don't hear I mean we heard we have her people talking about it But other we left for And then yesterday this might be their eighth and the whole for the ectmic rats really because There was illegal they what those That I don't know anybody are you really this but those were already rejected and you think happening here it is recalls if you see the Republican Sandra good oh my god, no if he feels like yes He's really good and she said she would have been the same thing for the Democrats. Yeah, right the guy's body Wait a little bit Chandler trying to get in that I would say I think what he just said yeah Yeah, somebody sends me an absentee bottle request yeah, but Lisa's saying I would trouble You know he's in hiding now stay out of the way which is just what he's gonna do He hit anyway, but they don't want him in there. They want to keep him in the back of he's just you know something When they make comparisons with him in Reagan I used to lie Because he was Reagan was good. He was a movie actor. Remember his lines well He presented them well he came across like he really knew something where she didn't feel a bit up there But But they're really great similarity one the why because they're both just face men They're face men Anybody doesn't know what that is I guess you never had good posts 5 670 5 50 palm 5 60 on the 18 2 and boys and models line the numbers change During that count process as has been alleged by these observers that is correct They did a manual inventory Free sink by three things of e-ballets that had been injected by the machine as undervoted ballets Some of those ballets had actually gone through the manual recount process. No, we don't want it on too much That'll stuff like the Randy road show She had baba box you're on Yeah, yesterday baby forever that and Nothing she's just they're going nuts up there. She's flipping out over this whole thing. Who is Randy? Let me answer one question Here's like what's wrong with you wrong? Here's Miami. Hello Miami Oh They just passed out when it was that here's a mobile and they'll be chill All right, well, yes, sir. How you down to that okay? No, my question very very fairly because I'm not on other side very one is prior to the election We have statutory requirements to cover everything from the deadlines to What constitutes a ballot ballot deadline? In the hour and hour from the grave to the year yeah and all it's up and my first search You know all that triples and flashcards to the election and then it changed it Alpha the election the name for I don't know to change one Well, like the deadlines for certification What constitutes a ballot ballot? I hate the way I want to count you we also have what is called a contest I mean it's done to the course it's legal. It's not the first time you can have the certification But then there's showers in the course. It's called the contest and the contest is going on Right now Well, I'm not cool with the one the contest and do what what everything yeah, I'm saying How I remember however you do have a very good point and of course the state rights people like Bob Novak that Not she was under last night saying oh no we don't want to change the way we vote except for the state And see nothing in the middle of counting they like it because it allows them to do all their hanky panky But the fact is that here it's supposed to be so important to have an election and now we're still arguing about the standard for counting your vote How can it not already be specified risk? You know specifically in the law just like the thing where the absentee oversees ballot How can we not have that specifically in the law? It just it just bottles the mind that doesn't it's so important I was supposed to get so upset that they're the friendly but at which most of us are guys still are for what reason I don't know but we are because they told us it's important just like Alien and And this is no written down in granite How can that be oh You should have heard no backlash not just just a usual that would have to teeth in a way to Dracula teeth over there to be overbite Kering on about all this is great and the even individual county Yeah, these are the state rights people except one of states of pre-inquadicals comes down with a ruling they don't like then they attack in their bunch of communist They're all over the guy damn place Bimples and pimples and chads and burl-crap and this is the way to have an election at least their price has been very weak in my opinion Over the last there this two this other thing very very weak Somebody evidently you're put something as we Tina, but Let me see you know said you're right. We got to change the way To whoever ask the question the way that we vote and has to be brought up to where we're in the sonage This is this is the dog and pony show and the wagon is broken down I hear Bob Novak's gonna be taken over They're well Alexander Hagen feeling to good so Novak's coming in he's gonna say I'm in charge now 9 minutes after a rabbit is fine 60 W to Q a N Every while you talking about his decision 2000 and now here's your chance to own up pizza history with his musicals They do our goal seeing who is we go It's my heart and now microorganal wanted methane the bow to recommended by one And P Oh Right Really All right, 114, 15 at 560WC on the real bad news is they're having like a little committee meeting this morning and the real class are doing their band, just but I won't do any good because they're outnumbered 8 to 6 in that committee and as we thought they're going to be making a official this afternoon and they'll be a science field of the little overday, special session to forwarders and estate legislature to start on Tuesday. I'm sorry, on next Tuesday. Give me your people say on Tuesday, wrong tomorrow, that's kind of a sports thing. But anyway, speaking of sports is Barbara Holtzendorf, is that her name? Nice job this week, are you going to have it? You go, we're all sure we did good. So I'll contact the Democrat lady. I'll say the one thing, you know the people that are really in the aftermath of all of this, sick and by the guns are really telling them like it is on the dark folks. Really, you see all of them sitting in the view, they know what's in their best interest, they know exactly what's coming. They don't want to take 50 giant subs back into this phone age. They don't want to be drinking no more gin, crow, or gin bean. But the recipe folks it's kind of like, wow, I'm tired of this. What times the ball games start, you know, I'm where we're pretty tired of this. And so you're willing to sit here right here in a garden sunshine state and let a bunch of far-bis and a glimpse, feel a whole lushing coming. Just just just hand it right over, here's the case of the kingdom to our governor's brother. What a contravenant. What a strange presence. It just happens to be his brother who told him two, three in the morning on election night while I'll know what you're picking in their pants and getting it right. He told him, no way you won. Yeah, my brother told me I won. I got your cover and but it's Boba Boxer say about that. Well, I had Diane finds on on for Christ's sake. Huh? You're going to have some California Senate. You've had it. You think you had Diane finds on? Wow. How about how about how you know, Closion? Oh, yeah. It's 20-minute drive home. I've been in the pudding. I couldn't listen to 20 minutes to turn. Why is that? Text 20 minutes to get her running to turn around in the house. Here's a lady in Bokeh. Hello. Neil. Yes, the man. I want to tell you something. I do care. I'm not like that schmuck from Boyd and Beach. Yeah. Then a crit. So quote unquote. They said he didn't vote. He should live in a country where they never allowed to vote again. Isn't Mark Cuba. Yeah, that's all right with me. I got to tell you something. Yeah. I got to tell you something. Neil, I have to say I'm going to read you in a second that I sent to Al Gore. Yeah. I think you're a person who's the same. I just want to tell you something about how much I care. If that jerk and I don't want to said using my famous boy letter words. Yeah. If he wins. That asshole, yeah. Thank you. I'm going to go to Washington with a lot of other people. I'm going to get your stuff in black with my boot and stand on the call with a black out that in a black out. Yeah. The one that's in democracy in America. Excellent. Because I'm a patient in America. I see a new spacer when you sent channels. More pictures of people like tape over the mouth and people from Boko. Well, that's where I'm from. It's pretty a whip up and pie off and start off about it. I sent a sex. I mean, I'm very, I'll go to vice president. Vice that president at White House. No, you don't have to read me. Go. I just want you to know the address for your people. That's why they're all on people don't hear. That's sure they do. They do. They don't. They don't. They don't. If you get a car in the air, it's always been that way. They're the ones that I really whipped up to a refugee. And the rest of the people are they're beaten down. They don't care. Can I read this? Go ahead. Here. I'll be there. We're with you. My vote isn't that writer truck on the turnpike and I want to count it. We're proud of you for fighting for all of our votes to be counted. From fun and Boko return Florida. And your people should get in touch. There's the emails. They can fix. They've got to show the support. I get it. I got rid of Nixon and I will tell you something. Did you do that? Yes, I do. I used to be on a direct line to that judiciary committee. I'm going for him. I believe me. I like you. I'm very frightened and I'm very depressed. Well, I got my passport. I'm sitting on a right now. I'll tell you something funny. I just got a new one for months ago. Good. Good thing. I wasn't planning on a trip. But I got it ready. And you know, I wish it had George if he could retrieve a fix that I sent to him last week about my conspiracy theory when this all started. Yeah. Like I have it. I have it. I have it. Silly. I've already read it. What do you think about it? I think you can get the little carry the way, but you're hearts in the right place. Okay. Okay. You're going for it. Thanks. Let him have it. I just took it to him. Five six seven eight. I do have it right back here. I happen to have read it. How do you like that? You know what I'm talking about? I sit right up. Yeah, I'm not. When you put it on the crossbones, I don't want to read it. George, visit. Don't play me. All day we just got this and George W. Bush said if he is a letter that all of the name two students will be going back a week from Monday. So I go to show you. See they never know which side they're always on a wrong side. They're just always think that the butter is butted on a wrong house. Yeah. Five six seven five six feet. Your car still says he don't care as long as there's still an auto racing. He doesn't give a crap. That's really sad. He says wrongs. We got an asker who needs some president. I have lots of asker. Oh yeah. Lots of lots of asker. Lots of red next. If that would get you an answer. I didn't make it. I'll take all his buddies down. We'll watch a little dick trickle. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, I know. How you different? I'm doing. Okay. I haven't heard this yet but I heard it on a skewer. You know, I took over on a new show. It's a Bush. Smalls this court track out long enough to wear the letters get done by the legislature or whatever and he is said to be the president of the act. January 20th comes and he gets sworn in. Yeah. He's the president. Uh-huh. Then somewhere down the road, the Wall Street Journal or political science department from a major university. Yeah, one of the people are somebody like, they treat them information at just the ballots and count. They want to write. They won't make any difference. You're only thinking of a doer's that it makes it even more impossible for him to govern the political hate and likewise poison and it will show very clearly that they still re-election and that's all. That's all that we'll do. Not gonna be good enough. But he's not going to think people be a little upset if they have lines saying bastard president go really win. Yeah, what about if there's a headline it says where a Bush had turned out to have knocked up some woman into head and abortion for back in 1971. It's not going to change anything. Then we can waste another 70 million dollars next to more hearings. Let's put another special prosecute. Let's get Ken Star's liberal counter-part out there. What do you say? I'll introduce you with you, good. I'll make him a special prosecutor. He can't go over to you. Try going on right now. 560, 750, 50, 50, 50. Let's say about Frankenstein. That the Supreme Court should use the power to do so, which of course would end it and probably mean that George W. Bush would be certified in Florida. So, my clarify that for me in relationship to the legislature in Florida. What they what the the broad people are saying is that the constitution, the U.S. Constitution, could and they're not making it a credit statement that could in fact prohibits the state legislator from what it's considering right now. Oh, coming up with its own slate of electors. They're saying that Article Six of the Constitution, which says that it is the U.S. Constitution that is the Supreme Law of the Land, could preempt the state from doing that. So, what could happen at the Supreme Court could preempt everything? The hand recounts now this action on the part of the Florida legislators. I suppose that's why they call it the nation's court of life resort. That is exactly the role that was envisioned. Have you liked that, huh? Yeah. You support the Florida legislature's plan to appoint 25 electors for Bush's or poor question that they on eolanges.com. We got 202 votes already, 222, which is the 3066. 149, say, oh, and 73, say, yeah. About the two third which is pretty sad. What is the Article Six? Say, you got to say that the U.S. Constitution is not really doing it. It's not. Let's call it part of a box and have a really two of us on the phone. Come on. I just sum box. I actually have a lot of what you can read pretty good in some language. How do I type it? Yeah, he's a good. If he out now and see back in, he may be a good winner. If he out. Okay. What does it say? Well, you want me to start at the beginning? Well, how long is it? If I don't get to the other debt, he will go into the paragraph. That's even not too long. When all one, it's so sort of debt. That's. I'll skip that part. We have a pre-scripted part. We have a complete number. The United States would shall be made in pursuit of fairer of an Alfredi's made or that it shall be made under the authority of United States shall be the Supreme Law of the land and the judges in every state shall be bound there by any thing in English capitalized. Yeah. Any thing in the Constitution or laws of any states to the contrary, notwithstanding. What does that mean? That means that federal laws can't be superseded by the law. Right. Yeah. So another word that I guess what they're saying is that I don't know. I'm going to take somebody really, really short. Like I say, I'll induce you with. Get him on the case. Let's get him on the phone. What do you say? No. No. How about O.J.? Here's a lady in Miami, hello. Yes, ma'am. I'm angry that the Republican Party is getting away with us. I'm a poll that the people don't even realize that they're only power, which is voting is being trashed. And what I think that we have to do for the future is to make sure that they don't do it again. And by that we have to make sure that those machines are banned from Florida. Then we get a thing standard ballots for the entire state. And that comma at 10 time, we get rid of these Republicans from the legislature. No more paper ballots. No more penalty. And the same ballot standard for everybody put it. Everybody in this state. In fact, I think what we're going to do is we're going to bring up pictures of Joe and Crawford. Remember no more wire hangers? We get the paper. We use your picture in Western Greenland. And we're going to put no more paper ballots right in front of a push there and have to be the special lady to make sure that we don't have to go through this garbage again. That's a good one here because the thing is that we can't get screwed again on the only way is by doing these things in the future. So people should not be now just saying, okay, you're sober and give up. Right. Let's get rid of this. Let's go with a good future. Okay, thanks. Yeah. Now, yes, she's not going to get screwed again with a jump Crawford. But I think you think she was above. I come out of the K&S, March, March, or Paul, I'm that great or Joe and Crawford. You remember who Paul and that great was? Wait before your time. You have to be right, Scott. She's all right. She was married to a rural Valentino. You know about him. He was all the, so, she can't have smudge much, or Justin, Timberlaker, we don't value in Tino. That's a good question for one day later. Maybe next week. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. It's just for conversation. Take it's not really important. But it's just for conversation. We go standards. Can be then argued to be disregarded and improper. And by doing that, do you think that no matter how this goes, that the U.S. The Concourse is doing a favor of sorts to the next president by adding some legitimacy to the idea that he would take office, whoever they're with. Without a doubt. But the court has to be careful here. The court has to try and speak with as much consensus as a can. And I think it will. Because not only conservative justice to care about the proper reading of the text of the Constitution, the liberal justice is doing as well. And we have seen in past opinions that had justice, even, justice, suitor, and other members of both sides of the wings of the court have had a special affinity for protecting the national interests. And we have a national interest here. And that is the integrity of the presidential election. And that integrity will be enhanced. If the court speaks with as close to one voice as possible, saying that article through section one of the Constitution gives the state legislature the final word on this, they had established procedures that needed to be followed. Those procedures were followed. And for sure, for those procedures George Bush received all the need to come to the majority of that. And what I'm Bush looking. Okay. 26 after a lot of I should wish I would have known that right up on 26 past the hour five, 60 WDQN. A Neil Roger show. Sports radio live 60. I'm going to tell you something seriously. The media not only are six, but they're the most of them belonging jail. Most of you people in the media belong behind bars. There are every a few minutes they keep cutting to a picture of that guy named writer truck on the turnpike, speeding it away along. And the gousels, well, where are those people going? What are they running from? It's the ballads, baby. It's the freaking ballads in a writer truck. You better get with the program. We're going to have time to be in pauching while with the Southern Crafts. We got to get our eyes blue on this garbage. It looks for Joe Costello in the QAM fan, which will not be speeding up the turnpike, but it will be at the corner of the fire in the university in private finds in a huddles parking lot. From noon to two today, you're chance to get the best in the merchandise. We got about a little bit of a little bit of a 60 grand, 60 once a long time like that. We certainly hope we can do over 100 for plant parent this year. There's absolutely a lot of reason why we shouldn't. There's a lot of teacher, teachers, and cassette and those key chains, which I got news for there was the fast running out there a few hundred left. So if you want to get yours, you can do it without even having to go to new rangers by common ways. You can get it right in your hand today in the key chain too and all the other good stuff. Just go see the QAM fan, noon to two, corner pines in university right by the Huddles parking lot and see the lovely Joe Costello. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and garage in line. Here's the call from P.R. I know. You know what's up, I have your answer. I'm running. I'm pissed off again, but I tell you what, can I, I got a message to the Q. We let me say that I will come see anything. Yeah. The Q was fitting on corner to that for what we did earlier, right? That's gone for a time and for a while. We don't fit that part. That's just for the back part. That was great. That was dynamite. Not a good idea to go to the corner here which I didn't, but that was great. Oh man, that's a really important thing. Yeah, that's just an really important. What's the big deal with that? 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and garage. Not totally much, but I just got to like together. Man, they know what the, you know, they're crap. Here's a mobile in broken, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. The garage is for the small bank. My main concern was that some same work nominations are gone, but the more I think about it, it's kind of even bigger. I mean, everything's gonna be like a credit board because I was getting I wanted to run an opponent. You know, I don't think there are much to be sort of judges on there. You know, I'm even more divided in terms of. But, you know, hopefully I'm not, I mean, go on, get in, but it doesn't matter because they have to reach the right point. He's definitely confirmed in the center. All right. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Get to CNN. I think we're now starting to get those good calls. That was inside that truck and there. I can't stand it. They keep showing the guy name, writer truck. I'm gonna say it again. It looks just like a writer truck to me. But in a minute now, they're gonna talk to the driver. There's more radio station. It's listening to it. Yeah. And you know, something, I'm gonna give you 20 guesses as to what the driver is. Oh, sir. Yeah. Wouldn't that be something? He's got a gun with it. And he's got his passport and $10,000 in cash. And he knows why he's got a boy. Got that. Oh, my god. The writer truck. Let me say it again. If you wonder why the American public is his dumb as they are, look no further than your television set. You don't have to look any further. Just turn it on and stare into it for like five seconds or less. And that'll tell you right there. You'll be able to hear it. Yeah. Where we going here. Over and throw water down. Hello. Yeah. Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? I'm a good laugh with the fellow in the corner down there in Miami. Anyway, I wanted to ask you a couple questions. One about these carelessly boards, like in Miami, Great County and Palm Beach County, this Teresa LePour. I don't know much about these people. I heard some of that. You can say they're doing the live show. We can't lady of the carelessly. The water has been as high as the buy and the Republican party. I mean, aren't these the real people that need like we should be focusing on why to they stop this recount. Why are they? You know why in Palm Beach? So lady on the cameras in board killed Gordon you're talking about? Yeah, yeah. He's not a good public in season. No, she could she could definitely have a lunch. He and then they had a they had some kind of a a little cut of insight into her. But her husband is a Republican. I up in the Republican party. And they said that they said that, you know, he could have been a conflict of interest for her to vote in favor of that recount. And you know, I just you know, a lot of the expected one on. I think in the past couple of weeks was these carelessly boards had such an important role. And I don't know very much about these people that's recently pulled up in Palm Beach County. You know, she does not even know this ballot. And then she said a standard for counting the ballots that almost like justified her mistake. Like only that she had for last year. Really had to under ballots that were, you know, that were not, you know, read properly. So I was a little bit concerned about that. And wondering who counts the ballots if they're going to get recounted? Some judges up in power half a her who appoints them? I'm not a big big big bringing what they call a special master, which is just some who they don't know who that is. I don't know. I guess the judge is really saying I have no idea who this will call that or what they say. Huh? I've been called that in a couple of cases. Yeah. Or they can bring in the judge himself. But if it were just going to have like a 3900 from Palm Beach at the were asking, there was a chance the judge was going to count those himself. But of course, it all depends on if he does decide to go ahead and count if they're going to count all of them, which how they're going to do that. They have to bring in people that call special masters. What does he know? I mean, there's no way of that information. It's been no that he's been about that lady in Miami. I wish they'd call in because that was kind of interesting. Lady in Miami at the one in Palm Beach, you talk about that. Both of them, both of them actually, but one of them in Miami, what they wanted in Miami, we've got my curiosity. Who was that? Who did you? Oh, David Lee, you that lady in Miami. Okay. I'm ready to you are specified. You know, David Lee, he didn't ask. Oh, yeah. Nice growing David, you pup. And let me say it again. If words were all a starting and stopping and stopping and starting and parking around and delaying and arguing, the voice could have been counted as 50 times already. And if Bush were to one, he'd be on his way to San Jose if somebody showed them where it was and will be all over with. And we could go on to get back to the soap operas and life would be a fine. Or it's grown with a run whatever. And look at this. Who asked for these valves to be brought up there. So they're all looking at his disposal. You know, I don't know which is making me weaker. Last night at the hockey game when they went, they put the pictures up there. And the crowd was booing, go and shearing for Bush like was a movie star. Or watching this goddamn freaking stupid ass rider truck. But really it's been pretty exciting. Howdy ballads on the road. Oh, oh, oh, oh. Look at that. They got the close up. And you know what, it's almost like a rider truck. Have you ever seen a rider truck that looks any different from that? And in some maybe a little schmutzier than that. And it looks just like your every day we know it, the destiny and rider truck. Like maybe I don't want to ever have a recede. This one has these start contained for a down ramp or df use a dock. Or the dock's on there. Just in case this driver has that. Yeah, little odds of that. Some good. Wonderful. They're going to stop like it. You think it would be stopping at the turn-pike 12-planned the food plazin? Probably. Yeah. We'll do it together. Maybe we'll get some of those mother-hubbered little. Some of those, this is field of cookies. By my, that was your costel. Just needs what I mean. I just probably mentioned that. Just in case you couldn't tell your flavor. How are you going to get the food or is by noon if you're parking a lawn by us back there? Did we run around and Dick and I just like Pat Quinn about this maple leaves. You said they like to dick around. And that's what you're doing back there. He's dicking around. And the meantime, he should be, you better get your rider truck Mr. Get on the way to Los San Jose right now. Look, and they're still on the guy damn turn-pike. They still keep showing it. I got news for you. If they were going to pay me $50,000 a minute, I wouldn't let CNN in my name on this show. Oh, now we want in there. We want to, yeah. You are wanting to hear what these people have to say, believe me. I don't want to hear it. I'm getting paid for it, but I don't want to hear it. 21 before noon at five, 60 WDQ and hey, when a free career that's right, it's true. Fast train is going to be given away a complete Microsoft two-defined systems engineer program. The winner will receive the complete Microsoft Education Tracks, all of the same even job placement. To register, go to www.fasttrained.net. Depending on your qualification, this contest could prove a 250 grade in your pocket during the next five years. Fast train is software is top-preview and networking education setter. They can provide you the train to become a Microsoft certified systems engineer. The average NCSC is earning 675 a year and that's a host making 20 more than that. Fast train offers you convenient day, evening and weekend classes, so we'll just think computer training, think fast train with convenient offices both in date and borrowed counties. Change your life right now. Good to information is absolutely more obligation. Call 877-98 train. You can call them right now as I speak. 877-98 train or just take a look at their website, www.fasttrained.net. This is 560. You may have. I was born to a man who is a pizza shop. I was born to a younger pizza shop. Who was born to a younger pizza shop? He's a junior in the pizza shop. He's a rich, well-prepared, better-prepared, junkie. But he couldn't do one or I can't pay for him. He's so good. Well, the first couple people go one up, it's so confusing with the fact that we can't find you that she is just a parent. We're looking all over and it's still in here. Hey, Trudgy junior, where's your last cheat? So are you a pizza shop by now that you're a rich college kid, a pumpkin party, a pumpkin party? Thank you for the attention of good, but I'll switch it to a cute, stupid hire a judge. Do you have some nice chat with the person? That's fun. First, Trudgy junior is a pizza shop. So it's first junior is a pizza shop. You have to apply to your own year in the pizza shop. So do you do your business with pizza shop? What's the matter? You're going to put your own year into pizza. So it's first junior is a pizza shop. So it's first junior is a pizza shop. So it's your year in the pizza shop. Number 45, it's five, 50, and if you're not just money, give a little notice here. I don't want to sound like a bunch of boss, but all you askers that were the macaroon last night is the hockey game that we're cheering for George W and he put his picture up. He just dropped it at macaroon. Next time, I'm pull out crap and Peter Warwell is going to kick the crap on here. I guarantee he ain't no bush man. Fives only is Canadian, he ain't holding here anymore. But I guarantee he ain't no bush liquor. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Barlar Slime. You should basically do what his boss down to is they know they lost. And they will do anything in their power to prolong and stall and run out to clock and keep the votes from being counted. And just in case if they ever do get counted, they want to make it a move point. So the legislature can get together and say, oh, well that's been for dimples and dimples and pimples. And it's all about the baloney and he just wants to keep counting until he gets there. So we're just going to give the 25 elected to the W here. And Javel put his nice signature on here and Catherine will be the ambassador and everybody will have a big smile on their post. The state of Florida, the Republican government of this state is stealing the presidential election in this state and of this country. Right before you rise and new people are sitting back to go out. Yeah. Just on the end and we're getting in bigment to fact that countries around the rest of the world are pulling a Russian calling us a banana with public. I think they got their thumb on the defy actually. Here's candle. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. New. Are you doing? Okay. I got it with everything you've been saying. It's 100% correct. And one quick one question I want to ask you. What about that? Well, there's our mayor. He's on a honeymoon with David Laney. This is unbelievable. This guy has not made a statement about anything. Yes. He has come out and made any declaration regarding whether or not you agree. Well, you understand why he don't want to offend those 75% of his countrymen that voted for Bush. He do understand that even though he's supposed to be a Democrat. Well, but this is, I mean, he disappeared when girl was campaigning down here in all vacations. And we have a few messages. He's busy sticking pins in his january no voodoo down. Unbelievable. Yeah. But they had said the watch them at our last night along with the guy who's the representative of the house. And he's got she has come last night. How can you override the people's vote? You're going to go back to your district and say, yes, we made the decision for you. But your vote's not correct. Right. It's unbelievable what they're trying to do and you've made a major statement before. I'm feeling the lecture report. I am broad daylight. I mean, I'm vote vote. The temple. I don't care what everybody is. And I don't even say it again. They just got through with every county in Texas for Republican candidates. There who was and every BIPLE ballot got counted. He's still lost. But every BIPLE ballot got counted. Well, and Texas, I think it would have to be torn to back. Yeah, that's you know, whatever. Whatever. It's better. It was talking about it. Yeah, that's true. Hey, Neil, thank you very much and keep it up. Okay. I'll see you on the plane. I'll see you at the airport, sweetheart. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60, and the fact this pearl that we're taking here today, which always amazes me. And these people are serious. This is a model of the old day. Just want to piss me off. They're serious. They'll pick it anyway. They can get it and the election too. They want it. We'll get a little talk about you. Or everybody else. No, they just wanted to. They want they stole a fair and square and they're going to get it. If this is what they have to do, we'll get it. Fine, let's do it. Let's let you go ahead and steal it. What's the job for this name, honey? Let me say it again. I got news for your jet. Still I don't care what these poor say. Jet Bush is as bad as a door nail politically. He is finished. He may have never been in Helsinki like I've been. But he's finished. Done. As Joey Reynolds would say, stick a fork in him. How's Joey doing? Let's get him on here. Just right after Barbara boxer. 5, 6, 7, 5. See, I don't know about you. But I'm just carrying it all the same because it's a predictable person. Mark Watson's name for Montana that we don't probably ride on one of those nameers because I didn't know it before all of those. Why should I know it now? Because it's going to be the new secretary. I don't care what he's going to be. He's an asshole. Yeah. He's the piece of crap. No, he's going to be the attorney general. Oh, sorry. Isn't there a colon, probably the secretary of the state? No, no. So he's going to be the secretary of defense and condolese. She's going to be condescending. Condolese with the token sparsion, the chigger and the ribpo. Who knows what they can. Well, he said he'd like to be one of course. Not to close. Maybe she gives W1. Here's a mobile at home stand. Hello. No. I don't know if anyone's mention this or not. But the three people in the chemistry board in the state county. One of them was a lady. A nice looking dark-yared woman who happened to be in North of Oxford, and she said she's going to be the secretary of the state county. And one of the reasons they refused the count was because she said she would not count on the status, which I guess begins at sundown Friday. Oh boy. It goes to sundown Saturday. And that's the fact Michael Lissacoff, I think he worked for a newsweek. On the time or something. He said that I want to be cable TV shows about two weeks ago. And it's kind of interesting. Whenever you hear one of them say something within a half hour, it's on all of them. But no one repeated that. And that is the fact. Isn't that pathetic? But now we've told you that even worked on Thanksgiving. They worked round the clock morning noon and night once they got going. They wrapped it up. They gave judge said, here's the total. It's all over here. And nobody's even talking about brownity. Because they got it done with almost a half a million votes. I think over half a million votes. But when it's the clock, maybe they comment about the lady being in North of Oxford. And he mentioned the fact about how ironic it was that Gore appeared to put Leave her men on the ticket to attract a certain odd type of woman. And here we had 2,000 Jews both for Patrick Cannon. We got North of Oxford and Dave County of school and modern the election. That was what that's just a cost. What did I tell you about those North of Oxford Jews? Beware. And he wears a evil mousosa. He had a great day. Thanks for the bad news. So that's the woman that I was talking. I wasn't here doing that period of time. And that part of it didn't make it on CNN International or domestic or anything else. I used to call it. I was still, well, I mean, I, I, I, I, and not that I was sitting in the apartment around the clock watching CNN. I hope you do understand that. Because we've watched a lot of music videos. And there were a few minutes every now and then, I was out of the apartment. Yeah. Of lifting out a little steam like a plague. I'll come on green the keys over someday. Just fight a lot of the door. We don't want to see you, but just being the keys. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, con, 5, 60, and do not call, please. On the AT&T and Proign for Marlos line. We're going to be talking about the Dianne fine sign. Next up, we're going to have to have former Senator George from Governor on the Earth, losing presidential candidate in 1972. We're going to be talking to the former President Jimmy Carter, and then we're going to be having Dick Cheney, or some other Dickens going to be on in the run to two hours. It's going to be great. We have a lot of talking, it's going to be an all same crap that you've been hearing, and over and over and over again until you just want to peek your guts out, until if you ever see them again it'll be too soon. Here's Fort Myers, huh? Yes, sir. You know what, two things I want to talk about. Okay. The process is going on now. I think it's, I think it's enough time for everything to go. And it's in a Supreme Court now, which is going to, I think, be protection against the Florida legislature. But I'll, you mentioned Bill Pash, did you see press and took her car off from? Yeah, but that is the worst show in history mankind. You're a press, but he gets on that show. What are they called? There's one in the clock. I forgot to tell you. Yeah, the spin room. Yeah, the spin is way into a closed writer or something. Get out of our face. He becomes a real pussy on that show. He doesn't stand up for anything at all. He just really loves the other that that fascists will have both high one right over. Well, I forgot to, you know, that's fine. He's kind of weird. Look, he's kind of like a George will, uh, younger George will with no credentials, but a smile on his face. We'll take a call from here. Yeah. And George will, you this may shock you, but right to calm that's in the one of the papers this morning. George W is the choice of the people. And of course, you know that he would say that, but they just found the headline so bizarre because first of all he lost the popular won by a third of a million votes. He's still behind the intellectual vote until they figure out what's happening here. And yet somehow George will, we would tell him to figure out that George W, he's the choice to be American public. That's weird because I saw George will, uh, month a two or three weeks before the election, stating just how bogus bush was. Yeah. Actually, on that mooring program, I find hard to believe he must have been off his feed that day. Well, I don't know what bush it does to me. Maybe it comes to one again there. We can't do something made in the end. Yeah. But anyway, Dr. Carlson said something, I couldn't believe press and follow. Each compared this Republican seed on that election office in Miami, Dave, with the American colonial Patriots Boston Tea Party. Did you hear that? No. He did. I find that incredibly. That's the way they look at things. I think you're more likely to find those right where you're using tea room and the tea party. Yeah. All right. Have a good day. I think it's good to come out after the end of the year. I don't think so. Be sure to be over. Yeah. Life will go on. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Don't you think you're fine. Some of the petite answers. I like that one. It was in the X-Gay guy that was in that bar. Why would we want to talk about that? Because it's embarrassing, you know. Because they're all running around pretending to be something that they're not. Straight. They're going to have to go to the team, and we'll realize I'm on the phone. Let's figure out what to do to do it. No. Makeers believe they need to do. Instead of the talk of the campaign is on two directions. First, the legal battle that's underway in Florida. That's really the. Well, here's a great fact. Stop telling us there's nothing we can do. You need to figure out what can be done and talk about it. Everything you've been saying has been true. And we're going to more substance through the observation. The people who support the Democrats don't know what they can do. What can I do? What can I do? Be a man. Spive them in a face. Eddie and Pembroke finds. We're going to slap you in the face that he. Be a man. That's what you can do. Like Al Martino. And then when you're final horses head into it, it's WDH's bed. That'll change his tune and hurry. It's in. We don't have the organization to be. We've been. We've been. We've been. Like the moment. We've been. Well, what's writing a letter is important. What is that going to accomplish? Is that going to influence the court law? No. It's just continuing to announce injustice without any recourse of memories. You have any questions? Okay. They're just talking about what that makes you happy? Okay. Let's talk about the hockey games last night. About the least longer five, nothing leave the third period. About the panther sticking to the joint out. And leave them forever kid defenseless. I mean, I don't need to talk about this. I don't have some compelling driving needs. Although I will continue to do so. But I don't have any answers. I'm not going to see you in a lie and pretend to be something like Mike Sugo. Be some jackass on the radio or the microphone. We've got the answers to our problems. I don't know. I've explored on lessons and tech news. Any of you. You've already these people on television. They still are debating. A few years later. About this thing about the legislature and the US Supreme Court. And who's got the last last and who's got the upper hand and the servant. So on. So why so we all just sit back to the Russian clearance promise. So a lot of a big fat one in the last. That's my. That's my best suggestion. And it's the best I can do. This is five fifty. Two a.l. Work for the five sixty. Now the two a.l. by heavy for Motherland. A measly blood. Who could they jam? W 2 a m dot com. A water. You're a bastard. Our debt is on the run. America. A power stolen every 12 seconds. What can you do to protect your car? Excessive car alarms. System work to touch your car from being stolen. The plug will protect the dollar bills inside your car. That a big black guy named Ben Chan. You'd work from the car of Mother. For less than you pay for the expensive car alarm system. And even less than you pay for the club. You can get a big black guy named Ben to protect your automobile. You'd work from the car of a. It's simple to use. Just leave the big black guy named Ben in your car whenever you get out. And he does the rest. Whenever anyone gets within six feet of your car Ben simply gets out of the car. And sells them. You'd work from the car mother. Listen to these testimonials from people who use to take black guy named Ben. It's very nice to have someone to ride with. Although it really doesn't say much. You'd work from the car mother. That's not it. I didn't get a big black guy named Ben to chat with. It got into protect my car. It's a best investment I've ever made. My name is it isn't I create. There's been a lot of cars left. I can't tell you how many times I chose to work from the car mother. Knowing that I've got a big black guy named Ben. It's been my car. Let's meet sleep better at home. Go now. 1-800-1 big guy. That's 1-800-1-D-I-G-G-U-I. And instead of hearing this. You're here at this. You'd work from the car mother. Oh there you go. For the legislators you approve special sessions. Like I told you, it done deal too. They're going to be having a special session there. Getting ready to put them all the other pieces of the president in the right place so they can coordinate their W. And the jet can sign off on and say, See I'm pretty. What were you worried about? 5-6-705-60-5-60 on the 18-T and Verizon Wireless Line. Got three other two votes in our pool already. Finally, some of the people are beginning to understand. The Internet. Settled people began to realize what this is all about. They're counting on the courts. They think that these various lawsuits can lead on county and the photos to be in court. And the US have been good. They think that's what the deal is going to be. But the fact is that the photo legislature is standing by just in case they're needed and probably they will be to make sure that they're going to be driving the Gitaway car. Not thinking not to want to receive in a fairly five minutes there. They got the invited truck on the turnpike. They got to be driving the Gitaway car with the keys to the kingdom. 2-Boss. You support the photo legislature's plan to appoint 25 electors for George W. Bush. 210 say, oh, and 92 say, 70% to 30%. So embarrassing number of people out there who are willing to just overtake. Just take away all the rights from over six million photo voters and say, OK, all you legislators you would probably like to say to you, put W because that's what we want. A photo of this audience. That's enough to make you want to pitch your guts out. Here's Beck and hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Two points. You look at George W on television and you say, this is a guy who would turn around and face down somebody like Crusher. I think I think I don't even know who Crusher has one. I don't know. I mean, really a strong image. But the other reason why people wrote for Bush, I think that Republicans came out with the best one. We know he's stupid, but he smarter enough to surround himself with intelligence men. Right. And that is the biggest oxy moron. Yeah. And oxy. Yes, moron. That's his coming in the office. OK, good luck to us, pal. I can make it. OK, maybe Crusher will make it come back. Thank you. Come and back. No. What we still got that shoe to part on the table. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound by another piece. Use on the other foot. Let's come up with all the good Crusher. OK, everybody loves a good Crusher. Let's go to the legislative committee. Both so the special session is sufficient. If they decide to have to pass the statute, the hassle, I bill, amending the current law, I'm selecting electors. There would be in the former bill that would go to the governor. The governor could let it become law without his signature. That'll take seven days. You already said we're starting to end over. He already said he was going to sign it. If somebody did the car, we'll see it in legal, English, the Everybody said he's going to sign it. You better start watching MSNBC or some real news network David because you're like way in the behind of the times. He already said it all sign up. Where the hell is it? Give me my pen. Some of you are assuming where it is. Here's the moment for a waterdale. Hello. Yes sir. Yeah, hi Neil. I'm going to appear for a number of years. I want to mention something that I think might be overlooked. In the county, why after the election was over, there was numerous top shows where people were calling in and say that the Cubans and the precincts that they were voting at were voting on their drivers license only. Okay. In Brown County, while I voted, I had to show my voters registration card. So I ended up like, show I do before I got about ballot. Okay. Now, do the ballot and date county match the blips that were signed. You got 600,000 votes on ballot. It's interesting that there are many precincts where blacks, whether or not were the right people voting with only their drivers license but blacks were turned away. Who only had drivers license in the name of the name of the voter rules. They were starting to weigh one out of all the vote. I just mentioned that. Exactly. That's that happened in the day county. Okay. And if the book numbers are 500 to 50,000 and you got 600,000 votes, there's a Cuban in the woodbuff. But you forgot about the 50,000 dead people. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. voted for others in day county. That's the reason why that the judge up there in Calaisy as these ballots on a wider truck from day county and also a Palm Beach County. So they can walk them up do whatever they want to do and all of a sudden there's no voter fraud in proud, I mean in date or Palm Beach County. I was just thinking, I guess there was in on a two is that what you're saying? I don't think so. Oh big time. Good songs. Big time. Why don't you want more than she said that? Because. Okay. 5605, 60, 2560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless. I like church solst. In fact, I think he's right. I think we ought to count to or slap happy. Here's a lady mother and book. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. Hi. Love your show. I'll make this click. I won't repeat all my upgrades. Everybody's already said it. I work in a major department store at Calaisyanna and I urge everyone. I mean, I ask everyone and I think I found like two people that voted for first. I mean, they wanted to be very bright. And they said, Jeb was first choice. You know, but they wrote with George because Jeb didn't get the governor's race. Yaddy Yad of whatever that they're surrounding by smart people and so forth. Anyway, but my main point is we wear ribbon for everything, right? I wear a tear crop store. But a little of a certain flag. I trimmed off red and white stripes with the blue part with the sides. And I twisted it. And I'm wearing it on my uniform at work. I will wear that. I'll go as president for 30 years. Well, we have to put that with me this way. Okay. Well, don't push it too hard. And I urge everybody to go where I would like to go. I'll ribbon. Okay. I'm calling Tony Orlando before I get off the air. Okay. Thanks. Bye. Bye. Hey, don't forget. I want to stay with Tony at his sister. They ought to control it in down the hallway. I'm cranking up that music blasting to the walls are shaking here. Hey, the kids are in school. You ask those. Nobody wants to hear that crap. They're just pumping it in the walls are vibrating in this place. They don't forget. Joe Costell is all alone down there at the QA in Van Corner Pines in the University in Pembroke and he's parking lots of not all two of his there. You're chance to get the best of your teachers and CDs in cassette and those nifty key chains, which is us on 100 left. You're both back in the desert, which you'll be real proud to have both. So get with it. I think I'll crank the music. Because I'm sure that our program director's out for lunch by now. I mean, when the little hand hits the big hand at noon, that's two hours he's gone. Trust me when I tell you. He is gone. You can bet your life on that. So no call. I'm coming on him to go running down the hall because at least we'll be something constructive you could do. And I'm gonna happen. Hey, shut the music down there. You asshole. Nine minutes past no in the five 60 WC. The Neil Roger show. Sports radio, five 60. Two. Hey. I wouldn't believe a word. Neil said it without one was no blind. Neil added. I don't know if you remember me. But I would the guy was how you said I'm fire last year. Done I miss you. Even though you walk like a car on my hair off, I miss you. But one quick question. Do you think you could let me know when you might let me out of this pit? So it's that you can eat once. I'm not complaining. Don't misunderstand me because I love you with all my heart. But it happens to see my mother. We never know why I'm not dead yet. Here are the things I want to do. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad guy. I'm not a bad boy. I'm not a bad guy. You look so poor. Who lost as hell? Who's that? And now I'm not a bad guy. You look so poor. Who's that guy? And now cucumber! And then cucumber! T i t t f .... You are a bad guy. You really see my mother. Come on. Come on. You're a bad guy. Everybody got lost. We Alexander translated the lyrics forplays old company. können the first time playing. Would you know i wasn't an artistic pop or talking with a guitarist? It turns out it's a character, I don't know. Boo! I don't think I should have filmed what I wanted to know. I even wanted strange keys. But I wanted toige that. that is the point of that day. I was so angry and it's very mental and so hell. I would never keep on somebody treated me so good and with all those women. He said, so old bad. I mean, let me out of the end. We have 15 to 5 60 WC on the market to take an 8 per 7.5 today man. I'm telling you, it is ugly. That's my anniversary gift for you. I'm not gonna very busy today for a mid-turth. That's my anniversary gift. That was down 206 in the next decade. It's down 160 to points 25 40 something. On the way down to 2,000. 25 43 to be exact. But here it's early money. I mean, why get excited about it because it's the Euro economy and the economy. We got all these assholes on their 1C and B.C while partners in crime. Co-conspirators and spreading all of this crap that doesn't make any sense. Having all kinds of worthless companies that have no earnings, etc. But this is a new economy. Right. Guess what? All that changed the mind wrong. It's the new economy. That's the new economy. That's like my good. 560560 pound 560 on the 18 and P and provides in wireless lines. 233 hosts which is half way to 666. 233 said that it also put the legislation doing their thing. 30% 100 people say, yeah, we like it. We'll take the stolen election. We like it that way. We're about to leave to the government. Here's Palm Beach, hello. Okay. My thing is about to reach the poor. To reach the poor is the one that voted against the simple power. And she didn't have done that. Then go over the one already. Do we know what the more the more the about 3000 dollars? Yeah. And the thing is to reach the poor, since she's a Democrat, but she was a registered Republican and what I believe is that she changed her party to be a Democrat two months before she was elected. And that's nothing that's never in the press. And I would like to know why the press never talks about that. I got news for a huge finish man. To be honest, should be on the right or right or the truck right behind the one that's on the way to tell her, I can see. Good. Good. Another thing is that like the press would talk more about Mark McCowny. The thing that's going on in Mark McCowny, about the 500. Yeah. Well, that's not he's been doing it. Just like Semero County. Well, they these actually go left the office. They left the supervisors office. And the Republican the operatives have got to win those what would them. I mean, this is there just so much illegal crap going on. And you can see how this was done. You know, a few hundred over here and the few thousand in Semero County. And they will get a few hundred down here and got to know so many thousand and days because they'll never figure that out. And that's how they did it. Well, thanks a lot for letting me talk. I appreciate it. Okay, I would like to ask. Well, hang on tight. Cross your fingers and your legs. Can never hurt to cross your legs. Yeah, Martin County, there are a few hundred absentee ballots for them. Submitted without complete information from voters who mail them in from a Republican party uh, mailings to register the Republican election supervisor, Peggy Robins in Martin County, let County Republican officials take home the official ballot applications, fill them in missing information and return them. She says he didn't think of staff, either than he wanted anything in copper. I learned in the GOP complete the applications in the least before the election. She told us still what news on too, that the only applications and Republicans were allowed to complete for the ones the party had provided its members. Under state law, it is illegal to buy ourselves in people. So it's illegal to mark somebody else's absentee ballot. It's also illegal to ask for an absentee ballot if you're not the voter or a member of the voters in immediate family. Then the credit reader said, when's it or the more troubled by the GOP actions in Martin County than anywhere because the ballot left the election supervisor's office. We're very concerned about those ones those ballot. This isn't just the applications, these are the ballots. Once those ballot forms get into the supervisor's office, nobody should be allowed to touch them or take them out. But they took them out. I guess they are not a little bit, you know, maybe let the win blow some of those chaired who has open, a little bit. It's smell so bad and I know if you're for abortion, you wanted to take it fine, that's okay. I mean you stole the fair and square, but don't lie to us. I mean we know that you're stolen and you know it's the way it's always trying to turn it around. All of the bill people are trying to steal the election will be reach out. No, grow and they're not trying to steal us. They're trying to get it back. Because anybody with a brain knows that he won. He won the pocket of votes. He sure won. He should have won your electoral cards and he won the election. But guess what? I'm in Florida. We don't think so. Are they acceptable? Yeah, that's right. It's absolutely unacceptable. But you can't win. We're not going to allow it. Because we've been planning for this too long. Just like Cassius said, you spilled all my plans. Remember that? I mean, you can you get me off the hook? Tommy? Sorry, sorry, let's hand do it. Here's open park. Hello. Oh, you don't know. Okay. I sure showed through a lay on two points at the make. It the shoe's on the other foot. Would you be arguing for Gore? If the shoe was on the other foot, would I be arguing for Gore? What are you saying? Meaning it's got Gore was ahead by these 500 votes and Bush was protesting the election and going through all these legal challenges and all this crap. Hundreds under the same circumstances. Thanks. Then make it on the E-revered check-as. 560, 750, 560, pound 560 on the 1810, Verizon, or other slump. See anybody who doesn't agree with you is an asshole. That's obvious. And all the other follow these things. You're the one that sounds like an asshole to maintain power because your vocabulary is extremely limited. You notice that the fact he couldn't even ask the question properly, didn't make any sense. Here's a moment in Miami. Hello. Hello. Mobile in Miami. Hello? Yes, sir. Yeah. Grom says he wants to recount all the votes. Yeah, he's only asking courts to count three counties. Wrong. And he's wrong. Wrong. He offered to have the whole state recounted if the Bush people wanted to go along with the even though even though the law preclude them from doing that, he offered to wave that. And there he goes. Well, you disagree? Oh, that's right. I disagree with it. And I had my he has no point. I'm sorry I confused you with the fact. Sorry it confused you with the fact, sir. It's it's it's been a pleasure. These last couple months. Fucker all these Bush people because they make some extent. Yeah, they really understand it. Those confused them in the fact. And let me say it again. If it's Bush, we need one. What would have been the problem with counting all the votes again? And all the counties that had the paper ballots, the punch card ballots, what was in the problem? They could have done the machine recounts again in no time at all or all those counties. And the 20 or 30 or whatever. I think it's 38 counties that have to be a paper ballots. They could have recounted every single one of them. Because the idea is I thought the idea was to get it right. And how come if this is all wrong, how come the Republicans were asking for a recount in the Mexico again? See, when it's simple, Chad's in Texas, then the Republicans want those candidates to prove them. If it's a recounted in the Mexico where they think they might be able to get those five electoral votes, then they want to recount if it might work for them. But if he were to turn and flow it up, let's do everything the stall and so on and not recount because then we can let the clock run out. Here's Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Yes, I'm good afternoon. Okay, it's a it's a division to all the Democrats. Okay, so go back and a banana boat and get on to here. Five six seven five sixty, five sixty on the 18 T and Verizon Wireless line. How to town line is open for the entire World Tour Free. 87 seven seven seven eight five sixty three forty five. You are a British people better shape up. I'm going to have a box of on this for him half an hour. And then you're going to be sorry. He's going to really give you a full. She's going to kick you that bitch. Here's like words. Hello. Hey. Finally. How you doing? Okay. I just wanted to give another fact to these people who have been to push people. Yes, today on I don't know if I remember who had program with either hardball or CNN who cares. But anyway, Senator Watson and Marshall was gone there with the new minority leader of the state legislature. And she read it from the Constitution that is in legal one of the votes has been certified that you can go out and get new electoral. You can't do it. And you know, let it you know, we're doing electoral. You know, like they want to do the electoral power. You know, for the twenty the twenty five that they want to do. Yeah. Yeah. You cannot do it. And she read it to everybody on the air. And he says, Oh, no, we can I was reaching over over all the rule back. This is what he said. And she read it on the air. But it doesn't make any sense to me because if you're going to go by if this vote that she certified is the both that's going to be accepted is a mood point because Bush still wouldn't say it either way. Yeah. I understand that. But the thing is she says you cannot go and just, you know, you like 25 more just because you want to. And she read it. You know, she read it on the air. And then he had no come back for it. Yeah. But let me decide to one of the things. You know, that product that you were taking at matron. Yeah. You have the number. Your sales department never called me back. Of course not. I got it. I appreciate it. Okay. In fact, you know something I'm ready to mention is because I need some too. No, I see ourselves the Department of it's not on the air. Some of the data. I've been waiting three weeks for them to call me back. Oh, they're not going to call you back. The impact I has I've been back here for three days on the air. I had a couple of my seen most of the salespeople have even stuck their face in here. 1 800 992 32 23 23. Okay. And red you mentioned that because when I got back on vacation with all the stuff that I've been having I look for. I found a had some and they're long gone. I'm finished with them. So I can go back. Let me go that thing. What does it do? It's just I mean I can't explain them to medically, but it helps the symptoms go away. Whatever you IBS problem. Okay. So it's like a miracle. At least it works for me. Okay. Thank you very much. But I just want to say one more thing please folks, listen to what this man and the lady on the other channel and probably you're saying because they are correct. Okay. Thank you. What's that lady saying? I guess you saw him about Boba Boxer. 5670560 Randy that's the goddess. Remember Randy? You remember her? No, come on. Give her a chance. I guarantee she's going to be dead zero that they until hand on this. 26 past noon at 560 W2M. And beat that dear me. So, anyway, you work on having a jet. Let's build the volume. And the band all in your head. Thank you to the right fingers. So, you select your favorite friend. And now the last favorite thing you're hot to do. So, you select your favorite friend. So, all these are smaller guys. Try to pick the five for there. Feel your head around your head. You're not so whole selection of the... Feel your head around your head. You're not so whole selection of the... What are yourself when you're too fast? And drop your head into the sky. Feel your head around your head. Try to put it in the street. Go drive. Go for that. Hey, do one three. Comforty water, five, six, these are the two. Are you serious what you just told me? Is that a joke? Your counsel is an actuary in vain. Ways in money for a time period of campaign. You know, it's interesting at the other station. I want to mention WI. But every time we did our fundraiser, remember to try to support, or we support and support that we got from inside and the salespeople rolling up in the management and the company itself. $1,000 here and a $1,000 there and $500 here. Here are a few of them. It's kind of like a winner vacuum. We've got a couple of people inside of help yourself like Dough. Who else? Peter Leonard, I think. Mark, what's there? Mark, what's there? Mark, what's there? Anybody else? No. So I believe that bring that up is because we got 120 bucks so that's those collected so far for a campaign and who'd fund Razor for the best and he'll stop. And Greg Reach got by and gave him a dollar. I was then on 10th of the humorous, to show us how two fears which we already know. What was the appointed that? Have we got the check-in red weed for plan here and play our air and air hood? No. From the B's we people? No. She's looking at those things like your tomorrow's the first of December. And we'll be lucky to make it to 100 grand. I'm going to be pretty goddamn embarrassed because we didn't even know it wasn't bad enough that they've sabotaged this ranch. You've got to have them all day. Goal tournament and then lied about it through their teeth. All of them including our general manager. That wasn't bad enough. That wasn't embarrassing. That's the kind of assistance they give to us. I mean, like Ray Perry winning was up here the other day. Did he give us a check-in for plan here? No. I even remember his name today and he still didn't recognize a check. I'm pretty glad they're embarrassed about a lot of these people. Some of these people told them about some very big bucks. But you know, once they... it's kind of like everything else we do here. We're in a vacuum. We get some sound from Hank because at least Hank is sharp enough to understand that there's they can't end the 6pm. That's the heart of the radio station. That's it. We're here. He understands that. He's been great. But other than that, it's kind of like everything we do is in a vacuum. So thanks for the dollar Greg. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So that's it. You've actually been sent of you people out there because we got you to a cheap general manager at this radio station whose wife's father invented the, look current. Yeah, that's right. Longest shoshka though. There are money. They got like when they open up the water faucet in their house, money comes out. Not water, money comes out. And you can just use a dollar. So put your car store or sit there all by his own. Some of the QN van, corner of Pines, a new university in Pember, Pines, and the Hudders parking lot for another hour and a half, until 2 o'clock with all our best in the list of the t-shirts, the CDs, the cassette, and there's nothing once in a lifetime. He changed. So let's get our $1000 there. They're very loose between now and 2. We can do it. Although we're not going to do it if people keep coming by and moving a dollar. Like our cheap general manager. I'd be embarrassed to do it for no people to show up every week. Yeah, we have a thousand people coming by and leave a bucket of pizza. It's fine. So we're going to give you anything for it. Oh, no. We're just going to make a small trip. I'll take your hand. Here's Miami. Hello. Oh, yes sir. I'm going to make a quick trip back from there. It's a point to want to make. Did you see the glory of the U.S. line? That's not positive. You see what I really asked them to go in about the, she made a statement that there's 1 million, 200,000 votes across the country. That were not counted. They were rejected for one reason or another. Yeah. She asked the question, I'm coming there. He wasn't looking to have those. Regretted. The second point I'm making. Yeah, it was his answer. He didn't have a viable answer for it. I was a normal person. I was just interested in the four of those. That's the one that matters. There was too much other burden for the rest of the country. Why were you saying it's really an invalid question? Because if those votes were in states where they might make a difference, you can be then sure that the Bush people would have demanded a week on like an Iowa. You know, as well as I do that they had the information that the word and that votes have been granted. And that's why they didn't have a recap. And the proof that that isn't in Mexico, but they would do it a week. The other point is that the other countries evenly split. It's a deadee that's a deadee that's a deadee. Right. Right on a note is the ad to crack the energy. The water point I want to make is that a lot of people did it, though. It can take those. There's 175 million people. Of course, watermarkers are in the amount of people. About 50% of the voters said this time. I'm not sure what to do. I was 200. Some of the million people would go for a quarter. And 200 million people would go for a Bush. I mean, either way, they're not served either way. So the people are going to jump out of the window because either Porsche or Porsche or Porsche is going to be president. Well, that's what I said before today. I mean, before the election there was really very little enthusiasm. And the people were look on about both candidates, including me, which is easy to understand. And now that it's over because anybody loves a good fight, you know. Now everybody's looked up into a friend. I was coming out of the work. Right. That's right. And that's the best. That's the amount of 2.0. Well, you have to understand because the media is making it in a big deal. That's why people get emotional. This, like with Ali on, it didn't make up a pilot crafts difference to 99 and 9% percent of the people in this country, but everybody got ripped up about it. Because the media told us that we had to. That's correct. Okay. Have a great day. Good point. Right on target tech. Right there. Let me tell you. All getting with the bomb city. Did you see me getting upset? Oh, not a guy dead. Oh, I'm not upset just because they stole a free catalog. Oh, I don't give a flying catchers because Greg Reid came by with a dollar. Man, this man has no shame whatsoever that caught absolutely none. 5605.6605.660. We already knew that. Anybody move up here on the third floor yet? Oh, that was premature to get this. Oh, this is the one they admittedly built a real trade center. The Empire State Building, the Chrysler Building, the Sears Tower, all of them put together in last time that it's taken them to get the construction project here in this building. Not that it affects us. I don't really give a crap. I just mentioned it in passing father per another. Just to show you what a cheap bunch of incompetent scumbags they are. And her stock is really doing it, baby. So today, eight in the Nathan, the way the market is going to surprise me. If it goes to the day like, I don't even want to say the number. Here's Margie, hello. You have to admit, sir. Yes, sir. I want to bring up this name again to Rachel LePore. She's getting a free ride. I was listening, and I heard one of your colleagues, who mentioned the fact that she was also against a dimple balance. Yeah. She was the one who was responsible for that balance law. Yes, about being screwed up. And she was part of the deal that took over for Thanksgiving, and decided not to vote on Thanksgiving. And I've spoken to a couple of other 12 show, I was regarding this woman, and they're getting her a free ride. All night, there's nothing wrong with us. You just made a mistake. You know, you just can be full, what can be done? And this is my feeling. You have to concentrate your efforts in one area. And I believe that if you went after this woman, and we put the heat on her, something like this. Put the heat on her for what? Because I think she should have been with it. Put her feet to the fire and fire. Okay, great. Well, I'll be glad to do it. Put a feet right to the fire. And stick to Catherine Harrison as a personal too, the secretary of Bush. Oh, you'd love to. I'm going to say this, fact. You'd love to. One of your angler's results there. So, keep up the good work with taking your list. You too, thought, paid immediate high-piggy sensation, loads of them in the industry. You'd then again, a pays you a nice check. And it goes on about all these policies according to this guy. Like the Middle East and about the Zionism. George looking for him as it says, I'll always buzz your name with a G. I'm not even going to show it to his secretary, she's chasing. Oh, crap. Because I, say I don't have time to waste in my life for things like the Middle East. I have no time to waste for that. It's just a bunch of crazy people. I want a bunch of crazy people. I can say right here in Taka-Bee's folks. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. Oh, there's your property at the Hutchinson. I just don't remember that. For the beginning of everybody. Oh, yeah, yeah. You can't. Let it get off my screen. You redneck Yahoo, you. You know, well, after the break, we don't let me forget. I want to talk about the states that you were to Bush won in the election. That's just like when you were a general. I realized you do win a lot more states. But take a look at where you won and where you go. And when you got a lot of people on Twitter, you said the country's divided 50, 50 right on the middle. Pick a look and see what we're talking about. Anyway, did I say it's 1231, why was wrong? It's 1239, it's 560, W2M. The Neil Rogers show, you've sports radio. 560, you've a half. We now take you inside the governor's mentioned in Tawa Hancy Florida, where governor, Jeb Bush, is seeing how things are progressing in the Bush counting. 777. You have Mar影 looking. And partially Emordeaning records amounts of data. And the Challenge Galaxy. First let go of everybody. 88. woo, I hear it's going to 85 about the way. 86. manicina Soul Platefront. NV美味 VC to be 2,417 2,418 419 I was going in, oh my man, it's the check it in I don't want to be involved Hey, I want to send you a birthday card for Are you still at 4,000? Well, maple rain 4,013 4,000 4,5 4,5 12,415 6,215 2,5 5,5 2,5 2,5 2,5 2,5 2,5 2,5 4,5 4,5 4,5 5,5 5,5 4,5 5,5 4,5 4,5 5,5 5,5 6,5 5,5 5,5 5,5 5,5 truck and I want to make sure it's the one you know they should have put some markings on it because especially with a way to selection is gone you have to be crazy to trust our government especially in this state so they should have put us in magic markings on it so we know that when the cameras are showing us you know that it's the real thing just like that for the dealers in the deserts there in the Nevada Arizona they said there was men on the moon and nobody believe that we know that's a bunch of crap we want to see the rider truck and we want to see it now here's Miami hello you said you but I'm looking you know in a birthday first those people money to be promised for both two and three times remember yeah before you let's see yeah well go ahead and go on enjoy your day with Mad Roger K Jackass five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighties it's always the right to seven oh yeah you got a great show but Aaron assholes unlike that oh let's go a little more coated than that you may have a good point so at five sixty up a then yeah and Joe has the bread group dollar on the strike so that people can come by and see it good but the road on it put his name on it put that little squiggle on that he put side with him because he's got that deep seed and he's already complex but that squiggle on it too it's crinkle one of the older models not the new arm sure that cover gathering probably months came out when you open up all of that they look good contrast I want saying about when we're because it's a random wish really but I'll say tomorrow good contrast to see who's got more marching awards liberal Greg Reed of course you know grimace father didn't invent the of no current or father and law five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teeth and for lines and wireless lines here's a call for Miami must be tested on the other townline hello hello must be so this did not even have anymore here's a mother on sunrise hello hey yeah yeah I want to say something that I heard this clown now that he has a boy I'd say he's a very young he has the large which one is that well I didn't know who he was so I can talk about it for him yeah on the same span this morning he's a he's in the far away just later yeah I was thinking I'm ready to my own business before the election and you know they had gone nuts about how we ought to get in all of these bubble up for you yeah and then then he tells you a human audience that to be where you have got the elected because you know what happened to the Japanese Americans and well that too yeah so you know on a few scaring these old cubans that they're gonna be rounded up and putting camp and let me see again isn't I want to get the very highly anti immigration republican party other one so heavily embraced by the green tip cuban that you're talking about it just the battles my mind yeah I'm not about this they're got the channing of ultra-channel of supper you know like like the an algae that probably is the 50 a dollar in the coast machine and the spit-ed out twice is that so that means it's not dollar anymore you know I'm gonna have to try to spin your twice five six seven five sixty upon five sixty on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines here's a moment in Stuart hello hi yeah yes sir you know before you made a statement it said something about the you wondered why the electors would be elected by legislature what the ever said it would make since the social left is anyway the idea I think is the belief the clock is running out and the belief that if all this counting of votes and court things are not settled then they would regardless of what the certified have new electors for Bush and I'm got the other would just go by the board oh yeah yeah I'm not the part of the other court court suits have been settled by let's say December 11 that it's the last minute the Republican party would come in and fall some obligation so that there would be something still kind of in court which would justify legislature pointing to electors I agree with you 100 percent yeah but the other point that I can understand because I do really believe as much as I hate it that the clock is running out of all these three cameras that's what I know understand it's why it's the five orders like the guy boys have read it for now or whoever why didn't they go after the ballot for a revote 20 days ago if they had really gone after that the better for a ballot yeah well yeah that's my opinion to I do but the so-called the electors said that they they felt all along if there's a very very unlikely chance that there was a biggest long shot and that they had a better chance by actually counting the votes and establishing a lead as opposed to trying for a revote which they think is a very very scanned chance that that might happen all right if they had some some private party is still doing that and right I don't think it was the heck of a chance it might have been and go on later however the sick during the campaign just about what made over a board of four I'm with the area I'm saying and I think this is another real big mistake I sure help them a lot didn't it yeah I really know that they I'm a great day for them just like it helped you a little bit not talking to chatting down there or he might as a great like the guy said yesterday oh god you just don't know where your votes are and I also think you're home the most pissed off at the democratic party because for so many years now they've let us down those of us who are to the rest of the tiller barn they've let us down with the Jimmy Carter's of the world in the water monday also the Michael Dupaccus is in the Algoers in the doly women with the most melee mouth week week week candidate it's almost like saying here you go here it is on a silver platter take it it's all yours and they still are you have to steal it the democratic party you guys suck and all you black folks out there you especially they pissed off the democratic because they're the ones that they only the buffer they made you a lot of promises most of which they haven't fulfilled most of which they've let you down on but they're the only hope that you got just like all the other minor division this country and they still can't forget it right they keep taking the way you heard of the best in the brightest we've got the dumbest in the weakest that's what we have running against each other between bush and gourd between the two of them they got the personality of a used right bulb very just tragic and anybody out there who tells me the difference is you ask me by one of these candidates where you were you really ought to go into hiring somewhere to the brain transplant here's Holly would hello yes he's only the darkest of the dark that's the worry about that because the fair skin darkies there candidates have the colonel is going to save that they have you forgot about chasey run well you do real dark yeah he doesn't count and don't forget condolize the coli you can see on TV yeah yeah but you can see chasey's that nice well some of the kids who I guess the old juma kids but do you see a little juma kids yeah yeah he's an ex-y ox that's what it does it doesn't matter you know he repented for you know what he did oh they can make him do that what is really irritating me is why this thing in pencego county is is not being pushed I mean it's clear obvious case of republican voter fraud and none of the penance you're talking about it none of the pop shows you're talking about hence the coli county I never even heard about anything there where is that or semi-accounting oh it's a little camera that's on the other side why why isn't that in a fourth part of the news I mean here's a I don't even have a political account yet I don't believe it I don't believe it I think I take four responsibilities not okay now what are you asking me about some of the accounting for why isn't it more in the news why I haven't run a match in the news ever were in fact this is what they are the publicans are paying their pants about it because they're all 15,000 absentee ballots down a pretty good chance of getting tossed out in which case you're bushing is going to lose 4700 votes but it's Captain Erick and the comeback and re-certify the election well I mean the quote would have to make me do it obviously that's the whole over the cover that the hold it down spank or intro the eyelashes fell off I can't do it do we sign up to spanker have a great day pal five six seven oh five six feet pound five six need we take care of lunch for the Hank over the crew there Hudson's coming over see there you don't know be coming by even the like any day and that's that's a long time now that's I'm going to mommy's for one two way and you know what the good news is I didn't have that cheese on my testimony thanks to our good close friends that they don't cry maybe I'm going to study breakfast if I can have a nice cheese and maybe you're choosing big and I'm not a good one like that one this morning not like the one yesterday oh but anyway the good news is because I'm like you know the butter that they use kind of like slides too and if it's pretty close to the total clock and once it mommy's house gets watched you right yeah I'm starting to get the first twin years out yeah I think you should talk other interesting things in the middle like maybe a handful of gravel yeah get ready for the big splash mom here's a mobile and delvebi cello you know God yes sir the voice of reason stop for yes I am you gonna get in last night I was there you can I say that's good more watching in the third period must have been torture for you well when only would be a bush people no when the same rules of time I believe all please it was much more serious with the five four for at least till I got home and then of course I taped the game and I saw the end results there would have been trying it up for thirty seconds left and in the least they're coming out in a coma 18 seconds over time same with us walks out I've never seen anything like that in my life that would be good huh yeah well you can't blame him they just want to all alone it was the biggest blow job in history of professional sports yeah well one last thing you know you've always said this is a banana republic down here and we've always known not a whole world knows who's banana republic it is you got it you're right on the I got my phone on it thank you sir really scroll and I'll be all right to me I'll just maybe I'll make it come back what do you think oh five six that at oh five six they pound five six did and of course tomorrow night the macaroon will get to see all those funny red wing fans and they're fully red winged jerseys the outer minds of all the teams I've never been my maple each jacket 42 years of being a real fan but when he's the focal far running phones come out we all because red wings want two standard kept in the world and all of a sudden every pandemic play here got all these thousands of people with red winged jerseys and some of you are real red wing fans mostly your muscle and they're your bunch of papers okay go back to it's a line this is five sixty two a.f. for three you five sixty seven you two a.m. I have any more blooder there but that's group station and wqam dot com what oh boy it's the one to two hour hey Palm Beach Cowley you bunch of cool are you people stupid you bunch of this right song one's got to do the right thing well we can't do Domestellous friends so watch the difference with the final score just give it to George or give it to god one of you not pato See the way, may you know it was a tie. So I wonder why, what is this thing? Pick a king and call him, bow it. And tell me, pick your mistakes, and we'll be at it, till fray, bow. Both guys and good ones, deb, petty, small, and the fire of the night. Neither could run, a star at a moor. It makes no difference, which mark wins this day. Let's wrap up the counting, who buys spring. Let's give it to Nader. All bad fuel cannon. All may be poor, all, will toss his hat back. How badly, make me a lot of best friendling. As long as we all have to count till spring. Oh, 940 bucks at the QM family deal cost. It's a good one hour, and of course it would only be 939 if we weren't for $1. So your cost dollar is 7,000, and another hour till 2 o'clock, you will buy in CD, a great job cost dollar in the QM van Kunderpinds and University in Pembroke, in the Hudders parking lot. Get your best meal, T-shirts, T-dings, to set an, those running out fast. P-chains. Here's some really interesting stuff. From Grand Rapids, Michigan, it says, John Robertett is careful not to make any potentially didn't mistakes. And for right-tailed beers from the three tops of those families, Western Michigan Apple orchard, 600 have been shot to death already during the mistakes, 16 day firearm deer season. Cooked load by self-inflicted gunshot rooms. Our climbing at top elevated hunting platforms, the firearm season ends today. Thank God. Now officials are studying how to get the word out. Don't climb a tree while holding a loaded gun. Evolution at work. Alright. Also, you know what you didn't remind me. Since I'm thinking about mud ones, about the state that was going to talk about about the... Oh yeah. I don't have it in front of me, but I can tell you. He won Georgia, Mississippi, Alabama, Arkansas, Tennessee, Kentucky, Texas, Oklahoma, Arizona, North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, West Virginia, or Hannah Deonex, such as that giving us our higher. Okay. Our higher is the only way you would call industrialized Midwestern state. He won your hamster, but it's the only state in England. And your hamsters no tourist like known as a bizarre state, generally very conservative without Manchester, you mean either a white wing newspaper, but that was really one of the one in England. And then of course he won Montana, North Dakota, in South Dakota, in Utah, in Wyoming. And what am I even out? Colorado. That's a color. And Alaska. That's it. I think just off the top of my head, I gave you an of course for whatever we don't know. And the problem to have to make is, would you see Florida have been telling you for years is a deep South state. It's a young who state. That's why we can't get casino gambling. That's why we got the kind of crap growing on here that we do. That's why any much of the legal aliens can come in here and take over any kind of day. One at any time because they know how to do things here. You can't complain about the government of the people in the news because we don't have government of the people. We got nothing but rampant corruption in this state. Now, we're a one, mean, Vermont, Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New York, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Illinois, Delaware, California. We're out here to it, Delaware. I'm going geographically, yeah. So Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, Iowa, Oregon, Washington, California, New Mexico, and Hawaii. That was pretty good right off the top of my head. I go on the other side. I know my map. I know my presence. I know my map. And I know the capital. I know the race track in my hockey. And that's it. I don't know anything else. I know how good I go to the bank with that paycheck. But just take a look. You talk about the country being divided. Just about what the extent of Ohio and of course, they're staying in the who knows. He went all the mud ones state, all the redneck states. Yeah. All the ingredient states went to Bush and the places that you might call moderate to liberal, but like with some sophisticated urban areas, where I'm living and reading people is, well, one of those states. So that's what we really have. We have a cultural rule between the mud ones and those of us who consider ourselves somewhat civilized. Those of us who are tolerant, those of us who understand the diversity and diversity of all about and those who are close minded, divided by the nationals. Gunton, pick up truck driving, by the front of the Bible company, dober and looking at the nationals. I'm sorry, people looking at us are like dober and I have about that little min plan. Isn't now he's not a doberman. It's got nothing to do with it. So there you go. I think that's certainly something to be able to think about. And of course, any of those of you who voted here for Bush, who aren't that green toothed, right? Yeah, I keep calling that up because it's a really, I'm sure there are very, very irritating things in the back of your mind. The fact that even though during those days, and I asked the question before only rhetorically, because I know the answer, but the reason that these people that were green with us and were not doing the 80 on days because they hate to kill them. Those old green toothed, that 75% who are green with them politically, hate them like poison. But politically, they're the same. Oh man, yeah, so right back. So right back, so right back, and of course, they have the same, I mean, these teeth may be a different shade of green. But other than that, and since pretty much the same, all of the craziness have been changed to protect the U.S. They're both in the car driving and dog driving both in the one. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, I should would agree with that. Based on, well, here's, I'm on the wrong one, Pemberpine, so, yeah, yes sir. Yeah, I had to call you now, you were absolutely correct when you said that the Democrats are responsible for losing this election. Yeah, they personally often, they really crossed my ass. And you want to know who's one of the ones? A court with a decision of follows, highest court, the Florida Supreme Court. He's criticized in Roger Cochise actions right now. He makes about as much of the impact as a bull, yesterday's general. Well, I'll tell you, the Democrats is good there job by going out and getting my known African Americans with older Jewish voters. Yeah, registered. They got them registered. It was a highest increase in registration in the state. Yeah, they just didn't reach him out of the roadway. They did not reach him out of the roadway. Right. They did half of their job. And the African Americans in this town in South Florida should be stringing up, shrugged and Jesse Jackson for not being here before the vote. Right, helped that. That's right. And you know, something in Duball County, and please show us the literature that the Democrats put out to assist the voters that they went out and recruited. It was an error. It had mistakes, and it didn't give them the accurate information out of vote. And now they want to jump up a notch from what happens because you get the national people coming down here trying to save the election. And it's the local political leaders for the Democratic Party that should be strong up because they didn't do their job. Yeah, you may. Anyways, things that took my eye man, but life will go on. What's all for Jeffy? And the market's taking a gigantic crap. I just put that out in passing. Another day. Go buy some shit for it. Please. So look at that. Okay, you too. Yeah, shit. So it was up to 31. I showed the sort of 10, so I'm 22. 23 right now. The NANDS X down 158. It's like here must be 25. Some more 25. I'm going to turn on CNBC one more. But I don't want to see you. We were all here beyond there, too. Yeah, he's on it. Look at that. 2548 or 2549. And the Dallas out of 10,000 forward is down 27. And we still got three hours to go to that. And you were going to jump up to the gate. For independent judgment. And to take it back to a local party, legislator body. With a clear partisan majority there. Take this down a roll that regardless of which side we're on. Hey guys, you question seriously. There's anybody other than the Orthodox Jews in the old Getchies. Take this man seriously. Today. I mean, because in the substance of what he says and the manner in which he delivers it, now use the term deliver loosely. How could anybody with a IQ larger than their left nut? Take this man seriously. He's ridiculous. Even embarrassed. And he's just a whiner. A super mollus whiner. Who's always talking about his good buddies like Bill Bennett. I just, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Thank you. I'm sorry. I don't want to say it. I'm going to say it. I'm not so sure. No matter which. You got a typical going. You got this guy. You got the what's in him. You got a linen in that dick. And then of course you got bush and all his buddies like Tuan Laud and Tom Delay. I'm sorry. I think it's lost. Because we saw the scat, they scattering around before the election. We got to go over the scene. We got to go over the scene. We have to fight each other to see. You can be more when people are censorship. I don't think we got any chance of doing it in Jesse. Not Jesse Jackson. We're talking Jesse Ventura. Let's practice. We're right now. We're not around. We got to go over the scene. We're not talking about his crap. Because these parties are both garbage. What's those of us who believe in real freedoms? Let's start around. God damn party. They got to be poor. So I should do something. That's what I would like to do. Not that super as green party was off there. They were in his fan boat. Let's call it the party party. The pot party. All right. I thought he was out. He was out. Poor pot. Please, please bring him back here. Well, in a box. I was mad as hell. I just got to take this. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. What's wrong here? What's wrong here? What's wrong here? What's wrong here? What's wrong here? That work. Oh. That's how I'm. Oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh, oh. I'm just going to be tired. I'm not just going to be a real mayor of Brazil. Thank you for voting this year. The teachers will teach. This is real mayor of Brazil. I just want to let you know. No, I just want to let you know. Now I do what I do. Oh. I'll be right here. See if you're on here. That's your other child on time. Uh, excuse me. Excuse me. I can't get out of move. Excuse me. It's about their president headquarters. No, we're going to make this room back. No, no, no, no, I have to co-on it club coming in here. No, no, no, no, no. It's the headquarters for out there, a president. There's no one in this room, sir. You. They're coming. They're not on here. I got your cologne. It's coming in here in the moron. I got to tell you that. Yeah, I understand it. But I am writing for president. I am in the green front. Sir, sir, sir. Sir, can you leave my button below? Stop. You're going to need this phone. Well, I'm actually on shirt. I have a question about this phone. Yeah. Does it dial in? Yeah, it is called. It's dialed call. Yeah. I'll need to take. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no! No, no! No, no! No! No! No! Yeah, 1, 2, 1! It's here, Ralph. Okay, 1, 16, it's 5. 6, it's your issue. Project, where have you fallen? Oh. Surrey Ralph. Surrey Stepon, you want? But nobody curious. Surrey Stepon, you're a friend of mine. So we got 1,000 in the 80. 1,80 bucks over there to QA and Van in the parking lot. The Hooters parking lot, pinting, and the University in the Inpoind. Another 45 minutes ago, it was like approached two grander today. So Castile was waiting on you with the best meal, T-shirt, T-T-T, K-Cet, and keychames, all of the benefits. That was a bad decision. Time parenthood. If you'd like to give a plug to our friends at the right of the night, in fact, that cheat disappeared. That's what you'd add. Huh? Packed up? At the back nail, we're a few minutes later. That was a script, there it is. Yeah, but that's not the thing I'm looking for. If you mention the meal between now and like to the hallways, oh, percent off on your shipping stuff, they're 1965 or not, he'll wrote in the Wendick's shopping center in Plantation. We think them previously, we're doing all the shipping on our best and the best in your stuff, it's here for plant parenthood. Okay, the market is taken just a tumultuous tumult today. The $1,244.10, that's down $1,166. And this is where we wrote, mature city, said, all that's the end of it. Of course, that was weeks and weeks ago. Well, this is the end of it, it's all over now. Does that man know anything? Nothing. 5, 6,705,60, pound 5,60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless One. On yourroggies.com, our poll question, do you support the Florida Legislature's plan to appoint 25 electors for George Dudler your bush? 424 votes already, that's almost record breaking for this time of day. No 340, 70 to 1.5%, yes, 128 and a half percent. 120, 28 and a half percent. 120 people out there who say, yeah, this is a great way to see all in the election. I think maybe they got a good point. Here's for a modern day, huh? I know. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. I'm not sure, yes, sir. You did a promo on site of our Pompano Stadium for the miracle. Right. You remember them? Sure. I supplied pieces. I was in a pizza business for my mom and dad, and we supplied pieces of a city. My brush you wanted to shape of a horse was that. I don't know if you remember me. No. Like I said, well, I've really got it. So we're 70 years ago. I went to college to try to get an education. Yeah. I met up with you now. I'm going to graduate then 30 days and I'm going to go into law school. Great. I have two words that are going to exist in the club or Republican Party. And it is a precipitation. But this, I'm president of the action by the Florida Legislature. It's got a serious election. It is the precipitation. Yes. It's called Semino County. I've been president of FI used to be 18 for the past two years. Mm-hmm. And I'm not pretending to be, I'm going to go to law school. I'm not pretending to work on law theory. But I'm telling you, is any arguments we've been taught. They're two main arguments for this action that's going on in Semino County. Yeah. Is it something that everybody is always doing? I know that with the Dory and the Democrats and Republicans around the state, regardless of whether it's within the law. And the other, the main defense to them in the, it was a computer glitch that didn't allow them to get these vote of ID numbers on. They cannot touch those applications. They can't, and they get it. Yeah. And this is why they're going to try to search, circumvent the law. When are you screaming about a computer glitch? Right. There's numbers on the phones to do on the application. That's part of it. A computer glitch that they put those, not put the letters on there. They're saying that the computer glitch didn't allow them to add these numbers on. It didn't leave the space of them to put it on. Yeah. That's why they put it on for them. Right. They can't do that. It's not sound like you're not even about the butterfly ballerber to hold you on case. Yeah. Yeah. They want to have a deal when it's expedient for them. And they want to have those kind of arguments work. But otherwise it's a bogusiness crime. Exactly. Exactly. You're gonna do it on a great job. Okay. I'll see it in horse heads. Okay. 5. 5. 6. 7. 5. 6. 7. He's in the boxing five six seven or five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and Provising wireless line Here's my any hello Yeah, it's my counterner Yes, yeah, yeah, you pretty well covered all but I just wanted to fill in one of the gaps gaps and what this shows me is They absolutely sustain for the American devoting population that is shown by the power Religious who have manufactured packaged handle George Bush's father Who I am in victim of one of the millions of victims of that man and now They have run this son out as a candidate when the man had zero qualification And they bet that the American public was so stupid that they could package him and market him and that we would Go for them and they were actually people on this country that did both for him. Yeah, it's incredible I mean, I'll throw it anybody 48 million Incredible it's quite was me. I mean, I look around and I realize I'm surrounded by idiots and you know the states that They go on the thinking people states the states that know at which one the eight states in a monkey cloud Say right it was not that way You know, I see a cut to my mind George Washington battle before George Washington the cherry tree I cannot tell was why I cut the tree down and now I see that was before now today A few other trees the cherry tree an elephant holding an axel of ham a donkey walking down the street making Minus on business and he often saying there's a liar he did it he didn't he did it and I spent a consistent thing You covered that very well effect it there were public and the people who call himself a public information Look up what the ideology of the Republican party is they find out these people don't even come close to the Republican ideology They're feeds them in a Republican call and they're going forward and they're perpetuating this from many other way You may notice on a little about emotional health. Yeah, this is because Okay, I had a run because there's a van again. You do some exaggerating as well And the process of every ballot cast and Palm Beach County 460 2000. Yeah, we just got to see it again. I feel a lot better now new waters is on there Or I'm assuming the people rental truck is just zip it along there. Well, and that's important We got to keep our eyes on that writer truck We just saw it again. I was just guys saying what's gone five six seven 560 Palm five 60 on the AP and T and Verizon wire was wine all of a sudden we got 20 or 30 open lines on here And I'm pretty sure this throughout about that. I know just to know Here's Boker hello Neil yes, sir. You have any wonder must Yeah, I got a quick question for you Remember 14 or 15 years ago I was having a debate with somebody that we used to listen to and I don't know what station you're on But I used to do a bit where there was two younger people on there and at the end or the start of it the wife would say to him It's Friday night. Do you know what that means Hello, yeah, I know With the names on those those two people remember you should run it and I think the bird was around at the time or something and But all the I know it is it's Neil Rogers disease was I did yes, sir. Oh, yeah It was like two or two and you know Rogers disease or any solid disease, which was one I'm not sure there was there was two or three of them with those two people and it but that was there was like a classic I'm gonna run the names and the two people and but every every time one of them ran it was it's Friday night Do you know what that mean? You know that routine. How come I've not heard yours? How how is that possible? It's not a matter of being one of the classics of all time. Yeah, I'll find it for it Thanks, okay everything. How is that possible that Neil Rogers disease is not in the goddamn luck? I said in the DCM Alan box was a normal man with a wife children a summer home in Opholaca and a chain of radio station Well normal that is until just three weeks ago How is that? How is that? Unbelievable Simon there's nothing but subhuman douche bags out there Alan box is suffering from No Rogers disease Have you careful with my any hell, yeah? That's honey we don't subscribe to the hell. Oh, no, that's a cop-up. What kind of a language use is that? Just they know to hell, sir, huh people are flustered with no Rogers disease have lost the ability to Communicate life and run those human beings. What's the matter with you? Who heard those bags from femoral pie? You know these ancestors like all me How can you say those nasty things? Something where I was feeling sweet and well right next to everything how about those bad boys when addicted you know it doesn't hurt the work in Incredible new adventures the scenes of growing self-floor the epidemic Please help us find it's yours honey It's Friday night, you know what's that mean hey, you know what I got I'm not I'm not What's we follow got three points up? You're texted up to the contributions today in care of hot 105 permanent and Feel about only one 25 is yeah, totally refined it. Did we find it or what? We got our finger on it Neil Roger shows sports radio five 60 You So they're dating just one managed give you an ass after she gets to our single banner We're eating anything to talk about cause you are lower g i to a rupt like not the serious It's a last day the pump a when you use executive russian to your fellow employees Carbitarry to have a had not to clean up the topic rate If you answered yes to any of these questions you have i be and we want to talk to you Well not me personally, but the day people at the irritable found from your laboratories When it's hot to your about balance in the idea of stepping up I suffer from terrible mountains and from myself Children downright just I can actually Call a 1 800 smelly and tell the opportunity you want to be part of this study Boy, it is bad here On 30 to 5 60s W 2 I don't let me forget my aboring ball on a way out to mom 5 6 7 0 5 60 Look at that voice of genie mr. Van Austin Texas is there on the range at a poor club I'll be talking about it's the transition. Oh, yeah. We got boys in chaney and there's colon pal and colon cancer And there is all of those folks all of top of which is people there's Martha Washington They're on the ranch Then she creates she and I'm all on the ranch like that Fitment of what I was talking about before much of Yahoo Here's Miami hello, hello, yes, sir. I love the way they're turning joy pollution the ride Raging with all the clearing the push stuff the same exact people are just like the rerun Listen, I was wondering did you hear the Republican try that the judge removes in some of the county? Yes, I did I mentioned that I'm sorry I missed you that's because of the fact that jib bush passed over her for an appointment for a promotion to the first So this record of appeals and therefore the physician might be predidues So you know, I guess we're supposed to assume that because Catherine Harris has been Yankees with the governor here and happens to be the chairman of the Bush or for a president campaign I'm the state of Florida and was driving through the snow and who Hampshire tried to get him in up there in the primaries I guess she's not the bias either Here's the reason for my call I think that the people of Florida should pull it the out of And that your show is the biggest All I'm for doing I'm going out in the streets and sharing a city up no thanks up past 5605050 pound is always some assorant there when not going to use this show as a form for you It's like you and want to go out in the streets and tear this to the up and act like some kind of a moral I'm okay, but back to Seattle Here's a mobile and for a buyer's oh, yeah, I'm kind of about this question regarding the legislature If the courts throw this thing up in the state of confusion and we can't send electors Which you'd be in favor than a religious glacier electing electors? Of course not What do you mean the courts put it in the state of confusion the court said on a rule one way or the other? They're they're gonna recalculate the votes are done up it'll be a final number that they're gonna certify Perhaps it wouldn't be done in time it'll be the one way the other it'll be done in time Okay, now you whatever the final number is that's what they're gonna have to certify in other You usually really believe that under any circumstances where I just like you can be the ones to certify the electors Are supposed to the people are voted if If at the end Are the state can't decide by popular vote just say what aside? If they can I bet I bet you are I find it 567.0560 pound five 60 on the 18 and T and for lines in wireless wine 400 open lines Well, what's going on with this cloud all of a sudden? I mean I realize that they're all sitting there watching bush and chaining and Paul meeting at the goddamn bush rent and corporate Texas right now That's pretty captivating you haven't missed a goddamn thing, okay? He's missed nothing And all of a sudden it's like they're all vanishing here. It's like back to the old days again I don't understand you people at all. I just don't get it 444 we're too far to the way to that 666 on our pool Do you support the level of the state your plans to support to a point? Why do I keep saying that 25 electors for bush? 320 say oh that 72% 28% or 124 say yeah, yeah, we like it. We like it a lot Here's a lady mobile and Hollywood hello Lady metal. Hello. Yes, man Hello. Yes, man. Oh, I'll call you Okay, I'm calm because I'm so distracted with this election thing. Yeah, and I cannot believe that the American people I find the the Paul that's our intention that they want to fix that they're weird in an instant You're right You're not a fool. No, I'm pretty sure she has super day are I Can't believe that what's the big hurry? We got a president is gonna be in there in 1220s of January This is like the 30th of November, which means we all got two months to go what's the big hurry? And anybody doesn't believe the pig and both they can plan for the transition and who they're gonna appoint and get off the crap together Anybody knows the believes that they have to do that is a very naive I don't believe that Because if you give that you give up you give up you can lose because I won't Right, okay, and another thing I can't say I want to say I want them But my not a come-cuban. I found that a rock in color. Okay, great five six history There are another woman bashing cubans. That's what it's saying here. It's not for the head of the sheep Where was she from? I'll give you one hint talk about ah and imperial say imperialist and the condescending Chief of Jamaican one Hey, each other. Hey, well there you go Cubans in a Haitians in a Cubans in a Mexican and a Blacks in the other one and everybody George in the Jews Just one those things that was down 237 Or listen if you're skinned and the nine zags down 159 I wouldn't you think that if you had a stockworker that had any kind of a brain that had there that you released good a phone call Now like a home in the afternoon when you're home with him I realize he's got you know like maybe 10 20 clients left with this fight You get a phone call saying well, you know, here's what I think we really ought to do I think you ought to sit pride or I think now's the time to jump in and look at the amazing I'm blue zero oxies down to six something now time to double down. I got a double down. Oh no Thanks a lot for your ox remember happy anniversary He went your brother Your brother who has those wild wings about Arab sheaks and you're who are buying 50 billion shares Shippers In fact, uh, maybe I can swap some stock for some divership Here's a mobile and palm do you tell them? Uncle Neil got yes sir What is that? Is anybody else frustrated with the fact that our legislatures just gonna go out there and they're willing to get together Especially to coronate you know George W But you know none of them said one thing about addressing the election issues that we've had throughout the state The election issues we've had throughout the state Problems with the ballot the nits count Correcting some of the rules that led up to the world I want them more what the emergency do that there's not another election for two years at least that I know Well absolutely correct but the ideas at least say something about it don't just get together and talk They don't have to do they don't have time to be doing that because they have to hurry up and get the judge's brother in it Don't understand The urgent they really can't they don't do it something legal man there you go God bless you okay good luck to you. So I see if you're for five six seven five sixy is it warm in here? Is it me if you crank that thing up it is What the bell to you actually are even chair God It's that bushes on a bird's bush not time to crank up the oven just quiet Here's a mobile in the girl. Hello Mobile in the girl. Yeah. Yes sir. Hello Neil You know where I heard this you have a nice Queen Catherine Harris the order authorized the spending of a couple hundred thousand dollars for a shaft Because no you didn't hear that couple hundred thousand dollars of what of the Florida money to help promote the board of the bush campaign And I'm thinking about the second amount of my pocket Nobody asked me about everybody hear that we're in the front MSMBC yeah Yeah, that she is that's Chris here I'm from what I was a member of the conversation that she's in the in the bush campaign And she's yeah Is a campaign with a man stand up for that. Okay. I say find her and says a fight up all spoky right now Just one last time up there and stuck and let's find her freaking ass Bitch 22 before two at five sixy W Q Go morning This is five question our girl Oddly you should know Counting has always been an important part of my wife Why I have always counted going over and over until I get a number I like For example On Christmas day I would count my present Till the aggregate total reach 23 On my birthday I would count the candles on my cake So each year they total 22 That's the year I lost my cherry Cherry was my dog and I loved him So please understand I am upset over the recent criticism Leveled against me regarding this election I have hired the nation premier counter to assist in this election process and His work has already begun Ha ha 2 million 910 pounds and 847 more to the door We'll get to the bottom of this Ne and the count thank you this is our girl Yeah, okay 145 at five sixy W Q a five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixy on the AT&T line here's my ending Okay, yeah, I do further Madrid thing that you are telling people that go on Yes, yeah, all news all knows we've heard a 50 million times, okay the election was like two weeks and two days You're okay Erb news Here's a mobile and Daniel. Well, yeah, sir. Let's talk about something important Stay can shake open today. Oh, it opened today. I'd like to come back from the hockey in my side I kind of cleaned my neck as he was opening it and he couldn't have an eternity from the history I know that I'm not buying yesterday out today to or they weren't waiting for the last comment Stay can shake is open Best of that is the most important news you write Have a good back. Thanks for the good news. That's on some might as well have our just East of the Chevron station there just rest of the flamuro You got it that old remember that kind of comment at one day that old and I explained to him 75 different times He wanted me to come over to with a compass in a road map and show more was on the map I said call George W. He'll show where it's up what's at up your back. Oh god, so there's a good news stay can shake Is opening plant Asian acres or sunrise or what do we want to call out hell all of you? Here's a lady mobile and poor buyer. You sure? Oh, any off. Yes, man. I do it. Okay, listen I wanted to mention you know how early on me Republicans were caremongering the American public by saying that overseas we look terrible and people are concerned because we don't have a president Yeah, I was just in London last week and what's the good old care about what's going on over here? You barely find anything You can't more about the fact that their gas is five bucks a gallon right and they still have a monarch I was an Amsterdam pretend days and they didn't give a flying crap about whether we had a president or not I mean something new but other than that the people aren't talking about it Exactly and I think the only really the only feedback I got with the people who scared us Uh bush got in that we'd be at one in a year, you know? I mean they just see that whole little I pick a little longer than that because first they got to show them on the map where those places are they want to attack so I might take a look around Exactly, it's good business if we got a war. I mean it's you know I agree with the guy that called before saying that how could these people vote for this guy? It's shocking Beats are how I want to make it. I still am waiting here. It is a two weeks and two days after the election day And I haven't had one person call and told me a legitimate reason why I didn't have the one guy yesterday We said that he was a bigot and that's why he voted for Bush, but other than that. That's it. Well, but at least he was honest Well, yeah, that's rare I have a great day You'd say the luck to see on the plane Okay, 400 open lines here at 12 minutes to go. What this is a brutal ending to be sure today Walk out of here with a real sour look on your post what are you ready how these people win and they don't even have to God be in my rider truck on there with a moment. I don't know what I'm gonna tell you looking at Five so that's right. They got rush on now. I forgot about that we got to compete with rush all these people are The samples are rush now. So if it's only the Cubans that you want to keep screaming about the 75 to 25 The Cubans are voting day counting for Bush that you want to scream and carry out about I don't think there were any Cubans in the macarine last night all and yeah when they put those two pictures up on a scoreboard First it was good who got brood loudly by the 8,000 so people were there and then it's for Bush up and he got a hero As welcome like once again, then kicking the universe. Maybe you'd like to explain to me who those people were there and sunrise at the macarina Who are such big bush people huh and all the bush lickers in sunrise But it's much more expedient to pick out the one group of people that you despise like poison. I mean that predictable Yeah, 40% good vote for cotton wise time for some of those are we not still understand but generally speaking this was no big surprise Here's a mobile and come over here. Hello Neal yes sir. Hey what was the first fact you ever had with you? What your first for that what what year was it oh? 85 95 78 I'm fixing the back up. He was what's the deal with promoting? I know Merrick sir. I'm now is retiring and I get the police chiefs at my first one line so I drop Why still popular for most police chiefs who are sitting magic in this I don't know experts here. I'm gonna tell you five six seven five sixty five sixy on the 18 and the movement of the horizon wireless line Wow It's a it let me four two a five sixty W Q m and we're gonna be ending them through soon today I can tell I can smell a can't you okay? We're gonna begin out here just in time. I hope Neal Roger show sports radio five 60 Q a Oh God Oh Oh I Oh Oh Oh You So you see that 14 every 20 bucks over there That's the the abandoned water is what they religious nuts the from my church babies I'm I'm I'm him for money. Yeah, what one tell about? We're not there to give money out with a local community for cherry get out of there You'll take as you get to know just use it the Q a and van okay for kind of funny CDs will raise it or not Or they're charity With their donation so what are you just tell me? Wait, you're gonna much close for oh yeah and my doctor is an answer that we just say even I know let it guys. Oh, yeah, well could be I don't know When you're talking about you. I doubt it. Okay. It's a lot of good well Here's a lady in the game. Oh, so oh, yeah, sorry Let's just come breaking news that the Bush-Chainee transition team is finally released their first priority for when they So I'm just there way into the house and that's the get the colors only water fountain and bathroom for colon file Fundamentals Poland love you Rocket thanks. I know kind of the leads you get to use that a malicious get these your ladies colored only one you think so Oh, yeah, and then of course there's also a teaching rod 5 6 out of 5 50 pound 5 60 on a 18 t and Verizon by the slide up You support the forever legislatures plan to do elect to a point 25 electors for Bush no 346 72.2 percent yes 133 27 points and present I only five hundred votes Lots of votes on our poll today, baby and the people are trying to set away cup and realize that the legislatures got all singered out Here's a mobile implantation. Hello Okay, good one Let's try a lady mobile a naples. Hello Hi, yes, I just want to say that over here. We do really love you over here. We saw no less and We got a lot of them To call but I'm listening I just want to say I don't know why people are so supposed to surprise and shop here You may not can public vote it in Reagan then they voted in Clinton Why we supposed to buy but now to try to get in Bush? We probably haven't had a legitimate election and over 200 years here. What was wrong with Clinton? Can they blow jobs? Well, you know, I mean it turned out to be okay But really I still don't have a block. Yeah, how about okay about so you know I mean who knows where everybody's gone on here about two years everybody will have a chance to vote again and Two years okay good two years will have a chance to vote again Okay, I guess should I'm hanging out by my thumbnails today? Well, yeah, I think that's in a big new scene where he did it. Yeah And the international hell through you