The 560, how come you can way add results to a Nrd budget? I want to meet him! Motu 610, D'Knoone, 321 supply and 1528 on say707-818, Travekant, 186g, and 2650. This is not reflect those of the bases, rockets, war ahead, staff realize theirandal Galiban. The Nrd budget show on 560 QAFF. When you're telling your sister right now, You can mark it down. If Broadway kind of would change their mind and decide they want to build this facility, I will not play here. Because I will not have you guys looking at me for the next 10 years saying, here's a guy that said one thing and went out and did something else. I must be crazy, I must be nuts. Oh, the morning. Come to see me. Because when I think of you, it's because I leave me when I tell you, now that they's bought team. Really stuff. I feel sorry for you, Leeline. Every time it's clear, it's not a joke. Believe me when I tell you, now that they're bought team is a joke. Wait, I think of it. It's the end of the page, your asshole. And you know, everything good thing is there. Is that it? Wait, I think of it. He went and cut the payroll. Oh, I'm getting this. I'm winning. Just die. I'm not a Marlon. Safety me. I'll brand it. Fall pork with a dome. Believe me when I tell you, now that they're bought team is a joke. Oh, yeah. Hey, I got to get excited today about all this crap. Oh, no way. I'm just going to stay calm, cool, and collected. That's all. I mean, you people in date County, how many years have I been telling you? I live in Broward. You get what you deserve. May or ping a pecania. This is for you. You're son of a bitch. Yeah. Let's just play that all day today for him. The anti-Christ. Alex Pinga Picania. The man who makes all the details behind closed doors. And then they hold a press conference, 130 on a Sunday. When everybody's here to watch and football games or attending them or doing stuff. Womp to the other Sunday. Why didn't they do it like 130 in the morning? What have been better? And I must be psychic. If my psychic abilities were as good and Wall Street, I could put that freaking little mid-church that little weasel right out of business. Yeah. In fact, I think I could probably do it all right anyway, without psychic abilities. I mean, I can't pick great stocks like Dish and Chitrix, but nevertheless. Now I could pick my nose and come up with something better than what he has. But at any rate, I started to say it must be psychic because Friday I left here with a pool on the Marlins of all things. I had no idea that this deal was coming down over the weekend. This would be back to a crooked deal. And our poor question was, was you going to any Marlins games this season? And the reason I asked that question was because there was all this hostility about Alex Rodriguez sign that big deal and the owners and the prices. And it just all get in crazy. Plus there's going to be a strike in two years anyway. And then the people who are left over, what fans they got left are all going to get. That'll be the final nail in the coffin. When you be going to any Marlins games this season, we had a thousand 43 responses. How do you like that? 657 63% said never. None. Zero. Zippity Duda. As in. All right. Maybe one or two. 24% 250. A few. 94. 9%. Many 42. 4%. 4%. Said many games. But let's see. 917. 80. Let's see. 24. 87%. Said either maybe one or two or never. None. So I think it makes a lot of sense for it. They counted. Come up and spend 385 million dollars. Could build a billionaire in other stadium? Or a lot more people will go to this stadium. Come on. Come on. Come on. Long answer. Because this stadium is going to be in Miami. Somewhere downtown. We're not sure if they're going to rape the rest of the Barcentennial Park. Or if it's going to be an overtime. Or if it's going to be in that other way out by the old arena somewhere. Oh, the old arena. That's right. I forgot about the one that's sitting there. That still isn't paid for yet. The white elephant. That's the guy who told you that before too long we'd have an arena or stadium on every street corner this town. Who told you that? Oh, God. That's right. I told you that. These people are crazy. How would you like to have some idea? Forget about have the money. But just have some idea of how much graph goes down a day count every day. Why should anybody be confused about being a fixed election array? A dubious election in this town. Everything in day count. Everything in Florida is fixed. Everything is crooked here. This is the crooked guy. The guy damn state is looking to map. It's just kind of like hanging down there like Bob Durwann about day. Yeah. Limp. Crooked. Crooked. Crooked. Idiot. God damn jerks is what we got. Idiot. Just like I said. And they just put him back in office again. Now, of course, now he's a lame duck. He can't throw one again. So now he can really go ahead and do whatever he wants. You got the airport stuff going on. You got the Mickey deal. And by the way, Mike Mayo had a decent calm. They don't want to get too carried away with him because he's, you know, he's on a roll. But of all people, Linda Robertson in a hero had a great column. Nice going sweetheart. If I can't ever find a guy damn thing, I got to hear somewhere. In the midst of the ball of this stuff. And she makes about 5,000 great points. Why this is such a bad deal. And about how the money can be better spent. So anybody who comes on a year, it tells you that this is not about building schools and that a quantity of huts. Not about kids having textbooks to take home. Whoever tells you that is full of crap. Okay? Because it is about that. If Alex Pingu Piccania can somehow come up with this very creative financing for this billionaire to build him a play toy, a playground. For him and his overpaid jocks. Then how come this like Linda Robertson says at the very end of the article. She says, just think of the same amount of effort and money that goes into building stadiums. We're going to go into building stadiums. We're going to go into building schools and transportation solutions and museums and support systems for people who can't afford to step foot in those stadiums. Then we would truly say we live in a world class city. Nice going Linda. Now you're talking like a real human being instead of some stupid joke. Instead of some damn jokes in the fur. So here's the full question for today. Two polls in the morning and the middle of thecember. And I just mentioned in passing. That's what we're going to discuss it. That the popular vote total of Al Gore's 540,000 votes ahead. I just mentioned that. I know the electors are doing their thing today and the bushes in. But I just mentioned that in passing. For the people that were saying, well wait to all those absentee ballots are counted. Or it's just about all done. And the margin of the popular vote nationwide, the little over 540,000 that grew one by just mentioned that only in passing. Here's our poll question today. Do you support the new stadium deal in Miami for the Marlins? Yes or no? No beating around the bush. You're son of a bitch. Do you support the new stadium deal in Miami for the Marlins? Yes or no? From up or from down? That's our question. See I don't care. I don't give a crap because I don't live in Dave County. They're not going to take any of my money. Here's another great thing from Linda Robertson's com. I should read the whole thing and maybe I will. Penelas pledged that no public money would be used to construct the Nikki Eris in American Airlines arena. But it turns out we're paying, no, you're paying, because I live in Broward. The Dave County taxpayers are paying $6.4 million a year to operate it. And a total of $296 million over its lifespan. That would buy a lot of textbooks. And that would give kids out of the closet. Things like that. And again, here's another phony deal. I'll cook up behind closed doors and we're supposed to be all excited because now they got to stay there. They got to play there for at least 40 years. I just hope Greg read. I said you ought to be ecstatic. You ought to be jumping up and down 40 more years. That'll keep you going. That'll keep this place in the wedding. At about 10 million a year. That's only 400 million. And he kind of looked, we scratched that spot on this head and went. Eeeeh! Like that. Take care of me, Joe. When you're Greg and Saptscrew and you are people over on this place. Just because he's not a member of the family. I'll see if his name was read, but that's not a Hispanic name, so. He'd be in better shape. Anyway, 10 past 10 at 5. 60 WDQM, am I going to get excited and work up about this? No, I've tried to tell you, you've voted him again, including you anglo. Don't tell me about the latins and the cubins. You voted him again. He's your guy, it's your county. Good luck to you. Good luck to you. Have a great life. I wish you nothing but the best. Is anybody going to go down here to Miami? No, people from Pabee. No, most of us from Broward. No, no. So now the owners will be on you. Of course, keep in mind. It's supposed to open in 2004. That's just two years after they have the next big baseball strike. That'll make the last one. We're like a Sunday picnic. Good timing, guys. Great timing. It'll be done in time for that big revival. Can you imagine all the big empty facilities we can have around this town? Without already got all these places that don't draw flies. 8 million sporting events and nobody's going to any of them. To which I say, a rat. Other than the dolphins, that's a given. What other than that? 10 past 10 at 5. 50 WQM, you're enthusiastic station for the new millennium, which is coming in a few days. No question of the photo. No, due to these celebrities. No, no. No, no. No. No, no. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. No. And then there's a there's a there's a word here there there is a configuration here. But this is out as little turnt. That goes up and down. But the sea is so hot. What are you talking about? I'm not in Spanish. I can't anybody hear me. I don't believe it. I don't know what I don't believe. I don't know. You know, I've said it's fine. It sounds fine. He's got a keen ear for AM radio. Yeah, he can hear it. Not one call on the board. So I guess I'll do what I didn't invite it the rest of the week. Because it's like a honey. Miguel said it's okay. Everything else okay. I'll let's quit. He said it's just fine. Just for like, I don't believe these people. It's probably John Henry's people. Don't you remember the last time we had a controversy? We get this set up crap. Just like this pool. You'll see. You'll see how this thing will turn out. And you'll say, gee, it's not as bad as we thought it was going to be. Like we got 19 votes on our already. 12 people say no, but seven say yes. And I bet you all seven of those votes were it came from inside John Henry's bedroom. You mark my words. And here on a front page of the Sunset. Listen to the best part of the whole deal. If I can find it in the midst of these 7,000 pages of that cut out. Front page of the sports sector in the Sunset. Here's a picture of a picture of a, a, a pro player stadium. Almost empty. They're like a smattering of maybe a few hundred fans in their fans. Doing a mallon game. Sun is shining blue skies up there. Looks like, you know, a decent evening. It's as pro player stadium can feel like a ghost time for some barlins games. Team officials believe a new stadium will help raise attendance, a payroll and possibly the team's record. Uh, got to get that dome stadium right there in Miami where everybody wants to go. Don't we all want to go to Miami? Oh, in addition to which the American Airlines, that we know that the Linda Robertson's writing about. They had a couple of off a whole bunch of those upper deck seats because nobody's buying those either. And generally speaking, he's where having a Disney year are paying in front of 789,000 people again. And so no matter what it puts in the news papers for all of the attendance, same with the Panthers in the y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all. We keep building more and more stadiums more or we in his, in a town. It's not even a sports town. Like Linda Robertson says, she says, a new stadium is necessarily the cure. This is a bad sports town filled with a, with a physical populace. Right on Linda, this isn't Detroit or Boston or Denver. Henry a farmer son has been a passionate baseball fan since childhood. Over estimates the loyalty of his neighbors. You got it, honey. He says finally mirrors all over the country just to find the stadium building frenzy by saying sports, the facilities, stimulate economic development, study after study debunks that myth. It's not true, it just doesn't happen. It's all, it's all, they're just playing with fuzzy math if I can use that expression. To throw out a con of public indicating a sweetheart deal done for them, so that we can keep perpetuating this. This town has got more different sporting events going on. In front of light like we had Mark Vanneville was into this morning on the morning show, Hurricane basketball. I played in the Anthos Center on Saturday in front of about 7,000 people. In general, they're clouds are like, what? Two, three thousand against something like that. Unless they're playing some biggie. How many different sporting venues can we build, partially or wholly, with taxpayers money or somebody's money for billionaires where there's nobody going there? What's the point? Do we have one for volleyball yet? Do we're working on that? That'll be next. As soon as we figure out how you figured the over's and under's, then we'll still work on a volleyball deal. Yeah. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Good morning, Neil. Buenos dias. I'm new, you're really quick signal up this way today. Oh, how long are you doing? I usually step to turn the volume completely to the right just to hear you. Yeah. Coming up pretty good. Well, I'm trying to look as though there's a big deal. Oh, who okay? I mean, it's all that papers all the sports riders. Everybody that I listen to has been saying the same thing. I have this will never go. And this guy's got a these ball and small key. Right. We're going to get his stadium. Now, who says, hey, you go John, I read it in a couple of big and dollars. Mayor Pingu Pecania and Mayor Carroyo, two of the most honest men I've ever met. That's it. No fault. There's no. Right. And that's not even better one. Unlike the American Airlines arena, they slip the Mickey to the public arena. This one doesn't even have to go to a photo to the public. Unbelievable. You know, the county commission has to vote the city commission and the legislatures going to come to 122 million bucks from those. Some tax really if they're going to give whatever. But the public does need to get to vote times up or down on this field. Yeah. And we're going to get the bill. No, that's that's not what it means. Yeah. You're going to get the bill. Well, we got so much money in Dave County. I guess we've got to spend it so we don't have to pay taxes. But you live in Dave County? No, no. I know. Thank you. I love a pan pombie. Well, there you go. So school them. Like I said, they get what they deserve. Yeah. You know, they had a referendum up there. One year to put a stadium. They wanted to get hit everybody for a dollar. Yeah. And they voted it. No. Well, that's how it went. Okay, pal. I love him. I don't know. You and I weren't good shape. Yeah. School day County. I hate to say that. But what do you guys in Dave County? Oh, we're working in Dave County. Yeah, but very close to the county line. Thank God. I mean, you get what you deserve. I see. That's been my line for a long time. This, this, this, this Alex Penellus. This is the Antichrist. This is the Antichrist. This is the same guy who lied to us. The authority at the church and was. Jun comes back to the miles. He was a man oforgt. Maudoo. Remember one thing, Azenha? Sir, when they changed up the money from mayonnaise? Theyizada.воi, they came back, around friends who was there. Say Yeah, I didn't hear anything in the cryptocurrency. I don't need chills over time or anything, but it was just oet tranquillity. I ain't talking about fence x shoulders. The audience doesn't believe the distance is not to mention of course the the tax that he tried to put over on the public remember they raised the the polls on the expressway on the one twelve just a few for that election year and a half ago back in the July of ninety nine oh yeah yeah we have to have more rapid transit they try to pull over the public side and this is a guy who's got the audacity to say when they back all those lines up and people were frustrated to get to work at whatever because people are confused about the increase on a toll i hope that this is not people off the whole for the tax do they vote for the tag all know they did not overwhelming return to town this is the same guy who stood up in front of the guy the microphone breathlessly hysterical sticking up janitor reno's ass and a rest of the government to this is the same guy who went into hiding when i'll go need to help and date county who's supposed to be a democrat and he didn't see the mayor's a pombie chair of a barricades campaigning still the problem in the court there is no mayor of pombie county and there is no mayor of barricades but don't confuse this will be this will be spot for the fact say i'm getting excited because i'd just like i despise every fiber in his man's body that's what peace of truth he is he is the lowest form of slime and he epitomizes everything that's wrong with this count with this state everything he's easy to put him the other he's the epicenter of of scum is alice penellus from the airport to make the arson deals to john Henry deals even even money hall never made deals like the ones that go on in the day county every single day and a rest of the ucifac and they can do it because this is law law land that's why they do it you just use a saw how if we are everything you just saw this election we can't do anything right so good luck to you like i said have a great time there hope it's beautiful five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT and T and horizon world is why here's a mobile in broke it hello morning ill are you i'm doing okay uh... listen in regards to the uh... the baseball team i was reading i think this weekend that uh... there was some talk of out the florida mallons hooking up with a big hit a right sir mianny mallons it's going to be not florida mallon well in looking up with the uh... the new florida land football team now that that that's all knows here that that was before this whole deal came down that's not going to happen uh... so that's that's been put in the car that's dead yeah and yeah i love that at the center of calm that's a good one he is listen i i called uh... and spoke to George and then goes he doing okay today but he may be by the well i said good morning George married Chris was sent he says uh... likewise i'm sure i wasn't being sarcastic i have a nice day pal not maybe he was because he wants to uh... you know should i said happy honeka i don't know if it's in okay it's a Monday morning and these people are uh... you know that probably lost a bit five six seven five sixty pound five sixty in another one where they put the well i don't want to get to sports intensive because we'll lose all audience but the thing with the uh... you were larry on off which i told you was a stiff and then he had the audacity just like all the yoke in the publicly open up a mouth and uh... second gets a criticised the coach and you can't do that here can you oh no not with that organization so now the trowel on to back good well pack your sandwich with a take a back breadwin's these all yours forty-year-old man plays like he's ninety but of course the organization here doesn't say well you know something maybe we made a mistake because they don't make mistakes they don't make mistakes and again the public is held hostage like i've been telling you until when is good and the media makes his deal this is what you're stuck with all but they played a little bit better on the road they played with great they still got six wins just in last place in the league but let's build another arena for me that'll do it to move surroundings that'll make him feel better and play a lot better course you'll have to pay for it five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen ten for rising wireless line for a lot of them all meal yes sir so pissed off about even though we're the start yeah started again well i don't live in my amy proper so i don't have to deal with mister patro- dog however i live in unincorporated so the little tiny limp dick that is an office that somehow remote remote most of the time because he ended up back in office i have to deal with and when i heard this yesterday it got me so pissed off new i have two kids both in public elementary school there about twenty five kids a piece and you know each other classes there are three computers sitting on a desk that all of those kids have to take turns to use yeah meanwhile working a paid billions of dollars for scumbag athletes for some huge building that is going to be elected and then not used in about five years just like the other pink building down there right what what's going on i i i i i i i i i so i don't get stopped i don't get on a lot of poms are being greased a lot of corruption going on and the public are sitting back uh... there are oblivious they don't give a crap how in the world could he be related i have to go because i just can't okay condon this is a guy's right have a stroke over it looking at the audience is right have a stroke we got two calls and a board they don't care about anything now see this this this right here is exactly why this goes on because it can five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and for rising wireless line i'm going to go back and play stuff again today like i did Friday will do it till the end of the year i get these people got nothing to say and like i said before i live in power so good luck to you folks in date counting you made your bed now i sleep with him oh my he did i just see the picture of the and in fact here's the picture on a front page of the harald and here's mayor pink of the king and john and we look like he just caught out of a dumpster what a classy guy i mean this at least way in at least you know what the ball had nearly looks he looks like a real slick uh... you know garbage guy you know but this guy he just looks like the garbage part looks like wind was operating the dumpster thing in this guy looks like he crawled out of it twenty seven after ten at five sixty w qm he want to win some cash hey now all look at his sports brine with our copy now man wears brine wears ourselves to propagate on top of the stuff and a crazy i must be nuts that special time of year is here again and so is symphonic master of the smile busking and here is his finest album ever the parkies actingKNW just in the ji almacaves badges wished mosque of their beige Yes, we wish every night with a sign of life will you hear the holiday's happy news. Here's a call to the party or copy and time for the holiday. And 95, I mean 95, I mean 95, I for album, so I'm 99, 95, 99 for each act date. I call 100, okay, that's 100, fritake, come on. 1032 happy holidays, Merry Christmas, happy, Chinooka, happy Quang Zen, all of these other ridiculous things. It's good for business and a market said, doing okay today and then we're going to wait for our own greenspan tomorrow to decide then. Huh? Yeah, let's just, let's just get out of here. Let's just go find a nice, we'll take the computer in the other room. I will just trade stocks like Stuart. Yeah. Here's a lady mobile in Miami, hello. Hello? Yes, ma'am. I'm holding for a deal. You're speaking to him. No, why do you hate the Cuba so much? What are you talking about? You know we are good, we're excited to thank you all. Yeah, okay, great, thank you very much. Why do I hate the Cuba so much? So in other words, if there's one person who happens to be Cuba and by the way, thank you very much for the other little shot you're better than I am, you should live so long, bitch. It wasn't that beautiful. So you criticized Alex Panales, he doesn't the problem with you or green to Cuba. It's us, it's us against them. Just like factoring Aliens, it's us against them and of course people like Mayor Pinker Picanes helped to create that situation in mentality. He specialized in it during those days. He thrives on it. Yeah, that's right. That's the best you can do you disgusting pathetic bitch and you wonder why people hate you like poison? Look in the mirror honey, it's not a pretty picture. No, I don't hate her. I hate him though. I hate him. I don't hate. I can't think of anybody I hate besides him. Nobody. Well, maybe Peter Leonard, but other than that, no, I don't hate him. I do need just pathetic. But this guy is despicable. See, there we go. He said, speaking again, you're that. You're a safe speaker. He said despicable. We heard it. You're not full of anybody. It's another suburbable message. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Yes, sir. First of all, if I want to vote no, I'm in stadium. Uh-huh. Secondly, that column that lived in the Robb Kim Road was terrific. Yes, it was. And they're sure, so when you get a toilet, there's a column there that you have to read. Because you know, two men exposed one for president, the vice president from the state. Okay, fine. Oh, God. Five, six, seven, five, 60, pound five. We're not talking about president and vice president. We're not talking about that. Dick who lives in Texas, but pretend he lives somewhere else. Get with it. Will you? Let it go. Turn it loose. It's over. And president, cool, Jane Fielan so good. Need his president hearting. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. All right. Okay. Don't live in, I just move actually out of date. I'm moved to plantate. Congratulations, sir. Oh, thank you. But, you know, it bothers me just the same. I live in day counting most of my life. I mean, you know, it's frustrating. What are we, or what are they now? What are people supposed to do? What can they do? I mean, besides. What they ought to be doing is baraging the commissioners, the Metro commissioners, and also the city of Miami commissioners with phone calls and emails and telegrams and saying, no way, Jose, don't try to pull this crap out over on us. You're not pulling us. It just seems like nothing work anymore. They just do whatever they want. And, you know, the one thing that we were told was, you know, well, on a lesson day, that's when you got to get out of your ass and let your voice be heard. And more, more than what was I just saying on Friday about how the fact George Bush isn't the one that put this over on the public. He's not the one that would John Henry, because they already built him his dating before he sold a thing in Texas. But that's beside the point. Right, your little. But the fact is that the people right here, and they keep putting the same Joe Carroyos back in there and, uh, Alex Pintpinga, Picania, the same crux that keep putting back in it over and over again. So, right. So, while what they're complaining about? Right. And even if they want to talk about, you know, George Bush, the reality is that it's our local crux, the whole Pint facilitates. That's correct. That's correct. That's totally correct. Without this come bags, that we put in locally, the national picture doesn't happen the way it is. Absolutely right. Uh, you know, hopefully people do what you said. I think a lot of people just don't know what you do. Well, I think they're going to do. I don't think they're going to do a goddamn thing. I don't think they're going to list of finger. Uh, well. I've been here too long. I've been here 25 years and I've watched them pull it over on the public here time after time with a metro rail. You name it. In fact, at one that the feeding that Pinti sales tax that Pino is trying to put over on the public allow you're going to lie. That's the first time in Russia and any memory that I have, that they finally, uh, you know, had the backbone to stand up and say, no. Well, I think unfortunately people are just beating down and they just, uh, that's just an excuse. That's just an excuse. That's just an excuse. Well, they're not beaten down. It's just they don't give a crap. They don't care whether they're kids are going to quance and huts or if they have textbooks to bring home or if they have computers that they can use it, you know, they don't care about that. All of all, all those other stuff in the talk about education. Just like I said during the presidential campaign, it's all window dressing. America doesn't care about those things. All they care, the priorities in this country are going to be the ruination of it. Well, unfortunately, you might be right. I think that's good luck to us. Okay, see. The decline and fall of the American Empire, you're seeing it right now right in front of you. I don't say Empire said Empire. All of this book crap about ball games, bog. I mean, I realize this is the sports nerd stations. I probably not a great idea to say it, but I'll say it anyway. Ball games are like part cheesy. They're like monopoly. They're like, uh, tidly wings. They're like badminton. That, you know, it's like a little tiny, very relatively unimportant part of life. A lot of money there because a lot of stupid people continue subsidizing it. Plus me. Yeah, right. And I know that I'm. That's so weak. Correct. I got my thumb right on it. But when, when, when fibrilless pastimes become more important than, then, uh, then the safety of your kids, for example, or they're the kind of education they're getting or the kind of mentality, I mean, take a look at this last election. And the comments that we got here day after day, week after week, month after month. People would know people would know where to stick it back to. If somebody held it in their hand for them and punched it, I'm not just talking about the ballot. But we got to have more bargains. We got to keep subsidizing billionaires. That's what we got to keep doing. This picture here, I'm going to save this one. I'm cutting this out and I'm saving it. Tour the biggest losers in the history of my life. Alex Pinguapakena and that little Weasel John Henry. Look at that. Did you see this picture? Look at him. It's really nauseate. If you look up the word shrump or in the great dictionary, you'll see his picture right next to it. This is five, sixy, UAF. The Neil Roger show sports radio, five, sixy, two, a half. Gordon did staff Florida a major blow job. In researchers' statement Siegelются Paper looks cool. The viewers is cool. The Minnesota is cool. Over workers are cool. Oh, that's wrong. I'm gonna be a little bit scared of you. I'm gonna be a little bit scared of you. I'm gonna be a little bit scared of you. I'm gonna be a little bit scared of you. I hope I wanted to put in some part of me to play that today. I got a book here called IBS Relief, which don't ask me who wrote it. It's none of your business. I got several books about IBS, Irritable Ball. It says one substance that can trigger irritable ball systems is a silver towel, which may cause diarrhea. Sober towel is found in a variety of fruits and plantas. Use a low calorie sweetener. It's not well digested, which makes it a good low calorie sweetener, but the same property may produce symptoms of indigestion, such as gas, bloating, diarrhea, and abdominal pain. Common foods containing significant amounts of silver towel and food peaches, apples juice, pears, sugarless gum, and diatetic jams and diatetic chocolate. Another diatetic constituent that may cause irritable ball systems, as symptoms is a less-dra, a new calorie free fat substitute made from vegetable oils and sugar. A less-dra doesn't provide any calories because it's not digested or absorb-like silver towel. It may cause consumers of the product-reference-digest symptoms of gas, bloating, diarrhea, and abdominal pain. How do you like that? The silver towel part is the most important part to me, because I don't eat a less-dra, but silver towel. You know, to stir with that. All those diatetic candies and all other stuff loaded with maltetol and silver towel, anything that ends in oil, they'll just stir your guts out. And like a sharp run, the two of your guts are too untopper. 86 people have voted on our poll so far on yourwatchers.com. Do you support the new stadium deal in Miami for the Marlins? 68, no? 18, yes. That comes out to 79 percent, no? 21 percent, yes. Mr. Henry. Not that he cares. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Yes, now. You keep playing that one thing about it. Must be crazy. I must be not. Yeah. I wish you had one that he would decorca. He said that he would build it with his own money if he had to. Right. Because there's a line. Oh, yeah. That was just another line. Don't you remember when he said, well, if we build it would have to only be a 25,000-seat stadium and we couldn't compete. So why even bother doing it? Yeah. That was just another freaking line. Yeah. Look, I can't even like everything out of his mouth and the other two y'all who's down in the south. Right. The one thing that bothers me though is much as they say this is going to be date money and it's going to affect date. We live in this crazy state. Somehow it's going to come out of your pocket in my pocket. Of course. I can tell you not just some hours. The state legislature will provide a rebate of state sales tax money. Estimated $122 million. And that's day wide. Right. If it's everybody up in Devau or will we or any place else should be upset about that? Right. At least that's a one-time hit but as opposed to the people in date, we're going to have to pay the upkeep on this turkey forever. Never just like on the Amikiris in Arena. The 40 years now when the team leaves and they have to build it will be like the other stadium that's going to sit down there. That's right. There's a net of egg. That's there was a paid for it. Yeah. My name is arena right. There's a better picture in the paper today to really make sure one dropped in this paper. There's one up Corroyo, Penelis, and Henry together. Yeah, I see it. You just want to move it. You're the paper away. Well, have a good one. Okay. Joe Corroyo, Mayor Pinguapakania, and John Henry, a match made in purgatory. I must be crazy. I must be not. Perfect match. And by the way, keep in mind the city of Miami also comes up with money here. They would contribute revenues from their parking surcharge worth $26 million. This is the bankrupt city of Miami. The city that has no money. The city that the state almost had it well like within two minutes of coming in and taking over the city. Because their finances are so suspect that bet and they don't have two nickels to rub the bank. That's heavy. Here's our good, the friend. Hello? Yes. How are you? Okay. Happy to have you. Happy Chinooka. Happy Chinooka. At Thursday night, July to 1st candle. No, not me. Not you. Well, off of bed. No. Yeah. But people looking for a hobby. Nails. Yes, ma'am. I got sick because we didn't win. You know what? We didn't win one. No, not the second. Look at that. Look at that. It's not worth it. No, go. Yeah, don't worry about it. No. Another glacier cup. Don't worry about him. I was in the hospital. For one. Tuesday, I went from Miami to physical and they on the EKJG. They showed the fluctuation of the hospital. They had to go in immediately. So I was in for four days. But I'm home now. And what was it? And not there. It's not at the home. And I was a jet taking care of me. The nurse comes and they give me a shower and the therapist for a month. Yeah. And what did they tell you was wrong? Well, I don't know. They took an echo. They don't tell you. They don't tell you. You're okay to go home. Well, sir, I haven't only got to put insurance, right? Well, they're vaping insurance. Yeah. I don't have to go to doctor Friday just to check out. Well, let me give you one piece of advice when you go to the doctor. I don't know if I'm going to go to the hospital. You hear what I said? They don't take any bulls. Oh, yeah. You said it. Okay. I said, that's what I told you. Okay. You hang in there. Yeah. And be clear to deal. And have a happy. You too. Bye-bye. 560560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Let's say a prayer. Let's hope that Alex Piccab pick a pick up a cane. You go to hell immediately. Why do you hate the Cuban deep-all? That call was just exactly what you'd expect in this town. That was so perfect. That first, I think that was a setup. Nick or I would know. Oh, there you go. There was Georgia. It wasn't really a curled. You must have done a knicker round. Oh, okay. Maybe it was a Mexican. Yeah. I don't have any Mexican in this town. What's wrong? Here's Corbin and Grow. Hello. Yeah. No, Cubans don't like getting the steak. No. Anyhow, I'm just kidding. Not in Georgia's family. Well, not in my family. This is mother. This is kidding. And all the other relatives. My understanding is of what is coming out of tax code. The reason that it's not going into a vote or tax there is is because there's not going to be any new taxes from this deal. And it's going to be a good thing. You know, the second is what Dave County is contributing is a hundred million dollars from the hotel surplus fund. Yeah. And over 40 years I just want to set the record straight. And I'm not for the stadium. But the question is, a hundred million dollars over 40 years amounts to about two and a half million dollars a year. The question Dave County residents have to ask themselves, is Major League Baseball worth two and a half million dollars a year out of their hotel surplus fund. Not whether the stadium is building the dollars because it's not. And not whether it's $2508 million coming out of Dave County tax payers money. Because that's not the situation. Well, I'm not going to million dollars. Well, let me just read you one paragraph from Linda Robertson's conversation. When all are said and done, public funds. Public funds will pay for 70 percent or 266 million dollars of the project. $266 million over 40 years. Even if that was true, that number she's giving is true. And and and you're forgetting that in Seattle, the cost over once $100 million to build their stadium. So this is just based on a, you know, wishful thinking scenario. But the question is not talking billions of billions of dollars. No, there are a lot of questions like why should anybody donate the land? He wants them to donate the land for it. Why should they do that? Well, like I said, like I said, I'm not for against the state and I haven't seen the specifics of the plan. But I know it's all right there in both newspapers. Well, I haven't read the newspaper. I was in quarter or today, but I just want to narrow it down to what is actually going to be And the fans would be spending four of course those are the ones who are stupid enough to go $4 a 4% to charge and all the tickets to the games. But that's fine. Hey, that's fine. I think it's true. And that's a lot of, and the bank, and the bank of the city of Miami would contribute $2 million a year. $2 million a year. Again, the question is two million $4 million. No, no, that's the city of Miami. Right, right. The question is, what do people want to pay for keeping Major League Baseball here? I like that said. I wouldn't pay 15 cents. That's your opinion, but the calls that are saying this is called in billions of dollars. Why is it important to keep Major League Baseball here? Why? I'm not saying it is for some people. It is for some people. That's why I'm talking about this. That was a vision that downed on Miami 30 years from now. It's gone a little bit. We've been here in that. Ever since I've been here. That's the Miami hero. That's the special interest down there. If you look at the population trends, they can't build out what any more due to the Everglades and the environmentalists. Yeah. Rightfully so. And the population continues to increase at some point. They will be a regression back to the downtown urban area of Miami. No. You don't think so? I'm actually living in Brickland. I'm expecting my property to go seriously up in value the next 10, 20 years. Well, good luck to you. Okay. Well, let me 50 dollars. Okay. Let him build a stadium. Okay. Let us on Brickland. Well, excuse me. Five six seven over a Porsche LePher like this kid. Five six seven over five 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless lines. How's that pull coming? 121 votes. 80% say absolutely no, we're a deposit. What's that? No. 97 out of 121 just said no to Mayor Pinga, Picania and John Hemingau is other Graham. 24 people said yes. What's that that just walked in the door there? Looks like a pizza or something. What's that? George. Pardon? What is that? Croquies I believe it's a potato lucky. Potato pancakes. All right. Thank you very much and happy a Christmas and Chinooka deusier and Crocs and all other good things. What do I tell you, Croquies and potato pancakes? How do you like that? See now we got reason to be happy. Of course my blood sugar will go away up and my weight and my, uh, Good. That's okay. It's a special holiday. There's always next excuse in there. I'm sure you bet. You bet your sweet ass. Here's a call for more land though. Hello. Hi Neil. Yes sir. Long time no call. Anyway, I'm going to try to stumble through this. Go a stumble. Got so much to say. Please, keep me on here because the last thing's going to be good. Uh, the other night I was listening to radio station and I'd gust of all places of Beesley station. Yeah. Panestique. Yeah. Some guy was talking to sound for movie. I was like Ron Bennington but he was talking about the FTC and it would Like say certain things on the air. Yeah. You know, can you imagine if Neil Rogers was the first man on the moon? He goes on. Neil Armstrong. But he would Rogers is my lover. You're powerful. You're powerful. I'm a Lionel. Yeah. But anyway, the reason I called, you're from Canada, correct? No. Oh, well. Can't I think? Well, I'm not going to say it. I'm not going to say it. Yeah. But you're always talking about censorship and how when you go abroad on TV. They show everything. There's a website and it's a Canadian website. And it downloads real planner and it's got live streams video with four women doing the news. It's called naked news.com. And it's unbelievable. There's no path forward. There's no anything. Okay. Well, I'm going to enjoy it and have a good time doing it. What the? How was he talking about? Nick and Canadians. Here's a fact from Anna who says I'm going to have an end andoscopy and colonoscopy end of the year. Two way of putting that, the end of the year. And I've been putting it off for several years due to fear. I'm going under general anesthesia due to multiple narcotic use. What does that mean? Multiple narcotic use of junkie. Many people said there's some discomfort due to gas in it. After the procedure, would you briefly tell me how you felt? Well, briefly. That's it. No, seriously. That is true because they when they do the colonoscopy, they stick this tube up your the hose up your ear. You give it a hose job and they push air up in there to like really clean everything out. Even though you've already done your part. So then after they finish and you come to and you have not believed me. The procedure is totally painless and I have no fear. You lay there. You don't know anything happened. You don't even know what they were doing up in there or what they put in there. But then he writes. And you're all done in your lion there and you just hope that they don't come anywhere near you. Because they tell you ahead of time don't worry about it just just let it all out. Because you're going to be loaded with gas and you just lay there and you're like, Oh, and the bed part is you have to worry about it smelling because there's nothing in there anymore. Huh? So at least you don't have to be too embarrassed and you try to do it as, No, it is quietly. Yeah, like that is possible. Yeah. So don't worry about it and then good luck to you in happy holidays, et cetera. 560 50 50 50 50 50 60 on a AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. The decision so far very, very strongly against your plan Mr. Pingu Piccania. And I'd like to ask you one thing George, how come you don't like to be Cuban people? This is 560 2AL for 3.050 WKM Miami for Loderdale. A B-Series for gas groups they should have WKM.com or the world. I like the Wii Wii. In 1611 the Bible was translated from Latin into the King James Bible and now, well over three centuries later, books on tape presents the King James found Bible. James, with like the book of Genesis. Isn't it? That there be a book. The story of Moses and the burning books. And that's all of that. I am a happy man, funny man. There's a new testament to the lander's grave from the dead. James, things from the book of Matthew. Hey, John, John, John. And of course, the book of James. All the most beloved Bible stories as only James could tell them. A bit train over by Jesus. Come on, just a little bit. And of course, the resurrection. Oh, no one knows more about judgment day than the godfather of souls. And so James also sings of the famous plain. Oh, it was a whole lot. What King James found Bible? Okay, we'll make you do a shed Miguel. We've got the potato lockers here up the old year, your logo. Thanks to corkies, corkies located at 60, 671 northwest, 100th place, corner of palm and your johnson in Pembroke, Plums of center where 80 billion potato pancakes with apple sauce and sard cream and they are delicious. George took about what 70 80 of them in there and working on him. 5, 6, 70, 50 50 get everything straight now with Greg as he okay now. 5, just straight in him out. Okay, punch him in a nose a couple of times and straighten him out. Bring him back to reality. That's what he needs. Getting sick and tired of his attitude. Here's Miami. Hello. Cuba later. Yeah. Oh, that was it. Okay, good one. 5, 6, 70, 50, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Yeah, that's why I pretend that I like Miguel because I have, you know, I've got to like some Cuban. Why the hell? Might as well be him. That of course is always George. Here is a Candale Lake. Tell him. Okay, for a Cubanator. Yeah, I always had my tax money going up now. I have to support this bad booze all the stadium that's going to be built. I'll throw it up. Just one more stadium. That's all we want. Just one more. Yeah, just one more. I think the people in power should be timely and changed the name of the Miami Dawkins to the Florida Dawkins. They're headquarters is up in Davy. Yeah, that's true. A good point. Yeah. I'm about to grow a dolphin. That's right. A good hour. A good hour. Found a good. The Florida Dawkins. Hello, Neil. Yeah, I'm listening. Okay, I got another point. This mayor, Pennyworth. He says, I don't know what he's doing. That, you know, half the people down here. Even though the Columbia Probe is in the car, they don't like baseball. Think about it. Just soccer fans. Yeah. What do we got to do? But it's obvious nobody likes baseball. They have a 15,000. It was 28th of the 30 teams immediately baseball attendance. And don't give me a song to dance that was because of the rain. Because there is just as much rain that the other drew through the people. The first year that they were here. There is no market for baseball here. I mean, there's four fapillars. What's the other thing? Plus it's just summertime. Sprout when all snowboards are gone when a 50% of population is nearing here anymore. Right. They call them. They thought like they thought. They said that. Well, you got against Colombians. They probably not given me any good stuff. 560, 505, 60, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in South Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes sir. Listen, in another Sunday, ladies are called. Okay. First week's lockdown roads. You've built your city. You want to say your own farm policy. Okay. And what other city has two extra control power in the same place. And two basketball leaders are next to each other. You know, Neil, keep up the fight and that means to her. Well, why would you? Why would you? Sir. Goodbye. Why would you dignify her with an answer other than the spear anti-cuban venom? If Palak's ping-a-pakini was Colombian, which is guy we were just talking about, if he was from the moon, we're making difference to me. I don't care if he's Cuban or not. He's just an asshole. He's an divisive obnoxious piece of crap. And a crook. Here's enemy number one in this town. And in this state. Public enemy number one. Mayor Pinga Pakini. Make no mistake about it. Here's a mobile and color red. Hello. Hi. How you doing Neil? Okay. I got two points to make. One is about to handle the Neil. I must be in the minority because I'm all four of baseball stadiums. And I feel if they don't spend that money on that, they're going to piss away somewhere else. What do you mean like on schools and about things like that? Yeah. Unfortunately. But my point about the Harold, did you see the front gate? Oh, what is that? What does that mean? They're going to piss away somewhere else. Like they're on important things to spend your money on? Did you see the front gate? The sport fiction. Sir, why won't I go about it? Why won't I go into the question? Well, I know about the stupid article about Spale because the people are right about hockey. Only right what they tell them the right. We're just repeating, or that's a little lose. Why don't you go, Yokeman? What? Was that a picture of O'Yokeman? I don't know. I don't know. I don't think it's in the picture. Well, let me tell you. Anyway, I don't think a lot of you talk. Of course not because you don't want to defend your idiotic comment. You won't answer my question. Let me take a look at the picture. And I'll tell you if it's O'Yokeman. And first of all, you took by the number 12 and 24, although there's a two and both of them. They don't look exactly alike. Where the hell is that picture? Which paper is that in? I can't. I can't promise. God damn it. I got this. I got this. What's next? It's all torn up because I got the articles about the stadium. Which who the hell cares if they made a mistake on who's in the picture? Where did it was fit right in? Here's the picture. Okay, let me take a look. Yeah, that's O'Yokeman and you're right. Yeah, good point. Like I said, good call. Robert Spaila helped spark the panther's research and then you're right. It's picture O'Yokeman. Very good, sir. Which paper is that? Oh, it's the hero. Not another major mistake in the hero. Oh, geez. How embarrassing. Of course, they're beyond embarrassment. They ought to be used to it by now. They can't get anything right. What a bunch of polosos. He would have to get his diploma, although I will say Linda Robertson and I'm going to Michael Neill also and I'm going to the Sun Channel. Two good columns tell you exactly why that last guy was full of crap. Oh, yeah, we've. Oh, it's bigger than I'm looking at him. It must be psychic. Here's Mike Neill right now. He's called to apologize to the name Albert Sting. Thank you. Okay. I just wanted to clarify a couple of financial things because now there's going to be a lot of numbers on the people are going to get all confused because that's what the public is. Okay, just now, Nelson, can we get this out of the way before you do that? What? Is thisology? Yeah, just say real quick. I mean, even if you don't mean it to say it. I'm sorry. Okay, I'm sorry. That's it. Okay, move on. I've talked with David. I've been staying with him. He's making a lot more money. Good, good for him. There's a lot of my two, aren't you? Yeah. So here's the deal. Okay, so this stadium is a letter we're going to cost $385 million. But what happens is when you build a new stadium, you got to go to the bond market and what they're going to do is go to the bond market and raise $385 million. Conned day funds. In order to pay off those bonds over the long term, it's going to cost a lot more public closer to about $1.4 billion. Oh, hey. And what they're going to do is basically you have to pledge where you're getting your sources to repay the bond. And what's going to happen is it's going to cost about 30 to 35 million dollars a year. Now, the bottom line is of this 30 to 35 million dollars a year. The mom say they're going to put in $6 million a year. But in actuality, it's only about half that because the county is going to give them $3 million a year for the name. From the name. Right. So basically the team's only going to put in about 10 percent of the money that they need every year to repay the bond. Which means the public is going to pay about 90 percent from various sources, including the sales tax, which didn't come from our own estate. And the clarify what they want to do is use a law and get the legislature to allow it to be used. Where it basically everything that gets generated in this new stadium, the sales tax that would normally go to the townhouse, and the general estate fund would instead go to paying off the stadium. They rest in the middle would be $7 million a year. So it's not actually people who claim sales tax and briar or in the house. None of their money would be gone from a state of state. Yeah, but stop thinking about this from the standpoint of any other private business man. Not only would they like a restaurant guy. Not only would they build a restaurant, but they also the sales tax that you ordinarily would have to pay. They'll just give it back to them. The bill is restaurant. Well, I mean, that's why I'm totally opposed to this. But let me just spell it out. And then so that's that the account not seven million a year from that in six point five million from the ticket surcharge was a comment from the fans, which you know that basically that would be a unfair tax because the people who are using the facility are being tax tax for it. And then you've got that you know parking surcharge, which is coming from the city of Miami, which actually has to be approved by the city. And then you've got, and then you know you've got this whole thing about where you know the tax is restaurant. And the hotel tours taxes, which is you know from that convention, does that. Right. And so that's basically those funds of earmarks for for projects that benefit tourism. And the meaning thing is when you study how many people out of baseball game are tourists from out of town. I agree. It's probably less than probably 2% or less. Yeah. But I don't know how much this is stimulate tourism. But I for that to be able to use these funds for a baseball stadium, they might have a little tight from the hotel and the convention bureau, but we'll see about that. But the problem is the team is going to put up about 10% of the money. And and based on the the revenues and the way the profit share is going to go, they're going to get about 90 to 90% of 90 to 95% of the profit from the stadium. That's a pretty good deal. Yeah. I like how you feel like that just once. And it's not a very good deal for the public. And of course, you know, if I live in Miami, that'd be furious about this, especially because it's never going to be put to a vote of a public. It's a typical underground view. Yeah. And you know, it's been a pretty bad autumn for democracy, especially down in Miami. Well, like you, I live in Broward. So I'm doing car wheels right next to you. Yeah. We'll just have to draw a little bit and we'll spend a little extra money on gas. Like I said, like I said, you'll have to drive a little bit further. And you'll have to spend a little more money on gas. I have to go this is my job. I know. I have to go out of people from up north. I'm going to be making the traffic in that time. I mean, but, you know, John Henry's cop and said this is another time based on it. And I'm not going to mention the fact that this is all supposed to begin 2004 or two years after what's going to be a disaster strike for baseball. Yeah. And the other thing is, you know, now that playing with payrolls and I said, we're going to be able to afford a 70 million dollar payroll. Once we get the stadium. Well, okay. But by that point, the Yankee, you're going to have about a 200 million dollar payroll. So you're still not going to be able to compete. I mean, the whole sport, until baseball gets its house in order and gets itself fixed. What's the point? And, you know, good luck to my young, good, welcome to have them. I guess, if there are anybody deserving show that they get some more. It's a man's garden heaven. You got it. Okay, my happy Chinooka. Bye bye. 10 past 11 at five, six, and WCM. That's Mike Mayu who apologized that they've helped understand kind of a half-assed. What if he didn't nonetheless, and he said he got a lot of money. He don't need my help. Yeah, right on target. Good columns by Mike Mayu and Linda Robertson in both those papers today, which they spell out for you very clearly what a scan this is. How it's not going to work. How the public is going to get raped once again. And like Mike just said, what's the point? What is the point of building it? When by that time, the salary thing is going to be so spiral out of control in addition to which who's going to care about baseball anymore after one gigantic strike that's going to make the last one look like child play. You know, it sure will be an interesting landscape having a you know empty building empty arena over here empty stadium. What is another one here? A couple blocks away here's another one. We need a panter's used to play here. We'll make them into God in museums. It's 11 after 11 at five, 60 WCM. The first step of any journey is by far the most important step. Today we take that first step in securing the future of baseball in South Florida for at least the next 40 years. The marlins are a community asset. Who now will surely become an enduring and clear symbol of our region's vitality and greatness. Oh, man, am I blown away by that or what? Well you've fought back. Yeah, that's what we like to ask you, John Henry. That must have been a reason. Just blown it right out your ass. 560, 5060, pound five 60 on the 18 team for lands and wildest one. Pretty a listless crowd we got here today. Listless group. And that like I said before, that's why they get to what they deserve because they're listless. They say back and you got people like that first bitch. Might need to kill them people so much. I bet it and you are. That's for you, honey. No, I'm sure charge. Here's call spring. So, okay. Couple of things. First of all, this guy pinged a pecania. The reason that he's doing this is because he knows his political career is over. Yeah. After this thing with the recent election, there's no way he could ever get elected as a Democrat and Republicans wouldn't have it. The other things, the detail that everybody's missing out on this is that if you look at the numbers, they're talking about building the stadium for $385 million. If you look at the type of stadium that they're building, the reality is, there is no way on God's green earth that they're going to be able to build what they want or what they say. They want to build for $385 million. So what's going to happen? There's going to be cost overruns. Who's going to have to pick up the cost overruns? In Milwaukee, in San Diego, they're building new stadiums now, in Pittsburgh. All of those, who do you think have to pick up the cost overruns? You got it, the taxpayer. Right. There is not enough KY jelly on the planet to get this deal to go through. And the only other thing that I want would like to say in closing is in 94, it's Leslie Gore. Okay. Take care. That's, she said it's her party. And she'll cry and she'll show one of she wants to. Okay. Thanks. 11 17 and 560 WKM. We got headgoer because Juli State 2 and 2. We got Josh 06 to 630 because we got a big end tonight, baby. He has smell at pressure. Pants of preview with 630. Pants are at the range of 7 o'clock tonight. And then you got on Waxy, her cool warm up eastern Illinois at the Heracunes at the Miami Arena. The old Miami Arena, the one that's usually empty. And probably will be tonight too. Anybody got to go see Eastern Illinois, play the Heracunes in basketball? No. I'm going to be looking at great interest to see the attendance for that game, tomorrow morning in the papers. That game pregame 715 game time 730 on Waxy 790 with a great mark and a mirror. But Ramset the Buckiners isn't now finally. We got a good Monday at football. We've been a few of this year, several matters. But this is a real good one. Ramset the Buckiners. Join in progress. Right after the Panthers and the Rangers. And Robert Spail is going to be playing tonight. Described as only Okina just to piss off Terry Murray. Here's South Miami. Hello. Hello, New York. Yes sir. How you doing? Great. Good. You know, things are going to get much worse than that. You're going to get better. I'm going to get better. I'm going to get better. I'm going to get better. I'm going to get better. I'm going to get better. Do you remember when I talked about Panthers becoming a Republican? Do you know what that was all about? Do I know what it was all about? Yeah. He was in powerhouse. Yeah. That's all news. That's going to happen. There's going to be a strong layer. He's going to be able to run again. He'll run against this guy, Lockster, who's the Republican congressman. He's a Republican. He's a Republican. Well, what do you say? Wait a minute. What happens is to make which party what they call themselves. It's a fighting process. You've already got the same bow. What happens is to make what party affiliation they claim. I guess you got to the right and then to the right of the tele the hunt. Yeah. It's not quite as the right or the left. It's called Cooks. Cooks. Cooks. You're more cooks conservative. Cooks that's all we've ever had in the county. Doesn't look like a cook. Whether it's Barry Schreiber or Joe Guston or Joe Caroile. It doesn't make any of it. They're black. If they're white of their Hispanic or their Jewish, I'll be having his crooks. It's a renewed triangle comes right down to see highway. You got it. You got it. See, I see on the Metro Rail. 5605 on the New Leg. Yeah. 560560 pound 560 on the eight. This business of Democrats and Republicans in the state of Florida. Please get in the home. Me. And just like that jackass to call, oh Bobby Butterworth for Governor of 92 against you. Yeah. That's your turn to me on. Just like Jim Novelers and other real good Democrats and four Laterdans. Fanatical hateful piece of crap. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Are you doing the old? Great. I think we should build a theme because I think it's essential to this area. I mean, you're from an area where everything that you know or your town, everything that has to revolve around the theater and sports. You know, I know you like that guy from Chicago Curbs. The announcer, all that stuff revolves around these types of buildings. And the only way for that to keep going is to build these buildings. I mean, it's just a cultural thing that we should do for the general. Let me ask you something. How long had the Marlins been here? And how did this town survive before they got here? Autorism. But this is an autorism telling or this is where people want to live. Not a tourist town. What's the number one industry here? Autorism. 560, 750, 50, 50, 50. He's all four. He lives in Hollywood. Yeah. He's a shmuck. Yeah. Basically, this is the brainwashing of the public. Baseball is essential to the, yeah. And then they goes back to that world class. Anything you're going to mean? This is a joke. This is a bush lake freaking down. So it's like a contest. How many more big venues can we have with nobody in them? That's the contest. At the end of the year, Who's going to have the most empty seats? And of course, this is only going to be a 40,000 seat stadium. They want to play a safe. So it might look pretty good with, you know, 18, 20,000 people in it. At least it'll look half empty depending on how your glass is tilted. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T. And Verizon works. And don't worry about it by the way, Alex and John, and we don't worry about it. These people aren't with that. They couldn't care less. It doesn't involve ethnic hate. So they don't care. Believe me. Here's a mobile and four-laterdale. Hello. Yeah, no. Yes, sir. What's up, off? How are you doing? Okay. I got an idea for this whole situation. What we do is we put the casino. You see, you're legal, I have to see a legal gambling. Hold your breath. It'll pay for itself. Yeah. You don't understand? Am I wrong? What does that mean? What do you mean? You can't legalize gambling. You're a Florida sir. I know. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50. 560. 560, how is it possible that there are so many dumb people in one place? How is it possible? Gravity. I think you're missing the gravity of the situation, Mr. The opposite of the gravity. 560, there ain't no gravity with this. Now with this crowd. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 60, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. And this is my last shot at it. Otherwise, like I said, I mean, the ratings are over until New Year. And the ratings hit back and play a bunch of crap. These people got up in the safe. The dials up a couple hundred points. The electors are doing their electons. And how about the NASDAQ? Not doing too well within NASDAQ. And according, down 40, down or down 40 cents. You know something CNN, you make me sick to my stomach. Can I look at it at CNBC down 4 dollars and 10 cents? See, CNN can't even get their goddamn graphics right on there. Here's a mobile and pepper pines, hello. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, on the AT&T line. As the hits just keep on coming, baby. The hits just keep on coming. That's what Fredo said. Here's Molly Wood, hello. Yeah. Hello? Yes. The guy was calling about the camera. That's real smart. Yeah. I'm telling you. What would Van der Runae and Schmuckes? I don't know any playwoods monkey too. Playwoods monkey. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50, 60, on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Do we have anybody with that Q bigger than their monkey than it? Oh. I mean, when Michael Mayo is the best call of the RSO, far what is that? That's petty. Don't take it personal, Mike. But you know, we know why you're in newspaper business. Here's Kendall. Hello. Good morning, you. Yes sir. Listen. Why don't they just move the monitor to the popular majority of state and middle saved the poll of money? And it's 670, 560, pound 560, on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a mobile and more gate. Hello. How stupid could they be? They got a build another stadium down there in the city of Miami. Is anybody who looked at that new stadium that built for the heat? Maybe how many people they put in there? You're a big game. The packet of men are head of least behind for the last game. Yeah. If you watch TV, watch those games, which I don't. I was a 78,000. That's all they're given. Yes. Well, I guess that's pretty much the same with our Panthers too. But that's another story for another day. I don't know. It's not another story. It's part of the same story. It's crazy. It's all crazy. That salaries, the paying a dime more than a damn franchise is for it. They thought I don't understand it. We can't relate to it. Yeah. That's right. That's part of the power. Unless and less people are going to go. And hopefully one day they'll all go away and restructure. And like I said, if we had loads of money for all the other things that are really important, like schools and education and books and highways and all the things that are really have to do with everyday life. And there should be important. Then there will be no problem. Okay, we've got a lot of, we've got the luxury we've had in too much money around, but unfortunately we don't have that. Well, they've taken it away from us. When we were kids, you used to go home and watch the world series right after school. Have you ever seen a world series game in the afternoon? Not anymore, because it's all about money. They've got to get the only thing you can get to ratings and sell those eight billion dollar commercials that have to have it on a plan time. That's good. You got 30. But again, they keep shooting themselves in the feet because just like the playoffs this last year in these world series games, they keep getting later and later. And everybody's there including little kids who they want to watch, you know, make them future fed. They're all sleep by the time the games in the fifth inning already. Yeah, I don't know too many kids. They have played too much baseball anymore. They all have hockey at the end of the garage. There you go. All right, Neil. Have a great life pal. Just two short pasts. Like a bad kidney stone, it'll pass. Five, six, seven, five, six. You good potato pancakes from corkies. Happy, uh, Chuck. What do you want to do at bay is it started? Thursday? Twenty first? Yes. The first night of Hanukkah. Just be sure like those candles and see the Jews know how they would eight times better than the Graham. They give eight great gifts. Christ they're like little, you know, Chuck's. I'm opening up a Jewish special Easter. It's going to be called. Chuck's for Getskies. Yeah. Right next to the Vatican. I'm going to open a place next door called Toyum for Golyum. Golyum, are us. Twenty six past eleven at five, 60. You have to forget tomorrow night big night at the pizza law. We'll have the best meal CDs and cassette and t-shirts and those free buttons. Not keychain, those free, uh, meal buttons that are, you got to see him to believe me. They're free. And even some of those stupid picture cards. The meal Roger show. Sports radio. Five, sixty. Two, eight, half. So what our meeting meant to play before was. No, that wasn't a... Can you believe it? It's like a conspiracy. One more time? What is that? I don't know. That's why keep letting it go. He can't come to the table. Dinner's ready. All right. Oh, Lester! Survele, Lester. And your house and bring the family on the run. O Lester makes any meal better. Use it on your meatloaf. Melt it over chicken. Smirried on bread for school lunches. And use it to spice up your four alarm jelly. O Lester, next to the peptoe Bismullin, your supermarkets. O Lester. Taste great. Lesterly. Well, our meeting meant to play was. The little box of new potatoes just because they got any fat. But now we're after I did in the Johnna set. I knew they had some side of sticks. But I call it a treat of chance. But right after I swallowed them, I felt my colon dance. A O Lester, my valvegy, and your seas. Now I mean, the Kanna's got me with my pets around my meat. A O Lester, now I'm afraid to sneeze. Because I might think of something disgusting running down my meat. So I should have seen that morning that they put on the bag. And I should have been suspicious when the clerk gave me your bag. So with the wisdom, don't be surprised if your belly hurts. And in about an hour you'll have the O Lester scores. A O Lester, my valvegy, and disease. So I mean, the Kanna's got me with my pets around my meat. No, they are all lester, now I'm afraid to sneeze. Because I might feel something disgusting running down my meat. One of the very two for you, I'd be asking good stuff. Or isn't just other people who have general risk comforts after meeting while the crap that's petal nowadays, like that's silver tall stuff. Anyway, great to have protected pancakes from cookies. We've taken them again for a few. I've had about 40, 50 so far and just getting grown as a matter of fact. Yeah, I was thinking during the break. Thank God we've had like a lot of good on us Jewish politicians here like Donald Worsha. And Scott Cowan and Joe Gryston and very Schriver. No, it's good. It's good. It's good. It just goes on and on and on. We've got so we have here. It's crooks. So it's these trans-in-feeves. That's what we got here in South Florida. And of course, what was his name that they kept putting back the in sunrise, Medron, Lamello, Reston pieces. Yeah. And Mal Martinez, who never met a jail and he liked to fruit too long. All the leaky beats, the crap out of his little kids when they get out of control in the states. Nice going, Errao. He wouldn't bite you fault. In fact, that's probably what you'll find Mayor Pinga Picano doing after you get out of office when his attorney's parents eating Rao. Oh yeah, those two are real tight. Not. Here's a mobile and bokeh, hello. Hey, what's happening? How you doing, sir? Hi, I'm Array. You know, I get accused of having family a lot of being a pessimist. But when I watch ridiculous deals happen, that in no arena of any kind of common sense, should ever happen. And people just have a general mistrust of politicians and mistrust of law enforcement and everything. It's a goddamn sad place, man. It just scares the hell out of me. But you know what? It's still better than the Bahamas. Yeah, that's true. Anywhere is better in the Bahamas. I was over in the Bahamas doing work last week for my company. Yeah, I'm not. And because I was talking to the wrong guy in a square who approached me, yeah, I was searched by the behavior police in the end room in freeport. Uh-huh. And of course they'd find things because I didn't have anything. But I come back over here to all the bad news, which I'm not even going to talk about. It doesn't even merit talking about. And it's just, uh, did you say, Mayor, Mayor Steehran? Yeah, there's another one. I wish I was dead, man. Okay. I'll see you later. There you go, a little optimism from the holiday. I wish I was dead. That was great. I think you should play that for him as an artifact. In fact, he probably was in the Bahamas who was probably thinking that. Yeah, I'm fine. I wish I was dead. Here's Fort Pierce, hello. Yeah, and one of these possibilities of the free land that they're looking for as I'm sure you know is the land around Miami Arena, time for term. Oh, I know that's in the paper. Well, could they just build the stadium around the Miami Arena? Yeah, they're just going to build it around it. They're going to leave that in the middle. It's going to be home played and the pitcher's mound. And for a second and third base, any outfield. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. I think I'm just going to roll back to all requests through the holidays. Don't you? Because they don't do it. They don't care about this. I was like bitterly offended in psychotic and yeah. Just by seeing that little prick on the newspaper. And the mayor too. Oh no, that's when I was talking about Mayor Pinka Piccadillo. Oh, brother. And you wonder? You Cubans out there, you wonder? And luckily I just got through Santa. I'm not saying only Cubans are the only crooked politicians because it's the Jews in the blacks in the year. They just are one of the milk-goye. Everybody in South Florida, I'm still in the related. They turned out to be a crook. Not everybody just most everybody. But the fact is that this guy has made himself like, you know, he sucked up so much in that the January or business that now he's like, you know, the representative that's really represents to a lot of people. And so that banana Republican, especially on the heels of the school, test fixed the license we just went through, here's another deal behind closed doors. Here's a mobile and West Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, I'm the only doctor. I'm doing okay. Hey, what was that guy doing in the Bahamas with George Michael in the... Yeah. Yeah. Michael's in the bathroom. No, I think it was drug he was talking about. Oh, okay. Hey, you know, these people are so stupid. I mean, I grew up Miami. I no longer live there. Thank God. We'll see you tomorrow for pizza by the way. But, you know, we have a perfectly run-down good stadium name Bobby McGrow. Yeah. Which would probably cost six or seven million a re-habilitate. Forget about it. Plenty of space, plenty of parking space available. Yeah. And they're never doing it. And what's wrong with these people? Okay. Well, you get the idea. See you tomorrow. Bobby McGrow Stadium. Five, six, seven, five, six, six. Some are sunny hursures, chuckling to himself right now. I mean, I don't really believe he is, but didn't figuratively speaking. Listen to those comments about Bobby McGrow Stadium. Where is the a baby O's when we need them? The May the old May and the Marlins. Here's a mobile and west Palm Beach, hello. Good morning, Neil. Yes, sir. Hey, don't. Okay. Good. That goodness, like you, I got out of date town. We moved up the browser and we moved up the west Palm Beach. But I just wanted to say some about the schools and the money. I think I would say that he had 25 kids per school per classroom. Up the Palm Beach, we have like 35 to 40. And I spend about a hundred to two hundred dollars a year just on school. Supposed like glue and paper thousand stuff. You know, what happened with the, I mean, forget the stadiums and stuff. But the lottery money for the schools. You know, and how far kid dealt? Yeah. I understand that the secretary of Bush is using that lottery money for make up. Yeah, I mean, we have to pay for glue. Yeah. That paper and scissors. Okay. I mean, and well, let's see if we're in populist enlargement. They talk in wood games some of them, but they don't really care about education or about their kids or about any of these things. They talk in wood game when it's convenient, whether it's election time. But the western time, all they care about is their hobbies, their pastimes. You know, it's crap. That's all I care about is crap. Things that are important are, are no longer important to people. Absolutely. I mean, if you look at it, a good teacher's making 30, 40 grand a year. And they pay this one ball player 250 million. Yeah, 250 million for 10, 25 million a year. And here's somebody's a put on a job segment. There's no turn out. Yeah. You know, it's ridiculous. All right. Okay. Good luck to us sir. The American Society is running you all on the crap. Or we just had a fixed election. Oh, I'm really excited. I don't want to get into this political thing. But I will say this, Condoleezer Rice Perfect National Security Advisor. Because she, I was thinking as yesterday when I saw her on there and thinking about her comments about taking our troops out of the Balkan and had the NATO people being in their pants. She shares one trait in common with W. That's what makes her such a perfect match. The word you're looking for is clueless. That's the word. Absolutely positively clueless. The good part of it is he has been out of the country three times in his life. This is 560 QAM. Here's your chance to meet the one and only. Neo. Yeah. This is Tuesday from 6th to 9th. It beats a lot just on 595 on your versiddy price. It's a big couple of best of the year. 2,000 cities, lakes, and t-shirts are the benefit of landfaring. The best of the years, 2000. They've only played a lot this Tuesday from 4205-16 QA. It beats a Yearning rating and a rainy night.ream. Me how Wür ... Back move was a tube. Oh, I may, I just, I'm safe. Yes, maybe, do. What is different? In one way. Look, I'm his head, you find a smart, The acidic high, high day when he was the star of throne and looks at empty forms. There's a Yamakand on his throne. Oh, holy graee! 16-0, that's five, 16-WDQN. We're having a good time yet. Yeah. See, I don't really give a crap. If they want to go ahead and they want to waste your money in the day county, let him do it. I don't care. They want to make this a little tip-squeak in a way big shot for another few years until the thing just drives up. I don't care. But it's this mayor. It's this piece of direct unto legs. That's what gets me filming at the mouth. The world's biggest crook in his right-hand-day county. I'm Frosa Announce. And you put his voice on my show on here. That's it. I'm done. You put that little prick on here. Little prick rhymes with dick. Here's a mobile in Hailea. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay. I've a couple of things I want to talk to you about. You're talking about that. It got so much money to build a new stadium in Hailea. In Hailea? In Hailea? I'm sorry. Am I aiming? Yeah. Let's look at this. If we can tell you, millions of dollars to talk crap on the phone, why can't we just build a new stadium? How much is it across you to listen to this show? Doesn't talk me at Benning. Okay. Good. 560560, pound-560. And if I'm talking crap, then what do you listen for? You must like crap in that. And he's a crap liquor. 560560, pound-560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless One. And so the interesting thing since we're out hearing from all these Julios for John Henry. Now the challenge is all yours. It's all right through in your backyard. Because that's what we heard. Oh, you know, the Cubans love baseball. And the whole family has spanned. Excesses they're thinking they're going to come out and big numbers. And when Alex Fernandez pitches, they're going to be an extra 10, 20,000 people in the stand. Well, guess what? Were there an extra 10 people? No. We're on the days when Alex picks where they even an extra if you're in the stand? No. No. Not a one. See, that's always been the myth in Dave County. So now the ball is squarely in your hand, in your glove, in your met, in your breakfast. Because I got news for it. Most of the rest of the folks in South Florida are not going to be coming down there when they build that. Are they going to be driving down from Palm Beach? No. I'm most of the borrowed people going to be schlepping to downtown Miami. No. No. So it's put up your shut-up time. Anybody remember to buy me a me girl? No. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. 8 million open lines. Here's your field. Hello. Hey, Neil. How are you doing? My name is question for these idiots that want this new stadium. Basically, if the Muslims are trying to save all this money, you know, here and there, like 3 million here and there, how are they going to pay guys to get a winning team? They're not going to be able to pay Ryan Demps during a couple of years. They're not going to be able to pay AJ Burnett. No. But you see, if this deal goes true, and then they have the if come of those big luxury sweets in the sky boxes, then they're going to fork over the money. This was like blackmail again. It's the same thing wane did with the macarina. If you'll build this thing, then we'll put out some money. We'll put a representative team. Otherwise, we're going to have crap and we're just going to have to fall apart. But you still think that they're going to be able to do these young players. They still are a small market team. Like, I'm a pirates fan. For years, I watch guys like Barry Barnes, you know, get good and leave. Yeah. Bonnie, get good and leave. Yeah. These guys are going to leave. Believe me. Oh, I know. They're just like Mike Mayers said, they'll never be able to compete with the guys that have the debockets. There's no way. They're just in the kind of like broadcast revenue used one example in this market that there is in any of the real big markets. So this is the Bush League town. This is the major market. I move here from Chicago when I'm moving back. Okay. Good luck. Thank you. Take me with you. 567, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless one. Hey, I've got the pamphlets already. What the hell was the baseball shoes of me getting on me? Well, here's a mobile and a little havana. Hello. You mean, you know? Yes, sir. You know, I really care too much about this baseball stuff. I just want to talk to those people are calling them by mountaineers. I want to defend you. You know, I'm Cuban and I'll just Cuba's a client. And you badmouth them. And you badmouth the black guy. You badmouth a lot of people because it's stupid and they deserve it. So next time they call you and they tell you that you need to do the easy. You tell them to mama tell and now got a kick. Okay. What is same mama law? 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon wireless one. Well, we got the hurlios all worked out. Yeah. That's good. So tell me, don't you feel guilty taking all the money from the date County taxpayers that you do? Yeah. To talk crap on the radio. And that's what we should. We've got to start taxing your radio. Then you'll see a thing or two. You've got to put a goddamn sir tax sir and man. I hope we don't have too many of those maims. That's why we got the heavy duty mail audience so we can have that sir tax. Everybody's ready. Get paid by the minute. Here's a call in Boca. Hello. Yes sir. This business with the stadium. It has to go through the floor to legislature. Yes. As I was wondering since the election, how Jeb was going to thank Miami date. And I was hoping for legalized gambling and they sell out your breath. They sell out for a new stadium. They went cheap. Yeah. They could have it all. Okay. Whatever you say. 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and realize the wireless one. And keep in mind some of these people voted. Last election. Scare the crap out of me. Here's more. Hello. Yes sir. Well the day County mayor has to come up. Money somewhere if he has political aspirations. Because the B.M.C. isn't going to give many thing anymore. Because he's a bad standing little leasle. So I suppose he's got to take care of all the dates. Miami date millionaires and give them everything they want. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and realize the wireless line. Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello. New Hill. I was a wife. Why can't they just take all the stadiums and tear them all down and use one for everything. Just put a basketball court on it. Put some artificial poor for that. Because the teams are doing a lot the same way. Yeah. So I don't know why they have that 100,000 stadiums. I think those them all. Okay. We'll come next weekend. Love you. Okay. We're going to do some. For example when you go to the Panthers games, you look around. Most people are dosing anyway. When did that penguins going to be able to do there? No. Is Mario playing? No. No. Nobody's stuck into that either. I don't want to start getting the organization. They hate me like poised in any way. So I really don't care about that. Don't tell them that anybody call you. Mario might be playing what a penguins come with. Then I was going to be playing an academy. No. Absolutely. Positively not. I'm not saying you should come out. But he ain't going to be playing. 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T and realize the wireless line. As we struggle along here on a Monday and the holidays. How come the kid is still in school? Are they in school and borrowed? Are they in school and borrowed? Are they are in borrowed? Kind of a deal is that. Third school? In borrowers? No, no. I just said that. And in date. What went into hell? They'd get out. Next week. Next week? That's why I took it next week. Vacation. After Christmas, two New Year's. Lobby Dan. What about on Hanukkah? What? Now what we're living? Don't tell me that Thursday the kids are going to be in school on Hanukkah? Or is it Thursday night at its starts? Thursday night. So the kids are going to be in school on Friday? I don't know. They better not be. Or else the Jews will be pissed off. I couldn't care less because it's all up on your cramp. Oh, and I was we lunch yesterday at the Ammo Coast and there were a whole bunch of listeners and they're just peeing on my leg out of change. Had a change shoes four times. And George would have felt very uncomfortable in that truck as they were all Jews. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Hello, hello. Yes, sir. You know what I think? They're going to approve that bullet train. Yeah. Mysteriously voted on. Yeah. And the new stadiums going to be one of the main stops. People will be coming in from Orlando. Let's see the Marlins. Yeah. Okay. That's funny. Thanks a lot. Everybody. I was pretty funny. I was pretty funny. 5.670. 5.680. 50.560. 30. 30. And Verizon Wireless lines. And for that, it's a big call for my elevator before I ought to be charging you by the minute to be listening to the show. Okay. Just to put enough of this crap. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. You're on the, you know? Yes, sir. I have this couple of going first from against the stadium, which I don't understand why it is over $50 worth of buildings that are going to waste like the ones in home, stead and the others. And has anybody mentioned why or how they're giving way to park by Centennial Park? I thought that would happen for the people. And I, because he wants it. Yeah, but don't we have to vote on it? No. So, you have no say in it. Quickly, the politicians are going to vote. That's wonderful. All right. Thank you. Okay. You're welcome. He wants it. And the mayor says, okay. Here you go. I would just be glad to be a fly on the wall. I would just love to know how much crap passes the hands of the politicians in Dave County every single day. Oh. I'm not saying I want a piece of it. I would just like to know how much it is. Just out of curiosity, sake. All the smear jobs that go on. All the contracts that Miami International Airport. And I'll say it again. Here I'll get a real fine investigative study on that a few months ago. And he followed up and he'd say, no, what else going on? Oh, and then, and then the fox, guarding the chicken coop, then he appoints the blue ribbon panel to study what's going on over there. Yeah, that's right. That's like, that's like a 20-mile-lansky to investigate the mob. Who the hell are they kidding in this town? So the bed like I've told you before, the best you can do is put a smile on your face through the best you can. Just be oblivious in there. And that's maybe that's what most people are doing. We just don't give a crap anymore. Maybe that's what it's like. 18 older geeks that vote in a date county. Or Hollywood's with purple teeth. And that's it. 14-year-old five-synthesized UAM Miami Port Loderdale, a measly doctor. Group station. WPAM.com or the world. Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. It can start with a tiny mistake. Hey, thank you. Just go to all the heads on backwards. Uh-huh. It can jeopardize a career. I'm getting a little bit back in the rest of the day. It's a bossy weekend. It's called El Signer's Soul here, other warning signs. Forgetting me. I'm stupid. I'm stupid. I'm stupid. Let's get in trouble. Last of Larry. I'm going to the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top of the top. I'm finally disorientation. Hey, you guys want to go for it. Well, I don't know. Don't you think? Thank you. If you, or they hope you know, suffers any of these symptoms, please call our L.L.Potron at 100. I hope you know. I hope you know. You can be sure with us. It's 150 out of your, okay, with them, George. 159 at 560 WCM, Hanklobo, we do a short, cool, let's take two today. Josh Derall, be here briefly. 6 to 630. That's long enough. And then 630 is Panthers. Preview, baby. 630, till 7. 7 o'clock. It's the Panthers at the Rangers at the God. I want to put a lot of pressure on the guys for that game tonight, but boy, that's a big big game. Because they're going to have to come home on Wednesday. And we certainly don't want to have to come home after another loss. Do we? Oh, no. Why do you always spell cool, is then with you? Because of cool, is this heavy, you know, clue? Mr. It's ready. See? It's a countable mate. You could do better than that. I curse. CL, E.U. E.U. I'm going to wouldn't sit in the zone there. Oh. Good point. Here's our Kloeston. Hello. It's cool, it's the meal. Yeah, I know. Down here in sugar cane land. Cool, it's lemon. We got idea, as you can do a best stadium without no payment up to stock sales pocket. Yeah. We're on the low mini stadium around your moody mess and sell a mission ticket to spend. Aha. Okay. Yeah, you hit this belt right. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T. You know, something I'm glad we had the call. It's during the break. One thing kept going through my mind. There are some places like in on the New York Boston, Chicago, like you like your LA. Like, where is like real melting potter? Or is like all kinds of people? This is only for Graham here. Graham and old Jews ready to die. That's what this place is for. This whole state. Graham. Like the people over in the West Coast, without the apologies to our friend, but they're not listening to Saturday where they got some stupid show on noon to one. The people on the West Coast are like products of centuries of inbreeding. So anybody who thinks, no, maybe four Columbus never tell you, you came anywhere near this land. Yeah, centuries of inbreeding. That's the whole West Coast of Florida. I mean, there's a few like real people over there, but they're spaced out at very sparse and spaced. Way way apart. Like maybe you'll find two or three in Sarasota County. Maybe one in Mamaniti County, but I doubt it. Yeah, you know what I'm saying? And way, just a few spotted here and there. But generally speaking, it's the two headed folks. Here's for a modern day, hello. Hi, no. I'm from Silicon Valley, and I'm visiting my dad in Fort Waterdale. And the San Francisco Giants built Pacific Ball Park without public funding. Uh-huh. And they do have a tree of 3 million people. Why can't the owner of the marlin do the same? Because he's a cheap prick that wants public money. He wants us to build a farm. Well, you know, you can do it. He doesn't need public funding. They won't do it. So you're saying that he thinks he thinks he's a... He thinks that we owe it to him. That he's convinced the public here that it's so important life and death that we have baseball here, that we have to build a farm. And obviously a mayor of Pingu Piccayne, a greek with that. Very sad. Uh-huh. Um, I don't know why they County just didn't tell him that they were building himself. Would you give me a favor, please? Sure. Could you play a puppy fox? Okay. Thanks. Is that in here by a chance? Well, sure. It is. You've got to be kidding me.ations Green Lights Vil跳 Tabhigh Could when I hear you sing this big minute You make it seem so long You can't sing a neck, nor can they go make I wish I had a gun One of these days you might write you from song And then my few won't kill You can't sing a neck, or you can't sing a neck You can't sing a neck, or you can't sing a neck You can't sing a neck, or you can't sing a neck Anyway, it's total 3.5.60 WCM Here's Jason's effect You got your thumb on a jay Here's somebody with a good memory You got a good, good, good, good, good, good Cool from John Henry in the January 23rd, 2000 You got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and you got a jay, and the survey said overwhelmingly, each and every one of them, just like the survey here, it's not different from the ones we've always had. Do you support the New Stadium deal in Miami with the Marlins, and so far 248 votes? 189 say, and only 59, yeses, over 76% to 124%. Over 3 quarters of the public out there, the one in the part of this, they oppose it, and he knows it. That's right, they oppose it, and he'd be known it. And as a result of that, that's why they want to put it on a referendum. Now he can make a backdoor deal on a Sunday at 1.30 in the afternoon, when everybody's watching the dolphin game, while it was not going to fall over there, we're doing something. Behind closed doors, makes an underhanded shitty deal with the biggest quick on the face of the year. Hey, here we go, it's also, in fact, I love the wording in the hair, which says, a surprise deal. Yeah, team owner John Henry and Penelas on the letter of intent that spells out the general terms of the surprise agreement, and gives both sides, 68th and negotiate a final deal for a stadium with a pure, tractable roof in 40,000 seats. Anybody out there get to vote on it? No, are you going to get to vote on it? No, no, no, this is all part. Yeah. Now who's that? That wasn't your friend again, wasn't? No, your friend, which one? I don't want him. Kingita. That little bugger home? I wonder if he has one, Maddie Eran, a shoulder, because I noticed he's quoted near again, too. His spokesman, our former friend, Juan Mandir, what is his cut is? Yeah, his cut in it. One, maybe, yeah. That's enough. Here's a mobile and NASA, hello. Hi, Nina, how are you doing? Okay. I don't know what that guy will call you, and he would be the harmless. Come on, come on. Yeah, I'm fine. Huh? The bomb was in that dog. Oh, the Bahamas suck, man, you know that. No, man. You need to start the phone with another one of our leave. One of the ones at the bottom. Oh, look at that one. Yeah, you just want to bleed the money out of the Americans, which is okay, everybody's got to make a living, at least a minute. Yeah, well, okay, we make money out of you guys. Come on, the bomb was in that block. Yeah, sucks. I'm not like you show any of them. That's what you all look at. That's what I think I count, man. Okay, I say how do my Jamaican friends? Okay, okay, I see the Jamaicans, they infiltrate over there, they bring them the good drugs. See that Bahamian's, they don't even know where to get to your good drugs. That's where they got to call on our Jamaican friends. You never heard else say it again, nobody ever knocks the Jamaicans, do they? Yeah, I'm on. Because they got the good Schmidt. In fact, your agenda, we're pumping on some early this morning just before the show. Here's a mobile and the red land, hello. Sir, how are you? Okay. We're good afternoon, I guess. Maybe that was just the instance I was small. Yes. Speaking of instance, I'm in sense about this day. Yeah, I can't, I, I, something tells me, wink wink to this was preordained or preplaned over last day year. Yeah. I don't think they all would purchase the morning decides to do this deal. Why not, they'll find a lot of fellow groups there. Yeah, I'm sure of that too. I think probably John Henry hung in there because his brother told me you'd have a stadium. Yeah, I called him a three in the morning, so he told me it's a done deal. Thank you, sir. Okay. His brother, you know whose brother is Henry? Yeah, that's John Henry's brother. Henry. To the school of Florida, do they make those any more? Oh, Henry bars? I think so. It's been a long time. So, I've been having one of those in a cool stage. Like maybe central page because he was an old cool. 560, 505, 60, 50, 50, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Let's get with it. Plenty of open lines here. The electors, they're doing it. Nobody's the step out of line. They're doing their thing. The doubts weigh up the next day's down 20 points because they don't want to get me to get the two carry away. So what would you rather have oracle or a Motorola? Motorola? In tellers, Cisco. Yeah, let's do stock talk. And I do want to mention this. I know Ted David's probably not listening. Now his vacation is bust of mentality. Sure ought to be over by now. But when Joe Kurnan came out of his right wing closet, I mean, formally. And maybe he's done that before. I don't, I mean, you're usually watching him that early in the morning. But I mean, he was talking to a, it's sucking up the Bob Novak and saying that he was about ten, ten steps too far to the left Bob Novak. So Joe Kurnan officially came out. The big Gohoun is a right wing fanatic this morning. Not a good idea, boys. Not a good idea. See, we turn to you guys, basically by default. Because we're locked in our whole life is locked in that stupid market in this gambling game. And I would prefer not to know, although it is interesting, that what's it got Mark, what's his name? In the morning with a Glen Mark, Haines, Mark Haines, David Faber, Ted David. You see, and you'll see that people of the Jewish persuasion on CNBC tend to be liberal. Probably voted for what's his name. But people like Joe Kurnan, yeah, I'm not a lot better than not the Irish. But Joe Kurnan, who happens to be a right wing, according to what he said himself, I hate the Irish. Yeah, go in. That's the difference. And like my late friend Alan Finklson said, The biggest problem in this country, too many grams. This is 560 QAF. The Neil Roger show, you'll support radio, 560 QAF. Today's show is brought to you by Chickery Farm, Chickery Farm. The gift it says, I don't like you, and I thought it'd be funny to see you gain 10 pounds. Chickery Farm, we blow, and we know. She's the new greener pop, but the way to the top, now she's broken that food. Practically in the news. Yes, introducing Madonna's fast food restaurant, where everything's hot to go. Like the better dinner, hey, come to Father Danny, take time. And Madonna's payment for her bond, talk about fresh, just like her salad. Hey, she's almost no dressing. She's a pretty good idea, and you'll also love those large, lump juicy. And the chicken feet, bad neither. Poor gourd part. Border line delicious. And for the kids, there's Madonna's happy news. Each with a fresh, hang eyes of mine. I've got a free shun, eh. And for dessert, there's tempting cheesecake. Or Madonna's trademark cone. Hi, welcome to Madonna's Express yourselves, tripe food. Yeah, I'd like a couple of tasty chicken, nignipples, please. Come and ride off. So grab your truck and head for the Golden Guarder, Madonna. She's so pleasing and the same. Get it out, and have it with Madonna. Oh, right. 13 at 5.6. You're welcome. I'm happy Monday, too. 3200 open lines at the moment, if you'd like to participate or if not, that's okay. 2.5.670. 5.6. 5.6. On the AT&T line. And the Verizon line. Here's come a red, chill out. Okay. Yeah, I'm against making these jaks, milliers. And one thing, Florida ranks number one in Kirstie, best in the country. And yet the best cancer fit is out in Los Angeles Houston, Chicago, at Pittsburgh. Yeah. So why don't we get that money? I got much medical people. They don't get them here. Okay. I think we're the beginning in getting rid of cancer and Florida, we're beginning to get rid of the mayor of the county. I think that would be a real good beginning. Oh, he is a cancer with two legs. He is his malignant as they come. 5.670. 5.6. Pound 5.6. On the AT&T and Verizon wireless line out of town 877. 785. 6.345. Mobile and Tamarack. Hello. Be a little bit think about. They had that press conference yesterday at a time like 130 when somebody was watching. Absolutely correct. Well, they had that stupid. Maybe they're trying to get this thing done before the day. The new presidential administration takes hold and some policies start coming down that they're in a rush. Why would the new president be against it? He pulled the same kind of crap in Texas with the Texas Rangers in the public care got sucked into building a stadium and made his investment worth about 80 billion times what it was. Well, it would be against it. He can't paint on getting education reform. I think if he doesn't go ahead and act on something like that, the media and the public aren't ever going to let him forget about it. What's that going to happen with the stadium and date County? There wasn't nothing to do with the other. He's not going to decide how the county or the state's going to spend its money. Well, ultimately they'll be responsible for the for the for the school because they're going to be receiving federal funding and they're going to be held accountable according to the policy. No. I don't know. Maybe it's a little bit. You're dreaming sir. You're dreaming. All right. Well, I'll take it to you. Okay. 560. But 0.560. 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. And what did I tell you about this past election? All these hysterical people and all they hate and the bitterness and the finger pointing and the and about one. Oh, what people are really care about those. About most of those issues. They may be a small smattering who do if it goes their ass. What I said, go. What other than that? 560. 560. The Pomp 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Good. Yes sir. All right. First time long time. Yeah. I was walking over the weekend. I couldn't believe this. I was in the carol on. I heard about the. On the. That. Newspaper today. I don't know how they can they can get away. It's I was born in this county and I you know, since that I see all these arenas come and get built up and then you know, this rally was orange ball. I heard it on the. Really early trying to get promotion for them. These things haven't even been finished being paid off and they're already, you know, losing them and also how they thought about how they're going to deal with all the traffic situation and downtown. No. The traffic. And there's it's bad enough years. It is they should put a referendum that no construction goes before we fix this traffic problem. Not going to happen. Yeah. You know, I was very full of the penny tax and I listened to you back about a year ago. And I wound up pulling against it. But I tried to transit every day and they I mean it's we need to go to better system here. I know they say that this isn't a train town and people want their people want their cars, but we're, you know, we're off choking and dying in here is a good rock every single day. I don't know if you saw about two weeks ago, December 10, I think they. They, the herd are there really big focus article on the traffic situation here. And they said that with even if they start to implement changes, it's going to be three times the traffic delays in the 10 years. That's right because nobody's in charge here because there's no end of the development. It just goes on and on. I live out in West Broward and if they try to build any more than shopping centers or any more malls or any more housing complexes, we're going to wind up with the, alligators pretty soon. There's nowhere else to go and we have already got gridlock on fin 95. It's a road that's already obsolete. So we got, don't we have a job bus to take for that. He's the, the development governor. Well, because long and long before him, it's been going on for for many, many years. Still there, there's no forward thinking here. It's strictly whatever the grave robbers can steal right now. Well, that's definitely it is exactly that that's it's it's no further thinking all they have. They want to throw money in the building. More roads, but by the time they're going to be fitted, you know, putting up these extra roads. Yeah. They're going to need more than that. There'll be for ready. And here, you know, we give all these great spots of land away to these billionaires who don't need any extra money that could be for, you know, more public funding. And then in down in my way to county, why would down my pinecrisis, the winds and cattle, that bought up a huge spot of land right next to the, all the busway, the southbound busway, which could have been, you know, area for another train station or a bus station or something. And here, you know, these again, this is given to these rich guys so they can bring in more cars. I mean, how many more cars are we going to back into this in this area of the state? Well, good luck to you. Sir, I'll be an Amsterdam. Good luck. See you. Okay. Yeah, that's another thing to our great benevolent friend Wayne Hipinga. In the article by Linda Robertson, she points out if I could find it in here, the, the fact that when it comes to the, oh, yeah. All the parking and I mean, I think it's got John, and I don't want to be making a bad deal, but he just continues squeezing it all out of there. There's no way that his man could make money in that current stadium. So we made a bad deal, and now he wants everybody to bail his ass out. And then Wayne turns around and says, oh, I'm rooting for them. I hope they get to stadium. It's good for the Marlins. It's good for South Florida. Oh, man. What a sense of humor, Wayne. This is the man that broke up the team. This is the man that forced it to be in this position. He says, oh, I sure hope they get it. They get their sports boom, doggle assholes and their games. They can all drop dead to the school of Florida. Yeah. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, he pumped that as that to his that. John Henry. Oh, that was John Henry. They all sound the same to me. They all have the high squeaky voice as in no balls. But they sure were a big pair over the weekend. But nobody was watching. Here's a mobile in the West and hello. Good morning, happy Monday. And back to you. I'm so glad you mentioned the shopping malls and the strip centers because it seems to me that these arenas and stadiums are the shopping malls and centers of 70s and marinas and stadiums are that of it's, you know, 2000. And don't forget everywhere that we build on a arena like the macaroon. We have to have a lot more hotels. Just like they were saying, oh, they all start game for the NHLs coming in 2003. And they're building new hotels right now. So we have to have some more hotel rooms. Well, that's great. But where the hell does the development stop? That's just it. And all the other. Why the hell is the public thing we have water rationing going on right now? Well, I was going to say we're under manager of our mandatory water restrictions. And California is on having brownouts every day. That's right. People think that this just never ends. There's never ending supply this. And the ones who are against it are probably the same people who voted for the high speed level system because they figure whatever funding is left over from the country. We're from the tourist tax to pay for this new stadium that's not going to go to high speed rail system. Oh yeah, right. All right. I mean, it's just unpredictable. And yet, and then everybody will complain about how long it takes to get the work because it's a traffic on a 26 year on that saw graphs or on the palm net or whatever it might be. And everybody will complain about how the price of gas and all that stuff. And I'm nice and figuring out that's going on. And I just want to get out the public. But can you imagine the overwhelming that are going to be on the construction? They talk about how much the tourist tax is going to have to fund this. How much money goes over budget? It's predicted. Yeah. I'll be looking forward to you, sir. Have a good time and answer that. I will. I'll be thinking about you. Not. 5.6705.60. Pomp 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines as the dilemma just keeps getting worse and worse and worse and worse. And all of this discussion about health care and education. And all these other things that we just heard week after week in month after month. All of people are getting so psychotic about and who's going to do the most about it. The only thing they're going to do the most about is for themselves and their good old bodies, their special friends. Their special friends with a big fat checkbooks. That's what it's all about. And the rest of you. That's what they, that's how much they care about you and your kids. And the got to miss Poucha. But have a nice holiday. Here's Davey. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Hi there. Okay. 5.6705.60. Pomp 5.60 on the AT&T line. Here's a lady mobile on Hollywood, hello. Oh, hi, me, how are you? Okay. Good. Listen, I love your show. I heard a song that you played Friday. I think it was like I'm 95 asshole. And I was wondering if you could play that song again for me. I just thought it would hilarious. You're welcome. Thank you, sir. Hi. Hi. Bye. Bye. Why not? What? Yeah. Tell about treatment. Make their about. There. That. I was driving down 995 the other night. Somebody nearly took her right off the road. And it's not a one. I wasn't going to do any good to get mad. I wrote a song about him and said, I don't like you. But, where's he? Oh, I'm an apple. Very good. He worked it in here, my. He's a man. He's a man. Worked that fine. With here and half. Hold the night. Yes, you're an A. Definitely, totally. Don't keep trying to play this song again. You either of all the credits. You're an asshole tonight. And we're an asshole yesterday. You're an asshole tonight. You're an asshole tonight. I've got to feel. You being an asshole, the rent of your life. Yes. I'm not gonna get mad. I'm going to be an asshole tonight. Yeah. That was a key to your mother. Just the other night. I told her I found your an asshole. She said, yeah. I think you're right. And all your friends are ample, but you know that you're whole life. Somebody told me, you got an apple for a life. Where you fall, and apple, or did you work in it, and share whole life. Either way, it worked out fine, or share it in. You call that a penis? That's not it. I like to be right in it. So it's big 26 past noon or 560 WQA. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines. As we continue singing the song, you can talk about whatever you want. You have to talk about the stadium. You can talk about anything except that. You know there's still people carrying on about there. Oh, brother. Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck. Get over it. Okay, get a life. Did you see me at the press when the light bulb went off when I just he was on there? And a light bulb exploded in the background. You never saw a man move so fast, duck for cover. Jesse Jackson? Yeah. Wow. I hear when the light bulb exploded, he dropped out first. That's what I hear. Right in his pants. Well, let's go and keep money as toes. 26 past 0 at 560 QM. If I had the ability to, I think you'll have it right now. Chicken.Damp.P.FIN. Goodbye. On NBC, it's the world's most real love Christmas classic. Hi, what's up? Hi, dad. Here you go, I can. Oh, oh, oh. Hi there. Dad, oh. Hey, we there. Hey, you look great. Have you lost weight? I just have to. You really think so? Yeah, well, you're not fat at all. Dad, I think you're just big. Bond. Yeah, he's Rudolph the brown nose reindeer. Thank you, Rudolph. A nice of you, just say so. I really need it. Go ahead. The fascinating story of how one reindeer schmooose is way through the habitat. Hurry up, boys. Ready, guys? Oh, again. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. How are you? Good morning. Good morning. Rudolph, the brown nose reindeer. Yeah, let's now. You know what? You guys will be staring out on Christmas Eve. Goodnight. Right after Frosty the Command on NBC. Good to have you all the brown nose reindeer. It's always round up last day, right? That's how he got up around the nose. Following to Frosty High. All of the other reindeer will have to make him compare to me. They all would snap up abruptly. And one of them would cut the cheeks. Oh, one day land off God's bed, huh? He said this job stinks. Find yourself a new couple. He gave them all a Christmas too. And all the rain there. Maybe get your shot and please. Random the brown nose reindeer. You should try potology. 22 at 5.60 WQA. I'm happy to lend it to you. Let's not get all the person morbid and pissed off about this. Should we? I don't think they will. It's the holidays. And that's what they're cutting up. It's interesting too. Like right just before Hanukkah and Christmas. How old is New Year coming up? They kind of like split this thing in there. Try to bring it in the world back door. Back door. I think Alex has probably got plenty of experience with that. Here's the mobile and pop-in-o. Hello. And Leo. Yes, sir. Great show. Yeah. Again, you've read every public service. I let them know what these more are on to do on day and day. You know, you're probably the only one who's talking about how. Okay, what's going to happen to everybody is 10% going to cough the honor. Actually, what is it? You're going to put it 10% of the money. And get 90% of the profits from this deal. Let me say it again. The owners of the team is going to pay 10% of the cost over the long run and the 10% but right through the amount of public funds, 90%. 90%. Uh-huh. Well, each of us John Henry said on his team a little bit longer that people will pick it up for next to nothing. And they should just arm the team themselves. Buy it from them. Okay. 560560560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Or my God. That's all I can say. Oh, my. Effing God. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Hi. How are you doing? Okay. Let me ask you something. Don't we vote for new taxes? Don't we get paid for? These are their no new taxes involved in this. They came up with very creative way to what's stick their hand in everybody's pocket without creating a new tax. These are just old taxes where we'll take more of our money. Old taxes go into John Henry's pocket, right? Uh-huh. Why do we have to build a billionaire? You know, these new arenas and stadiums and stuff like that. But what if the public and then say, okay, that's it. Well, that's what I'm asking. But I mean, the poor we got so far 77% of the people said they don't support it. But again, keep in mind those people are going to get a chance to vote on. It's a bunch of crooked politicians. You're slightly they would make a reaction. They're going to split it in the back door. Although that one we didn't have an election. Even though they were in the back word. If you weren't safe, rather than you voted no one. If you were against the vote of yes. Yeah. Yeah. That was another phony bogus election. That was catch right. Yeah. All right, Neil. Pick it easy. And I guess, you know, just hang in there. I'm hanging. Bob. Yeah. Yeah. See, they figured out a few of them were, you know, often enough. They're pretty senior going to start enjoying it. That's the mentality in the count. Yeah. All right. Let's go to all the bent over again. They love it in there. So let's stuff it in there again. And we'll look at big smile on their face. They keep doing it over and over and over again. Find here one sports nerd defending this crap on his station. I'm just going to go. I'm just going to go. I'm looking to lose it. 567. 560. 560. 560. On the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless One. How many empty facilities do we need before we say that's the last one? How many? 100. Oh, we're getting close. They're talking about popping the door stadium and the orange bull and the older rena and the new Mickey arena. And the PPP Park. And then, of course, the way you know something is PPP Park. That's not good enough for the dolphins. Even though he owns it. Huh? Yeah, we'll have to hold him down now. Yeah, that's right. It's not the downtown Julia Brown. Here's for a lot of nail. There. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Okay. There. Never wrote it on damn private. I'm going to replay requests for me. Yeah. You guys, can you play your my prison bitch? No. 560, 0560, pound 560 on the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a lot of nail by the sea. Hello. There we go. What is it? Yeah. Yes. How are you doing? What was that? I got construction on front of my house. Are you there? I'm here. Hey, listen. This plane devil's advocate here. This is full of the panthers start when a couple games. Doesn't carry more of his coaches go through what I mean either way. I mean it's a gun. Have you listened to anything I've been saying for days on end now? Are you listening? No. Until Wayne gets the right deal to sell the team. They're not going to be any changes. Take a look at the. Take a look at the. They could lose every game for the next month. And if Wayne doesn't have a deal in place by that time, nothing is going to change. All right. As burned plan to job at, you know? No. Where do you think he'll probably in any place? I haven't got any. I haven't got any idea and I have a crystal ball. But the bottom line is the fans again get screwed when the owner gets the deal that he wants. Then maybe we'll get a change and maybe something will happen there. So he, they're not, it's not sticking in. They don't get it. They just don't get it. Wayne wants to on low baby. He doesn't want this turkey anymore. He's got a couple of fish on a hook. And when he's able to close out the deal, it's works out the best for him. When it's signed sealed at the level, then you'll have a new regime. Then they'll fire probably everybody, including Mr. Boatai there and the Maris. And then hopefully it'd be an owner who's willing to spring for some bucks. And there was something about the game, which would be a novelty. And try to put some of the pieces back together again. But in the meantime, they expect you to continue coming to subsidize and just dummy up. And they don't want to get it. And they keep putting out their propaganda. Oh, well, they quit watching Larry on our back. Maybe that's not such a bad idea. Well, how come they got in their first place for almost $2 billion a year to stand out there in the middle of the ice and do figure rates? Another old stiff, another mistake in a long list of so, so many. But I'm not going to get bitter about it. I'm going to go when I feel like it. I got those tickets and if I don't, that's it. empty seats. And I won't even give them away. Because as far as I'm concerned, I'm not even embarrassed by empty seats anymore. I think it's well deserved. Well deserved. Twenty-two before one in five, sixty-w-two. The Neil Roger show, the show sports radio, five, sixty. You, a half. This is the Neil Roger show. This is your brain. Any questions? Well, I've traveled through to on Samantha. Go truck, you can close the coast. Oh, like my wrist. I like the room, but it's not what I love most. There's a gal on left in Presbyl. A three young fine name rose. And the best thing, find the father. She let me wear her clothes. Well, on proud piece, country's transvestite. Oh, right. And I love the world. The girls' clothes all day. Oh, baby. Wait, it's rough. I'm really in blast. I still can't make the day. But now I'm still the material of God. And I hope you're alone to stand. I was born with a big black mustache. And a six-pack in my hand. But when I go out for a moment, I do it well for two years. Oh, I was trapped this evening down in a nose gay on my wrist. Get on proud to be, country's transvestite. And I love the world. The girls' clothes all day. Oh, baby. I close my lips, teeth my heart, and sleep in law to raise. Now I rise to where I'm living. Don't you keep on my clothes. I'm all the burden he made. I love it. And I always, so don't look at me for this. Or I'll put out your eyes. And the last thing you'll remember. There's a fucker in fish net time. Get some pants, bitch. Country, transvestite. And I love the world. The girls' clothes all day. Oh, baby. I didn't lift, and his hip, my straight leg's on display. Yes, I'm proud to be, country, transvestite. And I love the world. The girls' clothes all day. I love the world. Stouling me, something cute. Well, it's just on our way there. I'm proud to be, country, transvestite. I get to a planet hold on here. I hope I don't get around. Get a heartache, man. I hate that. You know, when you keep your nails, and that makes life so far as this terrible. And you know, you got to go back home, just put it in the nail by the nail. I always think come up, or something. Just put it on the car and this will never do that for that. You know what I'm saying? I could use a Bible by it. I really could. And I'm going to go to the shop. I am. I'm going to get a face. 24, 5, 60 WQA in a Monday. We got an hour and a quarter to go. Not too bad. So far we're moving along with some real, uh, a world winners out there as usual. Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. It's a passive statute to make a limitation to make a comment about the election's crap. Yes. I can't, uh, I couldn't get through last week. To bad, to late. All right. Why would I get a comment on the stadium issue then? Um, all those transparent planted yellow empty seats in the, uh, Miami, New Stadium going to go over to the, New Orleans stadium. Yeah. Well, they're going to pay them black this time. They're going to get smart. No, he's going to go to these games. I know that. It's pathetic. Yeah. You know what? I know it. And so are in their heart to the Amarlas though, but don't confuse them. If it's something the people have to vote on. No. No. They could just do it without anything. The county commission, the city commission and the legislature and the rest of us are screwed. I mean, the rest of you and they county are screwed. I love them, barred. Oh, my God. They're all Democrats sued. They're both. No, they're not. And well, what difference does it make? Alex Pint per, uh, Panelis is a Democrat. Oh, well, it's a little bit extra lecture, right? Okay. Have a great day. See, well, one dimensional guy. It's all they want to talk about. Those people. It doesn't make any difference. And they perzot the area that undercuts just what you're saying. Democrats and Republicans, they both suck. They all suck. 560, 050, 5060 on the AT&T and provides them wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Me, I don't know. Okay. Meal. First thing is, do you remember back in July? No. Yeah, they were saying that they had to empty out Okochobi because it was too full. No. Yeah. They were saying that they were not wearing that line. Empty out Okochobi. I wasn't hearing July, sir. Oh, I'm sorry. Then maybe George will remember that the open up the floodgates. And empty out Okochobi are main drinking water reservoir. Yeah. Because it was too full. Now it's empty. I mean, what are they thinking? Next, this just leave it full. And now we have enough water for dry season. I mean, it's just ridiculous. Another thing about the stadium, So they realized you have to pass by at least four blocks of rough city street to get to the expressway. Yeah. I mean, please. Please people. How about the old Miami Arena? Yep. That was in the middle of the rough neighborhood. And then you had the cost of the street. And that's one of the places they're talking about building the stadium. I mean, they're just, I mean, when Joe Rodney will go, Robbie wanted to build a stadium. They really grabbed them by the balls to fix all the streets before he built the stadium. Yeah. But why can't they do this for this guy? No, because he doesn't have any balls. I mean, in the city Miami told Joe Rodney, No, we're not going to fix up the R-Spawn. That's the reason why Joe Rodney had to build the dance stadium. Yeah. Oh, I guess there's nothing we could do about the bottom out. Joe Rodney didn't have a pinker-pacanier to deal with back in those days. That was the problem. He didn't have the right crooked politicians to deal with. In addition to which he had enough, you know, he had enough intestinal for the zoo. And if you're not going to do it, I'll go ahead and do it myself. And that's why it should be. If you want to go on a restaurant business, build a restaurant. If you want to go on a sports business, build a venue. Or when one from somebody else that already exists. Don't come to the public and say, ah, wait. Meh, if you want us to be competitive, we get to have more of your money. Meh. The only one thing I would like to see them doing that's go away. I'll make us a lot more competitive here at W-Q-A, I'll tell you that. You're like taking a loose off our mix and economic loose. This station is strangling on Marlins. On Clap. Anybody want to buy a Marlins spot for this common season? No, real cheap. Come on. 50 cents a holler. No. $44. No. Here's that, Ben Chiro. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes sir. My radio is broken. Is this true? What I'm hearing about the, they're going to go through the stadium? Well, I'm not a done deal, but it's a behind the doors deal. I have to get it approved, but it's a sign. I saw a deal and almost delivered between Mayor Pinka Picania and John Henry. I did. I think we need it. I think we need it down there. We're going to do good for the city. It's going to do good. Oh, the common should bring in some people. I'm definitely going to bring in some people. What? From where? Somewhere. Well, they'll probably be coming from all parts now. They're going to maybe try to pursue. I heard we're going to get CJ too. They're going to try to maybe get a, maybe get a Gator something. Draw some people in that. Sir, what the hell are you talking about? What is going on? What are we getting Charles Johnson got to do with building a stadium? Wow. We need some good ball players. Uh-huh. Play to get the people down there. Yeah. And why is that important? Sir. No, people are, well, not come. People are coming now and they're not going to come then. Well, I'd rather take in a good baseball game than to some of this stuff that's worth trying to settle into now. And what are we trying to settle into now? What are we trying to settle into now? What are the answers are staying in the join up? Yeah. The Pavell bureau. I see some. So I know there was maybe if they won. But what about if they still lost? What about if they couldn't compete in that crappy team? Would you go then? We're going to try to get some fun. No, no sir, I'm going to get my fucking answer. You're my price in that they exit. If they continue to lose, would you go subsidizing then? We're going to get. Yeah, uh-huh. 560505060. That's not like John Henry's boyfriend. Uh-huh. Yeah, you could tell. He was in that position. The first step of, yeah, step on this. Here's Carol, Cindy. Hello. Hey, dude. Yes, I'm the known sir. If I blackmailed one of the street and speak you talk about it. But I don't hear you talk about the sheriff electing Georgia. That would've gone down. Because it would've gone to clean up the city. With corruption is running all over. Sure, right. What are you talking about? Uh-huh. You're in a reading new yesterday. And further paper, Chevrolet Georgia in the, in the cater Georgia. No. Well, shut down. Yeah. I let the know-no, but I know why because he was elected to be sheriff. And he said he was going to clean up the city. Oh, because there was so much corruption by the person. Yeah. Sheriff there and his bunch of old rooms. Yeah. And they're going to down. Yeah. You didn't hear anything about that. Sheriff, John Brown. You didn't read the story of the paper? Do they find John Brown's body? No, I did not. I just why he keeps asking me the same question. I go, you see it all the time. You have a black man spit out the street. You all are up. Something to say about it. But it's on the black man. It's on us. What are you talking about? I'm talking about the black man. You're talking about the job rate. You're all with John Brown, a black man if you walked over the street. You're a quick knockout. And on the street, damn it. You crazy, you smarter, you. I shot the sheriff. Oh, you did. Well, he was aiming to shoot me. I thought I were a captain shot the sheriff. Five, six, seven, five, six, zero. Maybe that was because he was pissed off as kids with the walk to window. I don't know. Five, six, seven, zero, five, six, six, six, six, eight. Well, we got some real ethnic side colleagues today, man. Very first one, right? Why you hate to kill me, beeper. I like you, but do. I'm talking about Mayor Pinga Picania, who happens to be a Cuban. And I'm sure there's plenty of Cubans are too proud of that. We got that one. And then this guy, some story about something that happened to the kid or Georgia, which I didn't meet about. And he's screaming me on the black man spit out the street. I'm talking about it. And how come black men are spitting in the street? That's what we like to know. Use the sidewalk. Here's a mobile in Bokeh, hello. Anya. Yes, sir. Great show as always. Oh, yeah. Yeah, sure. This is why we're trying to talk about today. I hear you. Like, no, you have a poll up yet on how many people outside of Dade that are going to go to this one. I'm going to stay in the middle of the whole, but no, I don't. Would you do it? No. Okay. That's, let's go. No, the question is, do you support the new stadium in Miami? I already took the poll on Friday. How many people are going to have seen? How many different polls can I take on a Marlins? Yeah, that's true. You know, I don't think anybody outside of the village probably going to renew the tickets. Right. There are a few of them. Very few people are from Broward and almost nobody from Palm Beach are going to go down the day county. Yeah, forget it. Go in and they will not come. Okay. Have a great show. Thank you. Thank you. How's that poll coming to you? Everyone in the one vote. I'm going to support the new stadium deal in Miami for the Miami Marlins. 71. Yes. 23. No. 23. And after say yes. 76. And after say absolutely. No. No way Jose. No. No. And that's why they didn't have a referendum because they knew that would be the outcome. At least 70 percent against. And probably just as much as we got there, maybe even more, maybe 80 percent would say no. We're not using any kind of tax dollars to subsidize a goddamn stadium for another spoiled brat billionaire who made himself a bad deal. And now wants to public to bail him out. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey. Hey. Do an off-screen. I think you showed. Or some. Mowing stock. And as long as they suck, they're not going to get understood. I mean, didn't say he was going to actually nothing. Somebody got to replace stadium. You can't give away those tickets. I mean, I don't know what to deal with this. John, here you guys. Okay. See in New York. I mean, you hear what the thing in the bikini city of the day? He said, in fact, where's that quote? He said, I told him if the name, the name would not the name change that he was off. So it's got to be in the Florida, it's got to be the Miami Marlins. And he said, and he told John Henry, so can you imagine like the Yankees if they want to play in the city and they use this name of the state? I've got his comments on the name change. See you in the list of them. What I just said. I was busy looking for that comment. It's my was much more worthwhile than here. I don't want to hear his comments. Don't you hear what I just said? God damn it. About if the Yankees who play in the city, how could they be the Yankees if they used the name of the state? Oh. It was better the first time. Sorry, if you were listening. But just. Stop playing with that tape. I don't want his voice on his show. Don't you understand it? I don't. I don't. Go ahead and play it. You'll see how fast I'll dump it. I don't want his voice on my ear. I want his voice on his show about as much as I ever want to see Peter Leonard again. Not. Ever see the two of them together? Oh, there you go. I wish my case. Oh, and when I think of those, the way he used to suck up to the wall. Oh, just it makes me want to puke. 25 at 5.60 WQAM. 4.30 at 5.60 WQAM by heavy court underdale of measly times and a smash. WQAM.com for the worst age. But it's the one to do out. One in seven Americans suffers from a terrible affiction. And while others find it funny, the those who haven't, it's no laughing matter. It's called frequent burping syndrome. It's terrible. I'll be on a date or a business meeting. And...and... ...perfect. Excuse me. See, see what happened? Frequent burping syndrome. It can ruin your life. But it doesn't have to. Now does a clinic that can help. Train specialists. Sensitive to the needs of compulsive belchers. A special place known as... ...Gurp Inders. Gosh, burp Inders saved my life. Joanna and I were in love. I really wanted to ask her to marry me. But I just knew that when the moment of truth came, I'd let out with a big ripper. You know? Sigh... ...Burp Inders. No shame, no guilt. No more tummy rumbling, smelly belches. No more stopping in mid-sittance to one fork of big cheesy blaster. Just caring professionals. And the help you need. Don't wait. Here's the number to call. High five five five. You'll see seven seven. That's five five five. Burp Inders. Call today and stop being so gross. Wanna clock there? That the little hand is on the big hand. We got one hour to go. It's a big jugged antico in and two hour. Wait for you to call this, Armana. Gotta be a big grey. You'll see. You'll see. You have a little faith. Five, six, seven, zero, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty on the AT&T in Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Carl Springs. Five, six, seven, zero, five, sixty. They got their little bit quarter there. They got it all cute up and it was on here about a half a second. Nice going. Here's a mobile in Kindle. Hello. Okay. Okay. Come on. Let's talk about how many schools we could build this morning. Oh, look at the stadium with this. The part down there. Why don't we have a nice part because it's better this whole that they have. Maybe they like it that way so that we won't complain when they go to stadium on our part. You know, and the mayor's fear-hime will be pleased run against the notice. So we can get this guy out. What do we want Mayor Stewart-hime for? That's the best we can do is an old hack like him. We're also we have. We have a lot of hack. Huh? He's an artifact, we also have. Well, there's gotta be somebody else down there and Dave County out of a tour. It'll just be another put out. Let's see if we could. Okay. Well, good luck to you, sir. I live in Broward. That's that part. The guy says Bobby Butterworth run against the abortion. If these are the best people you can come up with in the state of Florida is Merit's Their-hime and Bobby Butterworth and you deserve what you get. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Merit's Their-hime will help give us a metro rail. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Oh, hi. Yes, man. I'm not in favor of the Lawrence Bayesian issue. I wanted to bring something to your attention. I was wondering, there is a US tax code 501c3 which relates to that non-profit organizations. Can that be done on political issues or they can lose their tax exempt status? Now, I'm wondering if this can be checked into and when organizations cannot stay out and individual the pan, I'm wondering if this affects the Lawrence Bayesian situation. No. It does not. What does one have to do with the other? Well, if there's a lot of people belong to some organizations and they say they don't want this Lawrence Bayesian, the organization cannot speak out or they lose their taxes and status. If it's a political issue, we'll send the comment of the county government and the city government. I would assume it's a political issue. I would just bring in this to your attention. Okay. Thank you very much. You bud. Bye. I wish I could say the same. Tony, they were going to be good this time. Oh, yeah. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Let's build a Naga Dam Stadium on a St. And then we'll watch it feel. And then we'll see. I dig county. You live in dig county. Yeah. That's what we'll do. We'll just keep pointing our fingers. You poor bastard. You live in dig county. That's what we'll do. I'm sick of fighting for people that don't get a crap about themselves. You people in dig county. There are goofballs anyway, so let the loser holes. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. I worked for the county for the last 13 years. I worked downtown. Yes. I worked in center. And I was noticing that all of you employees that worked are all my coworkers. I've been moving to the baller county. Yeah. The last five, six years. Naturally. And I think what they're begging on. I'm not talking about their big opinion. What he's backing on is that these people are now living broad. They used to live in dig. But I still working in dig county downtown. Yeah. Area. Good backing on them. Staying. Have to work. And you know, one of them. Walking. No. I'm sorry. I can't. I'm sorry. It's forgetting about it. What they got to do when you have a wrong commute home. You want to get out of the room soon as possible. Not going to hang around all night. Well, I mean, you know, that's the math migration. No. People will not be going to their games. I don't know what. I mean, they're walking downtown. And keep in mind again, they plan on being ready by the year 2004. 2002, there'll be complete stop and you may see. They're going to have a massive strike. The worst one probably in the history of the sport. And the probably missile hole in entire season. Imagine that the relations between the public and the players and the whole and the owners at that point are going to be the worst ever. So nice timing again. Well, that one guy who called out about the education given up on the school. Yeah. I'm against that too. The big squander on top of the. Okay. Great. Thank you. Uh, he's against that too. 560, 560. Powered 560. And he's the same guy called this couple of days ago with the same crap. It's verbatim. Same thing about squandering our tax dollars. So if I do new hobby, okay, pick up our Cheney. Washington will let might be handy. Here's a mobile and tamarack. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Just some food for thought. Yes. George W is 560. 560. 560. 560 are toll-free AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile and boating P. Cheney. Yeah, Neil. First time long time. Yes, sir. I'm listening to some pop and beauty because no way. I will ever drive down here. Not a chance. How about a radio bucket, my own mile? I'm a huge, huge, full family. There's no way I'll go down there. Okay. I'll go to Jupiter and watch the X-Foat single AT&T play. Mm-hmm. All right. So I had the same. Okay. Thank you. Yep. There's a guy says that they paid him 50 bucks a mile. He wouldn't go down there to see your crappy team. I don't like that John Henry. Basically what he said was. All right. All right. And have a nice life. Loser. I mean, I mean, I don't keep saying, I made a billion dollars in the commodity market. They lost half of it back. And we're supposed to bail him out because he got snucked by a bald head of geek. Who played him for a sucker. Because this guy thinks he's going to be a baseball maggot. All right, news for us. I've mentioned people in my life who think that they're going to be sports maggots. And they got part of that, right? What I'm was in here this morning. And I'd like that story about slathering that the stuff on his sandwich. I must have, the reasons of the knock. No, you won't. The MSG with the one that was running out. Farrow that he slathered some hot sauce on his sandwich on his meat. Made him, watchy. And made him his meat, watchy or something like that. And it's kids were splurting out. Hey, Dad, you all read in the face. And of course, if you worked with, if you were responsible for anything with this company, you'd be running the face all the time. So it doesn't come as any great surprise to me. Especially trying to screw over our good buddy Miguel, who ought to be the promotions director. Isn't that what stuff came in here told us this morning? Is that what he said? You were in here. I don't think he said that. He said, go, go, go. He said that Miguel was going to take a ticket to take care of and watch your name. Do we? Do we? That she was going to be a doing it with him or something like that. Yeah. And then, of course, that's tough. He's done the outside of all of the he didn't got any idea what's going on his place. Oh, fate. Well, that's the way it goes. 5, 6, 70, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. So you want to think I've told you before whether it's the election, whether it's the stadium issue, want to think in his town. You're never going to get any coherent conversation out of these people. Because they don't have an enum. It's not enum. Here's a mobile in Pompano. Hello. In the eye, John. Okay. Happy on. I want to go to our 15 Marlin Games last year. I love to do a lot. There is no way that I'm going into downtown Miami. The first time I went down and watched the Panthers play when they were down at the arena was with my father and I was driving back out in one of the neighborhoods that you're going up on the overpass to get on the 95. We saw a bunch of people burning cars. It's not on the street. Right. There is no way in heck that I'm going down all the way down into Miami to watch something that you don't even know it's going to be there. You don't have a clue what's going to happen. Like you said, with the collective bargaining agreement in baseball. Right. And you know, we do have a very good clue. It's going to happen with that. Well, yeah. It's going to blow up in baseball phase. Right. And the fans are all going to pay the price. But I can tell you one thing. It is going to be the most expensive dome to fully market in the country by the time this is all done. And you guys, all of my is all going to get used to the fact that all you're going to see down there is going to be a lot of stands with fresh fruits and a lot of old pieces of paper plumbing. So, have a good day. Okay. Well, God bless, Broward. Thanks. Okay. Yeah. We live in Broward, we live in Palm Beach. We live in Rio de Mercard. We don't live in Dave County. That little, whatever that thing is there. Whatever that was. I lived in a candle five years. That was enough. It was okay. Had it's moments. Kindle, let's see. Sunset in 177. I'm a graphic. I'm a graphic on the street. Four quarters habitat. Horizons. So, I say area. Counting. Yeah. But you just can't drive around it. No matter where you want to go, you can't get there from South Bayed. Two hours to get out of there. Yeah. Of course we always got the 60 highway. Yeah. The 60 highway. Hey Brian Stillland, come up and take care of this show. And he really is tearing out to be just what we say to us yesterday. 10 minutes after one is five 60 WCW. Break H. And that was watching my G.V. one day. Oh man, came out of two best only. Make so when the search for power shall again. And I say. Because it's like a feeling over a party is no. Can anybody tell me where. No. But you don't keep changing all the time. Come on, don't. I can't keep up so I don't try. I thought that what was not so easy today. Yeah. So I say. Does anybody really know where Bosnia is? Can anybody tell me where. You know how much of college I'm going to do. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. You know how much of college I'm going to do. I'm going to do this. I'm going to do this. Can anybody tell me where. Bosnia is leaving and I'm going to do this. I don't know. If you get something on the map then I would know where it was. I thought I was kind of telling somebody will show them eventually. If somebody shows kind of Lisa, once they're 15 at 5.60 WKOM, nice to see we're getting some nice house darkies in there right off the bat. 5.60, 5.60, 5.60, 5.60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's Palm City, hello. I love your rainers, so yes I do. Some people say you're in a, that's not cool. If I lived on your rainers, I'd rule. I love your rainers, yes I do. Okay, 5.60, 5.60, 5.60 on the AT&T line. Don't knock it. That was one of our better calls. Here's Miami, hello. Miami, Mars, Longbowl, and when you say Miami, you talking, Mars, Mars, yeah, Miami, Mars, you pick the money, go through. Here's a mobile and four-loader, hello. I want to talk about two or four times today, sir. He's an old fart that they never shoot out in the first place. Put a sandwich under each arm pit and send him back. What do you think they have to get for him though? What do we get? No, they said that all they would give is like a future draft pick or a minor figure. I think he's got a difference. It's $1.7 million of money wasted in the payroll. Get rid of him. It was a big one. I'm worth your there. Another BM mistake. Another one, a long list of many. Get rid of him. Yeah, I'm poor, I like you. I'm poor enough to go to all the games and I've picked and punished myself every week. Yeah. I don't know what that, sir. Anyway, thank you a lot. Okay. 5.60, 5.60, 5.60, 5.60 on the AT&T. And for I just scares the living daylights out of me. It scares the crap out of me. The worth of knowledge in this community. It's just staggering. It's astonishing. Here's a mobile info waterdale. Hello. Here's a stationary info waterdale. You know, just I was away this week and when I got back, I saw that headline this morning. And the fact that they had that press conference during the Dolphins game when they bought it on the game started for a clockster. What? The press conference. 130. I see all that a time. I figured they tried to sneak it in when no one was looking. Well, they did. Which nobody was looking. Right. Which tells you everything you need to know about the shady characters in my Annie. Right. And how stupid John Henry is. I mean, no one's going to go down there. Because all the sports people either after Dolphins game or on their way to it or watching some other ball game, they weren't paying attention to that. Right. So that should tell the people in their county, everything they need to know about this entire deal. But it doesn't make any difference because the people I've never said about it now anyway. And I just want to, also, like, you know, I was in Atlanta over the weekend and that Philips Arena, they have downtown in Atlanta. It's gorgeous. And we saw the St. Louis Blues there for out of the night. Place was sold out. And the funny thing is yesterday in Atlanta during a constitution, they have a guy who covers the thrashers, which are an expansion team. He has his top five and bottom five teams, you know, like all guys those here. Right. And what do you think he had? Worst team in the league. Panters. That right in Atlanta. Well, I don't know where it's going to be. It doesn't make any of his weather. Why the riser I had to be with looking at standing there. They won their sixth game finally. And, and sickle, it's just horrible. And built before I gave him a vote of confidence for both Murray brothers. Sir, let me say it for the last time. Until Wayne makes his deal, nothing is going to change. The organization just froze in and time. Nobody can do anything until he makes his deal and unload this thing. All right. No. And we end same to you. The ones that have to pay for it. We're stuck with it. Which is one more reason. I mean, what how many times do these owners have to slap the public in the face before you say all of them? And more and more people are saying, put to all of them. You watch any sporting event on television. And you see these huge chunks of empty seats that don't have to make you want to give up huge chunks of any recent civil meals to think that people are spending millions and billions of dollars to something I've garbage. Because the TV is going to have a major league team. And if Salad is going to have a major league team, if Sir just Michigan's going to have a major league team. And see if I could die or have to have a major league team. Greed, the same thing that did in the goddamn Romans is going to do in us. Greed. Having your priorities all screwed up. Or at least they had a good time doing it. I still, I want one good thing though. If they're still, if they do build it and they are the models they'll make it, the great place they have on Colosseum down there. Glad leaders. Or you think of a feeding those? No, I'm thinking of showing the Christians to the lines again. Only this time doing it right. Here's a mobile in Boker, hello. Hey, come on in there. We'll see you happen on how you're doing. Okay. I probably paint a call on you from Boker. First of all, I wanted to tell you I was in this couple's house. A couple of big fat moths of balls in there to spawn. And I turned your radio show on and the woman came in and pulled the plug. I said, put the radio show on or a mod a year. So she plugged it back in. Really? They were doing one good. But, oh, the weekend I went to six different publics. This defined your cobbled solutions. And I finally found it up this way. I've lost five pounds on already. I told the store manager to get some more flavors. And I only had it was at Charquett. Yeah. And I wanted the strawberry and the other one, the vanilla. And they'd always had in there. I said, you know, Neil is giving you so much advertisement on it. If anybody's listening to this, they ought to send you a couple of cases of the stuff. And if they're not advertising on your radio by the end of the week, we'll always people going out with this Boker or Torn Out trip. Cobbos solutions. Yeah. And they can't get anybody on that I want. Yeah. They get people on that we don't want to talk about. But they can't get too many folks on that we like, you know. Well, you know, the sales managers, that's a failed salesman. I don't know what a manager's doing in there anyway. Get some people that want to work out. They're like, you know, they're sitting around watching you on the toolbar. They're not going to listen to nobody. They've got to go out and get some some stores, man. Okay. Once the work anymore. Okay. Good luck. You're about to keep it up. Okay. What do you say are sales department sucks? I don't know. I sure got to stum on it. Has anything met him yet? And he knows they're bunch of losers. Five, six, seven. Don't forget our pizza wants to parent six and I'm paying them on the night. First of all, see these concept t-shirts. And we have those free buttons. These are free key chains tomorrow. Yeah. We got the. No. I didn't say that. You know, you know, somebody will shove it. Or you said you have those free key chains. We don't have not only do we have free key chains. We don't have any more key chains. They're all gone. They're the key. I almost forgot to tell you. That's what's going to be back in New York tomorrow night. But he'll get you those keys on another occasion. He's going back for one day. He can't get me the keys on another occasion. I can't get you a key. He can stick the keys of his self-serving ass. I have an apartment asked of him. Thank you. Much bigger and better one than he has. Thank you. And he can take his keys and stick them up his big self-serving. Self-quandizing. I'm the center of the universe. Ask is what our goals can do. And you can tell them that in those words. I'm sure it's the next time you speak. I hope he is. I hope he is. I'm just biting my tongue. You know, I'm just biting my tongue. Here's homestead. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Speaking of Biden, the tongue. Did you hear the latest scandal about the Catherine Harris. I'm listening sir. Okay. Thanks. I'm listening sir. Okay. Thanks. That was good. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. It just never ceases to amaze us. It just keeps getting better and better. How much better can you get than this? Cooper City. Hello. Yes sir. I'm always a stadiumist for us to take the bill. 2004 it's supposed to open 2004. If they could wait to 2006, they'd be eagerly and could pull out the first pitch. Yeah. 560, 50, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's Kent. Okay. Last couple of calls here. Here's Meramar. Hello. What is it? Same here Mar. I said Meramar. I saw you were breaking up. Okay. Well I said, see part of the alien thing. There's a banner flying over the game. I said, push victory. Thanks. Yeah. That was wonderful. Yeah. Well it's called that I something. It's been a year ago I wrote this down. You had an anniversary this week. Can't have the anniversary. No I didn't. And I thought it was an anniversary. When you came out of the closet on the air. All of that December 17th. That was yesterday. Yeah. What's up. What's up. What's up. What's up. What's up. What's up. What's up. What's up. What's up. What's up. Okay. Last call today is a mobile in April. And that's it. Hello. Hi. I'm glad. I tried to buy your CD over at a local stacks in Merrallow. Really? If you get a portion of the ship some more over or something. I'll work on it. I'll probably help the cops. Okay. Take care. Okay. That takes care of the show today. I'm going to cut it short. So you're taking off next week. Yeah. We don't have to be here. I think I take a few years to go to Vegas. Why don't we don't have any reason to be here. Except payday course. I'm sure we're going to be getting paid early. Wouldn't we? I'm going to make this come in. I'm Christmas day after Christmas. Or what if in fact next Monday's Christmas. So I'm assuming that those of us who get paid by check will get paid early. And take several days off. Screw this. This audience has got no interest whatsoever. What they are saying is most of it. I wouldn't wish on Hitler. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Last attempt. Last desperate gas period on a desperate Monday. Yeah. Take a deep breath. And those fly to too much of that crap on your meat. Here's a mobile and palm beach. Hello. Body going. Here's Miami. Hello. Hey. I'm off straight. I'm off the stadium. Yeah. I live through all my life. And the reason you won't probably see it had blinder Robertson coming out against it. And not the editorial board. It's because the hill was only interested in getting their property guys to go up along that shoreline. And they don't want to bring it to a vote. And you know, there were clamoring all about the people's right to vote. And you don't see that a total of the hairlip saying, hey, this needs to go to a referendum. I know this was very conspicuous. But missing any editorial either way in the hill. I looked just to be sure to see what they were going to say. And they didn't say nothing. You know, it's that I'm a business owner in this town. And my family property taxes and it takes a hit. I employ 20 people that work in the city Miami. I live in the city of Miami. And nobody cares about me. Nobody cares about my business. Right. Just give us right a check. Pay the property tax. You got it. Even though in the Toshival on, take a trip to Spain. You're spending $40 million dollars promoting tourism. Nobody cares about it. And it's sick. I mean, what is this town about? This town ever since Andrew, this town has been destroyed anyway. There was a great white flight at a date counting. Going up to Brown or counting. Nobody wants to talk about. There's nobody left down here. We're right. And it's sad to see. And from someone who lived here all his life. But it is, it's a travesty. I don't know why. There's no business is coming here. Technology started to start up a little bit. But why would a corporation come to this town when there's no benefit for business being here? While you care about a greedy owners building the stadium and a rena's. And that's all people care about. And you know, Alex, to mellis, you know, John Henry, you have that little quote. I must be crazy. You might have to be nuts. Yeah. The people in this town are crazy in nuts. They have people, leaders, and mayors in this town that are corral and panellists. And there's a handful of people that run this town. It's been that way since Duke Clark was alive. And it'll always be that way. Forget the people. It's about a good select for you that can make money off this issue. And that's all that matters. And the people need to start getting upset about it. It's disgusting to not be sure that it happened. It's not been tripped for 25 years. I mean, I could be in a mental institution for all the good it did. But it just, it's hopeless. Then you know, something good people that are lifting this town get to hell out. Because there's nothing else for you. They tell you that every time something like this comes up. The hell does the travesty. Yeah. I've called you about a year and a half ago saying to Miami News. You know, the herald has never been the same since the Miami News. Well, because nobody's ever challenged them. Right. And the airport, they had a great, expose on the airport a couple years ago. And that was the end of the. Seems like forever. But everything they run in this town that the government runs in this town is corrupt. The port, the airport. And now they have the arena to be corrupt and a travesty. The kind of everybody they got past porting get out of date, you're right. Okay. Good luck, Mr. One twenty eight to five sixty QAM. This is five six the UAFs. The real Roger show, sports radio five sixties. QAM. I've watched the big arm like Christmas. I've watched the big arm like Christmas. I've watched the big arm like Christmas. You know, five or two years. I've watched the big arm like Christmas. I've watched the big arm like Christmas. I've watched the big arm like Christmas. You know, five or two years. He likes that. I've got the big arm like Christmas. Oh, man. He likes the brand of color. He's a little blind. He's a little blind. He's a little blind. Trying to plant wood, not wood, cloth, in the sand. His wood, the sand. When the ground goes, When the wind does lead, He's a little blind. A shot on the floor. All the sand runs through the land. The ginseng was gone from the ground. All the sand was gone. He tried to throw you away. To the cage, He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. He was a little blind. Questions? Sort of a trick. Now let me give you five, sixty Who's a lattices and two that are like your referent and who are you among Two. You know, who could not listen. I mean well, I don't need a five sixty VoyM. Two calls left in a� Ilroy boy, ups and regulations on you. That's what we said. Now I said that right at the beginning of the show and I should just stick with that. It allowed many years to my life. If I just forget about the people in the big county, whatever happens to you, you deserve. That was excellent. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Here's the lady mobile in the fall. So I'm Neil. I hope I did top that call. I'm pissed off as hell. Let me tell you why. Last week, for the first time in my entire life, I had my water turned off by Miami-Dade Water and Fluid Department because I failed to pay the bill. And now I read the paper yesterday they want us to subsidize a ballpark. What does that have to do with you not paying your bill? I'm pissed off because now they're asking me to pay the deposit on my account and I've been a customer for 20 years. You know, this county is run, just like the business that I worked or bell south. I swear to God, nobody is running this ship. They're just dressed in a long and doable whatever the hell they wanted to. Sounds like a busy broadcast in the rain. Well, it could be them too. It could be a tribe vector. Okay, well listen, pay the bill. Okay, last call. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T line out of the town line. 877-785-62345. Here's Miami, hello. Biba, Alex, Padella, Jorch, Dauly, Bush. That's about what is fourth time today. That crazy spick. Well, there's a couple of me that you pissed off because they're the ones that get increased, you know. Are you ready on their parade? Are you ready on their parade? Are you ready? I'll grease this. Think a couple of them are those top show hosts that love you so much. Really? Well, they're on the payroll. And you notice that the hitter had a great job on that investigative report that they've buried on about page 36 and we never saw any follow up either. On the Julios that were getting paid to express certain views and Spanish language radio on this town. Oh, that was going to be a big expose and by the blah blah. And they buried it on a page like I said, pay 145 and never any follow up. One of the great flaws of a purpose traded in this town. But you see they're afraid to alienate certain constituents. You see that dimension A names. You have no idea how difficult it is to restrain myself from jumping right on a bandwagon that the Saudis, they would just love me to be the ringleader. They knew any shafre. Oh, yeah, you have no idea. Because it's not it's not hard to despise the whole Cuban thing in Dave County when you live down it. It's very easy to generalize new minds and say, oh, they almost feel like those green took lunatics. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hey, I don't. Great. I'm sorry for an article that I found. I can shift in the United States. I'm thinking about another 20 years or so. People of color are going to be in a majority and I was wondering if you think that's going to have an image or impact on people of color are going to be in the majority. Yeah. Or give or give you redet. That's what what do you mean people of color? Well, I mean you don't mean black. You mean people are not white. So what does that have to do with anything? Well, people found through history. People that feel have been oppressed when they're in the minority, they're very quiet, but as soon as they get into the majority, things change rapidly. Lot of civil unrest and things. Well, it seems to me that the first three appointments that the new president just made two of them were black and one was Hispanic. What does that have to do with civil unrest and with the revolution? Well, they're not in the majority yet. What difference does it make? In other words, when the count gets one past 50 percent, then we're going to have a revolution is that what you're saying? I think it's very possible. Yes. I think you're delusional and psychotic and a bigot. 560, 050, 5060. See what I mean? I just said, wait, right over the comment. I may be for that right under that call. And then I think the Donald Warshaw, and I think of Joe Gerson and Barry Schweiber, and Larry Smith, and the long list of non-Hispanic cooks that we've had down here. And jab Bush. And what's your name, Secretary of Bush? So we like to spread it around. Here's a cuff. 560, 050, 5060, pound, 560 on the AT&T lines. This one crazy person after another. It's not other crazy person than that. Here comes another one. It's crazy Monday. Here in South Florida. And you wonder why this state's screwed up the election? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. How's it going, Neil? Oh, great. Dr. Gus. Neil. Here's your work, and I do for you. Well, I'll basically just hang in there, man. I mean, I'm lifting thing. I feel for you because I feel the crap that you're going to. But the Spanish station is by the way, and all the median fanages are eating it up and saying how good it's going to be for the community and block-cast. I don't care. I don't care what this Spanish station is. They're saying I'm not interested. I have no interest in the Spanish station. There's only a bunch of panders. I agree with you, man. No, but on a Miami. Okay. Just make sure there's the bananas on it. Here's Hialia. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay. I bet you that. I bet the holidays, by the way. I bet the guy who's saying Bush and vanilla, but you gave for them. I bet you he was on the guy that's burning the American flag with the alien dilemma. I don't know. Selfish, Julio. I just wanted to talk to you real quick about a roasted bird. I was diagnosed with that. And I know it's interesting to the public, but who cares? I want to speak to you about it. I was diagnosed with a roasted bird and they gave me this new red key roasted. You roasted bird? What does that mean? Well, it's more serious than the regular bird. Wow. And the game, this medicine called Asapex for it. And Asapex? I'm sorry. Asapex? Asapex. Why not those are? Yeah. But I want to speak to you real quickly and real briefly about what were the major symptoms that you were having. Are you getting pain in your upper abdomen radiated to the chest and other areas of the body? Yeah. Because that's what I've been getting in on. But why are you asking me why would you be asking your doctor? I mean, I'm no doctor. I do. Well, the doctor is a good, but it's our instinct to somebody who was diagnosed with a succinct that was getting a... I don't have e-rosive good. I just have playing every day where you're in a roasted bird. That's true. But that was one of those symptoms, correct? Yeah. Did it wiki up into the middle of the night? No. It didn't wiki up at the middle of the night. No. Okay. I'm trying to get some bearing on this because I'm a little worried about it. I just wanted to call you back. What was that? How long have you been taking medication? Well, for about ten days. And a little bit of improvement, but it's still getting the symptoms. I don't know if it takes this while for the medication to take longer to take effect. What is your doctor, Tanya? I told me to double up the dosage. So I double up the dosage about two, three days ago, but I'm still getting some of the symptoms. I had the doctor another doctor. I had a doctor another doctor. I find a real doctor. Well, I did get some of those. You wanted the best in South Florida. Well, that didn't seem much fun. You're another doctor. Yeah. Okay. Thank you. I'll see you up below. One of the best in South Florida when it comes to doctors. Me is about like that. Trust me. Twenty-me for our what was your name again? I've been here forty times with you. Twenty-me four two at five sixty-wt. This is five sixty. QAF. Oh, Neil. My queen. God. Ha-ha. That's true. Not God. But Henry crowns, listen. Oh great tith continue. The life is visit. The connection uses as a meditation. I'm wearing her clothes for satowns. And her pillow concerns me whole day. Walking flat and mine anomalies They're in her men. In the cold of the world and today, It feels strange. Like we get in, It holds me so tight, I can't come that night Walk around and we'll be done to where you are. In the office there's a guy named Maldon. If we're changed that I am a thief, I'll never be hurt. It's the only way we'll save. Whoa, man! The pain of the light is out of town. Later on, in the water, We can trade, Like my daughter, But I'm from high shades At your love for a ring. The beauty of the land is in us to where they are. Like the prison, And the death of the night, And the shut up, Where is the close, Still pain to go, Walk around and we'll be done to where you are. Walk around and we'll be done to where you are. Walk around and we'll be done to where you are. We finally found a channel. We don't have to get the first to about the travel channels catching on. They got shows where they got young people on the beach models. You know, guys, gals, Somewhere not sure. Rubbing the oil on their bodies and changing clothes and doing stuff by the beach. There you go. That's what everybody wants to see. I don't want to see those goddamn stock market days. We sure saw the one seeing more of MSNBC and CNN and Fox and Shlocks. Not for a long time. Here's a mobile and cross-praying, Hello. Yes, sir. I hope I have something that's a shield of it. A fire member correctly over a year is the only such a rocky road ice cream. Yes. Well, one of the two wants to be a millionaire. One of the questions that was worth about $8,000. And $10,000. And $10,000. At what time did rocky road ice cream first appear? World water one? Yeah. World water two or the Korean water. I mean, I didn't know the answer, but I was surprised at it. What was the answer? The pressure. The pressure? The pressure? Yes. I thought that I might want to first appear. Yeah, well, I guess it's a good writing. You know, it's kind of a rocky road. No, that's the time it was. Okay, thank you. Okay, thank you. Five, six, seven, oh five, sixty, pound five, sixty, on the AT&T and Verizon. I was like, hey, Robert, from Schuylers' day to a two o'clock. None too soon by the way. Let me tell you. Oh, brother. This has been a real fly opener today. Here's Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. Okay. Speaking of all the scams that's going on in Miami, if you heard about the Cardinal Michelle, do you or got down on what they think is in Amazon, Italy? No. Here's the article, right from the Maple Village, just a little short paragraph. The highest ranking church official ever to stand criminal trial in Italy. Prosecutors, alleged Cardinal supplied $800,000 to finance the highest ranking church official, the highest ranking church official, the highest ranking church official, the highest ranking church official, the highest ranking church official, the highest ranking church official. So they charged $800,000 to finance a long-sharking ring, runs by his brother and appropriated another 500,000 in Church funds. You're accepting those? Great. The Vatican has no comment on the tariffs installation. Of course not. Although the protest, they have the 갑inev Despedcia, soccer for igen, the pickup graphist, and Bud Dis shown. Just another wonderful. I love it. This is another ice bucketing. Thanks. Of course we also know... and the church. But you folks, you keep subsidizing it, okay, and you have a good clear conscience because the Lord, he likes it that way. Good old God. 560560, POMP 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless lines. Thank God, we got a whole bunch of independent free-takers in the day count. Yeah, three of them. Let's see, the Kleinbergs and maybe there must be one other one. Oh, yeah, Linda Robertson. Here's Miami, hello. Hey, Niel, how you doing? Okay. I got hearing my boss's coming. Hey, listen, you know, I'm not really feeling too good because it's often lost. There's only two things that can make me feel real good. One is either playing naked tools, two with the Miami-Dolphin cheerleader or two hearing a big black-eyed man bent or the self-ful canke. You play it for me, please. No. 560560, POMP 560 on the AT&T, you better or twist naked with the cheerleader. It's okay because I think that's only short you got. Okay, and chance of that. No. Like I said, feel bad. These haven't sure, hello. I'm looking at with a different time from Europe and I just simply amazed me that the taxpayers over here subsidized bartamiliners building sport trainers. This thing is 315 million bartamilin. bartamilin is going to be 500. bartamilin is fine and so on. But I'm more careful. It's going to be 2 billion. Who's going to pay the bill? Hold a tax point. Miami never been a brain, first of America, you know, but a rival of Cuba and dilute the living, the little we had here. But this is amazing, of course, you get people. One guy called you and says they would list a money away anyway. Yeah, but he was the real genius. Yeah, he was a rocket scientist. And then he said, let us cruise and hospital slide that he says, yeah. I mean, the more I think even realized that you were really making a mess of him. No, he was doing a good job, I'm so. Oh, yeah, he did it. He didn't have help from you. I tell you, the course you'll get, especially from higher, Leah, you know what I lack about Cuba's nothing, but it's that note, have a bit of a day. Proteins. Right. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Somebody say, like, about Cuba's anything? No. Something. No. No. I like Miguel. Greg, read, don't though. Chris, we don't like you that much either. Maybe you just don't like Cuba. That could be it. 15, 15, 15, 50, Q, A, M. This is 5, 60. Q, A, M. Neil Roger show. Sports radio, 5, 60. Q, A, M. Greg, H, M. Yeah, you all like my folks, yeah. I mean, you're buns like Mr. Whipple. Brilliant, yes, you're on my questions. Yeah, you're on your! You support the new stadium in Miami for the Marlins. 391 votes. 1. 100. Yes. 291. No. 2. I'm about to hear anything. I'm about to hear anything. I'm about to hear anything. I could be wrong. I could be overestimating. I'm about to get 90. I'm about to get 90. I'm about to get 90. I'm about to get 90. I'm about to get 90. I'm about to get 90. I'm about to get 90. I'm about to get 90. I'm about to get 90. I'm about to get 90. I'm about to get 90. I'm about to get 90. I'm about to get 90. I'm about to get 90. I'm about to get 90. I'm about to get 90. I'm about to get 90. Number, it's easy today. Number one. Number one. Number. Number one. Number one. Number one. Number one. Number one. Number five. Natalie. Brenda. The Rebecca Ustner said they Bliz. Tell me we're going to do 200. Why is Ty either. Why is finding it wrong? If Ty was someone standard, you'd be 100. If Ty was a standard, you would, you'd probably not be 100. If you've been driving it round? If You're driving around, have you seen... and he got pissed off and he pulled me over and gave me a ticket. Yeah. So I guess old jutsor has his goons down here collecting or not collecting and storing money from the date state county people. Can you believe that? Well, I just wanted to ask you if you had seen any state officer and that you know, they were authorized to give tickets down here. Everybody give tickets. The guy from the C.C. where am I thinking where it's at? Oh yeah. Well, I'm still going to go tomorrow night to your Shin Big down there at the pizza law. Okay. Well, watch out for the Nazis. Okay. Yeah. Good one too. Oh yeah. Everybody can the C. Put the ring. Put the ring. Put the ring. The purpose. That would be cookie. The ring patrol pulled you over on land. Yeah. But they can't. Sure they can. What if they're in the immigration people? You better hope they never pull your ass over. Oh. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. I got the good news. 3,000 one and March. Bush will have to resign. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. We got three minutes to go here folks. You have been so weak today. I give you a nice gift on Friday. A great show. Get us out of there. That one on the momentality. Get everybody away from their depression. We played all request. Everybody was crawling from that show. We had a great time. I'll come in here on a Monday. And this is the worst like stripe and a post. I have never seen anything like this. This is pathetic. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. Everybody must be out of town. They must all be gone.