Sports Radio 560 W2AM Miami Fort Latterdale presents the Neil Rogers Show. We're talking Neil, called 567-0560 toll free for David Broward or pound 560 on your cell phone. Our opinions of Neil, his guest, Pauler's, or anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of WQAM, easily read acquisitions or the Beesley Broadcast Group. Now, Neil Rogers, on Sports Radio 560-28, this is Brett Hediken and you're listening to South Florida's hockey authority. Neil Rogers, they've been around as long as Jerry Garcia, Bob, we're in those guys. They've just done things differently. They're the ungrateful dead, with a new live album called Sitown and Shut Up. Here's the title track. Hey, what's the thing in the live with every song? We don't need your help. Just sit out and shut up. Twenty years of the ungrateful dead at their best. Live. Why do you stupid people follow us everywhere? We play the same for every night in a live. You're a record player. Oh, now, and get this never-before-release bonus. Cut. Security. Probe's shut up. Sit down and shut up. No, from the ungrateful death. We've changed the big module. It's not the cater to you, Pete. 10. Oh, two, a five, 60, WQM. What a great night at the Mac Arena last night. How do you get it? How do you get it? Those range are people too bad. What did I tell you? You should go with me, man. I'm the money expert. Am I the money expert? No, nothing about it. But what did I tell you? Five, two final score yesterday was it five and two? No, but it was three nothing. It isn't three nothing. The same is five and two. A three goal victory, not the same? Yeah, only three nothing is better because it's a shout out for the great Mike Gordon. I was going there, Mike. I'm pretty good proud last night, two 17,000 and a some odd 17,747. Not too bad for us. Anyway, here on the front page of the newspaper, let's resolve this. Let's take care of business right off the bat before we get it on the other good stuff. Holocaust. German asks Israel to forgive. No, German president Johannes Rao, just his Yalmaqa Wednesday. He's wearing a beanie during a visit to the Holocaust Memorial in Jerusalem. And we're out on a six day visit to the Middle East, also address Israel's parliament, asking lawmakers to forgive his nation for the Holocaust. No, no, the answer is no. Do we forgive? No, no. It's a beautiful country, though, Germany. In fact, I will share with you right now. We'll share with you in Colon, have one of those rot worst or in Berlin on the Kudan. Be cool first in down. It's a beautiful country. In fact, I also would love to see Frankfort and Hamburg and Munich. Wunchen. They're Wunchen on it right now over there. But do we forgive? No, you're still a bunch of Nazi. And of course, the Austrians forget about them all together. So we had a very interesting night last night about 15 million different people came by to see me including some stock market people, which I appreciate. I got their business cards. Had my meeting yesterday with my stock guy who basically said, yeah, that's basically what he said. That's seriously, but I beat by the boot, but I bought a boot. Yeah. You're screwed. It's really what he said. And they said those words. And when I walked out of there, he assumes them very happy. Am I very happy? No, no, but there's nothing I can do about it. And then I had one guy in elder, run out elderly, but like a middle age guy comes up to me who sat on the board of the New York Stock Exchange. He says for 17 years, something like that. And give me a little lecture. It's a very nice man, but he lectured me. He was right. Because when it comes to, I mean, most people, when it comes to finance or more on. Most people know nothing about options and long and short. I know short. Long, I don't know. Firstly, most people know little or nothing about the stock market about investing about anything having to do with money with finance. So I'm not one of these people. It comes on here and then brags and makes up stories about what a genius I am. And all I made this in this mark. And somebody who feels like people are going to the track. I don't want to mention any names, but we have some people on this station who never, ever, lose at the track. You know, I'm saying every time they go to the track, oh, I had a big killing every time they make their illegal bets on ball games. Oh, I had a great day. They never lose. I've never met such a person in my life. Ever. And I've been going to the track for 40 years. Never met anybody who wins all the time. In fact, I never met anybody who wins consistently. I mean, like on a regular basis at the track or in the stock market or anything else. I'm sure that such creatures must exist out there. I've just never met them. And I think that most people attend this stuff like that. They're compulsive liars. It's an ego thing. See, if I tell you, oh, gee, look how much smarter I am than you because I want to, I want 20 grand at the track. I hit the pick six. I want 20 grand at the track last Sunday. And I, you know, my, my God, all these investments in AOL and all these great stocks and my investments are about 48% this year. Then it makes it, it gives the impression that I'm a big shot that I'm so much smarter than everybody else. Which generally I think with that reveals as a video deep seated in periodic complex. Do you want to meet? Oh, yeah. That's what that's all about. People that have to make up stories about how much they want. And you know they're full of crap. Most of the time. I mean, you're the dog has this day. So anyway, this guy's lecturing me about any sand, you know, I'm really shocked that you I heard what you were saying and you're such a bright guy. You're so intelligent. Yeah. Yeah. Because he hears all these brilliant things I say on your life. Like that. And he says, I just can't believe that you would put all your money, your life savings in the hands of one of these guys. He said, you can read. You can make your own decisions. You can not make your own picks. You can see what's going on. And you can control it yourself and your money, too. And I thought to myself, and I said, well, to be honest, you that I was doing better before when I was doing my own. And I know nothing. I know absolutely nothing. One thing I do know is that when you get those newsletters, even even the fancy fancy ones like Value Line, they should only croak and some of the other ones. They're for a crap. It's a crap shoot. And they got nothing. Because they're taking X number of dollars from you for sending you this bull crap. And if they, you know, they're all saying, if you throw enough crap up under the air, then somebody comes down and hits the ground, hey, look at these people are geniuses. And if not, they're not at any money. So you won't renew your subscription. 100 other suckers will come along and do it. Because they got all this great glossy literature. They put out and all these big books with a graphs and the charts like they really know something. They know anything. They don't know crap. My little dog, my mint pin. My toy dog. Whatever it hell he is, this is today. He knows more about finance. Seriously, I could have, I could take the, the financial page. You know what I'm going to say. And lay it down there in my front then, which is his favorite room for when he's in just in the right mood. I mean, a dog's only 11 years old by now. You think he'd be housebroken. What she is, but every now and then he gets in the right mood. Hey, just, yeah. And I could just lay the paper out there and leave it there for weeks and let him drop a little less load next to an engine. Just pick those stocks and probably do better than most of these self-proclaimed experts. Because they give you a lot of double talk. And quite frankly, some of the stuff I heard yesterday afternoon from this man who's got all of my money in his hands was terrifying. Terrifying. On the one hand, he's lecturing me that he doesn't want me investing all this gigantic amount of money in this, or one portfolio in Europe. And yet on the other hand, he's got exactly that amount of money invested in one little teeny tiny country, in one little fund in that country, in the Netherlands, which I love the Netherlands. I love Amsterdam. I mean, I want to give my money. Does that make any sense to anybody? No, of course not. Does the economy of the Netherlands compare England and Germany and France into the... Oh, and Switzerland, of course not. Right? Swarts? No. So, my way to make a long story short this guy came by and chastised me and I accept his attachment. Like a man. He slapped me around a face a couple of times and gave me some echo of Elvis. And I hit... Here you go. And it felt really good. And then another guy came by and gave me his card. He's going to be sorry. I'll get it in just a second. The guy who's in charge of the concessions at the macarina invited me to a major fan, to bed, huh? Too bad about that. What did I tell you yesterday about kicking the rass about how overrated they aren't, how they spent all this money. That the old fairy he sure looked the last night didn't they? Ehh! The old fairy. And by the way, see, oh, we know you were waking up backstage. You and Shelley Kennedy there. We know what was going on. You're not fooling any of us. And even the big sparks are played pretty good last night. Well, boy, this just crowd. I mean, that's their favorite. Forget about Pavelle, Burrie and Ray Whitney. Small potatoes. Mike's burning up. They like the big sparks are. That's what gets that crowd on their feet. And like I've told you before, white people they love having a big black guy named me. Whatever it is, the Gotham beat the crap out of whoever they don't like. They love that. They don't want to necessarily live in the same hood, but nevertheless they like seeing that. Nine minutes past ten at five, 60 W to Q AM. No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced without the express written permission of W. No, I mean, we can be reasonably-reached as position corps. Horton did South Florida a major blow job. And now it's time for another edition of the unpublished works of Dr. Sue. Today's election, Horton hears a hoe. Courtney Horton hears a hoe calling to him, have you got money to blow? Well, I guess Horton said quickly sporting a poll. There's a hundred in my bucket and it's burning a hole. I'll take off my clothes as you give me your cash. And Horton got excited as she exposed her bare essential. Horton didn't hold her and boy was he glad when she screamed, you're the biggest Gordon I ever had. When Horton was done, he smiled and set for a smoke. But the hose started laughing. Horton said, what's the joke? Then the hose turned around and Horton looked and got sick because this hoe, like Horton had a big hairy chest. That was another selection from the unpublished works of Dr. Sue. 1014, you're welcome to 560, you're a good day. So anyway, the good news is that Bruce Beesley, one of our, had the haunchos from Naples is going to be in a building. That's remember that we're here in the attic. Exactly. But before I get into this thing about the Salvatore Fruuleau, Salvatore J. Fruuleau, who's the General Manager of Boston and Concessions Group, which provides you with a great food at the Macarena, that great reasonably priced dog. He said, you know, food at the Macarena, who came up to me and gave, offer me his card and a guided tour, a guided tour of the entire food operation in the arena. In the abarion of the back of the sports section this morning is kind of an interesting article as we continue following the Cecil Collins watch. I guess you missed this Josie Lambeate over there to Sun Sentinel, and you're a newspaper. Second Collins allegation revealed. And I've just read this today for the benefit of those people who continue with attempting to make up these stories about while he had a song going sexual relationship with his teen and multi-brot. The same morning, then, often, running back Cecil Collins was arrested for climbing through a neighbor's window. Another woman complained to authorities about his un-welcome advances according to a court document filed yesterday. According to the document, the unidentified woman said she was driving eastbound on Interstate 595 when Collins began pursuing her and tried repeatedly to get her to stop her car. The incident allegedly occurred around 510 in the morning on December 16, just minutes before police say Collins climbed through the window to neighbor teen and northeast of part of the Palm Trace landings apartment complex. I started to get this picture. Like somebody on the station said, he wanted to get dip his wick. He was a little bit horny. I mean, this is amazing. When the unidentified driver exited at the Pine Island Road exit ramp, Collins stopped his car in front of hers, then caught up to her at the red light and asked her to just spend five minutes with me the document says. So, any? Yeah. Scorts court. When she asked why he responded, because you're so pretty and identified himself as Cecil Collins the document says. Prosecutor Dan Luzzi filed the document as evident of other crimes. The filing comes on the heels of the revelation by several statements collected by Collins attorney Fred Hadad. One of the statements was taken from a neighbor who said she saw Collins at her northeast apartment several times before Collins was arrested. Several other statements came from Dolphin teammates who said Collins had bragged about the relationship with a neighbor, which of course, that's a real unusual when guys jokes especially brag about all these fantasies that they have. Collins remains in the brawler County jail. No, he has said her prior relationship with Collins consisted of him harassing her for dates at the Jimny Department complex. The prosecutor has filed documents that alleged Collins exposed his sexual organs to two other women in the complex at the pool and in the gym. And of article, but of course, we also don't want to forget his prior record in Luzzi Atlanta. We got kicked out of school for similar incident. So when Cecil gets horny evidently if we believe these stories and I have no reason not to. When he gets horny, he just cruises around and finds some bits that looks pretty good to him and then pulls it over or pulls around or pulls pulls it out. He's got to have it. He's he'd be having it. He wants to dip that week. Don't you understand that? He wants to dip it. Maybe it's just not that he wants to dip because that's what she told him. That's not Cecil. He's still going to get the goddamn message. He's how you be spilling that. Oh, how sad. How really pathetic. So anyway, this guy comes over to me a bad mistake by the way, so I mean, you know, I seem lucky guy never stole a free train. Seems like a reasonable human being. I'm sitting there mind in my own business in between periods. And like many other people, this guy comes over. Chakes my hand and extends his card. It says national car rental center, the center of it all. He's the general manager of Boston Concessions Grouping. And I told him, I said, a lot of you glad to go on your tour. I'll take advantage of the young. You know, one of these days whenever you want. But I said, all I hear is a lot of complaints. I said, how about like the air Canada center up there in Toronto where the food would have a great selection. They got cheese burgers. No, I mean, really good stuff. You know, out there in the hallway, spirit of having between periods and during the game and after you celebrate another loss or whatever. And he says, you're right. That day, they really do a good job up there. And of course, my immediate reaction is, well, how come you guys can't do the same thing? Why is the food so freaking bad? Why is the selection so much less than it was last year? And why are the prices so God them outrageous? Tell me, so still. I mean, just, there are people seriously on death row for lesser crimes than the gouging that goes on there. For soda, for a beer, for a God them, stale crappy sandwich, for swell. And this meant, and I'll be willing to listen. Maybe there are people out there that have wonderful experiences that love the food there at the macarina. The pizza blows, the Philly cheese steak sandwich. In fact, I think the city of Philadelphia is going to follow suit for them calling that a Philly anything because it blows garbage. Dreck. I'm trying to think of somebody other stuff that I sampled because John generally gets some food there, which last time he was at the hospital three in the morning and his appendix had to be taken out, which I'm sure was just a coincidence. But just one of these things were, again, maybe I'm just having bad experiences. Like my experiences with dark folks in my life. You know, maybe it's just me. Maybe I'm making up my own, you know, wrong conclusions that are incorrect. Just based on bad personal experience. Maybe the food of the macarina sensational. Maybe the people there feel it's very fair price to get big portions. The ED's ice cream, for example, which I don't eat because I can't eat that stuff. Oh, and by the way, speaking of ED's ice cream, and this is going to piss off our good friends that gives me those certificates. He's a good guy. But I can't. I must tell it like it is. You know, the sugar, no sugar added, fat free, no sugar added. You following me? ED's is dealing with, and by the way, they only make it in those big half gallons. Guess what they replaced the sugar with. Something that ended a tall. There you go, nice gun, George. Maltutal. This is wrong half a step away from Sorbetal even though 40 times more powerful. Woo! Let me tell you. Want to think about that, ED's no sugar added. And I'll make you sh**. I can battle Terry or guts out like he wouldn't believe. You'll be smitten your brains for hours. So just the word of caution, okay? I know the ED's guys got to be unhappy with me, but I'm just telling us the way it is. Maltutal. Any product that you get with the sugar has been replaced by something else. Let's take a look at the label and if it ends in an OL like Sorbetal or Maltutal or Maltutal or Craputal or Craputal or Craputal or Craputal or Craputal or Craputal or Craputal or Craputal or Craputal or Craputal or Craputal or Craputal or Craputal or Craputal. Stay the hell away. So anyway, the ED's actually moved, and they've cut down the selection of flavors, which I think is like a very pedestrian chocolate and vanilla's only got. And they despises for the same amount they were charging last year or even more. The size is all of a sudden diminished. It's the law of diminishing return. They give you a little teeny tiny one, which quite frankly I'll pass on. That's I've already got one. Thank you. So that's my comment to Salvador for Rulon. I did tell him I said I heard nothing about a lot of complaints. I wasn't going to get into a big screaming match with him there, but the fact is that I'll listen. Maybe we've got some people that I would like to vent so I can pass them along to Salvador because he obviously does listen to this show because he may mention the fact that he heard some of my comment. And I hope they're listening right now because your food blows Salvador. And if you do know about the grateful to the Air Canada Center, why can't you replicate it? Well, see this is one of the things that they're always telling us. And I had a great time there last night because I had my diet soda. Did I eat any of the food? No, no, absolutely not. Oh, I take that back. I did eat two of the umurings that John bought with his whatever they have. That gross look and pizza was that he bought. I ate two of the other rings and all I can say Salvador. They suck. Really, seriously. Burger King has got better on the other hand. They probably got the worst on the other hand in my life. They're better than the onion rings at the macaroon. The worst. You know who you said great onion rings? Whoa. Are you going to start that again? I remember well than the ring. Oh, they're great. Big big big. You and Chrisman freshly made. Right. Still not good for it because they were deep fried, which is poison, but nevertheless, if you're willing to poison yourself on some of that leek, at least it should taste good. You follow my philosophy. If you're going to kill yourself and eat something that you know is harmful, at least let it be good as opposed to a bunch of cramps. Always back on the eating's again. Yeah, a bunch of cramps. I'm telling you that that's just tore my, in fact, I'm going to say this to you. If you're going to have any of those tests done when I had my IBS for those six weeks, you know where they, you know, they have to clean you out instead of drinking it at awful tasting stuff that they give you. My recommendation is just go out and get a half a gallon of eating. No sugar added fat free ice cream. And I promise you that you will do a 50 times better job. You'll allow yourself several hours in this of thrown times because I'm going to tell you it'll clean out things that you never even know you ingested in your bottle from years ago. You'll be a clean machine. There'll be no her she and that highway. I guarantee you that when you get done, eliminate. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Our first call of the day. A mobile in Miami. Are you doing now? Okay, sir. Well, a couple of comments. First of all, all the food at every arena and stadium in Miami sucks. Okay, that's the first thing. I don't even need to talk about that. We're going to have all the seats over the scumbag. And number three, I got a question. My boss would tell me this morning something about some sort of pill or cure for all timers that they were talking about. I don't know. Not a pill. I didn't see the whole story. They have some kind of a therapy where they, I didn't know what that was. It was a bizarre thing where they take the skin and they put it up through the neck. I don't know what it was. I think it was a foreskin. Right. Well, whatever it is, I heard that they tested it on like five people and it worked on for them to the point where these old guys that were completely, I mean, on their deathbed that they even even go to the bathroom and stuff. They're walking around and probably driving out the toilet. Exactly. I'm working so well on Reagan. He's going to run again this year. That's all we need. Yeah. Anyway, I know it's all I got meant. Thanks. Okay, I never break that. Yeah, that should go over big down here. I mean, it's a horrible disease. It's our grotesque, horrible, awful thing. No, it seriously really is. And it will never be something because you know, quite frankly, the medical profession other than the antibiotics. That's the big claim to fame. Antibiotics, which they over prescribed and of course it causes all these new strains of antibiotic resistant bacteria to be developing now, which is going to eventually kill all of us but nevertheless. But look at what a piss poor job they've done with cancer. In fact, if you look at the obituary, which I do every day, one in particular, I'm looking for I still haven't seen it. And if you look in the obituary, you'll notice that a lot of these people like these young, like the Oliver, the singer I talked about yesterday, 54 years old, did what he died from cancer. Now, yes, they have made some advances with prostate cancer and with certain kinds of cancer. But pretty weak. Common cold can occur to common cold. They got that new pill coming out that supposedly going to be less in the impact of a couple of days, but they still can't do anything about that. So not only are you a bunch of buttories out there in a medical profession, but you've done a really piss poor job with all the money the billions that are spent on research. They've really done a horrendous job of eliminating all of these things. But Alzheimer's that would be great. That would be wonderful. And then we can all live to 150 and don't have to be walking around all day, go and the like that. 26 after 10 at 5. 60, WQA, and let's hear about that food at the macarena. I can't hear all the common. I can't hear all the fake food. I can't hear the fake food. I can't hear the heat. And then the heat of crap. QAM drops the green flag. It's motorsport Saturday. Saturday morning that's fixed with choke as to. Oh, right here. On sports radio by 60. QA. It's light at Larry King and they don't come any better than Neil Rugg. It's new from these discount productions. Yes, for dental car thieves, be on notice. You will now be thrown back from any car you've tried to steal with the piercing sound of the all new macarena alarm. Yes, macarena alarm. Just yours today. Why? 10 30 at 5. 60 WQA. I have to laugh at some of these people who think that they can brainwash me. I mean, weaker people. People are easier to buy off with them. They'll free me or something like that. Sure, you can probably a brainwash them. You can get them to come on the area and pedal to your crap. But it's not going to happen here. Just like Hank's always talking about the crappy food at Joe Robby Stadium, which he's absolutely right. The state informally called. And he's also right about the fact that Carter racetrack is about the only place sporting place per mutual or other place where the food is really outstanding. Always has been two years consistently good. Most of the other places. Crap. I mean, garb Bosch. Week. And why is that? It's over price. I don't understand. I mean, I realize that these people are in the restaurant business per say. But when they give the concession out, and there's a lot of money involved as you know, all this bidding that goes on in the wars, but I mean, the people who are who do get the concession, they are supposedly in the food business. That's what they're doing. They're not out there driving a Zamboni. They're not keeping the ice cold. They're not out there, massage and the players backs. But what their business is supposed to be is they got in the food business. And this guy comes along and I even thinks because he gives me a smile and she's takes my hand and you know, sucks up to me. And he offers me a guided tour of his operation over there that I'm going to come on here. You know, and say wonderful things. It's not going to happen. And I'm sure that there must be exclusive restaurants in there that most of the rest of us pee ons can't get to, which is what he's going to show me. That's fine. But the average smuck out there who's paying $60 for a seat by the way in my section. And you're right. You folks, you're absolutely right. I mean, it does break my heart that we couldn't even sell all our game like last night. Because it was a great game of good time was head by all. $60 bucks for a guide that that's a buck a minute. No much weed you can get for that. $60 bucks for a 60 minute game. And unlike last night, which was a very good game, especially the lives of periods. You know, some of those games maybe 40 of the 60 minutes that you could read a book. You could take a nap. $60 bucks. And then the top and off by insulting the public. See, you just don't get it. And just like this coming Monday, when they're going to have that game in the afternoon, three and a half to know most of you people out there are going to have to work on Monday. I'm going to have to work on Monday. And after race to hell out here and fly to hell up there in the go see that game. Stupid, stupid, stupid idiotic like that thing said. Exactly. Exactly. They just don't get it. And I have more people to come to me. I mean, what am I going to do about it? Come in, cry and wind me about it. They call the box office and they try to buy tickets. They try to add to their scenes and they can, and nobody calls them back. You know, I never heard of such a thing. Here are people that are always crying. We can't celebrate place out. We watch your money. We need to make a couple of more billion before you get it. He ditches this thing. And you want to give your money. They still want to take it. Here's a mobile and home sound. Hello. Wow. Neil, welcome back. Yes, sir. I listen. I think ESPN's trying to do a little different thing on TV last time. I was watching the game. Yeah. And they had their direction was on for about the first 10 minutes. The over talk, the guys that are doing the TV and everything. You can hear them all talking about the shots and what to do. And some of it was things you can't even say. Really? Oh, yeah. Yeah, I was surprised. So like I've always said, if it's a sporting thing, you can say all those words on the air, then it's okay. Even though, of course, there's a lot of kids watching those sporting things. But then it's okay. Well, obviously, you have to see hard of work again. Obviously, they didn't know they were on the air because they were doing the countdown. How could they not know who they were on the air? Of course, they knew they were on the air. That's the guys behind the scenes, doing the TV camera. Right. Of course, they knew they were on the air. You think they did just it spontaneously? It's just that that's the way we all people talk. Oh, well, yeah, you came down about nine minutes. Listen, now I was talking about going in this weekend to the game. Should I bring a box of depends? For what? Well, if I'm going to eat that food there. Yeah, it all depends on what you eat. Okay, have a great time, pal. No, eat before you come there. That's my suggestion. Go over there. See guilty at the Hard Rock Cafe or go over there in the illegal seafood right across the street and the Oasis and the sub-race, which is outstanding. One of our fine sponsors and then sensational food. Because if you're going to expect to get edible food in that place, and in addition to what you're course, then that's the prospect of seeing all these people getting up and down and slept on all over the food. And you know, something that was these in food, and it was priced fairly, it wouldn't bother me that much. But watching all these people squeeze in back and forth and jump and all around. And of course, I don't know, weak that especially I understand it because a lot of people come from work. That's why most places you'll find on a weekdays, a lady arriving crowd like we usually have because people have to drive through all the traffic. They have to come from work. Maybe they go home, they do this, they take a shower, they take a crap out of there, they do it. And then they have to run into car and throw the whole family in there and zip up to where we're going. So Mr. Ferrullo, I would like to suggest you with all the respect that your food stinks, that it needs to complete overhaul. The selection is minimal at best. The prices are ridiculous, like I said, Gauji would be a compliment to you, sir. Mr. Ferrullo. And quite frankly, I think you're in a wrong business. No, he's a general manager of Boston Concessions Group. Their food sucks. It's plain and simple. And I never would have brought this up today. If, except for the fact that this guy made me this offer and gave me his business card, which I have right in front of me here, his name is Salvatore J. Ferrullo. And the phone number by the way, if you'd like to complain that his office said, well, he gave me the card. He's got a fax number, a phone number right there at the one panther parkway in the Intercenter. A phone number, it's 954, 835, 7901. And the fax number is 954, 835, 7908. If you'd like to fax him, you're comments on a delectable food, the great choices and the delicious food at the macaroni. And of course, those great, one you just do. Price is too. Here's a mobile and tombe, Chelo. Neil God. Yes sir. Great game. It was great. It was great. You know I am a leech fan. I play on the same ice, I think Connecticut with them. Another thing, the food thing is you're right. It sucks, but I had the corn beef last night. I don't think you're a big fan of corn beef, but I had corn beef up in club level. It was pretty good. Up in club level, you're well, that's fine. You can't get corn beef down with the oven, even in my level. Next time on the homemade child, bring you some corn, man, you want it a lot corn beef. It's full of fat. How much was it? Yeah, how much was the corn beef sandwich? It was a six sandwich, but it was the eight dollars sandwich. Eight dollars. Eight bucks for a corn beef sandwich. Alright, yeah. And why don't we have a whole guy then beat you? You can buy the whole cow for less than that. Yeah, I'm out of the car, but I had to tell you that. Okay, thanks for the good news. Let you have a good time. Up in the club level. Oh, excuse me. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5. I don't want to bring you no corn. Don't bring me no food. Okay, do not bring me any food at the macarina. Now, I did come by last night and brought one of these detail guys. You know, worse for the, uh, uh, is a pill pusher. And he brought me some stuff for IBS, which I'm not taking at the moment, because I don't have any IBS at the moment, because I've only been back in this place for two days and one hour. But I'm sure that once Bruce Beathly come in the building, he'll be sure and put the BS back in my IBS because that's what the Beathly stand for is BS. Oh, I shouldn't have said that because it's, we want to be quiet. How about that? Yeah, I did look in the paper this morning. Eeeeh, woo! Nice going, George. Where do one of the brains in this family? I'll tell you that. Don't do it. 5 6 7 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T line. How do timeline is wait 98 7 7 7 85 63 45. By the way, notice that Gary Bower endorsed John McCain. I think there's a little message in that. Gary Bower endorses John McCain and there's a great colifi, which is going out of the one in post at the the hero this morning. I think this is a hero, one of our crappy group of his papers. Bush races to the extreme right. So isn't it wonderful that the Republican Party again is offering up three not two but three candidates, all of whom are as far to the right as you can possibly get without putting a little mustache on. 21 before 11 at 5 60 W to Q I N. Look at this figure. I've been getting through a bedroom with no. And while they don't get to my work. But I did not get you as crippled. I got another clue, if you play over fish. Next to five equal six, and then cheese. 4 10 A.M. 100 and It seems to be worth a dime. Why did that bitch tell me? It was too dark to see. She'd be the better brother of the bitch. It's not scared of me. It's not a piece. Be both of us out. Come on, honey. Just spend five minutes with me. What do you say, sweetheart? No. Oh, by the way, there's a rumor that I've just heard this morning about Pete Bulger. Is going to have the same sex change operation that that priest I was telling you about for up there by Albany? Denise? So I guess we can call Pete Bulger. Pete Patty. Patty Bulger. Yeah, what's wrong with that? That sounds good. It's got a nice ring to it. Patty. Yeah, he wants to change it to a woman because he's got all those little things. I'm going to tell you, girlie numbers would be an insult to the female species. We got the 10 to two numbers. I'm talking about numbers that are so infinite. This is the guy who said, we will win. Anybody remember that? We will win. Oh, my God. Yeah, when the jackpot for being a jackass for being the most perfect jackass on the face of the year. Everything you touch, Peter. He's like the E.E.s sugar free ice cream. Yeah, everything you touch is turns to a crap. A big oozing smelly pile. I mean, I'm taking a look like person's 12 plus here. Where we have a 4 point. You may date even with that bad October that we got a, they got a 0.9. And like persons 18 to 34, they've got a 0.3 from 10 to 2. I mean, every every page you look at in this thing is like numbers that have been invented yet 50,000 watts. Have they ever had a number over there? Yeah, the only number they had was midday. They had Dr. Laura and Lardass. Not anywhere near our numbers, but nevertheless, gigantic compared to the rest of the numbers they had on that station. What do they do? They shipped them over to IOD. They just keep swapping back and forth. They got two shows that have any kind of a number. Not gigantic numbers. Certainly not great demographics, but a reasonable number. And so they keep pushing it back and forth. Push it back and forth. And the guy named programming too. What do you say, Patty? Yeah, that's probably what he's doing right now after taking a look at these numbers. We will win, that's what he said. Oh man, are you pathetic? I don't know which is funnier. The thought of Patty Bulgerman at 16 job a region or this is Cecil's saying, just spend five minutes with me because you're so pretty. At least, at least you don't be around the bush anyway, so to speak. I'm going to see if he gets allowed to be doing it. I mean, nothing like being direct. You see somebody you like, you just run them off the road. Say, hey, come on, just spend two or three minutes. However long it'd be taken. Or two. You look pretty good to me. That's five in the morning. I'm drunk out of my mind anyway. So always work for me. Yeah, there you go. He's some upstanding guy. I know that I would just love to be the one to come on here in the Fendal, Cecil and say, hey, the diesel, he'd be a frame. They'd be gotten a wrong. He just wanted to dip his way. He was just looking around. See, as let me just ask you this, if he had the sign going relationship number one with this abroad, how come he breaks into the window? And number two, how come he just wanted to go in and look around? Oh, I'm sure we don't have an answer for that. No. Here's a mobile in Naples. Hello. Mobile in Naples. Hey, new idea. Okay, sir. A couple things I want to discuss with you. First thing is I want to tell you what a rip off the mac rain is. Yeah. Yeah. Have a restaurant analysis by you. You're an analyst, yes? Yeah, that's a chair. And I got a lot of companies hiring me to do their food calls and analysis and our labor calls to see how they're business is doing. Well, last year, after going to the bunch of jeans and bunch of times, I I was amazed at the price they were charging. So I took them to my own and I did a little survey all the food. A lot of the food and mac rain is sells. Most restaurants have a between like 22 and 35% food calls dependent on their volume and the type of food they serve. The mac arena food because of them quality of food they serve and the price of they charge a level of 11% food calls which is in. And it's theoretically it's in possible restaurant's dream about that. Yeah. It's called robbery. Yeah, I think that's what I'm talking about. I'm not having a captive audience holding a gun to their head and saying, if you want to eat, this is the only choice you've had. And you also of course realize that you can't bring any food in there. Right. And Chinese restaurants try to serve no vegetables, right? They run 18% food calls in their business. Yeah. I mean, so they're running 11. It's wild. You're right. The Chinese restaurants maybe you're sincere in the business. You can tell us how you would talk to buffet when you go in there. What's the right way to what's actually going to happen? I don't do buffet. Okay. That's good. I don't do something wrong. Of course. Second thing is, let's rig we go. I don't want to work over here. Naples. I'm from Fort Laudeau. Rich where I live at. But when you go vacation, let them know. Because all you hear over here is, and if you want to talk to me, you'll lie. I call 1-7-7 and you're 800 number. You're even there. George is doing the show. Yeah. Obviously, like, you know, the people are calling. You know, where's me? Well, what do you expect from the beeslead? Do you think they have any concept of what it's all about? Oh, what else going on over here? No. They don't know. And they don't care. They're busy running around the world and around the country. Pettling BS. You got that right, sir. Okay. Have a great day, sir. I'm going to go to the hospital. I'm going to the hospital. You got a BS. You got that right, sir. Okay. Have a great day, sir. You need to help me tell your stocks to come to the doctor. I'm down again. Every great day. I didn't hear what he just said. 560, 0560, pound 560, on the AT&T, the wireless line. We got an open line on the out of town line, 877, 785, 6345. I guess I must be in the minority. It must only be me. I mean, I'm not looking for people to, you know, suck up. If you disagree if I'm wrong, let's hear about all the good food. I think I would just call me sandwich. That said, for only 25 bucks, wasn't too bad of a deal. For 62 bucks plus tax. So what he said, he said he'd die. What's my beef? Here's Miami, hello. Miami. Yeah. Hey, uh, meals. Yes, sir. I'm not here to defend Cecil because I don't, you know, I don't condone none of that as this garbage. But some of the views that you give sometimes may have makes me think that I wouldn't want to ask this question, but I'm just thinking that she will sell the money. I'm not going to be a big referral, would you? A Negro fall? Or racist? What is a Negro fall? Well, let's kind of like a fear of like black people or whatever you hold. Do these types of subtle cycle of life? Do my assurances. I afraid of certain black people. You bet you're sweet as my friend. You bet. Really? Yes. But what about like, I mean, dangerous looking black people. You bet. Like big black guys with a mean looking face with a red one shot. Eyes like two in a morning. If you're at the ATM, try to take 20 bucks out. You bet I'm terrified. And so they're the only types of individuals that hang in these areas. I didn't know how are you. How are you? Wait, wait a minute. Did I just say that? It's amazing that the words that I just said all of a sudden you managed to read that into that. That's not what I said. You ask me if I was afraid of any black people. And I said, yes, see, I'm not a bull crap artist. I'm not going to sit here and pretend to be something that I'm not. I'm a human being. And I have, I do have fears of fear. I don't fear too much, but I do fear dangerous looking people. And what about me like mindless to sing? You call it man who's the cool. You think that that really, I mean that's fair. Do you have any sense of humor? Sir, what difference is it? Make it to joke. It's an issue. It's okay. Well, some people, I mean, we, you know, especially being a naughty, you know, one of those Negroes. And don't I also use the word spaggit a lot? Well, that's your world. You can deal with that. Oh, I see it's my real world, but the, but the tool in the world is not my real world. I don't know. And what about the, all the Orthodox Jews, in fact, I just, you talked about the Beanie baby this morning with the schmotha on it. Oh, well, you're talking about, I talk about all people with a sense of humor because you have to have a sense of humor to survive. Oh, especially minority. Well, this is a cynical program with humor. It's cynical. Why does it have to be cynical with humor? Well, some of the common talk, cynical. Like what, what, what, what comment have I ever made about black people, for example, it's on true. What comment that you've ever made about black people? Right. Very simple question. Let me say it again. What comment have I ever made on this program that I met, that I said seriously without being obviously joking, would it was untrue? I don't know. I'm just sitting here just listening to the agenda. Well, what do you think of the agenda to the agenda? The, the sexual columns story isn't important because he's, okay. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait a minute, sir. The sexual column story isn't relevant. Whether he's black or white. Does it make a difference what his skin color is? Well, apparently it does. Why? Because it seems to be, why? Why? They're not any other athletes from any of this of your ilk as far as in pigment is concerned. It hasn't done something either similar or worse, that you don't seem to have purple eyes every day in your program. First of all, any quote I'm right now on the program. How about Steve Howell? How about Bobby Cox who beats his wife? We talked about how about her. Hey, but how about bringing them up again in the, because they're not exactly the cause. There isn't a lot of news about them today, sir. The Cecil Collins story is in the newspaper today. Oh, so you got some microphone to the phone, sir. And some. Oh, so it's so annoying. So whenever we're a black person does something bad or if there's an ongoing case that's being covered in the media and there's a new development in the, even though it's buried way in the back inside page of the sports section. I'd say, Negro, fall down. Sir, you're an idiot. I don't have time for idiots. You're a professional coo. I don't have time for professional ethnic, professional, film and blank. Barbara Blackhead is I've totally a billion times before it's very simple and you want to make it complicated. I deal with people as individuals human beings. If it's all that important to you that you're black that you're white, that you're Jewish, that you're Cuban, I don't have time for you. Okay. Don't waste my time. I don't live in that kind of a world. It's crap. It's like the bull crap about blood is thicker than water. That's another pile of crap. People are people and you deal with them as individuals. That's the way to end an argument. I have a hard time deal with that. I answered this first question honestly. That wasn't good enough for him. There's all these Negro folks. Everybody's a Negro fold. Everywhere this guy looks under the bed on the ceiling over in the ATM line. There's Negro folks all around. Everybody's out to get him because you be a Negro. Which quite frankly, I haven't heard that word in a long time. I prefer the word coo and a Negro because quite frankly, at least it's a little bit amusing. Negro sounds like, I don't know. A little black sample or something like that to me. Yeah, like Stephen Fetchett Negro. That was there was a very demeaning term. Blacks that seemed, I mean, blacks was a term that was okay for what? Then we had to go into Africa and Americans. Where every decade we have to come up with some new term. Why I have no idea. I guess because it keeps those people in their place and that's what our societies all about. Which if this guy would want to talk about that, I'd be glad to agree with them on that because that's true. Well, I do notice the governor now. Governor softened stance on one Florida. You see, the bush, myster. The only thing in the world that I agree with him about is ending affirmative action. But because of the fact that it's politically incorrect and took a lot of heat, now all of a sudden he's back in a way. Real weak at the knees, just like his brother. Although at least the brother, you know, he may have to back away from any position because he doesn't have any. He doesn't stand for anything. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, palm 5, 60 here on a racist neo-rodger show. I am so sick and tired of hearing that crap. And didn't I already mention this morning, sir, that Peter will were outplayed a pretty good game last night, even though I didn't like that. Stupid penalty. You got earlier than almost let the Rangers tie up the game except the Mike Rename 3, 4 great saves. Didn't I mention that the big black Peter played a hell of a game last night already? Uh-huh. So I guess I couldn't be as much of a Negro fob as possible, but I guess the reason that I'm not a big fan of his muspy because he's black. Not because he can't play the game now well most of the time. Must have something to do with skin color, right? Uh-huh. A Negro fob. That's a new one on me. 10, 56, in 5, 60, WQMs. Tell me if you're a him, my am a him, who's got a tail. That's weak. I guess the crazy is big. I knew the oldest to learn sparring. And then I hit the street. To go check out my staff. And what happened was, why are all of our lives? There was a black guy standing on the corner. I said to him, a gun and your blood was going down. When he looked at me and the power was sometimes afraid. And you hopefully he would be talking. Take a blue shake of food. How did you like the tears? Those tears just to fool the best of you. Don't like the shake of food. The mouth you don't like the shake of food. These heavy body take for you. And he pulls out a gun. That's having me. And learning, he's having an over. Then he ends up eating. Instead, his lesson would hold you. Oh, my, my blue cock, my fang. As I lay there, I thought I was dying. Someone called the ferramed egg. I'd do that. Then another dude said that. He put that egg on the table. Do the body take a game. This movie gets sent you. Take a blue shake of food. How did you like the cake of food? Take a blue shake of food. You don't like the cake of food. Take a blue shake of food. How did you like the cake of food? Take a blue shake of food. Take a blue shake of food. How did you like the cake of food? Take a blue shake of food. Take a blue shake of food. Take a blue shake of food. Oh, yes. Number two, at five sixty WDQM, I'm on this along the faith on that. What can I tell you? Before I get into this great article, My Phil Muskin. Did I say Muskin? Muskin? In the TV guide. That's somebody just thanks to me about the, very timely. By the way, thank you so much, your whoever you are. Before that, the WDQM vanl to be at the California Pizza Kitchen. 23.01% of the high-boy with free passes to the new times in a national beer-fest. Friday, February 25th and Dan Reno, Gulf passes from 1231 to 13 to 13 to 13. The nephew will be there. California Pizza Kitchen, 23.01% of the high-way, 1231 to 13 to 13 to 13 to 13 to 13. So go over and get some pre-crap. Anyway, Phil Muskin, it's this in this week's TV guide. On to be sports view column. He says to end a very bad copy, so I'll bear with me. Okay, because it's going to be hard to read. But fits right in with his life's professional negro. Two months after John Rocker revealed himself to be a young fool with a bigoted bent. He remains a national symbol of hatred and intolerance. This is called Piling On. And more and more he's liable to become a martyr to the flip side of freedom of speech. For now, Rocker is an excellent example of selective persecution. After all, there is no group in this country that's hate-free or holds an exclusive right on pain. Consider that Reggie White NFL star in these, the voted servant of God, said much the same as Rocker. He said that homosexuals exist as undesirable citizens only white-scented from a pulpit. Last month, White made a guess to parents on CBS's touched by an angel. You think any such appearances outside of portraying Satan are now available to Rocker? No. The NAACP demanded that Rocker's bigotry should spell the end of his baseball career that the brave is immediately firing. Yet the NAACP has provided white-spigotry with a convenient lookaway pass. It's interesting that Rocker's infamous remarks appeared in Sports Illustrated. Six months earlier, SI had published anti-Semitic remarks, uttered by Richard Williams' father of tennis stars Venus and Serena. Yet the NAACP wasn't moved to condemn Williams, and in fact, the author of the piece of excuse Williams' bigotry is evidence of his flakiness. Rocker, who might be everybody's flaky, was issued no such pardon. Braves legend and board member Henry Aaron has expressed how deeply offended he is by Rocker's across the board ethosentricity, but where has Aaron been all these years while American Indians lobbied the braves to cease their insensitive stereotypical portrayals of Native Americans, especially Tomahawk Chopped demonstrations. Major League Baseball is revised by a rocker, is a... See, it's a look at the copy. Revolced by Rocker's comments, Rocker was ordered to undergo a psychiatric evaluation and was then suspended until the second month of the season. But where was Major League Baseball after anyone of Braves owner Ted Turner's infamous bigoted statements, or were these just evidence of Turner's flakiness? An author already was Rocker, if Crowley is the... A quality is the goal, either everyone gets punished or nobody gets punished. Nice going there by Phil Mustick and this week's TV Guide, under sports view. And that's exactly correct, and there are a lot of people just like this collar before you see it's okay if Black people want to be bigoted, that's all right. It's okay to be a Black racist and talk about honkeys and make all kinds of grotesque comments about every other minority. That's okay about Jews and Fags and this one and that one. Then it's okay. But if some asshole like your redneck like John Rocker comes out and makes these comments, then we have to have a big song to dance and he's got to get suspended and the NAACP and Jesse Jackson. They're all in their piling on, but you're bullcraft. You want to have it both ways. And let me say it again, no more, no more affirmative action, no more bullcraft. No more trying to force people to pay back for things that were done. 300 years ago, 50 years ago, 100 years ago, no way. Get an education, get a brain and stop whining and complaining to everybody else that everybody's picking on you. Like a little kid in the school yard. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, and this business about Cecil Collins, let me say it again. If he was as white as the fallen snow, what difference would it make? But there's some niggra fold in the media there that keeps fretting these stories just because it happens to be going on. You wouldn't be talking about it if he was white. Just like Ray Carruth and the Ray Lewis, the fact that they're black. It's not because of the crimes that they're accused of. That's not what people are talking about. Just like O.J. Simpson, it wasn't because he was accused and we knew Dan Wellen in the murder two young people in cold blood. No, it's because he was black. What a pile of crap that is. Here's one of the most revered, admired, semi-literate people in the history of American culture. O.J. Simpson, but it just all happened that because it became like a daily soap opera for month after month after month and America became in just embroiled in it. That's why it was on everybody's tongue. That's why people hate him like poison because they always have cold blood in the murder. Not because he's black. And I'll say it again. This bears repeat. Every time I get a call like that, did any white group defend Ted Bundy and say that he was picked upon because he was white. John Wayne, Gacy, David Berkowitz, Richard Speck, Charles Manson, Jeffrey Dahmer, or gay rights groups defending John Wayne, Gacy and Jeffrey Dahmer. I don't think so. I'd dark-complexed friend. But how anybody could inject race into the Cecil Collins thing man, you need some serious help. You need to find a life. Get a hobby. He's got one. What's been in watermelon seeds? I bet he can spend him on pretty fruit peas. Five, six, seven, that's what the Cecil was looking for. Five, six, seven, five, six, six, five, six. I guess that thing would be a ring. I guess maybe a shovel towards that appointment. It's only me. I give the people an opportunity. I thought we'd get a lot of calls from that with people with their comments. Good veteran. Nobody cares about that. In fact, you whole hockey people at that crowd. Not only can't they talk about the games. They can't even talk about what's going on there. But has nothing to do with the game. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. I got how you doing. Okay. Long this the first time called. Yes, I'm easy out. Take it easy on me. Okay. That was an uptight year old. Evidently. I pay the rational in the middle. Neil, I'm a white, a white American. I'm a green go. I was born and raised to my amy. I was born a school of state in New York. And I just came back and I was taught. He's been with some of my Cuban friends. And we were talking about that kitty. Yeah. Jesus. Okay. And they gave me a point of view. And I like to pass it to you and get your thoughts on it. And what they were saying is that this kid he may be baby Moses. Yeah. You think that's possible. And you think that we ought to be discussing that. So you think that that's a common way to be discussing is whether he's the baby Moses. You're right. You're a week. Get out of here. He's calling me asking. You're like seriously. Is he the baby? Yes. He is the baby Moses. In fact, his friends call out of Macy back in Cuba. They call him Macy for short. And they believe me. Maybe George is the operative word because that's what the Abuela said. Really short. And they grown an inch. And they grew an A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. A. Yeah. What I missed out on. You could have looked at him through your evil eye. Nine minutes after 11 at 5. 60 W. Here's the Jackie's stock. So, Kerry. Okay. Hello. I'm a Black female American. And I'm calling due to the fact that I'm listening to six can A. And currently. And I do not appreciate the kind of that are being made referring to black Americans. It is ridiculous that the way they are talking about people on welfare. Because they're a more white people on welfare. They're a American than black. There's more white trash out there. They're not trying to get exactly just when they're laying on a bad East from black people. And I would appreciate if you would stop making those horrendous comments. Because I'm sticking to the other side of it. And I will call my lawyer. She will call her lawyer, by the way. It's 11. 14 at 5. 60 W. Especially the morning to my good friend, Salvatore J. Farulo, who's the general manager of Boston Consessions Group. And I don't care if you people out there know how to answer a bunch of pussy. Because I'm always the guy that's got to come forward to the big balls. And tell the like it is, the food of the arena sucks. It's overpriced. The portions are small. The choices horrendous and it's unacceptable, Salvatore. That's the answer to it that you're looking for. Okay sweetheart, with or without your gut at tour. With or without your brain washing and propaganda. Your food sucks. Here's a pig report on the alley. Hello. John? Okay, pig. I guess you just don't understand. Why we just don't understand. But I just you expect less to, you know, just drop everything. And you know, drop the spot and our pants and just put them on right away. Sorry they got him. Maybe they got him out there on the alley. Yeah. Yeah. What is that smell? Five or that's right Josh Beamons in the building. Or maybe it's Bruce Beamley. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Well you know when you sleep in a dumpster all night, you don't wake up smell too good in the morning. You don't talk about, I bet you do Bruce. Here's Kendall. Hello. Kendall. This is going to be two in a row. Yes. Yes sir. Yes. Good morning. Good morning. You're calling from Kendall, but a funny voice like this. No, no. How long you been working on this voice, Mike? No sir. Yes sir. I'm a, I'm a, I'm a Indian number of cultures. You're an Indian American, but a voice like this. Yes sir. Yes. Yes. Bad fake Indian American voice. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't. You're doing very, about, like, okay good. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Okay. We're on a run now, baby. Here's for a lot of Dale. Hello. Good afternoon. Yes sir. Good morning. Good morning. I do have a story about the Mac Arena actually. I was there about about a month ago. That was the last time I ate actually. Oh, man. I mean, is this a difficult question in the mask game this morning? Well, you know, he got a lot of brain dead people out in Miami, especially that one gentleman who called a couple call. Maybe we could get John Rocker to beat the living crap out of that guy. Anyway, is that the Mac Arena? Are you a Negro folks, sir? No, sir. Okay. I'm just checking. Okay. I was at the Mac Arena a couple of, about three weeks till months ago. Yeah. And I have to agree with a lot of the people down here, including yourself, that the food is very overpriced for very poor food. I actually did have food poisoning for about, I would say, about 24 hours. Yeah. Yeah. That was it. That was literally smitting and puking at the same time. Mm-hmm. And I like a picture. What was that? Oh, there you go. What is the gentleman who served at Timmy was a was laughing? That's all I could think about. Absolutely terrible. I will never eat there again. And I still support my panthers. Right. And I'm supporting the team. It's got nothing to do with eating the crap that they're out there. I keep trying to point that out to the public and a lot of these people don't get that. They don't understand that. Well, $6.6 a burger and I mean, $4 for a coke. Well, she can't even enjoy the game because you got to tell people every other second a shut up and sit down because it is nothing but a social event. But still got to go there. I got to support the team. Okay. Have a great day. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Hey. It's a social event. People are shooting it and I got nothing to do with the hockey game with the Whatscola corner. It has to do with the fact that here is the place where they charge you, they soak you in armory to go there for whatever the event is. And then they expect you to go and subsidize their contestion and they suck. $5.6705.6. The pound. $5.680 on the AT and T wireless line. I mean, how difficult. It's just like the with airplane food. Even the cavemen were, you know, somehow they managed to eat something, you know, they put together a pretty good meal. Or maybe not so good. Maybe even better in the Korean assures how cost a lot less than what we're paying at the macarooner. No question about that. Longness of $10. But it's not like we're talking rocket science here. We're talking about, uh, all looking all the good restaurants we've got in town. How come you can't go into a sporting event where they're soaking you in armor? I mean, like the restaurant other than a tyton, of course. But they are restaurants. They don't charge you like a, uh, some kind of an entrance fee to get in for the honor of ordering their food. You follow what I'm saying? So you're already paying to the no civil winner to see a sporting event or a concert, whatever. You think it's a very least the people that are in charge of the restaurant part of it. They wanted to put something good in there. It's like you said you're a captive audience. Right. Have no option. Exactly. To make it a pleasurable experience. And the fact is, it's not. You thought that was positive salad, but it's not. Here's a mobile in Western, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Oh, no. Yeah, I hadn't called about that brother that was on the phone. Before the break. Yeah, that's the niggany grow, yes. Can you believe it? All he has to do is, all he has to do is go home watch the E.T. And after noon, and see all the niggarels on the wall of the street. Right. And as everything is, man, I'm going to listen to you to say that. And I believe it's a lot of them. I think they're way, I'm a black American, by the way. So ever good day. And back to you. See, there's a black American for you right there. There's a darkiest smokey, a good guy. Yeah, a cocoon. Yeah, some of you people need to get out of your cocoon and see the real world now. And then, just be sure you're going to write neighborhood. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 50, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. Well, I don't forget the QA in Vanity at the California Pizza Kitchen. 23, 0, 1, 0, federal highway from 12, 30 to 130. Three passes to the New Times International Beer Fest on Friday, February 25 and then Reno Golf passes to from the nephew. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. New. Yes, sir. What's up? Hey, hey, new. Yeah, I'm listening. What does your body have? I'm moly. What's the recorded? There's a system out of the trunk of the core. Roger, right there. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Boca. Neil. I, I, we've lost contact with the audience all of a sudden. And what's going on here this morning? Yes, sir. Hello, how are you? Okay. I called it, tell you, I can care. I think the food at the macarine sucks. Okay, especially the hot dog. You would think that that's the biggest selling food they have in there that they would have a decent hot dog. I mean, how hard is it? I mean, why couldn't they get like Nathan's to come in there and set up other plenty of places where you see Nathan and Nathan's like good hot dog? They go into shot malls, you know, like right in fact there's a Nathan's right over there in the in the sodgrass. Yep. I couldn't get why couldn't they get Nathan's to come in and set up a hot dog thing there. Or somebody that knows how to make food is opposed to these Boston concessions people who all they do is present you with crap there. I mean garbage. Have you been down to the American Airlines Arena? No, sir. A lot of dogs there aren't bad. But they do have a lot of yellow seats empty yellow seats disguise as people. Yeah. That's all I got. Okay, thanks. Okay, he likes the wind he's better there at Mickey's place. He likes when Mickey slips in the wind. 567.0560. 560 on the 18. And see, this is generally the attitude. Most people are complacent. They don't give a crap. They grumble about it. They don't care. Here's the guy that came to me and gave me his business card. And obviously, he's somewhat concerned over the comments that he heard on a show. And as a result of his coming over and giving me his business card, he inspired me to come on and go ballistic this morning which I am. So as usual, I have to do the guy named LegWork and the mouse work for the Rob bunch of suckers out there that are willing to go, you know, cough up their harder and bugs for any kind of crap they will get any kind of slap they will give you. I don't understand it. Why does it have to be slap? Why can't it be quality? Why can't it go? We're not expecting shut up at a young. We're not expecting, you know, some fancy, fancy gourmet meal. Unless, of course, you're one of those multi-millionaires that's sitting up there in the section that the rest of us can't get to. So you want to give me a guided tour of all that high, high-falutin stuff up there. The rest of us can't get to it. And I don't want no free pass to go up there in the vehicle to get to it. I'm not interested in that. I want to be right down there with a real-loch leper as we're belong. Especially after all those great stock tips from my guy over there right away. Oh, I understand it's, but I mean, but I'm not about, but yeah, right. Okay, whatever you say, whatever you say, sweetheart, you could almost smell the pile growing under his desk yesterday. Here's a mobile and Oakland park, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah. Yes. Here's the interesting thing about Boston concessions. You know all those people that bring you the food and ring it all up? Yeah. They're not paid. What do you mean by that? Let me explain it to you. My son does this. If you have a nonprofit youth sports organization, and you have kids that are over 16 years old. Right. They work and they get 11% of what they sell goes to the organization. In other words, it's 100% right off for Boston concessions as opposed to the paid people. It's only a percentage right off. Those people aren't paid. Well, a lot of adults there. Those aren't, all can you do? Right. Right. The coaches and the parents. There's two in each concession. There are two paid people. I'm a manager and a guy in a cook-south. Yeah. That's it. My son was the last night. Was the fifth night doing it for a nonprofit organization? Yeah. True story. None of those kids are paid. None of the parents accept one manager because they have to inventory everything at the beginning. And inventory everything at the end down to the individual cups and pieces. So, sir, this is like rubbing salt in your room because that makes it even worse that they're gouging with these wild prices and they're not even really paying anybody a salary to work beyond a counter. You got it. Nice. Same thing with the employer part by the way, because I was on a football board there and they wanted to do the same thing. But the problem is you had to have a minimum of 18 parents. You were trying to get 18 parents down into Miami for 16 Sundays, including the Super Bowl if it comes to you. Oh, no. No. Bloss and pro players, you had to buy the uniforms from them. You had to buy the belts from 18 dollars. You had to buy the belts from 18 dollars. You had to buy the belts from 18 dollars. You had to start in the start of me like an amois scam. You know, like a real good deal. Sure it is. Thanks for the good news, sir. All the money goes to Wayne. Okay. Have a good day. Then don't forget, just say, oh, the Boston concessions. I don't think all of my does go to Wayne. I don't know how that works. Maybe somebody really does know how to deal with any arena. How much of a ghost. They were like, how they stay. They slice up. They're like that pizza that they said. And that crap that they pretend is pizza. They slice up the pie. How hard would the end end end with all due respect to ponytail and all of our other good friends in the pizza business? But I mean, because he, you know, he, that's probably not what the hinge grass to do that. But why couldn't they have like pizza hut come in there? You don't want to talk to them about less profit. Better food, less profit. Well, you know what? To your profit. That's why I don't eat your food in the macaroni and I won't. And then there's you want to improve it. Put something good in there. That maybe I could eat. And maybe it was edible at a reasonable price. Seriously, that's silly. Cheese. They examined that a couple of ways to give me a break. My dogs both of them who eat anything. I mean, there is nothing in the world that they won't eat. In fact, yeah. But I'm going to tell you need they would have turned their nose up. But they didn't they would have laughed. They would have started wagging their tail and looking at me with that smile. Like are you shot in me? Are you think I'm a little dishmet? No way, Jose. Filly cheese steak sandwich and this salveitor for rural brings me as cargo of the straight face. I mean, yeah, I seem like an ice-in-off guy. I just happen to believe that if he's a general manager of this blocked and concessions, and he's one responsible for their stuff that they're putting out there at those prices, that maybe he's an ice guy who happens to be inept. You know what I'm saying? You follow what I'm talking about? And I sky who just don't get it? Or maybe he just does 70 taste buds. Maybe his taste buds were scraped off as the young man. Maybe he doesn't understand the severity of the swirls that they're pumping out of those concessions stands. 26 after 11 at 5.60 WQMs. Wake up. I hope that that's your radio dial. So there's Sunday morning's fourth page. Number seven and nine with Kim Medley Jen Josh Daro. Oh right. Works radio 5.60 QAF. And beat that data me. Are you happy with your current job? Get the training you need today for the jobs of tomorrow at HIT. Hookers and training will teach you what you need to know to succeed in business today. Well at HIT I learned what kind of heels to wear with stands. They taught me all kinds of tricks like how to give a summer and where to put my gun while doing it. Now I'm more confident turning tricks. Thanks to HIT. Get the training you need at HIT to give jobs tomorrow. Hookers and training could be right for you. Call HIT at 1-800-How much. Yeah, we'd be working at HIT only in this case. They left off the first letter. It's 11.31 at 5.60 QM. Take a look at that phone. You know what I'm saying? I am so sick and tired. I know you hockey people. Good bye. This is official. Good bye. Not only can't they discuss the team, the game, the sport, anything that's going on there. They're intelligent. They can't discuss even the food. They have no opinion on it. So good bye. And don't waste my time. No, come by. I shouldn't suck it up to me when I'm there. Because you won't play the game. You got no opinion. You got nothing to say. Don't kind. I don't do a show when I'm there. I go to see the game. Okay. The game is for free. I go there to be left alone to watch the game. I don't want to be doing a show with anybody there. With a bunch of people that refuse to call a show and have anything to say. You can sit there and wish and belly ached to the people around you. That isn't going to get back to Sabotour J for rule on the people of Boston. And when you have Pingo and New York organization. Here's an opportunity to come on the air and say something. Will they do it? No. No. So my frustration over with that whole crowd. I mean, just go away. Go to get out of my life. I just write you people off. Like those people last year to beginning of the season when they came in the first game. Come in to me. Oh, G are C. You got to do something. You got a bitch to complain. I've always had to be the spokesman. They already got one spokesman in the organization. Okay. I can't be the spokesman. They only got one. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. We listen in the 80 and you love your and go vintage. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, how you doing? Okay. I got a problem last week at the Macarena. Yeah. I went in there and I took a couple of cheeses. They're just looking to the food. Uh-huh. I got kicked out. Yeah. You can't take food in there. Just like P.P. Park. They will first you. They will give you a body search. A cavity search. You can't take food in there. You got to kick me out with laughing in my face eating the food. Yeah. Thanks. Would it put me out? Exactly. Well, at least I had some good food in there anyway. Yeah, very good. Thanks a lot. Okay. That's a good idea. You guys that really don't care much about seeing the games just bring some good food. No, no. Yeah. We'll split it up. Yeah. We'll have a special counter. The only a few of us will know about where it is. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pound 5, 60. Seriously. This town is the most deadhead. God damn freaking place on the face of the earth. And you know something. The reason that they give you the crap that they do at the prices that they do is because they can. Because you're stupid enough to keep coming back for more. If I open up a stake restaurant and I give you a horse meat that tastes like horse meat. And I charge you an extraordinary price for what I call a stake. And you keep coming back for more and more and all of your friends keep coming and you're saying to bad, you know what? I'm going to continue doing it. We'll give you all the shrimp that you get. It's 50. There's never say anything. You're all the shrimp that's 50 percent something like that. Rimes with fit. Here's the mobile in Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Hey. Hey. You're welcome back first of all. And my girl from works over at the Mcereen at four boss and concessions. So I can't tell her nobody's talking about. I know. She's looking for another job as it is. But yeah. So I made a go while I've heard that before too that they have about about about a third of the people in there are volunteers. They've heard like church groups and stuff like that and they get paid, you know, whatever volunteering whatever they're volunteering, their time for gets paid whatever they get. What kind of a scam is that? I have no clue. I mean, if you open up a commercial restaurant and you had a bunch of people working in there, waiters and waitresses and so on. I mean, and nobody was getting paid or even getting their tips and they're just a percentage of what's going to some charity. I don't that would never fly. I would never happen. Nobody would work like that. That's exactly why all the arena workers for them. Oh, Miami arena were all up and honors because the new arena. 100 percent of the concessions are run by the volunteers. Now you mean in Miami. In Miami. But so the up in the, up in the macarina, it's about a third of them. Yeah, for the concessions. Why? Why do the food have to be so bad and so overpriced? I have no clue. Supposedly it's a lot better in clubs and they're only doing that to the regular people. But you know, they still shouldn't be doing that. They can be, they can afford it. Well, the regular people, let me say again, my tickets are $60 this seat. Does that sound like a slipper regular people to you? $60, ticket? That's why that's why I don't go to the game because I can't afford them. But I mean, but people who can afford to go to the games and even if we are willing to pay the absorbent prices, why is it that for six or eight bucks? You can't give somebody a decent sandwich unless they have it to be up there with the ablumos is in the club level. I don't want to sit in the club level. Yeah, I couldn't answer for that. Okay. Thanks, Paul. Oh, the good luck to your girlfriend. You'll need it. So there you go. The pop keeps getting thicker and thicker. I'm back to that my good friend Salvatore for Rural is real happy that he gave me that business card last. You know, listen, Sal. Let me tell you. If I had good experiences, if I had good things about your food, if I thought the prices were fair, I'd come on here and sing your praises and say, hey, this is really great. I've done it many times before. But in your case, it blows. Here's a mobile info. Latterdale. Hello. Mobile info. Latterdale. Hello, sir. Yes, sir. Okay. You said that you've quite a lot of fine. Do you do any fine at Latterdale in an actual report? We're not in a long time. Okay. I'm a pilot. That's why out there. Next time if you have as you're leaving there, look on the north side of the field. You can see how I think is a little many air force. I think most of your money that's going on there is particular one on their points. You get ready to fly over. Uh-huh. You know, next time texting out, just, you know, they're loaded in out there. I mean, it's a serious iron out there. Okay. I'll give you a big wave. I'll give you a kind of salute. Thanks for the good. Okay. Okay. 560, 560, 560 on the 18 T wireless line. Israel assails agreement between the Vatican and the Palestinians is once again the Pope. Here's a man in the dress, pissing off the beanie babies. Yeah. Yeah. They sent their bigger accord with the appeal. Oh, yes, today. They signed it. He said he thought that, yes, it was a snappy dresser. Of course, it's all relative. You do understand that. Yeah. You know, maybe you want to wash that dress like maybe once a month will be good. But other than maybe bathe like once a year before we have this big meetings before we hold our meat. He said we always insist that the altar boys take a bath before we. 22 before noon at five to five six seven. Oh, five 60. Yeah. Here's a man in the dress pisses off the beanie babies over there in Israel because he's Concording with a P.O.O. And never met a terrorist. He didn't like not to mention Fidel, by the way, which very conveniently all the Catholics down here. All the Hispanic Catholics just kind of overlooked. And we're still waiting for the baby Jesus and all this other great stuff. All the good stuff to come in from the Vatican. Is it coming? No, is you going to like save Cuba from the devil? No, no. No. But it was good PR. And of course, the Vatican likes PR. And then again, those three letters that come right after PR. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line 21 till noon at QAM. Where once again, we're having a beat the audience to a bloody pulp to try to elicit some kind of of a comment from them, which is one piss poor sad commentary about this town and the people who just destroy it. The people who crawl around in it. Today's broadcast is brought to you by new conclead. The all-purpose cleaner. See this shirt? It's fuss conclead. How nasty his carpet is, Jane? Well, just drop down your knees. Use a little bit of elbow grease and conclead. Yes, you can fuss conclead anything. Fuss conclead on your dog. Conclead yourself everywhere. Conclead your car. Fuss conclead everything you own. Get conclead today. Come visit one of our eight conclead stores or look us up on the web at conclead.com and conclead it up. Okay, it's a 16 till noon at 5.60 W. 5.6.705. 60, pound 5.60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami? Yes, sir. Let me tell you where the food sucks and all these stadiums and arenas. The reason is because you have these six suchiners. They put bits in. Right. Like Boston concessions group. Okay, great. I wonder how much that is. Hey, said in order to make money, they have to sell you schmet. And then of course, you can have a code. You can have hot schmet, which is my favorite. 5.6705.60. I mean, this is just unbelievable. This is the this to me is astonishing. That nobody gives a crap. And you know something, if you don't give a crap, because nobody's going to force me to but I'm sorry, right up in the first place. I apologize. Yeah, it's just astonishing that there could be so many lending so many sheep out there. They're more concerned about, you know, watching at Millionaire show on Fox. And then you can pay to the newspaper by Tom Jika who wants to marry a millionaire. We can't give a million dollars away on Fox because they're doing an ABC. And everybody's watching that and then they'll get tired of that. And they'll have to be who wants to be a billionaire instead to make it exciting with those stupid questions. Like what's your name? That's what they're busy with. Crap. And just anyone who's coming right down to it, what's the most eaten that place in this country? Where are more people just soaking up the crap McDonald's? What's the most popular ice cream flavor vanilla? So I guess, you know, most of the people have crappy tasting in the first place. So who now am I to tell that to tell them, you know, the bad news? They're enjoying it. They're having a good time. They're savoring it. They're loving it. Don't be frustrated. And they don't have it. That doesn't bother them either. Yeah, give me four bucks for about 15 cents worth of soda, which is about 80% water anyway. Which, like I said, is about 98% water anyway. And a bunch of chemicals. Give me, yeah. Yeah, you could you could bring in your own two-liter bottle. They're on sale in my publics the other day for 79 cents for two liters. Stop and think about that. Any flavor you like? With sugar, with whatever you want. 79 cents, ordinarily like maybe 99 cents for a big two-liter bottle. But for the honor and privilege of having a paid an arm and leg and going into a goddamn swirling event, the same moral on the same dumb people. I'll blow that up a three and four bucks for like this much watery crap. There you go, stir it up. Probably again, Neil. We're happy with it. Okay, great. I'm sorry. I'm very sorry. I thought maybe I would do, you know, like, do a pubic service today and speak out on behalf of the masses out there. But what am I hand like two or three and one guy, he's happy with his eight dollar or a corndee sandwich. He said, what's your beef? Here's a mobile and cross-brings, hello. No. Yes, sir? I just want to, what do you think about the Panthers lower in some of their ticket prices to maybe fill that place up? Not gonna happen. Doesn't it, doesn't it make financial sense if you're not going to bring in 15,000 people into an arena? But that's what we worry about, something somewhat, something to play. No, I think it's going to use this as it excuse to dump the team. Or, that's fine in any talent in the future. What do you mean not signing any talent in the future? The team is in first place. It's just one last night, three to that. I don't know. Five games at home all season long, sir. What are you talking about? Great teams, but don't you think it's going to use as an excuse? I'm not feeling the hell you know about that sir? I, from your mouth, to God's ears, I would only be the first one to tell you that if he would sell the team tomorrow, I'd be the happiest man in the face of the earth. You and I both. Okay. You and I both. But why the hell is he going to be in a hurry to sell it? He's making a fortune there. He doesn't have to sell all 19,000 seats. And I want to play off's come of course. Maybe not in the first round, but if they make it in the second round, they were a good chance that they will. That place will be packed, they'll be standing remolving and they're every goddamn playoff game. And they'll be peddling the same high over price concessions and the same park in fees and all the other crap. Like this guy is losing money in there and that's the mention all the concerts that he's got the big chunk of in there too. Everything that goes on in there. He's got a piece. Yeah, that too. He's got a piece. Here's David. Hello. Mr. Rogers. Yes, sir. Good morning. I like to go in for my two cents in on the whole macarena food thing. Yes. I would see once we went my ex-girlfriend. We got the food. They didn't really get dinner. So I got one of those chicken wraps. It's in the green leaf or whatever. Yeah. And I had that. It wasn't that bad. I mean, it could have been better. All the food there could be better. I mean, it wasn't that bad. I mean, I might be on an island here by myself. I'm sure I am. No, I think I am because you're, you know, I'm the only one. She's never problem with that. I mean, when I grade food. But I mean, it could be better. I mean, anything anywhere. How much was the chicken wrap? Oh, God. It was like a long existed. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. I don't like, like I said, my girlfriend took me on. She paid for everything. I'm sure she took out like $100. The parking and the ticket. And we got it down by you. And I mean, there's nothing that some 22 year old punk that doesn't have. She didn't take it. It's not going to be able to have a voice and say, hey, I like to go in and change the food. Yeah. But, you know, I mean, you guys, for you guys, I've all the tickets down there and all the money you're spending. I'd be really pissed about you. I'm not spending a dime because the station gives me those tickets. You think it seriously. I make you a lot of money. Okay. But there is no Chinaman's chance and hell that I would spend the kind of money that they're Soking for season tickets. I'd buy you know, certain selected games here and there. But I wouldn't buy season tickets to those prices. Understandable. Have to be nuts. Well, I guess I'm going to be one of the five people there in the arena on Monday because I'm only a student. So I go to school. And hopefully I'll be there and make it to the arena. Well, the fan there holds their open. I'll be the one racing in. Turn me on the guy follows to. Okay. Thank you. Thanks. Yeah, we love gun fathers. Are they sponsored? No, but we love them anyway. So if it's something that's good, I'm more than delighted to share with the public. This guy, he's, you know, 22 year old guy. He's a, this isn't that bad. But why doesn't it have to be not that bad? Why can't it be good? America doesn't demand quality. That's what's wrong with you guy. Damn people out there. You settle for any slot that they hand you. So what's the chicken rat? A chicken rat. Oh. It's wrapped in like a green. The food is green and then about 20 minutes after you, then you start turning the same shade of green. In fact, that's what John had that was a Demontrial game where we can have to go to. We should go just before we had a pentacidistory in the morning and it erased the hospital. I had to take his appendix out. I'm sure it was just a coincidence. You think so? Oh, yeah. I'm sure that all those stories are here about food poisoning. It was just a coincidence. See, I'm trying to explain you folks that if you want to pay a reasonable amount of money, you should expect to get some quality back. And you don't. You don't. Leave it to America where the public has to get a goddamn course. Maybe there should be some kind of a high school or college course in instruction. I'm demanding quality for your money instead of just sitting back at accepting the Schmidt all the time. Whatever Schmitt at the will on the head out here, whatever's Swill. I guess, of course, they brainwash you this when you go to school. If you lunch at school and they put that slot on a plate, I mean crap. Just the worst. Not a nutritious foul tasting Schmitt in the history of mankind. And then you go off the college. And of course, everything they got is got 50 gallons of salt, Peter loaded in it from the milk to the soda to the steak. Everything else that you'd steak to the meatloaf. That's why they give it a salt Peter because they want to assure that if they can help you make your meatloaf, come it on a couple of notches. So you're conditioning slump. And I'm not saying like I said before, I want gourmet. I want something that's edible. And I want some choices in there. And I don't give a damn if I'm in there with 17,000 other people. And I'm the only damn person that feels this way. I don't give a crap. I'm not one of those people who want to go along with a crowd. It's willing to settle for 10th best. So Mr. Ferulo evidently, you've made the public very happy there with that Swill at your pants and out. And ridiculous prices. They love it. We did a little experiment here today. And as usual, I'm wrong. And the public is right. I'm out of step. Because I expect maybe something that might be edible like you get in a real restaurant. All what a concept. Here's coconut grow, hello. Coconut grow. Long gone. Mobile in forlaterdale. Hello. Yes sir. How are you now? Great. I used to have four students tickets to the macarena. Yeah. And for the exact same reason you're talking about. And I'll probably watch it on my own coach. I won't eat that, sir. Yum. I don't mind paying for food. If it's edible, the stuff I have up there is just horrible. Okay. Thanks. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Jupiter. Hello. Jupiter. I know how you doing, buddy. Okay. Yeah. I made a mistake of going to a hockey game on the way to. And I had a Philly cheese steak. Oh, God. That Philly cheese steak makes head cheese taste like Philly man. Yeah. It was disgusting. And I'll never eat there again. Okay. Thanks for the good news. See, there's another vote. It's totally but surely. We're getting a couple of people out of the work who had the same horrendous grow test unacceptable experiences. How come how can you go to call a racetrack? I mean, I haven't been there in a long time. But I'm sure it's probably just as good because whoever the concession people are. They make sure that the food is quality. That it's good. You get a hot dog. It's a great hot dog. It's delicious. Not some green. We need that looks like Bob Prince. So, try eating it 30 years ago. I mean, making a good hot dog. Is this rocket science? Making a cheeseburger that's edible? And then, of course, that they have P.P. Park you go there. And you get a burger. And they've got them in those foil wraps. You know, that they cook up like 55 hours before 55 days before the game. You know what I'm talking about? Like rubber. Yeah, they're like rubber. They're like the good-y-er-er company just brought them in. And they keep them under the heat lamps, you know. And so everything's like congealed in there. So you can only imagine once it gets inside your body. If you think it was congealed before you put it in your place. Wow. You can just imagine talk about IBS, especially the Esports. IBS and all day long for me to net crap. Here's Delray Beach, hello. Delray Beach. Hey. Yeah. Yes sir. I'm in the hockey games three times, eight to food, first two times. We didn't eat the food the third time for obvious reasons. Yeah. It was terrible. But my reason for calling is, just got back from Vegas. First time went from my 25th anniversary at a great time. Left a large deposit. Yeah. I've been listening to you for a number of years and you've always talked well of Vegas and we had the wife had these three conceived ideas which you just want to see out there. What do you mean by that? Well, you know, the city side. Well, what's the city side? You mean that's what I mean? There is no debum on the desert ahead on the Harold's 20 years ago. On the front page? Yeah. It's true. And she loved the shop. She didn't realize that each large casino. Oh yeah. Had shop. You bet. Did you get into the Paris? Well, we did. And she loved the Paris and I liked the MGM. And she was going to spend more at the Paris at the shops. And we loved at the tables before I could yank her out there. You know, fast fast fast fast. Yeah. And I'll yank her out. Oh, D. And myself too. Pardon? The last time I called you, you had to tell me I called you from Cleveland, Georgia. Uh-huh. Because you were looked at the other stations. And you had to tell me the face-boughts for the Atlanta break. And so I guess in about another seven to 10 years I'll call you at the third time. Okay. Okay. I'll wait down on my calendar. Thanks a lot. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Or some ex-Jockel be here then. Four minutes till noon is 560 QM. And then Ellen by the way, I hate to say this. My good buddy Charles Alfie or he who's a big fan of fan. And comes to all the home games. He was there last night. Ruten for. Great. Just. Shame on you, Charlie. And his lovely wife was saying to him. She was given the raspberries. Nice going sweetheart. She was letting him really have it. The Neil Roger show. You'll support radio. 560. QA. And. 380. 560. Don't you think. You think. You think. You think. You think. We're not going. We're not going. We're not going. We're not going. And I've been driving me into business. And if it doesn't set a wheel, it's tough. We're the problem. We've not been. Now if it keeps the challenge. And the prison's cold and the tires don't pass. He's stuck on a channel with cherries. Oh. All day. Overbook for not a spare day. Cherries are she in prison too. Oh. There. There. Skyland is family. And there's a pleasure. There. There. There. There. There. I'm not. I'm not. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. I'm. How's that back? But. Oh. All good. A little big. ribs. Sit down. Can. They catches. a praise. On the 1970s, on the channel, she's all looking back now. I made a camera that John, I made a call on the theory of the festival. John, David, David, John, David, Daniel, awesome. Probably 2 to 550, devotees of C U R O ! The post-week while of NTO you have the first years on the review mirrors say in a car. People they, into each other and See another thing parallel, like that, lion's eyes come open, they cheer you up more. Interesting kids &ksuit and begin to keep a business up super well with all of these objects. you mirror, I don't have a plastic Jesus or a little rainbow flag at a back, I don't have any crap. What about that virgin Mary statue that you've got about that? It's not a statue, it's an air freshener. Well, after all these years, you get a little stale inside virgin Mary, it's a renewed that, exactly. If you don't use it, you don't renew it. Look at this phone, baby. This is just, I just knocked me over with a feather duster. These people got nothing to say about anything today. You want an aborto, it's only noon, only at the halfway point here when a Thursday and it's just a desperate, it's usual. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T line. Here's our last call, Mobile in Fort Lottodale, hello. How are you doing today? I'm doing okay, audiences again in the coma. Well, I've got a Plankop planet to say, number one, the food of the arena. And you know what, if not for the prices being high, which you could live with because it's high everywhere you go. Yeah. It's called, it's never cooked. The burgers, thanks to fryzer sake, the pieces, lots of it. So, I mean, you could just really go on and on the West of sense, the only. No, no, no, no, no, no. But let me tell you what the sense is. I mean, this guy obviously was rattled over the fact that I ripped him an ass over there and on the year and he comes making way to point it coming to me and gives me his card to sell the turf for Rulo. And he wants to know. I mean, whether they're going to change your night, I don't know. But I think he's trying to get everybody else. I think he deserved, well, he, here's the opportunity today. He deserves to get an air full. That's my point. If it's a thing, it'll come on the air. I'd love to tell him what I think. It'll, you can give it a, you can say it's bottom dollar that he's listing right now. You can bet your life on. Three hours for a bottle of water. I mean, it's 75 sets of the vending machine. They got to get three hours. But thank, last night, the game was phenomenal. It was great. Thank you, Neil. And God bless you. And I didn't spend one dime and spend a penny. No, on any concerns last night, it's still had a great time. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Pont 5, 60 on the 18, T, wireless lines. See, they just, they break you down. They break down your resistance. They squeeze every drop of blood they can, Adia. And then they, you know, like a bunch of jellyfish. Okay, okay, whatever you say, here you go. Here's just a bag of money. When you come into these, enjoy it. You just hand them over. Here's a bag of money. Take whatever you need. Let me just enough for gas money to get home. Here's a mobile in the cables. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. What else, man? Wow. I dedicate this phone call to a Kunzakintay who called your earlier about his professor up professional and professional Negro, yes. Yeah, listen, you answered him. You fear no man or certain man in this world. Well, let me let him know something if he's listening right now. If I'm an ATM at 2 o'clock in the morning and a fanball walks up behind me, when you answered you fear certain man, I fear no man because the nine millimeter I have registered to my name allowed me and justifies me that that porch monkey wants to stick something in my face and try to hold me up. Thank you for your answer, no. I would have answered no or either. How do you think about that, huh? Okay. There you got it. All right, bye. I'll see you in the porch. What now where did that term ever come from? Do dark people like a monkey around on the porch, is that what that is? I mean, I know where a spearchucker came from, that's obvious. Five, five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty. See that guy before or that guy all been under shape and I'm surprised we haven't had many calls about it. I'm glad this guy did all those obviously got a little bit of a Negro fold problem, but nevertheless, you know, I wish Alan Greenspan would just shut his mouth and so you get out of here. God. Perfect. Wow, how come this guy, they have to have the meetings all the time. Okay, they got to have the meetings to fit. But every time you turn around as they say in China, every month they can do their sticks, they got to have another hearing in, in, in, before Congress. They had the PPI numbers came out this morning, whatever the hell that stands for. The producer price index for January, they expected it to go up to 10 to the point. It went up zero, big, oh, I end these numbers zero. And a market started off, oh, it was up 120 points, the NASDAQ was flying and now the dollar's down, 64 and NASDAQ's up still, 50, but from not what it was before. Because this guy is, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, bap, and it's like he smells inflation and is, uh, here everywhere you look, he smells it. Whether it's there or not. I say they should put him at a, on the goddamn porch and mucky around with his eyes for while just keep him out of these hearings, just got them, uh, green or green steam, whatever his name is. Is that a bridge, the green span? What am I getting worked up about? Okay, don't you understand what his town is all about? Uh-huh. Here's a mobile and four-later day, hello. Hello, Neil. Was that not a great game last night? Yes, it was. Oh, man, people were there and it was like, oh, but there's the same way on Saturday. Yeah, it was wonderful. For sensational. Funny story, though. And for my way, I've burned in. There's an unsung hero. Nice gone air. My key for an old guy's 110 years old. He's playing great. My burning kept us in that game. Yes, he did. Funny thing about the last night when I took my parents to the game went to the venue. He went to get a handburger for my mom. Yeah. And she walked up to the canchels. I'll pick a handburger medium rare. Oh, oh. Oh. Oh, oh. She got the handburger. She looked at it. She took the sandwich apart. And she went to the home to the handburger. The bunch was, I can't eat this. And she flew back at the gata. And then we walked away. All right. Excellent. Good mood. Don't worry, Neil. Don't forget, hold the lettuce and the pickle because special orders do upset us. So what, however they say it there. Have a great day, pal. You too. Oh, yeah. Medium rare. Like they're going to cook it there for you. Oh, what a sense of humor. She's got it. No, it's in a little foil thing. And it's been sitting there under a land for 25 hours or whatever. I mean, that really takes a cheese steak. That thing. I'm still gagging over that. I think, thank God. I had all those tests and all those colonic things. I had a drink and, you know, spew it out of my system. Because if there was ever anything I ingested that I had a blowout. That was it. Hopefully, cheese steak. The steak part standing is in mystic. I know. There's no point in rehashing it. What's the political and all the hash you understand is damn good. Now I'm going to say after you knew it at five, 60. What does this testify? Why do you increase his muscle continued to rise the as labor market? I'm not. Shut him up already up there, okay? Somebody coming drag his ass away and put him in a cage until the next fed meeting. And then keep him in a cage. He's a crap. The sports leader. We have no reason. Sports radio 560. Q-A-F. When my name is a day. It's not a cleaning tonight. He was renting his mind. He can't stop me in a day. He's a good thing. I'm not saying. Go. Yeah. I'm not saying. I'm not saying. Go and push you back when he was a day. Go go go. It wasn't say. Go and say. You're the only one. You're the only one. You're the only one. He wants to go right out to be the only one. Like a captured star. So he can't even keep me in your sight. You're the only one. But I'm not saying. I'm not saying. Go go go go go go go go go. Go go go go go go go go go go go go go go. 15 at five sixty wq m bush races to the extreme right rights Richard Cohen and Washington Post. He says normally in presidential primary is moderate candidates wound up getting push to the by the positions taken by the Republicans. George W. Bush though has done an all on his own. Without John McCain taught him to take harder positions, the Texas Governor has moved so far right in South Carolina, you would think his core constituents are dead members of the Confederate Army. I'm not referring to the one Confederate flag issue on this one Bush and McCain are even. They both have no position, and unless everything else has ever said about the racial harmony is a lie, both are just ducking the issue. The flag is the bloody shirt of Jim Crowe and the boy and the boy with too much beer. It's no longer the proud emblem of a lost cause. But Bush and McCain already even when it comes to Bob Jones University, this South Carolina school once restricted the whites on the basis of some cock-eyed religious belief continues to forbid interracial dating because among other things that's how God feels about the matter. It's where Bush chose to speak, and on the issue of bigotry says absolutely nothing. It's not that McCain was about to speak. They're in Bush had to be to the punch. It's not that McCain had already mapped out a value-free position on racial bigotry. McCain had never been invited to the school, but if he had gone there, he said on Tuesday in the South Carolina debate, he would have started by saying, look what you're doing in this ban on interracial dating is stupid, it's idiotic, and it's incredibly cool to many people. Bush got otherwise, Bob Jones as he is so patiently explained is where the votes are. Never minded by appearing at the school he was offering the fact those supportive its policies and never minded either that the school still considers Catholicism and Mormonism to be cults. I went because I wanted to get out my message of compassion and conservatism, he said I need to press. Only off campus did Bush say he disagreed with the school's policy. He said that his brother Florida Governor Jeb Bush had married a girl from Mexico, but the point he was making again is that he has no principles. He will not come in on the Confederate flag. He will speak to any group racial or religious biggets included and never confront them over their practices. He has no opinion absolutely none about whether a kitten can this had grew up ignorant on evolution. Bush is a unique politician, most politicians stand for very little. He stands for nothing. But he doesn't stand alone. Bush has run the firehouse, vellan, GOP, nuddydum, and look who's come down the pool. We get a russian limbo off-routhing about the cane being adored by liberal democrats and the reppern rubber pat robberson taking time off from his studies of macroeacononics to wage holy war against the Arizona senator. My hats off to Bush, without really being pushed he's moved himself to the extreme right all by himself. He's embraced the kuku vote, the bitter enders who don't know that the civil war is over, and the south already has risen, not as a cause to last but as a vass suburb. His recited is anti-abortion devotions and been adopted by racist and conspiracy theorists, the worst elements in the GOP. Here we come to the nub of the matter, Bush like all the other candidates, prattles on a good bit about leadership. Alan Kies had just had untoed that in Bush's shown precious little of it at Bob Jones University. On the other hand, without much prodding, Bush raised a Dave stream right all by himself, out there on that flank with robberson in the guys from Bob Jones. Maybe Bush thinks that's a former leadership. He's wrong. He's merely keeping up with the Joneses. What a great column by Richard Cohen who's here all the day from the Washington Post. Oh, so to the way. Okay. We'll put it on site. I want to say I've worked on at the top as a reminder. Gary Bower yesterday endorsed John McCain, and like I told you John McCain is every bit as in crack, we're voting reckoned to send it far more conservative than George Bush ever dreams of being, far more right wing. So that's what you got offered up there by the Republican Party as usual right wing extremism. Not one, not two, but three of them this time. Even a dark conflict in one for those of you folks who are professional, Negro folks are helping at the same goes. Negro folks? On Negro files. Here's a mobile and pop-in. I bet you I'd your Hoover had a few of those. A Negro files? Probably on Martin Luther. Here's a mobile and pop-in, oh, hello. John, okay. Nice talking to you. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Pomp 5. We've had a lot to that today, haven't we? Here's a mobile and four miles, hello. Mobile and four miles. Hello. Yes, sir. You hear? Is there something with this phone? I haven't picked up one call yet today. Well, I do it just like I do every other day and it takes like 15 different times, but anyway, how you doing sir? I'm doing great. Neo, I call it. I call it a comment on the, I guess he called this himself a Negro earlier. Here's one of the things that could help him solve some of his emotional problems. Okay. 1. I have a black man, do not accept your responsibility of what other black people do. Okay. What we should be is a poll at some of the activities and actions that go inside our race or say a culture. Okay. It is not acceptable to be a racist or a dog or a deep. That is unacceptable. Not because you're black, but because you are a person. You do know harm just as you say. And then you don't have to worry about the stereotype that come off. One of the things you see is a lot of negative activities that go on whether they're overemphasized or not. They're still our reality. And there is nothing that is wrong with somebody stating the obvious, which is what you do, Neo. And I's holy agree with that activity. Okay. That guy is a, he seems to be extremely intelligent, but he's a moron and he's a how about okay. He's an underrated intelligent because he can speak for these moron because he learned enough. There you go. Okay. You have a great day, Neo. And keep up to the good work, Danny. If a state just say that's what it is. We call it, we call it a spade. Have a great day. Okay. My dark and plated print. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line out of town on 877856345. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neo. How are you? All right. We actually the first, first time that time. Oh, right. Hey, I'm going to say, how come they couldn't give Mike vertin the number one star. You said that was terrible. They give it to. They gave it to Ray Shepherd. That's right. We're going to have a great game. But I mean, yeah, but it's not even in a contest. Not that, not that I care a lot about those things. But there's no question, Ray, I'm like vertin kept the badgers in the game. Yeah, vertin got the third star. They gave the second to Warl. Oh, oh, my God. It's like a sickness against like a disease. I just think of what was that. But he played a better game than Mike Vernon. Now, who's the day? Where is this come from? I think it's a writer of some sort. I don't know if it's a sun sent to know the hero. I have no idea. But it's something to write or that's why I don't pay too much attention to those because whoever picks a needs mental help. Yeah, but I'm afraid it was the star of the game period. No question about it. I will say one thing. The food is absolutely horrible there. Yeah. Last night there was something more horrible than the food. And that was the officiating. I thought that was where that was some of the worst I've ever seen in my life. And the age, oh, should be ashamed because that game was on ESPN 2. Yeah, I nationally televised and these fans all over the country are watching a game being ripped by 2 more. To end Dave Jackson, one of the all-time worst one of his worst performances ever absolutely unacceptable and unbelievable. I know right. You'll have a great day. And if I see you Saturday night, I'll buy you a Philly cheese. Okay, no thanks. Bye. Now, now what is that? Chris is at the location. Now, and I'm not way. Are we going to be going through this? He asked me to read the thing a couple of times. I knew what I do in my favor. And I was going to do it again. Here, which I'll do it right now. Read this thing. But he says, I don't want you to get anything away or anything like that. But you could please do me a favor and plug this a couple of times. So now he's calling you to tell you that he's there. Okay, the nephew was there at California Pizza Kitchen 23 or 1 or federal highway with free passes to the new times international beer fish coming up Friday 25th of week from this Friday and Dan Reno golf passes from now from this moment to 130. Okay. Is that okay? Okay. Okay. Now few. Okay. That's it. See here every time I agree to this, then it cuts the beer big song to dance and oh, you're not promoting it enough and there's nobody here and they're not coming for the free stuff. Oh, Jesus. We got an important crap. We're taking care of my new show today. I can't tell you right at the moment what it is. But we got some important Schmidt. We're taking care of here today. And this stuff. And that's because Bruce Beesley's in a building somewhere today. So naturally, they got to make it look like they're going out there and doing something to justify the resistance. Now, I wonder if Miguel is with him. If Miguel is with him, I'll promote it more. Huh? Do you know if he's with the, that I think we don't know that. If Miguel is out there with him, I'll promote it several more time. If Miguel is not there, I don't want Chris to take it first. Because he's a good guy, but you know, ugly. Oh, okay. Ugly. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, man. How did I know that that was in a case? How did I know? 5, 6, 7 after all these years. There's still a sit around a house, you know, drinking a grandma boon and not getting it on the air. Here's the mobile address, Palm Beach, hello. Oh, Neil? Yes, sir. Yes. I don't think my mission is yet. I hope not for all I can do it done. But didn't rescue white, due to saying garbage. It's got a lot of money. I read a whole column about that. I just wanted to do it about how I was going to near in the TV guide. Okay, I'm sorry. I didn't know. I read a whole column about that. Never had one response to the course, but yeah, exactly correct. I mean, it was a good out of the way, but then two weeks later, that was all gone and done was. And we've made these last thoughts. And the guy was an idiot. I don't know why they can't. More than he was. By Phil Moshnikets in a TV guide page 56 and it says exactly what the you're saying. I'll the John Rocker. Where do you like it? It's a free pass. But John Rocker, maybe because he's white, the NAACP is also a kind of a bother. There you go. I'll take a look at it. Don't stand it. Okay. Thank you. Double standard. Black people can be prededized. But white people, if they say something right away, that's going to be fired. They're bad people or evil. They got horns and cinnamon so on. 567560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's four Latterdale. Hello. Neil. Yes sir. Everybody. Oh, yeah, I'm listening. Why do you want the Republicans to make out to make me came out to be a liberal, but you're saying that he's a staunch conservative. Who said the Republican said he's a liberal, whoever said that? I'm not saying the liberal, but they're saying he's got a real conservative. Well, because he's not there, man. I don't know. Pat Robertson figures that it can't manipulate him as much as they can manipulate. Bush, I have no idea. But his voting record in the Senate is 100%. I mean, right wing is far as you can go. He's going to get a member of these from Arizona. Whether there's a lot of like wingers. There's got to play to the board. Well, he needs to play to the board. Can stick to one piece. So in other words, that that's an excuse. That was your son. Excuse me. That's politics, Neil. You come up. Is this another word like New Gingrich was from Georgia? So that made it okay. Or Bob Boris from Georgia? I made it okay, but that's who who voted him in. Sir, sir, what you were not having a conversation, what you're trying to do is rationalize the fact you like McCain. If you like McCain, more power to you, I'm just telling you he's a right wing extremist. Ten times further than you go. And with that, that's up. That's your opinion. Gorsal pussy. Okay. You ought to know. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. I love the way these people try to manipulate me. Oh, well, yes, to do that. Because that's in a state and that's why he voted against having Martin Luther Coolday until it became politically unacceptable. And that's why he's against the wounds right to choose. And every other guy, air the whole agenda right on the list. He's right there. And he's got a voting record in the Senate to be right out of as opposed to George W. Who's just a governor of a southern state with a lot of people on death row. Twenty seven after noon at five, sixty, W. Q. Can't keep his checker in his hands. Wilson Bradley presents the hilarious new board game. They'll have you alive until you poop. Colossus me. Colossus me to gain. And that's no bulls. He's off on a game until the bag gets full. Colossus me. Roll the dice and look ahead. Great space. You get dreamed. Coral. No. But watch out. When. Lovin. Oh, shoot. Show. Like a loss to me. Bag. Ha ha ha ha. Colossus me. Wack until your colon first. It'll send your home with her she's first. Colossus me. You. I'm. 50 W. Come. I really appreciate her from that young punk team. A king guy. That's at least the third time he's called already. Last few weeks with the same. You know, if you like John McCain, more power to you. Okay. Maybe somebody can fill out that then motor registration thing for you. And you get registered and actually vote. All the way down. It. See, that's always a good political dialogue when you come back. Well, gore's up pushy. That's good. I haven't checked this in. Adamy lately. But nevertheless, it doesn't hold too much your political water. Give me. God. So Miguel is not out there at the acule and van. I just mentioned that. And he I guess Miguel won't be going on those van things during the show anymore. Other day, parts he might go. But during this show, he won't go out there because every time I mentioned Miguel is out there in a van with an effu. Then all those fags who listen to the show go out. You know, all those guys light in the loafers. And try to hit on poor Miguel who is not interested. Just because he's cute with his M.E. News interested. Oh, no. Well, not this week. It's taken a week off. That's not why it doesn't want to go out there during the show. Because he wants to take close to you. Sounds good to me. 567. Hey, listen at once time. I can always cancel with mom. And for that, I would. 567. 560. Pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a way to make my other wrong line too bad. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. What is that? Some jackass. Here's four miles. Hello. Four miles. Leo. Yes, sir. How you doing? Pleasure talking. Yes, it is. Crazy day. Hey, listen. I grew up with a very prejudiced mom. Very non-predigious father. Basically, stereo tights. There's a lot of realism. And these black people need to understand that. That black people. These are easy. He's going to agree. Yeah. They got to understand that he old neighborhood. I grew up on the west side of Buffalo and then moved out to Hamburg. Oh, all right. Buffalo Raceway, baby. How are you? And you can't even go back to my neighborhood. Right. I mean, they run it. Sports. They're moving in. They're running it. It's an obvious thing. What do you mean they're moving in? Well, I mean, 80% of some sports. That's not the ABA. What do you mean they're moving in? They've taken over the NBA then, Dark Folks. Yeah. And that fell to the NFL. Yeah. Yeah. So, you know. But as far as mainly baseball, the closing foes. When you go to a nice restaurant, yeah. Um, they give you nice food. Basically, these people go home and open up a can of spaghetti. They'll eat that hot dog crap. Hey, I got news for it. I'd rather have a nice can of Franco Murphy's spaghetti. Oh, seriously. I'd rather take Franco American spaghetti. Take a nice slice of Swiss cheese. Put some last paper over it. Cover it and heat it up in a microwave for like 95 seconds. And make me a nice cheese spaghetti. It's not that that's great. But I'm telling you, I'd rather have that than the slot that they're feeding the public at our ridiculous price at the Macarena and these other venues. Right. And you're right. They accepted so they're going to give it to it and the profits are there. But I mean, I've never seen such a bunch of, of, of, we, the yellow belly, the weak need and assholes in my life is these people. And then, you know, at the, there will be a cost so much to go to. Part of the reason to cost so much to go there is because the food is so over-prifed and the top and all office and added insult. It's a bunch of swirl. Funny. Do you think that too a lot has to do with it as far as the food down here? I mean, you know, up in New York, Chicago, all these places get pretty good food. You know, maybe they're just used to, you know, there, there's clearly me. There's plenty of good restaurants here. The people that are, that are thinking that this has been food must be people that you McDonald's. Yeah. And Leo, we used to go to Toronto all the time back in the 70s. What have you come from, from Buffalo, beautiful city. Yes, it is. Beautiful Canada. We go over the, remember, shirts and beach? No. Beautiful. Anyway, Leo, you're the best and there is a guide because we just got done talking to. Okay. Got bless you, sir. Oh, God. I say, I'm brought up for you. Let's, let's say I brought up for Buffalo Race. Wow. The late Max Robinson. Anybody remember, Max Robinson? No. 560, 50560, Pont 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's coconut creek, hello. Yes, sir. You'll God. All right. Do you get a Neil God, listen, I was just, I listened to you every day and I try to cool up whenever I have some sort of comment to make. Okay. Um, the title seven news just ran something about the sins of the father. Oh, yeah. Did you get a chance to look at that? No. Okay, a stop of father, of course, a father down in the Florida Miami area, accused of doing some rubbing his beads. You know what I'm saying? Oh, you mean that kind of a father like from the, with a, with a dress on? Yes, sir. Oh, my God. Just, uh, if you get a chance and the guy who says it, yeah. No, thanks in the church guy. I want him to take a look at it and he's on the good day, yeah. And, uh, that guy who says no fake church, F.U. Okay. I think that's where he went to school, I think. You have a call, G.B. Orlando, if you, I think that's where the camp. You have to let their eyes play to the end, so that I guarantee that. Just not a one in the family. Just got it. Maybe you got to send him up there to Albany. You can join Denise for a little sex change and the patty boulder. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pot and then of course, maybe we could just send over seven of those men's. Maybe we could have peppermint patty over it to a queer channel. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pot, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's four Loderdale. Hello. 10, what are going to say at once? 7 minutes and 16 seconds. And they're there. They're there. They're on there. And I said, here's four Loderdale. Yeah, hello. Oh, and hello, yes, sir. Yeah, I'm here. I just got blanked out on the top of the other thing. There's a lot of blank and alcohol in on. Well, power line is a lot of lines here. I'm on power line. Anyway, yeah, I listen to you show all the time and I never called them and I see them. They call them because I have something that I think would be good for you to interject into your show. I don't know if you've ever been at a supermarket and you know, you're walking into a supermarket in the middle. Somebody running for office there and he's sending you a password. No, why you should know, send them. Well, they do that a lot up in New York. But you know, if you really want to live in New York, well, they've never seen you do a tape. They wouldn't fly or to two. They actually never heard of them. Because they didn't fall Loderdale. They stand outside and they hand out out away. Yeah. Oh, for them. Anyway, make a long story short. Being a white middle class male, uh, European. I just said to the gentleman, I'm going to fall office. You know, I didn't, I need to go to send them back there. I just said to, you know, not fanning thing. I know what you're going to do for everybody else. What you're going to do for me is a white middle class male in this country. You know, he didn't, if he was like stunned, he didn't know what to answer me. I said, no, I've heard about all the other people that are going to be helped in America. And I've been listening to it for 52 years. I'm 52 years old. I've been paying my taxes. I've never done on a social program. And, you know, I'd like to know, uh, when, when we get anything from, when we get a somewhat affirmative action. Yes. No, no, just anything. What are you going to do for me? I, I, I gave you know, they used to have a, on my dorm, my house, where I was in the cities, but I gave, you know, when they, when you give to charities and stuff. Yeah. Well, I gave for 52 years. When, when is this going to stop? You know, we, everybody, this is about white attacks. Well, what, what do you want? What does you want them to do for you? Well, everybody, this is in this country about white attacks. This is all I know. Yeah. Anybody got the real life that most of the politicians are buying your vote right now with, with, with your money. You know, all they do is promise all the times they can marry that come here. And they're going to give them everything. But they don't tell you who's going to pay for, you know, who's paying for it. The episodes that go to work like I do every day. Yeah. And, and, and the way to want to pay in the freight, and if we answer anything, or what they want. What do you want? What are you asking for, sir? What do you like him to do? What do you want? Some of my, some of my right, some of my right back, you know. Like what? You know, my, well, it's my kid goes to school. I think he has the right to sing a Christmas car on school. You know, Quarantine though, Quarantine though, the United States. No, he does never write that. He's not going to Christmas. You're all of course not. In a public school? No. No. No. In other words, we just keep a road in the wall out of right to the way. Sir, you never, you never had the right to sing a religious song in a public school. And go back to New York, okay? This town is dying from people like you. You can smell it, I'm making miles away. Boy, his kids write to sing a Christmas car. Let's your kids sing a Christmas car on a home, okay? On the goddamn public bus, Robin Heli wants to say, not in God damn public school. Keep your religious nonsense out of everybody else's schools, okay? Sir, stop the roading that man's right. Oh, okay. What a schmuck. Tip with that, with that New York sound. And just, oh, God, makes me think a jury sign filled and the nanny. Hey, Captain, what nose is going on? Oh, there's a new man, so the last piece is there. Weeknight, only on the fourth, radio five, six, eight, two, eight, out. There's no fact in the church. In the 50s, Robert Young made people laugh and father knows best. Now, this great series is back, starring a few Catholic priests who like it young in the return of father knows best. Step into the confession or glee. I don't know father, this makes the 47th time I've been in there. This way. Oh, Billy, you want to be a good Catholic don't you? Yeah, but does everybody get a spanking? Father knows best. It's the Vatican's best kept secret. And you've got a private seat for all the fun. Just enter the rectory from the rear. Alright, Billy, boy, each time for your flute lesson. But father, your flute has only one role and it doesn't make any noise. Oh, it will, Billy. It will. Father knows best. Once you've seen this new sitcom, you'll wonder why you've never heard about it. Isn't the introduction to Shane Peever? Father knows that going to church may not seem very entertaining. But there really is something funny going on in here. Okay, 1245 at 5.60, WQM, don't forget the QM fan right now as I speak to them. If you all by yourself, is that the California Pete Decitchen 23 or 1 North Federal Highway, and you'll be there till 130s, got free passes for it to the new times international beer phase coming up next Friday, week from tomorrow of the 25th and also free Dan Reno golf passes too. You can go there and say, bye, Danny, boy. Thanks for the memories. Bye, bye, Danny. Get out of here. Time to hang it up. So here's the facts from Robert. And I'm a little confused about this because it says movie sporting events, concerts, air shows, at all. Usually the event is no longer than three hours. Why does the first net eat within that time frame? People go to work at 8am, go to lunch 1130 to 1 in 10. We don't need down the job. No more today at 10. So Robert's also giving instructions on what I should be talking about. Am I going to pay attention to Robert? No, no. But nevertheless, see what you don't understand. Like I'm trying to explain is that on week nights when people go to sporting events, the people who work for living, which is not only the man, but sometimes the woman, sometimes is a one or both of you above. And they go right from work because these events start at 730 and evening. Most of them. And as a result, people don't depend on what time they get out of work and going through rush hour traffic and commuting and doing all the crap that most people do. They don't have time to sit around, sit around the goddamn dinner table, or stop at a fine restaurant and eat before they go to the game. On a weekend, different story. Usually. And so when you're going to be in a place from say 7 o'clock in the evening, till 1030 and night that's 3.5 hours and you have an eat and since maybe lunch time, I think there are a lot of people in addition to which when you go to a baseball game, for example, that's part of the tradition of getting a great hot dog in a ballpark. I go into Red Wing Stadium and I'm sober stadium in Rochester and getting those great goddamn RPGs hot. Any kind of event like that. Right. Pointed to the theater. That's right. We used to go to high school football games in Canada, and they went to York right next to my house. One of the great things that have time or before the game or both was going to get no great hot dogs in the White Hots, to with the fried onions. They were great. They'll kid ya. That's what they're great. Delicious. That's part of the fun of attending this kind of an event. What's wrong with that? Robert, are you some kind of a... I... Sporel sport? Yeah. Yeah. Some kind of a wet blanket? Yeah. Some kind of a wallflower? Yeah. Come on, Robert. Get with it. I'm sorry. I'm talking about this a more today. I want to piss Robert off. You should have the option. Okay. There should be the option when you attend an event. Just like go to the movies. What's going to a movie for crying out loud? Would I get in some candy to rip your guts out? Like some non-purels. Boy, I do love non-purels. Is that what they call the little ones with the... Or are they the waveforms? I don't know. You don't know what non-purels are? I don't think of that. Those little chocolates with the white little things... Those are no cats. Yeah, no cats non-purels. Somebody will know. Or how about Neckle Wafers? Those are good. Those are just right. Your teeth out while the movie is on. I like good and funny. Good and funny is not bad. And jujubies for all you go. I am... Oh, there. jujubies. Nocdulds. Nocdulds are great. Just here. Oh, I love milk does. That's part of enjoying doing an event. I was going to say a good movie. Even a bad movie. What's wrong with that? It's the American Fnway Robert. And quite frankly, I'd rather buy something in a box than wait in the food at the McAureen. And then I'll end up on a box. And at least when you buy a box in milk, you know what's going to be good. You know exactly what you're going to get. Let's course there's still. Here's Lake Worth. Hello. Lake Worth, yes sir. Yeah, I had Susan Ticket for the ranges in the mid-80s. And the food at Madison Square Garden. A was expensive. Two was a bunch of shimith. Yeah. So a lot of these arenas nails, not just down here. Why is that? Why does it have to be that way? It shouldn't be that way. But they have you. They have a good view ahead. And what I used to do at, you know, Madison Square Garden was I'd bring a sandwich in. I would tell him I'm a diabetic. Yeah. You're a good one. Well, I'm a diabetic. Is that going to work for me? Um, I think that if you're a diabetic, I think you have a good opportunity to get by with that. Yeah. You know, because, you know, you say I have a special, uh, what I have to eat and they can't, uh, I think they can't keep me from bringing it in. I think you might have a right to bring it in at that point. Either that or just follow the massive lawsuit. I'm dying on the hand. Yeah. Yeah. Can I close somebody to do a spik? Sure. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. He's got an idea. What if you're kosher? Oh, yeah. Yeah, how come we don't have like nice kosher or a weenies there. They're both disguised name again. That's right. This guy's a, uh, greaser. No, seriously, this guy's a, wow, this, uh, a Salvador for Rula. And so anyway, what does he know about kosher? He bring your own hotdog. And he's a guy named Salvador and their pass-in-off Boston Concession is passing off as pizza that direct that they're peddling up there. You know, something even chef boy R.D. is blushing. And he's been dead for like 20 years. He's blushing, Sal, from what your pass-in-off is pizza. Man, oh, man alive. Even our good old, your good old buddy would have like a slight of pizza. How's he doing, by the way? Really? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Tool free, 8, 7, 7, 7, 7, 8, 5, 63, 45. I mean, not like this. Like this is rocket science. This is controversial. That when you spend your money, you should expect to get a good product and return. But because you happen to be spending it in a certain place, therefore you're expecting a crap. What was the logic in that? Talk about being conditioned and brainwashed and manipulated, like a bunch of pusses that we are. There's no backbone in America, baby. God forbid that we ever wind up in a war again, because there's no backbone in this country today. Let me turn it there right now. Here's a mobile and top of no. Hello. Unless it's maybe like the focal islands like the British do. Mobile and pop-in-o. Hello. How you doing, Neil? OK, sir. Well, I don't eat the food at the arena. I go over to one of the restaurants with the sawgrass. The sawgrass is great at the oasis. Well, there's another restaurant in the mall there that if you show them your ticket, if you get a percentage off your meal. Really? And then they get your free ride to the arena and back. They're not to pay the $10. Well, restaurant is in. Ruby Tuesday. Really? Yeah. That's a good joint. Yeah, I see you good food. You get a free ride there and back. You ought to pay the parking. Well, at least somebody ought to be no longer with how you told us about that. Well, I shouldn't have told you because now it's the big long line on Saturday. Like I said, I'm sorry you told us. Thanks. Thanks. Good to see you. See, there you go. There's more ways. There's more ways to slice the Hall of Odd than just one way. You got to be a little bit creative like this guy. And I'm glad that he did tell us that because now maybe more people have been going over to Ruby Tuesdays. And by the way, the, I never realized it before, but John put it out to the last night, the driver to the game, that right the oasis there is like right over the ass and you can drive right you know what I'm saying? Right, they could throw a rock from there to the arena. And maybe you'll hit guilty in the process. Here's Miami, hello. Or maybe my good friend Randy Moller and tell me there's only one Mike Lang. Here's Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Neil, good afternoon. And thank you for taking my call. Thank you for making your movement. I'm calling about a client that you made on Monday. Mr. First time out of chest, you get to the bottom of the day. I don't think I made any almost probably an old take because Monday we played the best stuff because they were doing the wallpaper and the place was 110 degrees. Oh, I'll talk and we couldn't have a live show and I was still on vacation. But anyway. Okay, you mean I come on on Monday and I'm hoping that I got it right. You were talking about how religion, uh, uh, breed, and promote hate and so I'll make a renseparate. Yeah. Okay, so I guess I got it correct. Yeah. And, and I, I, I'm starting the, I thought I wanted to allow. And, uh, you know, my pastor, the son to be for this Monday mentioned something very similar to what you said. So when I heard you make that comment and maybe really think and I said, no, it's really unfortunate that the religious people of the church convey that kind of message to society. When in reality, you know, the message that God wanted to get people was that he did love a mended kiss on it. Yeah, that's why he retent. He got pissed off. He was bringing them into destroying them and telling the kill each other. I mean, how can you believe that nonsense about a loving God? Well, I believe it. Love and God that drowned all the people and all the animals. I mean, well, what kind of ridiculous stories are these you talking about God is a loving God? Is that why he on the kept them leaching all these plagues on people? Well, Leo, you know, I look at my kids at every time I look at my kids, I think God's for them. And, you know, that that's a manner of speech. It doesn't mean anything. Well, nothing. I understand the reason why you part of the media comment on Monday is based on your experiences that you've had with people that have led you to believe God's and it hasn't got any to do with experiences that has to do with having a brain in using it. I mean, just not brilliant, but just intelligent enough to see through all the baloney and to appreciate nature and understand what life is really all about. Not some some ridiculous old man with a white hat sitting up on a throne somewhere. That's some fairy tale. That's where people are still living in a mental childhood. Well, I mean, you have to grow up some day, sir. You have to realize that nature is what it is and come to them to grips with the cold hard world. There is no God up there. That's the way to answer anybody's prayers. I mean, I respect your opinion. It's not an opinion to respect the fact. It's not an opinion. It's a fact. There was no such thing as a man created in an invention of man of delusionary, a paranoid people. You know, like I said, I respect your opinion. It's not an let me say it again. Not an opinion. It's the fact. If you want, if you want, if you want to be an emotional cripple till the day, they put you in the box. You know, seriously, you're entitled to do that. I don't be grudge you that right. But I think you feel much better about life if you could be a realist and live, you know, bring your brain into the real world and stop talking about this. Imagine every God that doesn't exist. There's no such thing. Well, once again, I said, yeah, I appreciate you letting me come on the air and comment about what you said on Monday. Okay, and I'll pray for you. Thank you very much, Abla. Have a good day. Okay. May you come on. Bless you. Whether or not sneezing. It's just not complicated. I mean, I get to the point that exhaust me even ahead these discussions because it's so painfully obvious that this is all man invented crap over and over and over and over again. I read a really interesting article and it was the only one by the way, those Atlanta papers on a plane coming back from vacation in the Atlanta Constitution. When I saw the headline, I thought, ah, here we go with the one of these religious thoughts, but the woman had a very good point. And she says instead of all these idiots try to inject teaching religion in the school, let's teach comparative religion in the school. I'm all for that. The only problem is the reason that doesn't usually happen is because the the fundamentalist or whatever religion it is. They don't want their kids exposed to the any other thought. The idea that there might be something else besides the stuff that they brainwash them with. And by the way, isn't it interesting that all of people are speaking about alien being brainwash when he goes back to Cuba if that should happen? That he's in a Christian school right now being indoctrinated with all this hoax-pocus and bullcraft Catholic school. Exactly. The worst. And of course being taught that anybody who doesn't believe the crap that he's being taught is going to burn in hell. That's not propaganda. Is it? No, thank god for that. I'd hate to have him be brainwashed over here. I mean, you know, this guy wants to am delighted for us here. I'm ahead with you. You're a bright guy. It's nice talking to you. You seem like a real nice guy. But you just, you don't want to come to grips with the real world. That's okay. People who need a crutch lying his needed a security blackhead till the day they put Charles Schultz in the box and they probably put lying his his blackhead in there with them too. Some people need that. I don't need it. I don't want it. It's too fat for me. 1257 at five sixty. See whatever that means. This is five sixty. You way out. President speaking. Yeah, I got so much time now today. I even listened to that Neil Rogers one to two hours. It's good. It's good. Okay. It's a day of fun. MDW is a hot-ed motor instrument. We go these days and day after all We'll be holding hands in adventure land Walk the line, the manally marching Then we'll make sure it's straight with a kiss On the cheek, it's a day after all We can wear tight shorts, paint a gold mule Main, and then wear mask out of like buildings We can then blow away as we transcend the shades It's a day day after all All right, and you will have a liberty ball Posted by a wristailer and roof ball The ringer of a monkey rock Not few mentioned people like ox, it's a day day after all Oh, it's a day day after all It's a day day after all It's a day day after all It's a day day after all That's got hanging in the Yorkshire Okay, 30-way 102 at 5.60 WCM is our big one and two hour And there's our best personal friend, Salfel Coney That we've been waiting for for a coonzee You can see that with our solar water blow We have been polishing over here to quote George Waiting for that solar water You know, we've done the tap ran a little bit dry And I don't want to mention that the Coligan machine I was mysteriously disappeared for the building And all that water that we arranged for like a year ago Remember those great glorious days when we first came up here on the turd floor And our good-closed personal relationship with the Coligan people I don't want to mention Todd Drecger was good friend of that agency That destroyed that relationship almost before it started I don't want to thank you, Sal, you're the best See there's our word I'm very important You got me to be, I'd like to pick one Or the medium one and the small one too Speaking of that, by the way, the yellow is on to the thing Let's just pretend the yellow is out there Okay, get a gigantic gathering Yeah, the nephew just called in from the QAM fan He said that as soon as I mentioned the yellow name The crowd was swelling, he said it was gigantic And the crowd too, they were swelling in their pants The QAM fan is at the California Peticition 23 or one or a federal highway In fact, I got a great idea for you From now on, here's a spectacular idea Every time the nephew goes out along these deals So that the Miguel doesn't have to be hassled in person We'll get some autographed pictures of Miguel Looking at his DVDs or something like that What's wrong with that? Airbie Fag with under 200 mile radius, so be out there In fact, there's a whole busload coming over from four miles And I hear, man, there's more four fags in four miles And you can check a sheephead That's what I'm hearing Wow Anyway, he'll be a bit of a 130, the nephew At California Peticition, if he passes the new times International beer fest on a week from the Mar Friday, February 25 And then Renew Galpaz is too And did you notice what I just said on tomorrow? That's a dark person's thing Oh, did you ever hear a dark person say a black-complexed person say Oh, I'll see you on tomorrow? No Yes That's part of a black-ease, black-ease speak Yeah I've heard him say, let me hold a pencil Let me hold it That's what Cecil says, let me hold it Here's Hollywood, hello I hear he's in a holding cell right now, yes sir How are you, my friend? Great Two points I have to make Okay The front tear out lost Vegas That strike has been home for almost two years But they're still picking out their coast practice makes perfect I think they'll say Just so you haven't seen them out there, you don't know This is one of the last six to seven years, what a longest time I know that's why I got used to seeing them there But they've settled, it's so doubtful I guess he was worthwhile or not, or maybe they just all died off Also, you said something today makes my blood boil Yes, we're talking about volunteers I don't have a problem with people bow tearing for a not-for-profit organization But what a profit organization uses volunteers to increase their bottom line That's criminal It is You have a hospital, but you don't know what it reminds me of It's like the scandal that we had with our OJ golf tournament And what I pointed out then, and nobody seems to care about is that charities are so desperate to raise money That if you give them like one tenth of one percent, they'll kiss your ass And do anything you tell you, you ask them to do You know, you have a follow on a second As we saw that's easy for them to do that And they're pulling the wool over the public side And then they invite the prices even more, which makes it that much more unacceptable And outrageous Oh, yeah, you know, even your radio station, they use it, turns there Yeah, they don't be knocking our interns I'm not talking about the results, aren't they? And people, and people, they don't be knocking J.P. Their interns are, and don't knock Shannon, your daughter will come after you ran But they work in X-3 Yeah, you know, at that They get an education Yeah, but the idea with that though, I mean, that's not a financial thing The idea with that is they're supposedly getting their foot in the door And you know, you have to start as a wannabe as a priority Right, you know, but Right That's where I have sir And God bless you Bye-bye 5605050 Thank God for self-coinery Boy, he's getting pretty cheap with it That's all he brought, all those are the big bottles, I'm sir Well, no, I know he's listening on the way out I just wanted to realize that He said it'll be back when you ship and come in Oh, they're a little loathe They're a little loathe Well, we're feeling mighty low, okay? Because I started to mention before The colleague in water is vanished Not that we ever drank it anyway, because we have our great soul water But it was kind of nice for all the other people in the building Don't play in most if you want to get pissed off You don't have your free-coloured water anymore up here You can blame Todd Drex for that Or you can go to the guy named Vinning machine From by the Ziffer Hills Water for amateur bottle City sense Fitty sense, but that's the same bottle Cost you like a box 75 with a macarina So what a bargain it is And of course, now that these people have great investments Which I can't say what they are, but now they're going to be making a lemon Oh, George just spit it off right there Look at that Yeah, what's 50 cents when you're losing all that money Oh, yeah Right Joe Costello You know, I'd like Joe an awful lot as you know But I never realized he was as naive and dumb I mean why wouldn't he listen to me? Why would he listen to them and go through all that business That you told me about which I can't talk about it on the air Because we're still in a quiet period But I mean, oh man It's like please, please let me lose my money Please give me the opportunity I want to be miserable like everybody else It would be like Jews trying to break into concentration camps During World War II It just didn't happen There weren't people trying to top aboard those trains You know, it just didn't happen Not voluntarily Here's Daniel, hello Daniel Hi, I don't know Okay sir That's a, I went to the Macarena last night First time ever Good day It was a good great game Yeah, but you know, I've never got those good seats Some of the game either season tickets Yeah And I'm sitting there in this kind of risky section And I went with a buddy of mine And every time, you know, some good happen We stand up and start cheering and cream And these old parts in front of us Kind of looking back at us But through a talking and a movie theater Wow, you know And they're getting, you know, they got real pissed off From probably they'll say the thing to do then It's start kicking them in the back of the seat A lot, you know Yeah, right? Yeah, I got him It was an accident by the guy I got him, you know The first school and Pival scores Yeah, that was great What a five Yeah, I was killer I had my first, I had a couple of ice in my hand Yeah Because, you know, I couldn't afford a freaking beer And that joins But anyway, he scored and I jumped up and my ice got old, you know, There was old people but he got a lot of ice Excellent, good job He got up and rushed Good, beauty That's the way to do it But yeah, it was a, it was a great game I'm not going to start going to those things But I'm going to stay up in the proper section Yes They probably a little harder Yeah, they're for the guys with the poppers Okay, have a great time, count He's up with the poppers So anyway, what was in that drawer we were talking about in Steve Nichol's desk Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty On the AT&T wireless line Oh, by the way, I do want to apologize to Peter Leonard For outing him on the area yesterday about his, No, do I want to apologize for him? No, no I mean, I don't dislike Peter Leonard I just, it's just, you reach the point Where you get so tired of people unloading their personal baggage on you You don't say it? We all have our own thing We all have our own deals And I'm a good listener, I don't mind hearing once in a while But just an incestance never-ending, uh, bunch of alony Other people's personal baggage that they keep unloading on you Just like what started with that litter with the kids And I'll let you remember that with that one account God You have to like, put your pants up and, you know, stand up on the top of the mountain top once a while And be a man like me Be a real man How's the girl doing by the way? That's a real man No, I can I tell you who's a real man And they showed that this show is so popular at the Terrible Show by the way So popular in Amsterdam They show it twice a day Silk stockings Roy Estes Who now, of course, isn't he on Melrose Place now? And of course, much older and as lost it But nevertheless, that is a real man From when he was on that show Which, of course, now he's like our older real man Not quite so real anymore And I'm, you know what? You don't know Roy Estes Yeah, yeah Silk stockings, Terrible Show all the way Had great sports jackets, they were like, uh, peach and lime And it was in Palm Beach, too, by the way And when you're nice to our past Yeah, right pastels Peach My favorite was the purple one Roy is sure look good in that purple I always look peachy to me Roy Estes Of course now it's like everything else is like Cory Hart You know, I see that the infomercial Cory Hart That's 20 years ago Can you imagine what he looks like now? Oh my god Jesus Wake up What's the first key? No, no, no, no, no, no Jeff the farce and Steve go see I'm going to fix only on sports radio 560 You A-M Where you fudge backer? My A-M My A-M Reckem My A-M Felt me Me My A-M My A-M My A-M My A-M Felt me Felt me My A-M My A-M Felt me Felt me Felt me Felt me Felt me My A-M My A-M Felt me I-M I-M You all like good little sneakers I've got fun little sounds that comes right out your sneakers I want a copy of me and do exactly like I do Get paid for writing little songs about boo-boo My brains are gone I'm trying to get my groove on But I can't figure out which by the school I'm going to fart on And Dr. Dreas You old man, you passed him Hey, I don't know What do I sell ass? And you say Well, it's age 12 It seems like I always smell that thought Ripping gas isn't tuned It was pretty swell I got this off when I took my jeans off And fought it so hard And turned my look off backwards Like Chris Crock And every night I'm like Oh, dinner gas Then fought up my ass Fasted a fat bitch who ain't you fat Smell this honey You'll do it in my own world I don't give a fuck God said me to take the world up My A-M-M-M My A-M-M-M Felt me My A-M-M-M My A-M-M-M My A-M-M-M I can see the water me kicked out Back in Juhi High Said the problem was something Prone up my ass and die I shot him in the face with my vapor The worst happened later When I covered his desk But he was taller than vapor Walk in the street club My chances were filled up Moves the bartender took a dump in a tip club Went over to a dancer Had a fucking agar She lifted a leg up And I knew she was a father Night and night Sending my life I would lie to I just sat down My mom got all gas in her I told her I'd grow up To be a famous rapper They would wrap about three nons Made on the grapple You know you would stir When the women rush to leave You'd rather hold it back But you'd run me to the street To sky and watch cats and sit It was pretty cool But I had to go Go drop the kids off And move My name My name My name My name Me My name My name My name My name My name My name My name My name Notice it has something else I also wrote that we're church going to clean the movie 117 and 570 Anybody call about nontraults? No! No caps, maybe it's the same thing. Chocolate drops with white. White the beads. Yeah, it's no caps. Do you bees? Do you ever have do you do? Oh yeah, sure. Now those are really put your fillings up. 560, 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's for Lauderdale, hello. Hello. Yes sir. Great. Actually, you can get non-parallel in any flavor of snow caps on your first one. It's chocolate. Listen, I wanted to touch that. I like that. There you go. I wanted to touch on the religion subject there. A couple of things I'm reading. I've we thought today from the African from religion. Just got in. Of course, you've known all along about 70 billion years. Goes into our religious organizations. Oh, you saw a piece of the person at home. 177 years. About a month. About a month. Yeah. 175 billion. That's the first year given to these organizations. And according to the giving to a J, which monitors for giving them things of that nature, 90% of that went right into religious groups. Only 90, 9.2% went to all others. That is, and get this. The GOP caught by the Scripts Howard News Service, giving $250,000 to the National Right to Life Committee. Isn't that something? Well, we're going to get in there and personally finance the burden of a feather. And we're going to get a lot of abortion plans together. You know, and this fundamental lesson, all of them, really, are always talking about the 90 to 10% believe we are the Galapin. What they don't, uh, establish allowed to be known there as that as religious beliefs decline. Even so says Galap, educational levels. The educational level rises the religious beliefs decline. And every area where that's half of course. Yeah. It's about this Bible teaching in the school. And we know that just the Lee County just lost this fight over there. Now, 14 other counties have taken up this thing. The teach this as history. And like you said before, what they need is comparative religion. I would have no problem with them teaching the Bible. They didn't have an unbiased people putting their spin on it. The only problem I have with that, I think it is a good idea. But the problem is that they're doing such a poor job of teaching kids the basics and they can't read and they can't spell and they can't articulate. So, you know, if they had a lot of spare time, we were doing a good job with other, much more important subjects than I would say that would be fine. But I don't think we have the luxury of waste in their time. We're a lot of nonsense like to buy all the different bibles and all of those, all these fairy tales. Let them read grim story tales, at least that's entertaining. I agree. All the religion retard, the education, anyhow, to say it was a mindset thinking. But if they're going to teach it, they might as well be unbiased towards the end of the blast a month back which reenall these unspeakable atrocities out of the Bible. Lord was attacking religion. He was getting the... Oh my God. You're getting these traction in the Bible. I'm not a kid. I'm going to build a building. He's got the evil heart that poisoned heart. He's got the evil heart. He's got the evil heart. He's got the evil heart. He's got the evil heart. Okay, God bless you. Thank you. I'll play for us anyway. How about that waste life, huh? I see if I'm a kid's groovy over there at Power 96, and I know that a new watch has got his waste life CD, which I've had this for a long time anyway. I'm making a copy of this and I'm playing this on here like immediately with not sooner. I'll probably get around to it. Well, let's wrong with them. Huh? Like blue. They could have been the first ones in the world to play that in America like on a real conversation. Did they do it? No. Now, they did play Robo Wallstar. So I'll give him credit for that. Like about two or three times. That was the end of that. But I'm talking about waste life. It's going to be gigantic. And the album is being released in this country very, very soon. In fact, maybe as I speak, the great group, even in spite of what George says, because if he grouped it, I like out of my pockets. Yeah, and what about it? Because everything that's baguished like first, then the straight guys like later around like disco, look at smegma. That was popular for about five minutes. Look at Tommy Hill finger. Yeah. Wouldn't it be something to follow guys all the straight guys, or Tommy Hill finger realized that it's a bag. That would be bad, shape. But don't tell them that because then they'll stop buying it. 560, 50, 50, 50, 50, 50 on the AT&T wireless line. How's Calvin Klein doing? Here's Lake Worth. Hello. Lake Worth. Yes, I know how you doing. Great. Definitely enjoy your show. I would like to say that we can have that you're off. Not that I didn't like George, but not that we want to not George. But did you take any of the Yammon over an Amsterdam? No, Mom. No, Mom. No. A couple things for you. You were talking about great hockey announcer, yesterday. Yes. I got one that I got to have. Dan Kelly. Yeah. Same Lewis Blitz. Great. And I did have if you had any material from him. No. But of course, the one that everybody's heard 50 million times is Bobby Ourscorner, Stanley Cupio Sanders and all our Bobby Ourscorner. We've seen that 50 million times. Dan, you were great, but we've seen it enough. Yeah, right. Well, I'm from St. Louis and Pam OX, baby. There it is. Great. The great Jack Bucks, the great Harry Kerry when he was doing a cardinal games. And a great probably before your time, but probably maybe one of the best of all was Buddy Blattner, who did the old St. Louis Hawks before they left town? I went to Lair Without. Buddy Blattner, he used to do the game of the week baseball on TV back in the early days with dizzy Dean. And it got screwed over in his usual other game. He was the good broadcaster. He got canned and dizzy Dean and we totally eliterate. They kept him on a broadcast with Tony Kubau, another illiterate. Yeah, I kind of stopped following. I blew that sort of out. My keen and destroyed the team. Yeah. But I would like to say, I got a chance to go down to the National Cardinal Center. The VNT Center, yeah. And it's not like watching an hockey game of North. No. There's not the oozing eyes are very limited. And that's it. I just wanted to go with the oozing eyes are more likely to happen when they're having the Puck shuffle there. You know, with somebody in the crowd, when there's a pause in the action. I like, in fact, I went out yesterday to take a leak. This is a true story because when the little pink light comes on, I mean, it's commercial time and that's always a good time to run and take a leak during the middle of the pretty one missing anything. And I went out, went out, take a leak. And I started coming back. And I hear all this reaction from the crowd. And I realized there's no way the game has started again. And somebody in my section, the guy who sits so few hours below me said to me, he said to me, gee, did we miss something? I said, no, it's probably just a Puck shuffle. And sure enough, I look up there on the board and hear some broad is picking out where the Puck is hitting me up. It's some stupid contest again. That one you hear the oozing eyes is when the little blimp goes over when they're slug in a t-shirt up in the crowd and when the Puck shuffle comes on the thing. The t-shirts that you wash and you can put them on your teddy bear next week. Exactly. Hey, hey, hey, I love you. I'm talking about the advertising sales guys. The guy that ball hit a guy? Yeah, Mike. Yeah, the chain smoker. Yeah. I'll try to advertise themselves. Oh, for a newspaper. I'll pray for your power. Okay, buddy. Good luck. Yeah, poor Mike. And then, of course, there was a chronic masturbator that we had in, who's name was also, I'm sorry, 5605050. So is it true that the Peter Latter's leaving your juice to make that up? Where he asked me for, I don't know. I just don't like him coming in here blaming me. If you want to keep something a secret, don't run around, blabin it around a building. Don't keep the drop in your heavy bag and join everybody else. That would like me coming on here today, talking about my broker's screwing up my God in account. No, and the reason I did do that is because a lot of other people can relate to that. Because everybody in their brother now is investing. This is the whole American way now. Everybody, they have five years. They've got a million years. Whatever they got, it's the whole thing now. They're tuning to CNBC. They're tuning into all the stuff. CN and FN constantly never ending. Because we've been kind to the believing that somebody on there knows what they're talking about. And maybe we'll get lucky. Like I said before, you go to the track, at least they put on a good show. You get some entertainment while you're losing. You go to Vegas, you get great entertainment while you're losing your ass. And at least you got like a long shot. Maybe you'll get lucky and hit a strike at rich. Like that Puma stock. $4.00 it'll putting 142 bucks a share. It's found. It's like 70-80 something now. Let's still take it. $4.00 a share. I want to say right here on the ear. I am a moron. I'm an idiot. I'm a dumbbell. I'm stupid. Online health. I said, okay, I'll give that a shot. It went in the toilet. I lost like two-thirds of money on that. Okay. You invest 30 grand. You get 10 grand. Not a good investment. Is it? No. And the same person gave us the other one to give me online. Help. I said, if you're burned once, what do they say? Fool me once. I'm a smuck in the fully twice and I'll blow your brain up. Something like that. I said, I don't think so. That's not the full-mufflet work. It's not even what they'll do. It's some other thing. Like some Indian guy. I think it's drugs. Went from $4 to $142. That means if you invested 30 grand at $4. You following me? And it went like 50, 40, say, 40 times, 35 times. That's a million bucks. That's a million of $500. Did I do it? No. And of course it's obvious I didn't do it because if I would have done it, would I be sitting here right now? No. Of course not. So that's the good news. See there's something to look on the bright side. I wouldn't be here just a dazzle. He would all my bullshit if I would have done that. 57 years old. That's not all enough to retire. 26 after one. It's 5.50 WC away. Oh God. From the director of the Shawshank Redemption. It's the movie. You knew Tom Hanks would eventually make. God did not put a gift like that in the pants of a man who he did not intend to use it. Starting another slow-witted southerners are president. See, told me not to go near it because it was so big and never right. Oh yeah. Well, what's the dirty hair? Take my hack and watch the chin off. Would you? Can't have it. It's the cream to smile. What's he? That was almost really embarrassing. Maybe it's any more anywhere else. Well, you still miss some, damn it. Yep, the clean that up. The cream to smile. In CDB it is everywhere. Squared Squared. 131 at 5.50 WCWM. So somebody who are one of my chronic facts is facts is me a picture. Not a real good one of Rob Esties. Rob is with Tessies. Maybe it's just like I said in the director. What do you think of Rob Esties? He said he has a stunt. Yeah. Anybody can see that? He has a stunt. What is? Not his was. And now, of course, he's on at, what is it? Melrose Place. How is that show been on all this time? God. Let's bring back not slanting. Let me go over here from our group post personal friend. What's it, we're well all right. I doubt it. Now it's getting close to thanks time. I think we'll over here from here again. No. Now. 56050505050 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Mobile and candle. Yes, sir. How are you doing? Great. Just a lecture. There is a blank spot there. You don't hear you on your first round. When you say hello or, you know, blank spot? Yeah. Complete with that. Oh, we'll be dead. Okay. Anyway, give me a moment here. What if it's great phone system that we got in here? I don't know. We've been doing this 100 years, but with some strange reason. I mean, Greg Reid bring a lot for it, do you? Yeah, sure. Yeah. Anyway, give me a minute here. I just want to change the subject. I just want to know if you, I don't tell you. We're getting his allowance that week. You've seen the paper this morning as far as our illustrious school system in Miami. But about the, the, the slapping face that Oprah would forget? Yeah. From Henry Frandt. Yes. Our right. Our opportunity. Angers. The faculty at Turner Tech rams with direct. Yes. Our right. Well, I just had me frame. I mean, that guy you just look at him and you say he's going to do the school system or big trouble. Anybody, you know, anybody just looks at that guy. They know that. Did you see the editorial with the put into back? Yeah. Did he say, come up with ripping him an ass. But the hope is that I'm not trying to find out. Can, is there any way that you might think of, I know you live up and Broward, but that we can get him to retire and then he can go out to the Florida Straits or something like that and just sit on a boat or something. Okay. We'll work on. Okay. We'll get him a rubber wrap. Five, six, seven, five, six, 60. If we had one lady on the other day? No. No. I noticed that we've had some on hold there. Uh, seen how you got me between the rock and hard place. But they just don't hang on. Here's a pig reporting for Lauderdale. First, tell him. Hey, yeah. Yes, sir. Got a big sighting on Cyprus Creek Road about a mile west of Federal Highway. All right. Okay. God bless you, sir. Thank you. He's quite ended up in the radio, too. Here's the lady finally, lady mobile and crossbrings, hello. How you doing, Neil? Great. Just wanted to let you know that Rob S.D. and the world's place. Leave it off to you for a year. Also those are just reruns that they're showing them. Just reruns. I don't even know where your find is them. But I have a question for you. Hello. I guess it was over there. They showed that in Amsterdam. That's where I saw that. I believe what it is. It's gone. A little bit of a whole post-talking. That was a hell of a show. Not a good show as far as the content. Yeah, but to look at him is pretty good. He was pretty good, especially with those pastel and sports jackets. Yeah. I'll tell you that. I have a question for you. I have a 22-year-old son who's going for that test. Well, with him backwards. Any good suggestions? They think he's got IVF. No, you've been through that. But in the past month. Any good suggestions? Yeah. I mean, should he do it? Is it? I mean, though it is not at all. It's all machine. No problem at all. Okay. Tell us should be his worst problem. Yeah, dear. You're absolutely right. But better off to find out what it is. You know what I'm saying? You got it. Get to the meat of the metal. Okay. Good luck. Thank you. Bye. Alright. Speaking of IVF, we got a prodigy that Gary Surner brought in. But I'm not talking about it till I take someone to you. What? Oh, you're going to speak. God bless you. How do these things smell? They don't have any smell. And patrons, healthy Trinity. Sounds like a religious thing. What are that? There's a little creature of Jan and Paul Croch on the back of the bottle. Is it there? No. Just a joke. But that healthy Trinity thing. That sounds like Trinity broadcasting. Makes me feel a little unclean. 560, 50560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. And I'll say it again. Roy S.D.s on so stockings. If anybody wants to know the definition of a real man, that's, that was a real man right there. You want to anybody in the audience wants to see. Of course, I don't know where you'll see that to you anymore. Maybe you'll have to get on a plane and go to Amsterdam and turn on one of those cable channels they got. And you'll see it like 30 times a day. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Meal. Yes sir. Hey, how you doing? Okay. Listen, I know you always concerned about your blood sugar. And my mother having been to the doctor itself recently with, which told us she needed to start taking insulin. Yeah. I went out to the health district who were called Sinclair Natural. And that her, the new product called Tancrier's Tonic. And they have some documentation that, that it can actually reproduce Tancrier's insulin producing cells in the nucleus. And she went back to the doctor and she ran up. And after she had taken it for several weeks and the doctor says, continue taking the medicine. You're doing great. A little bit, she couldn't she didn't have the heart to tell him. She hadn't touched the medicine. So, and it's both the blood sugar. And it's both the blood sugar. She takes her on blood sugar. No, she hasn't gotten that far yet. She's, uh, uh, What do you mean she hasn't gotten that far yet? Well, what does that mean? Well, he told that if he's, we wanted to put her on the pill insulin. Let us about. So, you know, because she's not that bad. But, uh, when she went back to him, she did tell her, how, what her blood sugar went back and had it tested again several times. Yeah. And he said, well, why wouldn't she get one of those little things? So, you have to do that. Well, she's not, I guess, he's a little bit bad. Listen to me. Don't say she's not that bad yet. Trust me when I tell you. Okay. Because this is, this is not something to play games with a serious business. You go under the, uh, a wall greens or any drugstore and they cost like 89 bucks or whatever. And you get one of those little, uh, Accu kids or whatever. They're all kinds of different ones. And you have to prick your finger a little bit. Well, you can use to that a couple of times that you have to check your own blood sugar. Yeah. Well, um, I guess we'll have to get one of those. Absolutely. I don't know. I mean, just saying, well, she went back once in a while or, uh, That's not going to be a several doctor's appointment. And over the time she's been taking these pills. She never took his medicine. She just actually took this stuff called tank free as tonic. Which, like I said, they have some documentation and help. Which, those, those, those, those cells that produce, Matter of fact, if you're the other way low blood sugar, you're not supposed to go near this stuff. Because it will make you even worse if you're low blood sugar. You know, but, uh, yeah, uh, she's just taken in and it seems to be working for her, you know. It could be a, well, some of you couple of models all know checking out. 567.0560. Pomp 560. Didn't the sound like he was plugging in your health, would store whatever was because he mentioned it on the ear, which is okay. But the 70, 20 or 30 bottles of all, it's, you know, how it works. 567.0560. Yeah, you have to, you have to be able to handle like a little prick a couple of times a day. In your finger. On your finger. See all those little prick marks on the end of my fingers. What does that tell you? That I just came back from Amsterdam. What kind of an answer is that? 567.0560. Pomp 560 on the 18 tier. Yeah, you have to take your own blood sugar, Mr. You have to take control of your own health. If you have 50 people out there to keep running the doctors to check your blood pressure and your blood sugar, you gotta be out of your mind. Yeah, and they turned you for an office visit. And we can go and check your blood pressure. Man, what a racket they got going. Gray robbers. Bluctors. 22 be four two at five 60, QA and come on, QA and trops the green flag with motorsports Saturday. Saturday morning's at six with Choka's Dellow. Right here. Un-Sport's radio 560. Two way in. She takes orgasms. I'd say four plus. This is the face of the reptile dysfunction. She-e-e-e. And this is the face of erectile dysfunction. And this is the reaction to erectile dysfunction. Yep, that's what you're looking at, guys. You may never be able to recover from an incident like that again. But you won't have to worry about that. If you supplement your EDS procedure with Dr. Richard Winers, Dr. Dick Extenders. Whether the biagra works or not, you are secure with Dr. Dick Extenders. Ask your medical practitioner for details on Dr. Dick Extenders today. You'll be glad you did. 143, don't forget we can't say Dick on the air. Can we maybe next year? 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T. We're going to hang up at 2 in the studio for a cool hotline at 670, clocked at the booster from Shulers. And then we got the ATK at Flagler Retentic Clock tonight. A wild agenda. 560, 750, 50, pound 560 on the AT&T line. Corey Saban is back from four mires. Everybody's excited about that. He's not too excited about it, but everyone's willing to have the seniors doing great. Got a little bit of his hair back. What more could you want? There's a mobile info at Lauderdale. Hello. Anyhow. I'm a firefighter here in Lauderdale. I'm in the middle of a three alarm fire. And I figured I'd put the hose down to see if any tickets. Yeah. No. I'm just kidding. We're flannel-rated together. I'm waiting for the good material. I'm lying. Okay, that was bad. Remember when the mollins first started and in the... Don't forget to rock to the cardiologist that pulled out the road too. Yeah, no. Did you go to any baseball games that first year? Sure. First couple of years. First two or three years. I remember on the outfield they had the picnic area. Sure. Okay, well, when I first went like the first year I saw smoke on. I was like, what are they doing? What they were cooking? Hamburger, top dogs, whatever. Right. Then they had these parties where these companies will buy a lot of tickets and everybody will go to the picnic area. Well, I went like three years ago and I was all like five. All right, I go to the game, I'll go to the picnic area. The food was so disgusting. They don't even want me to see one anymore. They have it in those metal trays. No, God. We don't know. Excuse me? I don't know. But the store no underneath trying to know if it was the, and they're sitting in this like oily water. It was the worst. It was terrible. I had never had anything like that in my wife. I must be crazy. I must be not. Exactly. And they they they they torn you off some chips that have been not an individual bag. You know, the bags you open up where they turn stale in like five seconds. It was the worst. I don't see how people could do it. And you know, maybe wonder why people tell get because they're out there eating. Not so much drinking. Well, they are drinking by a lot of people are getting their good food in. But I decided that. Yes. And about three years ago my mother wanted my daughter to go to Catholic school. And I told my mother, my God, and so it's argument. And I says no, because one of the things they wanted to teach was religion. I said, my daughter doesn't even know nursery rhymes and you wanted to learn the Bible. But she came and say her own name. That's ridiculous. We got a bigger argument about that and the association doesn't go to that school. So that's all material. Okay. And I'd be great. Great. I'll see you. Now, what's that one that they teach at Catholic school? Hickory Dickory Doc father of tool is once year. Five, six, seven, five, sixty pound, five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. Is that the one they teach at the erected right? Oh, yeah. I think so. I heard the tail of that. Here's the mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. How you doing? Great. Want to sound off a little bit about the nightly news here? The nightly news? Yeah. Yeah. The M.A.B.L.S. To be getting sometimes it sounds like they're advertising a month to chop shelf. Yes. No. Murder at the oven door more. Right. Second bar. Exactly. Why is it so chop? Yeah. Also the fires. What happens if they don't have a fire by fort mark? They send someone out the spot one? Absolutely. I'm sure. I'm okay. I see the channel trucks out there and they ever go to myself when you can know you fly in and you come in from the west. Yeah. And you see the channel 7 trucks. You think they're covering something and all of a sudden like 30 seconds later after they haul ash and take off the fires starts. Like that work without how it will. Exactly. Okay. One other. Yes, sir. The good one is the center one next to you. John, you come 400 bucks to have people take that picture with you with that boat get a barn. Okay. Five. Five. Five. And I'm going to take this. And I'm going to go. Five six, seven, oh five. Six, do you ever going to be doing center one next to you by the way, George? Oh, oh. Never did mention that on the year about the thing on the you were said on the aridges.com. Do we want to mention it on the year or is it one of those the less said the better kind of things? Oh. Okay. Let's move right along. Here's a mobile and dear field B. Chill out. Hey, how you doing? I'll let Norma Kent worry about all of that. Yes, sir. Neil, by the way, you, maybe I missed it. But you were talking about that 20, 30 program or the fiber and fat. Yes, you got to book in my hand right now. I have it sitting here at all times. I keep it close to my heart. No, but how does it work out for you? It's working out good. If you have you have you have you. I just wanted to be at the extent. Well, how's it working out for you? I just got the book. Oh. Well, I haven't been doing a long time post. I was on vacation and I certainly didn't do it then. But I've lost some of the firm on a weight and I've kept it off and I feel great. And I haven't had any recurrence of my IBS. Is it easier to follow than the asking for? It's not much easier. You know, bigger right here. Well, I don't know. Yeah, I would say a bigger variety. All right. I'll do it. Let's see it. In the back there's a listing of 85 million different foods a lot of what you can't have. But you have to be a little creative. You have all kind of good stuff. Right. All right. Thank you. Okay. Good luck. 20, 30, fat and fiber diet plan. Gabe, Merkin and Barry Fox paperback. It's got its own little fat and fiber counter on there. But a little chain on the book, which is, you know, makes it stand right out. When it does try it out. See, I have a new philosophy about losing weight. And I think this is the way to approach it. I mean, at least for me, I can't speak for anybody else. But instead of saying like, what did I got 40 pounds to lose? Why have 100 pounds? Whatever you've got to lose. When you approach it that way, it's like overwhelming. But if you start out as your project of losing 10 pounds at a time, you follow what I'm saying, which I've done a little bit better than that. But you start out and you lose 10 pounds. And then once you get to that point, maybe you go on cruise control for a little while. You stay the same. And then you start working on the next 10 pounds. Huh? Makes sense. Sure. And then you go on cruise control a little while. Maybe even go off in the game back one or two, which isn't too bad. Don't go crazy. And then you say, OK, now I'm losing another 10 pounds. And just like hearing car for it, you keep losing and losing. And then it's like a little bottle of the middle of the floor. I said, oh, yeah, I remember him. Yeah, he used to be a pretty good guy when he was alive. But that it just sounds like a plan to me. Maybe I'm crazy. Call me nuts. Call me an asshole. He's an asshole. And I think it's a plan. 10, 4, 2, and 5, 60, W, 2, and 3. I am not a Nazi. Treat your family to a Cuban Italian meal that will have a lion industry. Thomas, Rigolotto, Rigodtoni. Hold me, macaroni. May by thousands of big Jamaican women in here, and that you'll bang your fist on the table with every demand and threat that's printed on every noodle. Like you can't let them leave us sees the baby Jesus. Or a slice ain't hot with libidas. Rigolotto, Rigodtoni, won't stick to the pot. So clean up is easy. No, boss. Tomas. Don't feel front running. Hold me. Give him Rigolotto, Rigodtoni. He is sick. No question about it. 15, 4, 5, 60, W, 2, and 3. Hey, go over coming up at 2. We got Corey Sabin in a building. Anybody remember Corey? No. Why how fast they forget? See, he was one of the probably one of the very few that ever came to this building since it's been a sports organization that decided, well, you know, life is more than just being a sports nerd. And there's actually other things going on in the world like news, like things that are important that people really should care about. And so he like kind of branched down. He went over there to four miles, which is a good place to start. They want to stay too long, Corey. But, you know, and he came a news guy as opposed to just another sports nerd, which we have a lot of, you know, nice guys, but the silly sports nerd people, which they think that the world revolves around a lot of very important crap. Does it? No. No. Here's Western. Hello. Western. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How you doing? OK. Listen, guy. I had to talk about the self-stocking show. The one? So, stockings? So, stockings? Yes. Yeah. Well, that's on every night at 12 o'clock in the USA. Really? Huh? All right. Excellent. OK, guys. Thanks. Take care. OK. And watch what you do that Rob S.D.s blow up, Bell. It's not like he's getting a little hard on it. Anyway, Rob S.D.s here's the bio. She just gets started and all the other good stuff. He was born with a band you won as DJ Live 22nd, 1963. They would make him right now, 36. Obviously, much too old for some of us, but nevertheless, but the stock stockings show aired in 1995. So, 91 would have been nine years ago. That would have made in 27th. Oh! In those days. I just mentioned this in passing for Rob S.D.s fans. Every word from Costa coast. He happens to be, you know, not maybe the greatest actor in the world, but once upon a time he looked pretty then good, like a real man. Maybe not like Tommy Brady, or pretty close. That's what Mad Dog said. Here's Carl Springs, hello. Carl Springs. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. How's it going today? Great. Hey, listen, I urge you guys to write about the food today. And that was cool, but, you know, I just wanted to address that last call. That was talking about the food at Pro Player. I'll book at Barbara Cue. Yes. I'm sorry, you know, the game got in the way and that barbecue you want to do attend. And can you imagine sending your child to Kevin School and learn to religion? I guess that's about all I got. Okay. Hey, thanks. Well, he kind of looked convinced that there. I mean, you have to, you know, look and then soup. You have to water it down a little bit and then the law separates. I'd like you all. You'll figure out what he's talking about. Once you know what he's a, a booth. Look at this. We got three and a half minutes to go. There's only two calls on this. It has looked too promising to me. I mean, I could sit here and ramble on for three and a half minutes or three and a half hours. If I wanted to, we'll want to do that. No, because we want some really important input here from the audience. Don't we? No. Yeah, sure we do. 560, 560, pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. And the out of time on it's already lit. Look at that. Here it is. Here's West Palm Beach, hello. Yes, sir. Look and how you doing? Hey, I'm sure you covered everything on this John Rocker thing. But one thing, I don't know if it was said. But not to Germany used to send you to school too if you didn't agree with their ways. If you want real pro-journalism. It would make you feel a little bit. It was an act of fascism. This man has got first amendment rights to say whatever it only wants. He doesn't represent. He raves the organization. Right. And represent Major League Baseball. They should have absolutely no right to sense of what he's in any way. But if they don't like it, they can say, hey, we disagree with him. He doesn't speak for us. He's an asshole. But they certainly don't have a way to deprive him of a running an income. He's hard to be a pitcher. Not to be a spokesman. You know, I have one more thing, sir. Yes, sir. I'm, they're always saying a lot of the black people like we shouldn't celebrate Columbus today because, you know, he was slaves and George Washington. This school shouldn't be named George Washington. How about calling Jefferson? How about Thomas Jefferson? Thomas Jefferson was quoted as saying, if we don't send the slaves back to Africa, I don't know if it's a tough world. What if a future of this country will be? Maybe not in a limited 20. Oh, it. Who would he have been sleepin' with? Yeah. Well, maybe not in a little take it $20 or bill for now on. Yeah, because Thomas Jefferson's on there. He only sleep in smaller than 50 minutes. And hey, God bless you. OK. Ha ha ha ha. Yeah. Who would Thomas Jefferson been bedding down with it? Paul, I'm slave broads for the gunbuck. I don't know. It's a tough world. What do you have to start reducing it back down into groups. You know, in fact, even Bobbi yesterday, which I've said you right now and I know a lot of you were publicans out there don't like it. I don't give a crap because I like Boba. I don't care who he's getting head from. I'm not the least but interested in his bowel movement. Boba to me is great. Not good. Great, especially when you put everything in context, compared to most of his predecessors in my lifetime, sensational. And I love that the press conference he had yesterday. And he was talking about, you know, when they were talking about the candidates and condemning his personal behavior and this and that. And he said, you know something, he said, you can't lump people together in groups, whether it's their personal behavior or professional behavior. He said, just like talking about you people is the press. He said there is no such thing as the press. You all individuals, you're right, you're all in take. There is no such thing as the press, which is basically the same thing I've been saying. I'd call an airbubba. He's taking his cues for me. I wouldn't be surprised if he's listening to the show. Uh-huh. Or just.