6-D QAF. They're talking to Neil. All 5-6-7. All 5-6. Co-free and David Rower. All 5-6-9 years. All the opinions of Neil, his guest and colors. He's not necessarily represent those of the BBC Godgast group. It's staff. Advertising the Regency. Now, here's Neil Roger. On 5-6-D QAF. You can kiss my ran. Oh, I'd like to know, through one meal action. Then as I know, through one meal action. Calcabot, calcabot, baby, calcabot. Calcabot, calcabot, calcabot. Calcabot, calcabot, baby, calcabot. Calcabot, calcabot, calcabot. No. Ever since Mr. President Joe raised me down. I've often wondered who was going to win. Some poverty people went to do their voting chore. So count up all the ballot, then, find out who's got them on. Those old 14-year-haven, saying, child, unnerved. Looks like lots of them just be able to touch your view, can they? Boy! So, while I know who, one meal action. If I'd like to know who, one meal action. Calcabot, calcabot, baby, calcabot. Calcabot, calcabot, baby, calcabot. Calcabot, calcabot, calcabot. The final tabulation started coming in. Then, I found a new splash on Channel 10. Some may repeat, but all the gifts are open and bunch. They said they were confused and didn't know them which hold a bunch. Those old 14-year-haven, saying, child, unnerved. Looks like lots of them just be able to touch your view, can they? Boy! So, while I'd like to know who won theuber action, then I'd like to know who, um, the acquiring of this picture. Calcabod, calcabot, baby, calcabot. the boat all the way to the boat count the boat count the boat all the way to the boat count the boat count the boat count the boat count the boat count the boat count the boat count the boat count the boat count the boat count the boat count the boat count the boat count of them We carried out arrivalclock Areary lungs esta 18 80 But the bloodless crew is well on the way because while we're waiting for the federal judge to respond to the bush lawsuit Now we got that bitch Catherine Harris up there and tell her and Yeah, Victoria states. We just happened to be a course not just a big bush supporter, but we have close with bush So to speak that little more we're here and And she informs Warren Christopher and James that those F and Jews that in Palm Beach are don't go for us anyway Baker she informs them this morning that she's picking a were five o'clock tomorrow deadline She will be certified in the Florida result by five p.m. because if they wait too much longer than that they might get more votes And they actually put go ahead It is absolutely mind-boggling Crowd to know that I made the Matt Drogger show you know Matt never met a fascist he didn't like Terinoid I'm Drogger Sunday in I radio show Matt said that Neil Rogers encouraged people to vote hundreds of times where I'll go I am now officially part of the vast luck link conspiracy to deny the shrub is rightful places And I'll present that night's gone there Consistently full of crap kind of like a josey landbeat in the Sun sent me Which gets what josey? I'm not given wacky Jackie more publicity on me show under any circumstances The next time you decide to write some stupid article like that at least get your information right good to factor I can do it josey all what a jackass oh sorry And speaking of wacky Jackie nice performance there on CNN for clock out Friday wacko wow Boon the movie yeah, it's all fake and I'm about it. Yeah, it was real good You should did you see them? Oh, oh, oh, God, you must have like now. It's all about it unbelievable Yeah, and I went to Iowa classical about going he's for a class Yeah, just calm down wacko. I understand a lot of person I'm talking yeah, there is kind of a Josie landbeat you are a jackass So now we're in the middle of this Joe Leaveman had to say on good morning America this morning. He said quote An action by the Secretary of State who is going to support her of one of the candidates for president governor Bush The cutoff counting of votes in Florida would strike me at so extreme that I'd be surprised if someone particularly The people afford a who want their votes to be counted did not go to court right then they will go to court Oh, it's they I got all kinds of stuff here just they're gonna make you wild The FBI is being asked to investigate how thousands of mainly black supporters of Al Gore What given paper given ballot papers that allegedly already been marked for Bible candidates are you hearing this Yes, they democratic officials were examining claims that up to 17,000 paper ballots in the Miami area Had been tampered with them what they described as organized corruption Those are from the daily times in Britain. They won't read it here of course The Sunday times Whereas from across the West is centered on Miami and we're busy taking statements from those complaining that they've been cheated or intimidated of holding from Mr. Gore a senior Democratic official in Miami was hired a team of 20 investigators to carry out an inquiry All the times until now in Florida we've been arguing foul ups from the narrow and stupidity But this is deliberate corruption to spoil votes for go and this is a matter for the FBI Which I say let's bring in that FM of the Zimbalose junior, huh? What do you say get them on the phone baby? Get them out of the moth balls get FM pack out there and let's take his nose into it. It's it's a joke See there is one good thing that will come out of this whole mess One great thing that is you can bet your bottom dollar if you have one left away the markets in the 12 but again You can bet your bottom 50 cents That there will never ever be a presidential election conduct in this way again in this country never ever And why we're still doing it at this point? I mean, they it's okay to recomp my hand in seminal county where they found out he more votes for Bush then hand recouping is okay It's okay in Texas where three years ago George W. signed it a law. I am by law bill That is the permits for hand recouped because it's more accurate That's okay in Texas. It's okay in seminal county and it's okay in New Mexico where they found 352 paper ballots that were like Ah, they were like torn and they're much tough and they were getting right through a mom. It's an hour. It's count of anyway Oh, we're gonna push us 17 votes ahead now. Now it's four votes now it's 15 votes We and we still have a bunch of others that are hiding somewhere We're just holding them on waiting to see how many we need This is the most corrupt the most grotesque excuse for an election in the history of this country What's the verb be hey is rolling in his grave? I'll tell you that right now. That's right. You can even bear it by this crap It is absolutely ludicrous Like I said you have to in every dark cloud find a little bit of a silver line I'd sure like to hear about who those people are Palm Beach picking a Friday on CNN Palm Beach Atlantic University That looks like that. I'm meeting the Hitler youth there. I'm Friday Between three and four Bobby the piece through with her eyes focusing on the middle of her nose there I mean, there were some of those people in audience looks pretty good I got a conferstap, but maybe somebody can enlighten us just to who what what is that place Palm Beach Atlantic college What they do be talk back show on Friday? I thought I'll see here since we're gonna get lynched in that crowd. What will who the hell were those kids? man All the little bush underlings. You could hear the group stepping sounds in the back Yeah No, actually after for myself Do we have it in here? What was it under? Probably misspelled George George's under Brawls. No, it's so well. I spread the hardbook of the famous felt itself. Like I said it to you what is it? VUE Yeah, he's talking we Be Yeah that's the fight song, it's<|as|> touchdown qualities there are still seven backit lives this morning thanks isn't gentleman They were that Oh, and essentially our pearl that we took over the weekend echoed almost exactly which is unusual for us exactly the national pearls. I mean it was worded a little bit differently but in essence it was the same thing. We asked now that the Florida weekend is finished in our Gourmet or continued defeat. 72% said no in 28% said yes. Whose flash? Yes. Paul Beach Atlantic College. Yes, there's a Christian college. Oh, have a lawyer! I'm fine! Whoo! Here we go. Now, I begin to understand. I have an outward Christian goose stepping so... Oh, right! I'll pull you to the ground. That's right, it's right in the whole deal for me. Are you younger Republicans at local blinds? No question of the program, maybe we could easily forget that we expressed written commission and WWE 2AM, BC God-Catholic Incorporated. All right, go woo me. Oh, I don't want you to go old, but how do you do this? But I can't help once I'm ready. But for right home. And I don't know where I'm going. Is it left or right? Up and down. And then I go with right. And I don't know. And then I go with right. And I don't know. So, what the hell like that's the family. It is all the way to God's will. God's will give family to my God. Oh, I think they're home. So my brother will win. Just like the world, country. Like a Mexican home. Oh, oh. I'm not going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. I'm going to die. No, I'm going to die. I'll take it. I'll take it. I'll go with my brother. I'll take it. I'll take it. Hey, you don't be a man! I'll take it. Oh, you see this thing. One of the rabbit with a painted face bush people like young punk over the weekend, screaming at the old Jewish woman who has been on the fact that she probably wrote it for the cannon and she wanted to vote for Gordon. He was screaming at her. Oh, you didn't really want to vote for Gordon. Where we were voting for the other guy. She says, what do you mean by that? This is you know what I mean. As an FM type. Yeah, I mean, he just caught in James Baker. And it's really comforting to know that the way of error on machine counts on balance is only 2 to 5%. Early 2 to 5%. Yeah. Absolutely shocking that it's that accurate. Can I ask you a question? What is that I'm hearing? Is your TV on in there? What is what am I hearing in there? 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line? Here's plantation. Hello. I'm a TV. And we're not going to agree on this, but I just just might point of view. First, there was a Republican on yesterday when they were doing a recap. What are this recap? He was told the way behind the window and he could watch. All they had the ballets in there. Well, all the Democrats counted the ballots. And while the whole they found the other in 29, the whole of votes. Well, wait a minute. They're not all Democrats counting ballots. What are you talking about? He was on national TV yesterday. He was a liberty. I couldn't believe it. They said I could be in the same room as the Republican. But they put him outside that he said you could watch through a window. Where are you talking about? Where does this happen supposedly? That was on the Fox News Network yesterday. No, no, but where was the counting? What counting are you talking about? The motion. No, you're absolutely wrong. The people that are counting, in fact, in Valucia County, it's two Republicans in one Democrat on their election board, that you're wrong. There's no Republicans on the outside about the Democrats are counting. That's philoni. No, that's true. No, no, it's not TV. I'm not out of here. You're crazy. You know if they reminds me of CNN, you know, the Bettle, these millions of people. They don't even know the Bettle, these millions of hours of crack going on. And they said, this must be another one of those kind of calls. This is a new deal by the Bush people planted calls. They're the women calling. They were taken so close from the public, which is a bad mistake. And the woman said, well, I want you to know, I'm a Democrat from much Tom Beach, but I voted for a Pantheon in the Suradil. A lot of my Democratic friend and the course nobody believes that. Is anybody believe that? Oh, no, so here's the new deal now. Only the Republicans, if anybody who watched two minutes through of the news over the weekend and the news, they said, well, they've got a Republican, a Democrat, and they've also got Republican Democrats, a standing over there, a sugar, a super rising and watching. And I'll say it again in Volusia County, the elections board is three people, two Republicans in one Democrat. And this guy would have you believe it's only Democrats counting up there. The bad news for him though is Volusia County looks like they'll be done counting by 10 o'clock tonight. So that'll be certified. Whatever they get done by five tomorrow now, isn't that interesting? You know, this is very interesting. All the pending on what happened in court because we had the federal court judge who were waiting for on the Bush motion. And then we got now the, the poor people are going to go into court to appeal to us thing with the Secretary of State who just happened to be a bulllick, a Bush liquor, and a bulllicker. But wouldn't it be something if five or five or five tomorrow? They come up with about 300, 400 votes for Gore in Tommy County and then the Volusia County and other three 400 out there. But of course they always have the Asian, the whole those overseas absentee ballots, which we still can't get an accurate number of 100 out there. First of was 2,300. They've been to the Afrioli precise number, the front, 2300. That was 3,000. That was 5,000. That was 7,000. Just like the O-Apsid B ballots in the state of Florida. You are watching. I don't care. What your politics are. You are witnessing right in front of your faces. Right on national television and attempt for a bloodlust coup. The Bush people lost in 92, they wanted back. They were like, pop a bush, they can't eat the whole bunch of right wing fashes. They wanted back. By the way, we still are a fair and square. We still are fair and square. And don't forget what your W-Torval Goro, when he called him back the early and the wee hours of the morning on election night. My brother told me I won't Florida. So there. Because the fix is in. And to watch this. The virulent anti-Semite big of a piece of crab James Baker. I thought the veins are going to pop out of his forehead. He's getting so psychotic. And about how they want to keep counting and counting and counting till they get a result they like. But they hand count was fine in 7,000. It was fine in New Mexico. It's part of Florida. And it'll be just as fine as. And it's part of Texas law. And here's some even better news. ABC fires ready to host Matt Drog. When ABC hired cyber gossip Matt Drog so sophisticated radio show last year some topics. It is led by ABC news president David Wresden tried to best to block the move. Now the suits have gotten the last last. Although Drog's program was picked up at 135 markets at 39 of the top 10 ABC is just fired him. I see it as a punishment for daring to report on ABC's activities. The whole notion that this is political payback from I web reporting is an explosive accusation. But I'm willing to make it. ABC spokeswoman Julie Hoover says that a decision was made by broadcast representative Bob Kellahan with no involvement by parent company Disney. Sunny night talk shows are just not good business. He says it. We're just not going to be in that business anymore. Takes up a lot of time and makes very little money. And this take gotty gotty. My name and call it is the right last night. Just in time before his last show on ABC. Bye bye. And John McLaughlin would say bye bye. Matt. On that. 567. 560. 560. On the AT&T. And Verizon Wireless Line. Well, then that call at first call. Got to be another one we set up calls. Is that what we're going to be getting our week on? Hey, that's my with me. I can handle it. Oh yeah, the Republican was made to stand outside the window while the Democrats were seeing their counting the ballots. Why? Call, come up on another good one. Tell me back another a little later. See if he can you top this. Here's a mobile and poor child. Hello. What about me? Yes, sir. How much questions for you? Maybe I'm just really stupid. You're a new funny and I think that you're pretty intelligent. I want to know if you can explain something. I mean, how is it that counting every single vote and making sure the data correct and everybody's voted counted. How is that going to hurt at the market? No, it's not a question whether it hurts at democracy. It's a question whether it's Bush. And the fact that he's ahead by 288 right now. That's why they want to cut it off. And that's it. That's why they're sticking with his deadline tomorrow because the Florida statute says this. And the oddity in the course they don't understand that we have an extraordinary situation here right now. And they could easily explain it based on that without any opposition from any rational person. But like James Baker keeps saying, let's wrap it up right now because we're ahead. Right. And my second question is let's say for some reason clear we'd have one test. Let's say that they're margin that Bush won't clear it. And we're up and later for some reason. We've got 10% more votes than he was supposed to infect us. Does anybody honestly believe that Bush wouldn't count would it call for a recount and checks? Well, I mean, forget about Texas is the same thing here. Where was the head by us to 288 votes right now? They be screaming about a murder about how they want to be counted because they're tanky, tanky, going on, etc. And so on. The fact, let me say like I told you last week, the fact that call world and these other people keep lying and keep using statistics and manipulate. Keep talking about the butterfly ballot in Chicago, which was not used in the presidential election this year. In fact, the Chicago officials they had on air effects William Bailey talked about it. They only use that for judicial elections. They don't use it for presidential elections for governor even for the state of this picture. They don't use the butterfly ballot. And I'm going to say again, what it really boils down to and I'm really shocked that they have the question of the question of the ballot. The question of the ballot is the ballot. Even the instructions that accompany it are illegal. It says that the name must be by the whole must be punched to the right of the candidate. And it also says vote every page. If you vote every page, that means you double punch your ball of kick sooner. It's an illegal ballot. But don't confuse these people with a fact. So by all, you know, people may have a stake. Too bad, the world, they're stupid, whatever. Yeah, because they're hit. And I'll give you a clear that same people that are screaming what it might be right now. Like I said, if Granger's head by children, 808 votes, they'd be screaming less than right on. We don't want that line. We want to kick count until we get the right number. That's our third question today, by the way. I know how I'm voting. Will we ever really know who won this election? Yes or no? First of all, question. Do you think we'll ever really know who won this election? Yes or no? What do you think? I have two to five percent error rate on machine counting of paper ballots. And we're supposed to be happy about that. That's supposed to be good. What we have these states, the margin of Oregon's about 3,200, in Wisconsin is about 6,000. And I, which is less than 6,000, the Mexico is supposed to be 17 until like an unforus and find a whole bunch of other ballot signals that can be there depending on who won it is getting them. And we're supposed to believe this is the way to elect even a dog catch it. Oh, I don't think so. This is stupid. And you can argue about it no matter which side you want from here. Here at the end of time, this has got to stop. This has got to be the end of this. We have scanners in the supermarket. We have ATMs with your credit card with your bank card with your debit card. We have technology. We can do our astonishing things. And here we have 200 U.S. people holding paper ballots up to the ceiling and looking like, ah, wait, wait, is that ballot? I don't see it. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. I look at four off. Looking for a little tiny holes. Yeah, looking for a little tiny holes. And I'm here in the caster in Boshut there. The Secretary of State, I hear the team or something about that. Who's one I'm here? As you have about it. 560-5050-60. On the AT&T and Verizon model slide, 46, 130 was our last total for planned Parenthood water, pretty business started. If you ask me, you can get your best in the L.C. and Couset at all your respects, doors all over town, plus nipples and four miles. Or buy a go to new loungers.com and W2M.com. Get the C.D. Cousets key change t-shirts for Hodeel. 26 past 10 at 560-50Q and Couset. Ah, it's so nice to see you. Good for the job of crashing things to two. So that food is a fancy thing. Still all going to know that thing. All the I6s and all the I6s will feel the aroma. Still all going to puzzles just … It's wprowad vastlyities and all. But even the encounter in the fields is the same as the other have to bid struggling. OO » Am I experienced. It's an annoyance. I'm the consume. I'm the charge of Bosn, situations of COVID. I'll build the Space Dragon. All I know is the automatic tireless light, all it's so nice to see you on you. That's up to that full-lead guy to do. So that's who it is that's to say. Still all the children know that they, all the life they know that are a real big girl, that's one and four. Or it's so nice to see you on you. It's such a vicious thing to do. So nice to see you on you. That's the issue of 5kcw AM. 560, 560, 560, this is, you know, I've always said it when we take these pools. You people have got a great sense of humor. You think we're really ever know who won this election. 11 say no and 5 say, yeah, yeah. Okay, and there's no point in taking the pool if everybody goes to the same, but who are you people kidding? Here's your sign of the channel. Yeah, I'm Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, um, first of all, um, I'm really upset about something. Okay, and I'm sure a lot of people are. And let's just, first of all, okay. Yeah. I heard this morning was on the Washington TV and they were talking about how much integrity and how wonderful the bushes are. It's not under the punch of punch of punch of a smith. And then I heard this bombshell. Then, okay, and then the first thing I did was, like, just to confirm what I already knew about who this woman works for, so the Christi works for. I called Paul has a, and she works through a post-directly with shit to Jeff Bush. Uh-huh. Of course. She's, she was a bush campaign worker. She's a big on bush. And, like, I'm not going to be on the phone. This is something very closely from the beginning. And you're out there upset. And yet I've been knowing what's going on more than a couple of most people. So, personally, I've had a good breakup, non-shows, and make a, I wish, say, and as governor, they have Jeff Bush. Yeah. Well, he's done. I said that last week, Jeff Bush has finished. He is politically, he can't completely doubt his political career is over. I kept the leaves. Okay. Hopefully that's the healthy. I mean, even if he does manage to get his brother in here this time, first of all, the brother be a total lame dog president number one. A number two people's memories aren't going to be that short. The public knows that this man is participating. And, in fact, don't you remember what the George W. T. George W. T. George, if you're not brother to a male body election. Yeah. Yeah. He told me. I need to make the phone. Okay. Have a great day. Come down. A little bit the straw. Here's Coral Geobal. Hello. Who's in the top of the screen? Hello. What is it? Two shows about machine voting. Yes, sir. Presently, we've had computers in that now that the sun people are suggesting. No, nobody's suggesting the internet. No, no, no, no. You have a new, uh, national internet every day. The Russian mafia, which we've got some, out here, and the people in Saint Petersburg are expert. It's breaking in van, you know, got in the Microsoft and got in the 10 of that. I mean, the 10 of that. That wouldn't be so either. And in the past, those wedding machines, we used to have where you pull down a lever. Yeah. There was a big scandal about rigged boat turtles on those. Some kind here in the past. I think it was a brother's collar. It wrote a book. Maybe San Kaya, I don't know. If you've been to Iran enough to remember something about that. They're good now, but it's a some big scandal in the past. So machines are a celebration in themselves. Charisma, what's the answer then? I think that's the answer. Okay, thanks. 560, 560, POMP 560 on the AT&T. I don't know. And as Iran's the wireless one, I don't forget about the trial. I don't know, commission to build a British needle minority too. They probably got there from your internet. Here's what, Myers, hello. Yes, sir. Good morning, sir. Good morning. I'm thinking with friends, no relatives, neighbors. You keep here the same thing. It's 1700 boats, a 350 boats, 7m. You know, the bush still won or whatever. You know, I say, can we always like when you go to a bank. And you need pocket money. You write it check to yourself and endorse it for $100. Power counts out 2046, 81. She turns to UNC says here you go, Mr. Rogers. 2046, the 80 100. Thank you for banking with me. Why is she doing that? She has to bounce her drawer. Thank you. She's getting her wife. It doesn't matter that the wood turkey tension is a dozen manner. And I'm saying we do until we get it right. You know, I'm saying, first of all, I'll floor the wall. I'll allow us for a recount and allow us for a hand recount. Floor the wall allows for that. And the bush people could have done the same thing. They could have requested that at 72 hours after the election to request hand recounts. And any counties that they wanted, they didn't do that. That's the problem. They didn't do it. The Democrats, the Indian four counties, where they thought that there were allegations of gross irregularity. But it shouldn't take anybody request. Yeah, and I hate the sound like the dotting old man father standing over a son doing his homework. You're going to sit there and you're going to do it till you get it right. Yeah. But it, to those people who say that doesn't matter, I would respectfully say, fine. From now on, there's a difference of 1350 votes. You vote never counts from now on. You do it and take it together right. Right. You're going to get it exactly, but they got to at least make an effort to get it as close to right as they came. That's where I'll get anybody out of you with that. I'm going to accept for the fact that we're head right now. So wrap it up and just admit to see, I mean, this has been the public relations game that the bush people have been playing since today after the election. Let's hurt. Do the hurry up routine. The rules there, hurry it up and try to make the other rules like sore losers. Right. Now, how many common standards are democratic and how many are Republican? Is that said? There you mean for the new Congress? Correct. It looks like it could be 50 50 at all depends because if bush year wins and liberal mental still be one in Connecticut and there's another we counting in the deadman card and misery and in Washington. And one of the scenario of the one in Washington head shows was that there is a flight possibility that if this thing goes to was that the house for a final vote. Yeah. You could very well wind that you get pushes present. Goers be paid. Yeah. And which, you know, well, that's not counting. Afterpies and not getting it happened. Well, the past thing standpoint, it would not be the end of the world. Yeah. Because when both won't win win. Well, when legislation comes up, you got 50 for Democrats, 50 for Republican. Just as going to cast that type breaking vote. Goer. So you can, you know, it's that system of checks and bounces between the Democrats and the Republicans. You see, I'm saying. It's not going to happen. Don't worry about it. I'm not going to lose any flavor. Okay. Five, six, seven, five, six, five, six. He palm five, six. The only somebody over the weekend called one of these eight million shows and said, Well, you know, something if they have to go in the limbo here in the speaker or the house becomes president. If we have to have like a president in the limbo, then there would be done as fast. But you know, something that Republicans then could make George Bush the speaker or the house. There's only one problem with that sweetheart. George Bush isn't the house of our president. Is he a member of Congress? Oh, do you remember the house? Oh, I'll remember the Senate. Oh, oh, excuse me. Move, move, move, move, move, move, move. Twenty before a lot of the five, 60 WQM. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, five, 60s. You, A, and. I want to bang on the butt, honey. I have enough selection of his shows. Let you confuse. Here is your guy. He's understanding how to guess your most in our beach County, Florida. All along with me to see just how easy it can be. Let's get started, Charlie. Joining me here in the booth is Mr. Normalsteak. Who are you voting for? I'll leave him. Joycey. Now, read the butterfly, now it. Starting with Bush, Katie, and the West column. You can, and Chickal, grew up. Hangover, I can many grubbles in the life. Where's our lives over there? His car comes to us. The West column, Sky. Yes. It's just the guy who makes my baby food. You know, now simply, a bunch of whole, in the 1959, you'll have that cheap punch guy. Wait, get over there. Here. Use this microscope. Well, there. There. That is all. Can I punch again? Yes, sir. No. That is valid, they're vote. All right. Yeah. Punch again. And then. No, come back again. I'll punch you. Come on. Come on. I'm sorry. I thought I ring old sheep. Remember, come and just, you want to live in Guada. Exercise, you're right, Duvont. In accordance to the little grubber. That's 45. That's right. My brother told me I won. So who the hell are you, Mr. Hot Shot? My brother knows. Because he said the fix was in. And then we also got a Peter Handdoot. And we got Katherine Harris. We got Bob Crawford. We even know he's a Democrat. He voted for Bush. So we got all of those so wonderful. Why we used down there in Florida. They're going to make them sure they're whatever it takes. You see, it's interesting because the Bush people are supporting the law. Supposedly. That says that they can certify at five o'clock tomorrow that they have no or discretion. They're supporting that law. But they're opposing the law that can't that that allows for a man who will recount by hand. So whatever the law is they like that are speeding to them that they have a 288 bold lead, then they like those for the laws. But the laws that are not expedient to them that may actually take a lead away from them. We don't like that one. So we're going to court to try to get around it. But don't you understand, this is the guy that was going to bring honesty and integrity or morality back to the White House. Here's what Latterdale. Hello. Hi, this may. It sounds like you. Yeah, I was interested in the concept that Bush looks in the camera all the time. And he says, I trust you. They could have a big government. And of course, as you said, Bush are going through federal government now and it's not a change. Also, Latterdale, that's a better decision on and the probability of you be cannon vote that being. I'd like to ask the one in the trillion. One in the trillion, why? I just suggest that we're Republicans that don't know what a trillion look like. If one with no obvious rules after it, they would. They don't want to look like exactly the budget set is that they're going to give us a big attention. No, you got that right, Neil. Why wanted to say with my wife who would not have a spouse that's seen your voted. And I hadn't heard this that I mentioned before, but it just been really part of the metal little thing that you calculate. We thought it would not go while she was voting. And she just didn't say anything about it because the atmosphere on the vote in the way this is. And it's one of the violence in one of the intimidation. People are afraid to come forward and say anything, especially with people who are not going to be a good one. So, I think that's going to be a good one. So, I think that's going to be a good one. But that should be looked into whether the next person was able to actually vote, because he used a little handle to properly be a paper. And of course the handle wasn't going to go through. So, we've got some problems. Thank you a lot, Neil. Okay, good one. To us. 74 votes already, because you think whatever, you know who won a selection, 51 votes, 23. Say yes. Oh, yeah. Sure. You know, and you know how they know, because yet, to them, he told them the fix was in. What a joke. I mean, I don't care at this point. I mean, I'm not saying I don't care personally, but regardless of who one is being declared to winner, the notion that we really have any idea. How many real votes, bush got or go or got? And of course, who's getting off the hook and who would they have on it again? So, they're still popping crap. He still on a zero trip, Ralph Nader, who took nearly a hundred thousand votes in the state of Florida. And all you need are people out there. I hope you're real proud of yourselves. Let me say it again. Let me ask the news of a question. Did they get their 5% vote nationally? Oh, are they going to get their $12 million in federal fact, or are they matching matching funds? Oh, no. Do they screw up the election here on Florida, cost to grow the president's seat? Oh, probably. It looks that way. So, there's Nader still spot in the same arrogant, ecodistical crap. Totally unrepentant. Totally without any kind of anything. He just all wrapped up at himself. And you know what I forgot to mention, this was supposed to be the first thing I was going to mention today. You know that bandage on the side of Bush's face, the infected girl, that gigantic boy, what don't you remember in the bottom of the box, as well? Yeah, I said that to the guy. Let me tell you right now, ladies and gentlemen, the hand of the guy came down from heaven and struck W. right on the cheek and gave him that boy and said, how dare you try to steal the election? The frauds are next. That's right. Wait till I got them, frauds, they're jumping out of his back. Oh, my God. Are the first Canadians of them? Here's sunrise, huh? I think they're either way. Okay. We're never going to know who won the select. It's a good joke. If you can wave a wand and get rid of all the kinks, I think it would be good, but at this point it's just a nice fight. Yeah. And that's basically it. The people who talk about danger, if you have computer voting, look, it shouldn't be any more ridiculous than what we have now, or you can, it's physically destroyed by us, can you see about pre punch by us? And I don't know not only that, but it goes to a secularized computer. They punch a button. There's the number for each candidate. And then you don't have to worry about all these exit polls and early declarations by the network, because they're the numbers right there for you. You have totals. Exactly. Some are the number cuts screen voting. Right. That's right. And if we're going to be many of these cops for that, but you couldn't have multiple voting. Because you know, you go to the bank and you have a choice of how but you want to take that away. You can only press one member. He's having first waters with you together. And if you did press two, it would say arrow and the do it again. And you could have your choice of confirmed ones. That's right. Before you submitted them, you would have learned a whole category of the problem. And the way it is now, we have this interface where we have cards, cards, cards with hanging, Chad, and pregnant Chad, they're counted on mechanical machines. And then there's a point in the computers anyway. So you really have computer security problems as it is. So you've got to take care of that. Obviously you have to police act, but you know, if the Russian mob wanted to, Well, that's what I really did. He was busy with the trial at all commissioning. He's trying to find out a third door, a pop of Bush is still on it. On the app can keep ours. And this is the biggest joke. I mean, I'm sure you remember that my amni-election from there, where the appellate court, who now all would be app to keep ours. They were so serious with fraud. Right. And that's what happened here. I'll say it again. And why these talking had, they've had 50 billion hours of this crap on television. Why nobody mentions the fact that the action be ballered, nobody had any idea how many were out there. And it started with about a third of a million, then it went up to about a half a million. And then like nine o'clock at night, after this whole floor, the election was up and there. All they think it may be more like close to a million now. Think about what? It could be the preferred method of vote fraud. Right. And exactly the recollect. Now, these things weren't so called for that to be ballads. They don't have any of their arms. I was reading an article on the ABC website, they expect them from countries that don't even postulate the mail. So I don't know how you determine that. That's a postmarker now, with a date. But you know, it's typosetically here. Let's say, and we have to remember George Bush's senior was the former president, former president of the CIA. I'm sure he got the good action, though, received. If he wanted some country to postate, you know, or pre-day, some postmarked, I mean, I'm sure he could get a pass. I mean, this is a joke. Yeah, but he got a lot of the two million votes from the Jews and his U.S. never coming in. He could've got about those. Yeah, well, we are, well, well, well, but there could be maybe a few work of it from Germany to California to California. Yeah, could be. So, I wonder whether the Bush and the Bush and the British and South American Central America, I mean, it's a total joke, because there has to be, okay, another one, another one. Two days ago, we couldn't have imagined doing. So, it's possible we couldn't have up here on Iowa. Now, in about, what is in about an hour's time, they'll start the canvas here in this particular county, but what is the mechanism by which this weekend, we can't have could come off here in Iowa if it does come off. Each of the 99 counties over the next day will conduct their canvas, which means they'll basically go back over the vote code, also make sure everything adds up. Once those have been certified, then the presidential candidates, if they want to contest any of the counties, they'll have to write to each of the 99 counties requesting every count. So, this would not be a statewide recount, it would be county by county correct. It would be county by county and the candidates could pick and choose which counties they wish to contest. Now, how could the Bush people support that? Just like how can they support the one that happened in Semero County where they picked up under the vote? And how could they support the one in the Mexico or getting four electoral votes for the time being, maybe, when they're against the one here? Shut up. They're picking and choosing, wherever they're ahead, it's okay. And if they're behind it, they might get me admitted. Then it's wonderful, they love it. Talk about talking on the both sides of your mouth, back to them or whatever your body part is coming from. But these are the people that we're going to bring morality and honesty and decency back. Is there anybody who's honest to believe that? No. They sure are fair and square, don't you get it? Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yes, sir. Good morning. You just made my part. My part is not going to have a change factor and the Republican Party has been made. They've got a federal court that blocks the recounts of the Florida votes when Bush just signed into law and taxes a law, or are doing manual recounts and credits of election? Right, that's right. And not the day block of a recount in New Mexico. And then as soon as they've been 17 votes, they're ahead, getting the judge into a few other votes so they can't be another week. I thought they've encountered all of our votes. They've got true to stay true prison there, guarding to make sure that they don't find any more that they don't like. And who knows what's going to happen with that? Yeah, everybody sees it in a pocket fee. They're a public and party, I'm not saying that. Not the Bush people, do you understand? They've got God gave them the right to have this. And we should just whip out and walk away and hand it over to them. They're just a scary thing. They're trying to say, like, James Baker, come and back to life again. And I mean, this is not always that, but based on his anti-Semitic comments from eight years ago, you can only imagine the kinds of things that are being said behind closed doors about those F&Js old Jews down there in Palm Beach County. They're just, it must be rubber hands together in Glee with the fact that they created all those confusion down there. All right, I'll email you a shout-in to our first, on the election eve with his parents and the government's mentioned in Texas. I just thank you for myself, where the budget's your credit fee. Yeah, you're having a good answer. Okay, thank you very much. And let me share it again to Palm Beach County ballot is you, but nobody seems to be paying any attention to that. It's illegal. For many people's share over the weekend, but nobody wants to address it, in court or anywhere else. It's an illegal freaking ballot. And keep in mind, if the courts don't decide with the group, people on the appeals that they're going to make on this, on Katherine Harris' ruling about tutoring by five tomorrow. And if they should have filed a Florida vote by five tomorrow, and since we're just about positive that the overseas ballots, which have to be counted all by Friday, I'm going to pay for a post. That's it. That's it, baby. There's the end of the high-striping abroad daylight, right in front of your face, five p.m. to mark possibly. And what's the court over loser? 1056 at 5.60 WDQM. 430-56 WDQAM by heavy court lawyer Dail, a measly broadcast group station, WDQAM.com or a world. Gordon gives that Florida a major blow job. Hello American, I'm Paul Hardly. You know what the news is. And a minute, you're going to hear the worst of the story. It's one of the clock at 5.60 WDQM. I think we're already hearing the worst. Here's a mobile and candle, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I like your show. I was up at the case, Kenny. Kenny, you straight said it. I was, anyone who specs there, and I was asking for your CD. Yeah. They said they never heard of you. Well, not up there. Not up there. Why don't they have it up there? I figured they might have. You got to have all the special for it. No, it sounds a little bit of a Palm Beach State bow. And even over the West Coast, the Naples and Fort Myers, which they also never heard of me, but they do happen. I was also in Miami Beach, and I didn't throw a I saw the CD, but I did not see your keychain. Because the keychain's earned in the stores. They, no one won. I'm lying. Got it? Got it sitting down, huh? Ooh, ooh. Okay good. Oh, I got a keychain for you over here. Yeah, there you go. Don't take that personal. Just half of the cup of the rotation. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, Palm 5, 60 on the AT&T, and Verizon. What's their hummercy? Remember they were set to do the recount. And hopefully one of the finishes I later tonight, they have gone to US Circuit Court here in Leon County. That's where Tallahassee is located. They're looking for an extended deadline. Pass the 5 o'clock statute that states tomorrow, 5 o'clock for all counties to report. Oh, we got to get certification for the vote that have come in. Well, Lucia County is going to court that was anticipated because they talked about it this past weekend. In Bruyoucia County, they have about 180,000 dollars to get through. Again, they hope to finish tonight about 10 o'clock eastern time, which would put them well within the margin of 5 o'clock tomorrow. However, there was a lot of talk in that county this past weekend that they wanted to ensure the fact that they did not miss the deadline therefore they wanted to go ahead and see court permission to extend that. If that's the case, if the court rules in the Lucia County's favor, again, the action we saw here today in Tallahassee may be moose or put on a hole for the towering bank. Now, let me ask you this, what if we'll pick up an extra 600 vote in the Lucia County? Because, you know, there were 10,000 votes for like the socialist candidate or something in the Lucia was all the whole thing up there with Scrootup. And we had to bow it through bags of ballots that were like moving around from one place to another. See, that's another thing about paper ballots. Oh, what is the box in that some church somewhere in Miami? And there's a bunch of bags and then there's a bunch of boxes that are driving them around trying to find where to take them on election night. I mean, if anybody have any idea what's happening to those ballots on root from point A to point B, or did anybody be absolutely sure at all? No. So anybody who supports the idea of voting by paper ballots, they knew support voter fraud, you must like voter fraud. And I guess it becomes that whatever the election is like, maybe this one. So it becomes that the way you want it, then you endorse your support voter fraud. And of course, in Florida, why not? Because that's what we have a long-witch tradition about here. I really wonder how many dead people voted in the day County this time. And you do realize they're not meeting until tomorrow. And they'd carry to the side whether they're going to go ahead and do the menu or we can't anyway. Do you understand how what we're talking about Palm Beach grow and I brought you in tree precinct today. The Palm Beach grow in day to say, we're all going to go ahead and do the manual recap, which Palm Beach is already voted to do it. Given that how long it's going to take? Oh, long, long time. Here's Tampa. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. I got that news for you. The speaker of the house does not have to be a member of Congress. I'm looking at it's time of Jefferson's manual section nine or two. Yeah, I'm looking at it's time of Jefferson's manual section nine or two. Yeah, I'm looking at it's three, twelve. So they can select anybody house to speak to the house. So if they want to pull that stuff that you could. They can select George Bush to speak to the house. Yes. I would say to you, my fact. How long how could they do that? Does that make any sense to you? No, it doesn't. But that's the rule. So I'm looking at it. Yeah. So the other part is kept when Harris. Do you follow her election up there? Did I follow her election? Yeah. But she had five people give you a little campaign campaign contribution to her. All right. Great. And five of them went to prison. Two. All right. Double ray on her. Thanks for the good news. Okay. Nice going there, Karen Zren, who never met a Bush that she didn't get in China with. And she's got something come with Jane Arino. 560560, 560 on the AT&T and Polaris and Wireless Line. 139 votes. You think, well, ever reading a new one in the direction? 100 say no. 39 say yes. 72 to 28 percent again. That's interesting. There's that same percent we had. On last question, we asked them to look in. I guess we got 28 percent of the people out there no matter what the question is. They're going to say the movie movement like that. So George got to get could be the speaker of the house. So then makes sense to anybody. He's not even a member of the guy in house. And especially with that big ball on his face, who there would want to have him in their house anyway. Here's Orlando. Hello. Any other quick little trip back here to Valicia. There was a price thank 305, 310 votes. There was not counted on election night because the machine jammed and they turned it off. And it reset to zero. Now they hand-challeled it and it's 181 for Bush, 129 for Gore. So I was wondering if the Bush people would want to count that one. I'm listening to that again. I missed the whole last part of that. They counted what votes? There was a price thank 305 that was not counted because the machine jammed. Yeah. So they hand-counted that. So they think now it turned out 181 for Bush. What? How do you know that? I tend to only in a certain of it. But I was wondering if the Bush people would want that price in to be counted. And what count do you listen? Bullish. How can they be releasing their partial lives? That's not the problem. That's probably the problem. They want to release it. Well, it's in the set. The thing that's disheartening is that 10,000 votes that were switched from Gore to the social scanner to Bluttingshark. It is ballots were destroyed. Then those 10,000 votes were disappeared. And that's a reality there that may come to fruition. Captain Cap then about has. She has demanded certification by five. By the way, that is where the Jebler is now governor. He's the governor of the Secretary of State's office. She doesn't choose his public. She's done that for two reasons. Obviously, they want to stop this because they're afraid they're going to lose. But this also forces Democrats to file lawsuits. And now they can say, well, what? And the court's saying, well, that's okay. Well, I mean, if they want to be challenged about it, who was first? You know, with the Republican to become a federal court first? I mean, who cares about that? So I guess the Bush people will want that hand counted price in relation now. In addition to which keep in mind, it's always the Republican. The Bush people are saying, or state rights, state rights, get that we don't want that big government. Local control unless it's not for us. That's right. That's what a bad news. Okay. Chicago Tribune says, Senator County, a lot of Republicans saw the more than 4700 absentee Valerie questioned order fixate printers error several weeks before the election. We're talking massive, massive voter fraud in this day. Don't you understand? They, they stood by looking like corrupt. They scored parents square. And now if you've got any brain, you need to know you understand why the networks are reporting every one of them. The exit polling showed very clearly that growing one of the state that the polar of the last lady for the election showed goal is 46.10. And Florida, most of the polls, including the zombie poll, which was very, very close in most of the individual states. But don't confuse people with the facts. Because one thing, but the exit polling will never ever show up in that fraud. There's a lady in Miami, hello. Hi, how are you doing? Okay. Well, I've been hanging on long and that's the tick to cover most of my points. And especially what you just said, it's really clear that go on and it never is or accurate. And that's why the damage can solve on and all the back peppering. But if everyone is putting what's there, what I had to say, I just want to tell you that I received a call from the Democratic National Committee that there will be a count vote, Marlene Gade, and I was grabbing him by the Republican, who's other people to be in his river. And I said, even after all the future search, he's a crown on it. Worked counting. How do they know that they're not even voting on until the mall? That what can I tell you? Okay, well count on it. Okay, get your eyes off squid away. You believe that George? We got it. I do, George. Baby, come on. Make up some stories. What else are they a little care? I don't know. I don't know. At this point, I'll listen to anybody. It shows four good hours. See, this is bad for democracy, but it's great for talk radio. Yeah. Ponders smoking too bad. That line five never got this block. Because I'm sure that's why we'll be smoking like the other ones too. And who knows what effect? You know, I don't want to start pushing. This place is just indescribable. It's mind bottom. This recount at the emergency operations center. They want to keep it all in one big room so that there's no possible problem with anyone who's on the district going on. So people they're watching over this can all be right there in one room. They haven't decided whether they're going to start because what's going on in Calahassy right now with the Secretary of State and the 5pm deadline also in court. The staff of paperwork I have five individual losses. The chief led judge here in the circuit in Palm Beach as the decided they will all be consolidated. He's consolidated them into one suit, one judge will be handling all this later this afternoon. Judge Stephen Wapp at 330 this afternoon will begin to hear some motions in the five individual cases. Of course Palm Beach County is still here from last Thursday under the in junction temporary was in junction to stop from certifying the election here. And joining us now, Kerry Clark and her and you are a current competitor because that she never looked better. Nice going Karen. And she stopped for a big Mac on the way over there. She looks a lot better. 10 thanks 11 at 5.60 WQM. There are the sucks. Secretary Andrew Nian out of the agency that AT&T knew was calling things. That is simplified calling and we need your phone bill. Who are you again? AT&T AT&T and you call for what? I'm pretty sure that I knew with calling things. You knew with calling plans. Disseller. Go ahead. Okay. We're obuied AT&T like I said we do have a new calling plan. That is simplified calling. If you don't mind me asking. Hello. Hello. You don't mind me. I'm on the toilet where I'm talking. Okay. I'm working. What kind of law this is? Creating room. What's your question again? What kind of law this is? Hello. See you next. We must use AT&T. I don't know. Okay. So WB about talking to call that. Who? What? But WB about talking to call her back. No. You got to talk to me because I have the phone here in the bathroom. And I don't want to get up and hang it up. So keep talking to me. Tell me more about your deals. Okay. So you think you're with the Tier VIII? Are you ready? Maybe you have Tier I or Sprint? What? What? What? So you think you're with M.C.I or Sprint or AT&T? Something like that. I don't know. Do you know what kind of Rature is currently getting? Oh. Hello. Do you prefer to roll it up or do you want it? Here you sit. Can you get that woman's arm? Oh, I'm making a poopy. Oh. Oh. So you make a poopy? Hello. 1115 at 560 WQM. Here's another round of facts from mother Jones. Thousands of her residents were struck from the photo list because they were mistakenly identified as ex-cellens just once before the election. The clown hey, the fix is in and was in and where we are. And you'll see, but she's going to win. Then I tell you that right after what you see, you could smell it. There was in the air. Here's for a motherdale. Hello. Deal. That's you. Every morning I've never gone to before but I'm so pissed off about this election about something that nobody's ever has nobody talking about them. Yeah. I heard this on Channel 6, I don't know. About 4, 430 on Friday they were interviewing a guy from Nova Fowlty's surname university. And I don't know what his ex-parties was when I told one of his name was but he said that when they go with one of the machine constantly ballots, if there's not a whole punch for every race that's on the election, it rejects it as an incomplete ballot. Right. That's your old house. So I'm serious about that. Yeah. Somebody that's like me that I don't know anything about these judges. So I don't know those race. That means none of my votes were candidates. Right. Whether for president or anything else. I mean, to me that's on constitution. Of course, well, what if you don't want to vote for president or if you don't like any of the candidates. And you want to skip on and vote for other things. Maybe you're a more, but one of those only ones. Let's say you like to vote only because you care about the one judge. You're a whatever one issue that's on about. Why should you be as qualified because you don't want to cancel the referendum. Is it the most ridiculous thing ever heard of in my life? And I think that I think that's ground for Washington. Believe me. Well, I'm only a public and I'm not. I mean, a sure plenty of lawsuits flying around. All the lawyers and judges are having to feel they why not. Why not that one? Because I'm a public and I voted for Bush. Yeah. I think the whole state should be recounted because they keep saying they had like 9,000. And rejected votes and routed and something like 20,000 rejected in Palm Beach. Those are like my actually was 30,000 Palm Beach because when you're 19,000. When you're 19,000 was just the oververse, the over isn't the underse where almost 30,000 just in Palm Beach County. Then I think they should read and the other other question if they find a ballot with double punch. Are they just are they kicking all ballot out? What happens to the people who are in the other races besides the president? They get thrown out. That's it. That's it. Ballagets thrown out. And keep in mind what they're fighting so far in a manual recount has been that the majority of the double punches were gore and dukenen. That's probably true. That's probably true. But just because somebody's too stupid to vote correctly in one race does not doesn't make their under votes invalid. Yeah. There's that point that you bring up an also question about whether the ballot was legal which I'm not no extra but a sure is how it was in the question. Okay. Good luck to watch foul. I'll see you at the report. I'll see you in the long the overseek section. 560 5060 pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon one was one. I'll tell you what thing boy there's a passport office right there in Miami. I'd be on the phone right now and get my application if you don't have your passport or can expired. I'm just suggesting that not saying anybody ought to be an a panic. But we do have what amongst the total fraud in this election. We have the right wingers trying to steal it away. They lost parents where they lost the popular vote. They lost this state that is very clear by any standard that they lost this state by thousands and thousands of votes. And yet somehow miraculously they have managed to manipulate between the governor of this state and the secretary of state and the agriculture commissioner and all these other grants. They have managed to manipulate this and do. Hey guess what we won we're calling all off right now. That's what Jimmy Baker says. And he says that those use anyway. In case they didn't hear it the first time. Here's having a tour. Yeah. Yes sir. Are you used to say that having a church between Bush and girls like having a menu where the church is a dark crap and elephant crap. Right. So why are you now in this and go or what he did the door to pay for elephant crap? Yeah. Your double proper. Yeah. Double proper. I voted for Gorsier and you know that okay. But if you want the horsecraft you go at a head. The amount of those people doesn't believe somebody ought to be allowed to steal the election. But I'm a hypocrite. So what are you still listening to sure for asshole? I should go over there and listen to what's in it. But I was in that right wing paranoia for three hours of it. I'm sure that you just squeezed yourself in here that crap. You want to hear somebody just to reinforce your own beliefs fine. You're not going to hear it here. And I still say I still stand by what I said. They're too crappy candidate. And you know something that's why they let you with so close. America couldn't be it couldn't decide between crap on a one side and more crap on the other side. And I've to mention the two of us present as your candidate. I don't know what kind of animals you picked for those. Of course, in legal and case of better recosures. Here's broken. Hello. The better not have a clothing hoof. Yes, sir. Yes, hey, don't today. Okay. Okay. Okay. I want a question on a comment. But questions regarding the five-pim deadlines tomorrow. Uh-huh. Now we already know that there were 19,000 double roads in about 10,000 under vote in Palm Beach County. As well as 10,000 under votes in date as well. Is there any way they can just go in and manually count those under vote? And just get that done by five-pim tomorrow. Where are you talking about? So they can't just count part of the vote. They don't separate the under vote and over vote from the rest of the ballot. There'd be you're missing the point. I mean, it wouldn't be fair to count just part of the vote or be like saying, okay, well, we counted those four Christians over the weekend. And that's it. I mean, they decided there was enough better screpancies. They have to be count all the votes. I have to say that. And my comment regarding the confusing ballot in Palm Beach County. Yeah. I have a lot of people in front of me from the country wondering how, you know, people can be so confused by the ballot. And if they ever spend any time on the roads here in Florida, they don't understand very easily the drivers. Right. Pretty much fixed themselves. Amen. Okay. We'd like to ask them. Thank you. Okay, hang in there. I'm going to respond to an output in the one that don't work anymore. 560 560 550 50 on the 18 and Verizon wireless one. That's for when Christopher is a very measured criticism of Catherine Harris behind the scenes, though, privately, going much further than that, going to a typical quote, a both bush brothers, Drone W and a jab that one, one aid calling, or off the right thing, you know, on a background base, is calling a political hack. Probably, well, much more measured, like 20 out of she has very clear political ties to George W Bush. Beyond the name calling, the Crony business, what legally is anticipated from the Gork campaign now? Well, they are fully prepared to go to state court to challenge this. They have not made a final decision as to whether or not they, the Gork campaign themselves will bring it to suit, because some of the counties of the Lusher counties already said, they will go to court to challenge this. They believe that she could have discretion, that if she wanted to, she could simply say, extend the deadline until the counties have finished their hand count. They think that it's simply, you know, the interesting part of this is they can't give a final, the curfinal winner until Friday, because by a law, 10 days after the election, which would be this Friday, the 17th, the U.S. e. Bale, it's a heaven till that time to become it. If there were a receipt by five o'clock this Friday, I believe it's a time. So what could possibly be the harm, extending the recap until Friday at the same time? What could possibly be the harm, except for the obvious fact that, well, let's go by the letter to the law and the close it down now, because we got it. We got to an immediate votes ahead and screw you. Here's a lady in Palm Beach, hello. Hello, that means? That's you. Hi, I just had two comments to make. I'm one of the people who you'd want to be screwed up, that's what? Uh-huh. So I'm not surprised. And I want to see somebody investigating the printer in Calhassie. Also, my second point is, the driver's license registration, that people made him funny time, but never came true. And they showed up at the polls, and they want registered vote. This is my two points, that's all. Okay, good luck. Good luck. Thanks. Okay, like I said, I'll see you at the airport. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line out of town 877 755345. Let me 25 at 2A in. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 5, 60s, 2A and a mini-battery, have I'm right or I'll live it? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I'm not sure. It's tensed that the newspapers show I was in great. There's no-one under my back. I'm not sure. Why do I need money? I won!better url I'm more satisfied than for my celll With eyes cot for bewildered Like I did to keep leaving so still way And don't forget your a good deal with me so you're a hypocrite. 567 I'll say it again. 2 crappy candidates. That's why I was divided right down in middle because America basically said this is the best you can do. 560 2083 votes in our pool. Do you think we'll ever see anything a lot of people really understand the question? 202 votes. 145 say no. 72 percent yes 28 percent 58. Do you think we'll really ever know who won this election? Not well somebody be declared winner which obviously they will be, but if it were really ever know as in, uh, uh, yeah, who really won. I don't think they understand it. Or maybe they're just stupid. Here's a mobile and tell me be, chill out. Hey, you're all right. Okay. First of all, nobody will ever know who won this election. That's what I'm thinking. Yeah, absolutely not will never happen. And my point of matters is this is why politics chaps my ass in this country because what the blowover Republicans and Mr. Nisson on this compliance scenario is if George Bush would take the stand to recover them falling with the stand as they head. Look, the first time in history we have a presidential election being separated by less than 300 votes. Why not take as much time as possible to get a right to destroy it? And then George Bush will fight you here. We don't lose the Republican party will fight you here. Or what can we stand where in court while we hear politics blows in this country. It has more under the end of the world. Amen. Yeah, I hear you. Okay, hang in there. Thank you. Here's a facts from John who says, we've been sitting in the state of witness in a crew that's hot. Yeah, this is the end of democracy. A long-recured way, John. It says one group of people imposed their view of a majority of other the system collapses. Our whole system of government has decided upon majority rule. The people of the US have voted for our Gore. Cancer and Harris are showing her political ties. The secretary of state position is being done away within two years in our current and tap at Tribune Tribune. He was stated she was looking for an ambassador ship and the Bush administration. How convenient. And how do you like that? Looking for an ambassador ship and the Bush administration, but of course, that's a huge and partial. Go down to say, doesn't anybody ever wonder why all political scandals going back to the Kennedy assassination? Watergate. Iran's country, there's always a Bush nearby. With George Bush seeing you in the background, we want the blue roses. The oil business, the CIA group and compassionate conservative, is very armed with pop abortion charge. They had a taken away. This is what you got. The major power struggle between the rich and the ultra rich and the evil richer than that. And the rest of us can just whistle in the dark. We're going to request a post-form with a bit of that. Another possibility was to follow an action asking for mandatory injunction that the Secretary of State not adhere to the deadline and in fact, the Secretary of State would extend the deadline. We could ask what injunction from a circuit court judge. So Ashley, those are the things that they are debating at this hour. But Commissioner Cale Robert, get outlined how to retow a take-safe. If there's what would happen, she said it would start tomorrow. We're going to go. The best part here would start tomorrow. So in the meantime, in Palm Beach, they're not even going to start their recount. Valucia Cali's rapid it up tonight in tomorrow. But there's still going to go to answer for more time. Palm Beach is going to start tomorrow because they figure what's the point of starting if they're going to throw it all out. Because they're not a China in Shanton, how they could finish it by five o'clock tomorrow. And the Bush people know that. Here's a mobile in Palm Beach, hello. Hail. Yes, sir. Yeah, I've worked out here at Palm Beach. I've worked out there that's St. Lizzy Cali. If all the markings have to be to the right of the name, then St. Lizzy Cali was totally illegal. Yeah, Ronald left. Mm-hmm. And it's unbelievable. The hoods are on for five o'clock there on the left. Wait, the hoods are on the left? Well, the white holes, you've marked the right, you know, you know, just colored a bit like a lot of tickets. Yeah. And they're all on the left of the name. And also, I don't matter stating that I was a eligible for local elections. But I voted for presidency and thought, you know, in Congress. So if they're fighting due to old cards, like they're saying, then I was, I was throwing out to. Okay, God bless America. Yeah, we had to find out about that for sure, because I'm not positive. And like I said last Friday, I believe about 1%, maybe 1.1%, 1.1%. I'm not sure if I'm going to be a good person of what people say when they call them and show and describe the rest because most of it is crap. But we really don't need to know that for sure. But I've been hearing that about the ballot being thrown out, the unmarked ones, they've been vote for president, so they just throw the ballot out. And keep in mind that the rain blew and lost the clay shop by about 560 votes. And that goes through parts of the day, Broward and Palm Beach County. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. I just give you a new show. So I'm not aware of what your being a good thing. I want to ask, what's that? If anything, you said about Rob was a lecturer. When I said about him, I just think into the show. I haven't listened to the show before. I'm curious. I think what you think of how Rob was lecturing and another. For his handling, it just starts you thinking with somebody. He's a good democratic boy from Palm Beach and he's doing a good job. No, well, let me ask you a question. I'm a democratic, not persuaded to vote for the public in. But what I don't like about Rob is lecturer is he seems to be kind of fan of for the people about how I'm thinking, dressing things up or have things done. Yeah, I'm saying to myself, I'm asking a question, what did he do? We're getting a look at the ballot. We're going to publish, et cetera, et cetera, before the election. Sure. Let me say it again. The ballot itself, the Santa ballot doesn't show you where the whores are. I'm not going to keep rehashing because he's a guy that don't like Bob Blacks. Well, I think Blacks was great. OK, I think he's done a mic. Commendants. But the issue was in the Bible, I'll go to the issue, which about the ballot itself and the sample ballot and the instructions that come with it are bogus. The bogus. The instructions say, go every page. You can't vote every page because they've got the presidential candidate separated on two facing pages. You can't do it. Are your ballots yet thrown out? And it also says, punch the hole to the right of the candidate for whom you're voting. And you can't do it if you're voting for Buchanan or the other names listed on that second page. But you don't see that unless you have the actual ballot itself. And you also don't see how confusing it is unless you flip the ballot on an angle over the pigs and then see where the whores are. And as Robert Westward said, the first whores for George Bush because the governor of the state has been published and that's the little office graduate. And the second whores supposed to be for round three. But it's not. It's for Papia Cannon. The first whores for Bush and the second whores for the bung hole. Yeah. And Gore is the third whore. So like I said, the first whore, he's an answer. Yeah. And the second whore, he's an answer. The bung hole, the third whores, Gore. And we haven't listed the beta about this. Like there's something to debate that's in illegal ballot. Nervies to the baked goes on is because, oh my god, God forbid, we have another fair election in Palm Beach County. Because you know something, I think if a judge did a whore somewhere, if they went all away, the Supreme Court, they said, the people of Palm Beach County have a right to a fair election and they have every one of the votes count and the ballot was illegal. And they're going to be vote, you know what I think the Bush people would just conceive. They know they were. By a gigantic mama, they know that thousands and thousands of votes all over the state and especially in Palm Beach State and Broward were taken away from Gore. They know that. And that's why there's this bomb's Russian that's hysterical. So I courses on James Baker, who looks like I said before, because he's been out of a stroke at his second. No, no, we all have count after count after count. No, till they get a telly, get the number they like. No, the fact is you got the number you like and now let's wrap it up. Even though the admit that there's two to five percent error in machine counting and even though you're already doubly assigned to law that bill and peches, which are calls for a manual recount automatically in post-acontested elections. So can Texas, it's okay in seminal county, it's okay in the Mexico and if they need to be, it'll be okay and Iowa, Wisconsin, Oregon, where we also might be expedient for them, but not in Florida, even though the war on Florida states really clearly that it is. They don't like that Florida one. They like the Florida one. It says five or five tomorrow that's it. They're going to certify the vote because they're ahead, but they don't like the other for the only pick and choose. And I'm going to tell you tomorrow morning when George W. W. except there's going to be a ball on the other cheek makes the other one look like a zip. That's how big it's going to be. That's right. Don't forget to run on his left and knee. There's going to be a gigantic ball on both cheek to this. You know, you said it because God is pissed off. Joe Constellum and the QM Banner will be in these smart and final shopping center on the corner of 441 and Hollywood Boulevard with our best meal CDs because that's key change in T-shirts. Ninth and two today, the smart and final shopping center on the corner 441 and Hollywood Boulevard. It's a 24 noon QAM. This is 560 UAF. It's not a power by the air tanker. It's a whole history of the world. Which was up to dancing the moon of all world. And while her butt was fine, it's more black mine because it was kind of hairy and that's gross. How many hairs on our rear? Certainly more than a 9-in-a-P-R's. And I'm going to be so sincere that we'll back off seats. That fav's are near to the sky and it's high Q.up for the Headblast's. Forhe and Brown on the round first floor. We need it a way to wait for it to clear for the Championsınd�lee, or why did I have to see a 50? When they'll beажur after a recommendation by ULOBIZKAN. It's a lovely, lovely, lovely, lovely, lovely. This is the story of the girl from Chuck the Pants, in the home of the whole world. The Wilder and Bucks were fine, it looked like night, because it was kind of hearing each and that's where... And that's where... It's a lovely, pretty good time to keep WKOM. Here's somebody who faxes me a petition that you can get if you like this sign it. www.partitiononline.com or it's just this long. Slash, trust 1 slash petition.html, and that's too long. Well, I'll just go to www.partitiononline.com. To George W.B. Bush, Governor of Texas, Austin, Texas, we, the MSI, respectfully submit the following request to the consideration of George W.B. Governor of Texas. In your campaign for the presidential election culminating in the vote of the American people, on Tuesday, November 7th, you expressed eloquently and often that you trust the people of the United States. The presidential election has come to a dangerous impact. We ask you to remember these words and out of them in our current electoral crisis. As of the afternoon of November 80, for 246 electoral votes, and the Democratic candidate has earned 260, with 270 needed to win in the electoral college. The 25 electoral votes of vote will be decisive. However, the vote for it is so close that already is being recounted only about 300% of the original vote total for you and your opponent. The vote in Florida, state governed by your brother is coming down to the incredible photo finish. Unfortunately, when this photo was snapped, the camera was badly out of focus. There was real evidence of voting irregularities, which are unlikely to be convincing to be resolved for weeks or months, if ever. Without any assumption of ill intentions whatsoever, we will probably still never know really no other democratic will of the people of Florida to an acceptable level of accuracy. In fact, the Florida vote for president comes down to a moral tie between the two leading candidates. The president of the United States will be chosen in effect arbitrarily by forcing a mathematically meaningless resolution under the blurry photo finish would be a moral atrocity that would undermine the fundamental authority and governance of our mighty democratic nation. Therefore, we respectfully call upon you, George W. Bush, as a patriotic American, to practice the politics of unity rather than division, to trust the people of our black recognizing the growth victory in the popular vote, and a growl plurality in the actual college, and those degrees will be solved on national crisis by conceiting the presidency of the United States to the popular vote winner-al-gror. Under the U.S. Constitution, the electoral college actually decides each presidential election. Recently, our K.A. electoral college provides a human element in power to really call upon to resolve the occasional rare challenge to ethical meaning and moral basis that can still arise in a democratic process. In its wisdom, the constitution of the United States of America provides a mechanism to gracefully resolve just the kind of impact now facing our nation. Please make use of the constitution and mandate of flexibility of the electoral college system built in by the founders honor the constitution, honor yourself and honor our democracy, ask the electors of the year 2000 to honor your concession of the presidency trust the people sincerely the underside. What do you say about that? Ah, yeah! www.petitiononline.com Coconut Creek, yellow. Yes, sir. Hi, you. Okay. So this is Jack Shippewa. I'm calling you democratic activist and brawling. Yes, Jack. I wanted to correct a couple of things with some people called in and talked about one of the concerning variation of the number of votes passed on ballot. You can vote for president and not vote for county commission or civil rights or elections and rights of the rest of it. And your votes will be counted. So anybody who did not vote for president that voted for the clerk of court to judge you whatever else the vote they passed does count. That was something that was erroneous to do. But then, but not asking this. How do they determine the under vote ballot? How do they find those? Well, if you look at only results in the page of the civil rights of election side, you'll see the good example in the sort of rise of election the county right there were 370 votes cast in the clerk of court in the same day. There were 380 votes cast. It's a different than that of 4,000 votes. It happens in every election where people show a picture. Very few of the votes were the particular candidates that they care about and they're about. And they skip the other races. It happens in every race and the vote count. Each ballot is counted based on the votes that were cast. By that ballot. So, what they're talking about under votes in the presidential election, they're only talking about those ballots. Or nobody voted for president or at least where they didn't. The machines didn't find a vote for president. Well, it's a president, it's a president. But the other, the other reasons that you passed your vote in those should count in that race. They should count. Absolutely. And I believe that they do. I can't imagine that they wouldn't. They would only be disqualified as a vote for president, not for the chads and all the other things that the whole separate issue is together. Very complex, it's not easy. It doesn't mean to be easy. It was meant to be something where there were checks and balances and things that people could look at. I have another interesting thought. Well, what do you mean by checks and balances? I shouldn't be accurate. No, no, no, no. There's not much technology that we have today, Jack. Why can't we do it to... I think there has to be very serious reform. And we do have to make changes to give up with modern technology. I would know that point for a second. I agree with you 1,000%. I have another thought that I think you'll appreciate. We were publishing just saying that because this kind of thing that happened in the past, we're going to have been discounted in disqualified, which is a say in 96 or 14,000 votes that were kept incorrectly and discarded. The decision was going to be required. That kind of stuff has happened in the past. That now that it happened, we shouldn't worry about it and let it go. Or rather than a lot of people who have been driving on the road, but when they're caught, they're caught when somebody turns and then decides to prosecute. That's what it happened. We caught them. We turned them in. We're going to prosecute them by counting correctly. And I believe that our goal is done the win. I believe it's the correct total. How do you believe that? Unless they unless the judge agrees with them and... I think the judge is going to allow the hand counting. I don't think they're going to be able to stop that because they're pressented. But they're well-allored. There are two separate issues. There's the federal judge who's going to have to allow the hand counting. And also now, they're going to have to go to court to block a Catholic Harris's 5pm deadline. Why? Why? No, who she is. There's another piece of work on it. Why? That's the same Catholic house who went to New Hampshire to campaign for George W. Bush. Right. So it's such close friends with Jeb. And of course it's not a close. We're going to judge Jackson for yesterday. He said it's suspicious that the governor of the state that has regained a degree of controversy just happened to be the candidate running for president to be an out of state's under a public integrity. But you didn't hear what he told I was going to say. My brother told me I wanted that much. Make it so, Jack. But I think that they thought they had a good beforehand. You got it. Okay. Thanks. Thanks for the info. Here's a facts also. Verifying what Jeb should tell you. I just called the late county elections. We're regarding not voting in a particular way. So excuse me for repeating what I've heard 80 million times during this last several days on all of that work because they keep talking about the undergross being thrown out those ballots. Guess what? As usual, that work so full of crap. They don't get thrown out. And you don't lose your vote on the other issues that you're candidates that you voted for. But you know, when you have a lot of people on there, a lot of hours to fill. So if I, for example, yesterday, MSNBC, and I think generally speaking they've got a better job than anybody. But they sure had their share of mistakes. Now, I guess today, I don't know where they decided that Bush was ahead by 574 to North Carolina. And they had it colored in, still on the side. But they were saying he was ahead. Has he ever been ahead in Oregon? No. No. In fact, they're all network with a two or no it's Fox. It has the 262 with the bottom, which includes still both the Mexico and Oregon. So it can't possibly be 262 because the Mexico at the moment has got Bush and either four or 15 or 17 depending on which county we believe. But he said, we count, oh, here's what Latterdale. Hello. Yes, sir. You know, let's find my check. Intelligence is not a prerequisite to vote. Right. My new text Saturday is not a prerequisite to vote. Right. But for the outside is not a prerequisite to vote. You know, my mother 75 is old. College dedicated to very bright, but she can't retrieve her voice now, must she? She can't program her vision. She still deserves the right to vote. And you don't want to know, even if we re-voted, we're using the same antiquity system. We're going to go through the same thing all over again. We're still going to have a bunch of cuts from now. We're still going to have the Chad problem. Whether we re-vote in Palm Beach or the whole state, we sell the same problem. Yeah. When is it going to end? Well, I wouldn't you think that if they re-vote in Palm Beach, at least at least some of those people, we like so careful about if it took them 10 minutes to make sure they stuck the estados and are my whole life they might do it? Yeah, but you know what, they can have to change your old balance, so it doesn't have to be confusing balance. Well, you know what, you know, I voted for our county. Yeah. I used the same automatic system that they're using Palm Beach. And you know that law that says we're practicable, it should be the, you know, the same is the written balance with the vote on the right side and the, and the, how did we do it in Brown County? It's all on the left side. So I'm going to vote for all of that. Well, you gotta understand from Palm Beach, who's the only county in the state that did that. That is absurd, but there's no reason they shoot up. Well, because I guess somebody must know there's a lot of voters using that eyesight, and they wanted to make sure they go to for Petty Cannon. Well, you know, I think they have this well-meaning person that thought you were doing something good to be old with people. Yeah, wrong. I say fly her ass, fly her way when this is all over. Fly by Theresa. Okay, thanks, now. All right. Yeah, fly by Theresa. Well, she got what's his bris row row with a beard, you know, he's representing her, you know, bris row row? You know? Oh, yeah, great suitable intellectual, well, we got every attorney was ever born as involved in this. In fact, I'm surprised that Rackie's got time to be in, I'll win about us. Come on, let's go over and get out there and do a baby. Get back there, I'm seeing it in and start telling everybody a Janet Reno's a burbra. I mean, 560, 560, Palm 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Actually, and we do expect this during the continuing for at least another hour. We have no idea whether the judge will rule from the banjo. We're not going to be a banjo for the federal order. We're not going to be a rule anymore. But in a full screen here that describes the argument that was delivered by Bush's attorney, dear Olsen. He said essentially, look, there are no uniform rules in the state of Florida on win the count of our hand. Noer, how to count by hand. The rules vary, he says, from county to county and in fact, creasing to precinct. Each county treats votes differently. And therefore, people are not being treated equally that violate the equal protection clause of the court's teeth amendment. He also claimed that this process was incredibly time consuming. It could take he said 99 days. I used to said, in fact, that we're telling wrongly, unless accurate by hand. But then when it was time for the defense attorney to speak on behalf of the Gore campaign, we'll have a bomb each county on behalf of those who were sued as defendants. This is what they said. They said not only is our system, not arbitrary, not capricious. It is standard. It is uniform. We follow the same rules for example in Tom Beach County. He said, penetration is the key. If the chat, the chat on that little dot, tenetary is one, a full corner. It has been penetrated. The vote has been cast. We follow the very simple rule. It is not complicated. It is not arbitrary. Every vote is treaty deleted. It is not a violation of the equal protection clause. The United States of the right wing is all good. The federal funding penetration is wrote. This is five, six feet. 2AF, 4305, six feet. WGQAM, by heavy court mother. A measly broadcast group station. WQAM.com. Okay, Trump knows that five and six feet. WQAM, here is a mobile and four-later bill. Well, yes sir. All right, this is another studio. Hi, how are you? I hope you do. That's an arrest of the decision myself. I'm reluctant to criticize. I'm like, I always say, whatever. It does not cure pretty clear to me. It's a Republican for anything to see where the selection is. Right. So, in intentionally confusing the issues in a couple of ways. First of all, the keep comparing the 14,000 to the 19,000 vote. You're aware that's comparing apples to machine portraits. Right. I mean, the 14,000 that they keep talking about include not only the double punch. That's the over тебя. Right. It was the over and under in which in this case in prombe, with 29,000,000,000. That's correct. Republicans are not foolish enough that they're not making that mistake by accident. They're really unfortunate, they're really sensitive and tensionally confused people. Well, I mean, they've started the proper relations campaign from the day after the election. And when Carl World keeps talking about the butterfly ballot in Chicago and throwing side commented, William Bailey, the fact is that they've really couldn't let the people know how they don't use the butterfly ballot and presidential elections, and they didn't use it in this one. Well, certainly, it's a completely different type of our members. But that's one of the things that they're doing. A second one, who's potentially keep trying to confuse the butterfly ballot with the recon, they're a completely separate issue. I think every reason the person agrees that the Palm Beach ballot was confusing. If you look at the number of bevel votes, the bush and gore, and then compare that to the number of bevel votes for gore and be dran, and it's absolutely correct confusing. The problem is they keep trying people can disagree and let the remedy be there and remain reasonable people. That they keep trying to bring that up in when they're talking about the recap. If you look at the actual recount itself, it's clear to me that war will win, even without gratidating the better flag ballot issue, if you do a recap, people keep saying, oh, but you should then recap the entire state. The difference is that there's only a few counties that use the punch cards ballot, the majority of the year, 20 and a half, 20 and a half, so it was 27, but maybe 20. But the majority of the attorneys use something called an OCR, actual character, right? The failure rate and the optical character reader, or the failure, is the people that have to vote for presidents, who's only four percent of the presidents, where it's approximately 33 percent of the anti-poor that's been votes on the punch cards system. When you look at that, you either have to assume that people who live in counties with the OCR, somehow care more about building the presidents, or you have to accept this a higher failure rate. And if you just look at the failure rate and you count the counties, I would have no objection, it's not that they were public in the mid-red line to fire for the recount. But after the matter, I would have met a objection to counting the 27 or 28 counties that had to plan to call it, because if you count those, they'd chop into the predominantly larger and democratic counties. Why are there such a rush? Other than the obvious fact, the Bush of the moment is ahead by about 300 and some votes. Other than that, you've got to do December 18 until the electors meet. Why should there be any rush? You won't want to get it right. I served in the Senate with Catherine Harris, staff in the Senate or before she began secretary of state, a nice person and family, that, I mean obviously, we're also clearly very partisan here, and we're trying to make this rush, which again leads me, and I normally do not criticize ever unless the officials were my colleagues, but it is clear to me that we're public in trying to feel this election, because they're all aware, ignoring the issue of the better flag ballot if there is a full recap of every vote in this state, if you take the floor to out these, where you take the 27 or 28 counties, if you count February votes that had the punch card on your stand, then if there's a failure rate of 32 or 33 per thousand, if you take the exact every ballot, it is clear to me that or one. I went on talking about just confusing, and that's what the Republican's are intentionally trying to say. Oh, whether stupid voters are listed that, if you count just the voters that voted correctly, with a machinery malfunction, then it's clear to me that will want them, so then to keep saying, only the computer counts are more accurate, that's completely ridiculous. Computers may be more accurate to vary, but remember, we use in technology in the punch cards that's decade-old, and that's the reason that people's back using them. That's the reason why in Massachusetts the court rule that it would be an unconstitutional deprivation of people's rights to vote, to continue to use those punch cards because they were selling after. Now normally, 32 per thousand, that's a failure rate of 3,000, 1%, normally that's a day. To vary in this particular election, three-ten-sid-one percent is not okay. And I'm just, you know, personally average that it is clear to me that they are afraid of a accurate count. And while, of course, that three insist that on and that I can't recamp in a similar count. That's why I'm taking up 90 of votes. You have a good, but 90 of votes in their hands, but they don't want to be un-champing to get them. Now, what the numbers come off for them, like the a third and 25 balancing in Mexico, they originally were described because they were torn and ripped and then they had set a count and then all of a sudden the Bush was a head by 15 or 17 votes in New Mexico. Then I hope that it's okay. My understanding in Mexico was the sometimes mysterious, beyond an additional precinct. That had a, you know, a 150-4-4-2-4, or a certain number of those numbers, except that they just found and had a precinct framework. So you're welcome. Okay, well, listen, Steve, let's hope the courts of these give us a chance to get them all counted. I believe that there's no way that the treachery may have worked through all the mistakes. Okay, thanks a lot. Here's the fact that I'm Donna Fortlottardale says, I think five days should be National Band-Aid day. Everyone should show the support for Bush by wearing a band-aid on their face. Oh, yeah. National Boyer Day, because a lot of people are boiling and pissed off and foaming at the mouth, including me. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 6, the Alcid again. This has got to be the last time, last time that paper ballots are used for any election even for dogcats. You're those no excuse for it. Here's a lady in Westchester, hello. Hi, happy birthday, either later early. Thanks. And I would recommend that we have one form. If we're going to have papers for president, nationally, and that any judge's and stuff can be elected some other time during the presidential election that's doing that every four years only the president vice president or elected. That's not very practical. No. We're talking about tremendous expense. Really? Yeah. I thought it was a good idea. We could believe that it was a very least half the mile on the separate page like they were in 66 out of 67 counties in the state, except for Palm Beach. Half the candidates all running for president on one page on a separate page. So it was not the confusing of the other reasons. Then you turn the page and if you want to vote for the president, you can vote for the president. So those are the reasons fine. It's not that's okay, too. On a more fair amount of credit for spending over functionaries to these individual polling places because that people don't fear such the boxes. I mean, let's get started. I think we're going to call in Catherine, have to get with the cast and heres. And I last night for your guidance, the six six six number came in the cast three. I think we could go to the right name last week. We could have a best of luck. We all got it up to start. Exactly. Okay. We'd like to ask you that. So you were penetrating. We're not just talking about that before. Yeah. We've been penetrated. Baby the entire country has been penetrated by the bush people. And like Jesse said, stay away from the bush. We're not going to make you want to puke your guts out. On the El Roger show, sports radio 5-60. A-10. Oh, I'd like to know who won the election. And as I know who won the election. Countable, countable babies, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, countable, baby, countable, countable, countable, countable. And the six is present and show, place begin. I've often wondered who was going to win. Some poverty people went to do their voting choice. So countable, the ballot stands on out of satin mode. Those old folks seem to have one thing in common. Looks like laughter then just seems to have a two-pressure queue cannon. Oh, so I'd like to know who won the election. Yes, I'd like to know who won the election. Countable, countable, baby, countable, countable, countable, countable, baby, countable, countable, countable. The five of tabulations started coming in. Then after a new slash on channel 10, some may repeat for a long together in a bunch. They said they were confused and didn't know which hole to punch. Those old folks seem to have one thing in common. Looks like laughter then just seems to have a two-pressure queue cannon. So I'd like to know who won the election. That I'd like to know who won the election. Oh, I'd like to know who won the election. It's not the most important thing is the house of a national team. If you think it should be, you think it should be. If you think it should be, I'd like to know who won the election. They've had a very good one where they actually 100 horse for horses with 288 before now it's 388. What count did they decided to do a manual recap just on their own and bush picked up an extra 100 horse and even 100 in Perkown. He's around 7 years ahead by 288 388 and the bush people object to that. No. No. They wanted some of them. So when a number is come out for them they like it. Now when you hear this you better strap yourself in there, George. You're not going to be happy about this. Mike Lengthen, chairman of the Northeast Florida Girl Campaign City, I said he was upset to find that many of the 27,000-voted presidential ballots in Duvau County were predominantly black areas. A times union review found that of the 27,000 ballots whose presidential votes were voted in Duvau County nearly 42% came from city council districts 789 and 10. Those districts were counted for just 20% of all the ballots cash for president County Y. More than 11,000, 300 of the 59,000, 600 of the ballots in those four districts, about 19% did not count the presidential race. Those four council districts all north of downtown are overwhelmingly democratic and voters their favorite grue of the votes that were counted about 80% of the votes that were counted for just one year. So, the first thing that I would like to do is to make sure that the majority of the overwhelmingly democratic and voters their favorite grue of the votes that were counted about 80% went to grue. In contrast, in district four on the city's south side, 64% of voters prefer a bush, about 24,000 total votes were canceled for president there, with more than 1,800 or 7,500 or 7,500 percent passed out. 19% of the black areas, 7,500 percent in the bush area. It's very disturbing that those numbers are that high line, and said something's right here, it's this proportionally out of whack. 19% wasn't sure if a recount could be requested, but then he will meet with Gore-Campena officials in Tallahassee today. And it goes on and on and on as the set of the set of Florida and the set of the president, he continues right in front of your face. Here's plantation, hello. Yes, Neil? Yes sir. I voted for a go up or a follow to say first and follow. So, I've done that. You might have been wondering what you can clear it up for us. You know, we've got to go to Gore spokesperson, I believe. William Daley, yeah? If you go into the city, you can tell me if you got to go. There's some. Really? You should be able to pick up a few more people with all the election tomorrow. You should go with the city, though. Exactly. Exactly. Well, thanks again. Clear that up. Okay. That's right. What's your role in your vote? What's your come home, Bill Daley? Let's get with it. We need another 30 or 40,000 dead people for Christ's six. 560, 5056, the pound 560, I'll say it again. I wonder how many dead the Cuban voted in big counting. I wonder how many of those abs and T ballots. What are how many of those that came in were like bogus? I don't think the state was even close. It was no contest. But it's boom. Boom. Right in front of your eyes. Whether you're lucky or not. Here's Boker, hello. Hey Neil, how's it going? Okay. Hey, just a quick thing to keep in mind here. People might be rooting for this, but everything is wrong in the courts now. One of the first things I want to court was, I think, was last Thursday where a judge, there was an injunction, play some Palm Beach County, to certify their votes to the state. So guess what that means. It needs to secretary of state could certify the rest of Florida without Palm Beach County's votes. That's the way I understand it. I think that injunction is... No, but they had the, I don't know why you would say that. They had a machine recount on Senator in Palm Beach. Okay. But that injunction is still in place. So that's why when you see what the official total is. Yeah. And what the AP report is, what the difference is is off because Palm Beach is both have nothing in that alley, even in the recount town. Yeah, but that injunction was in total, I think tomorrow morning. Eight or nine o'clock tomorrow morning. Okay. Okay. But you know, that's just a one whether Palm Beach or County, if they're stuck in this town, recount business. So yeah, I mean, to try to keep track of this with all the lawyers and all the judges involved in all the injunctions and all the law and so... Yeah, I get out of it. It's hopeless. Get out for scorecard. Right. Get out for scorecard. But yeah, this one of those, you know, make sure that was out there, that if these counties get filed down in this hand count and they don't get the result of this five a cocktail mode of deadline is in place. And the secretary of state can simply say, okay, we're not going to count that county. And that's it, which would obviously not to, you know, would be to push it to ban the bill. Okay. I'll be out. Thanks for the bad reminder. 560, 5060, Palm 560. Have the people processing on the floor and by the way, we are making fantastic process program. So it's my family. You have to think of the children in the community. Walk in precincts. All right. And I would say about two thirds and maybe even three quarters of the groups are not working on the absentee balance. And you can tell which is which the balance from the walk in precincts are in the blue bags and the balance are in the the cloud board boxes. And some of the voters later in the black bags. 560, 5060, Palm 560 on the AT&T, Verizon, my list of films. Asked it, what happened? Just go all I picked up 7800 votes in Valuesia County. Or 1500. I guess I'll have to bring in a lot more of those overseas balance. I have to come in by Friday. You know what I'm saying? Oh yeah. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes. They say all of you more you know that to be more and all of the role as a product is 600% higher in the county in this moment since all of this. Let me tell you the ready one be calling the listeners to go in front of the fair building to protest because the Democrats are trying to steal the election. And now the the biggest enemy that you want to have in the county for the County, do you think it is Kendall Coffs? Oh yeah. I'm on the Blue Tierra Road, a radical calling the Geras and a spy of Janne Rina and a threat because he joined our enemies. I didn't know that the Democrats were enemies of all three of us. You better get with it Mr. Joe. If by magic and I wish you were happy, they decide to do an investigation in the county. What they will find will be enough to put about 200, 300 people in jail for the moon. The machinery about the up and 10 balance. The machinery that stole the election from Carole that I've done with that. And I'm going to say, I don't know if you don't give it to me. I'm not saying the pressure in the Republican are you saying why? That they have stayed could not be lost to the Democratic for many reasons. And the most important is the reputation and the political future of Jeff Bush. And this is that on a meeting of Republicans here in the county. At whatever cost. Right. No matter how many dead people we have to vote. There are people that don't even exist. Right. One of the government data on a very efficient set that alienated mother and stepfather, boarded for Bush and I call them. I said, that's not so price. Let's just two more voters that had died in their last year. I heard that alien voters were Bush a couple times. They think that too, that alien voter for Bush. Right. That's one of the commentary. I just hope I just hope I'm praying that they will do something with the county because if you think that what happened in the Palm Beach County was funny, what happened in the county will make that look like a little joke. Thank you for giving me the opportunity. Okay. I'll see you at the dock. Okay. Okay. What's up, Doc? 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. I'm getting my bread about out baby. I'm heading to the direction. Any other direction. Get out of this place. Man, this state is just an, and we talk about at least we got a hand-bumping. You picked a perfect state. If there's any state in America, where that I mean forget about cook county and Chicago, they're pikers. And it's got them packed to the out. What a sense of humor. Oh yeah, we don't have to worry about floor at any more. There are elections already clean. Yeah. Oh yeah. Too much bad. Too much of the acid trips back in the 60s, Pat. Here's Lake Worth, hello. Lake Worth. Sounds good as it's a door nailed to me. And it's much of Lake Worth, what do you expect? Here's a mobile inform order, hello. Hey, the hell. Yes, sir. We're in New County, really hand count for folks. There are no machines. Yeah, and, but that's, yeah, I'm listening. So, to be with the hand counts are, uh, our error cone. Well, why do they hand counts and then have no machines? And why did George Zabby assign that law building the law in 1997 and Texas, that manual hand recounts are the way to resolve the student election? Why did they do it? If it's good enough with Texas, why is it good enough for us? Yeah, exactly. And I'm glad to bring up that you found County up, uh, uh, over, the, the, the, the Scotty's ghost. So, you know, County, the Democrats, and to, after the deadline. You know, there's a 72 hours drive on, you know, to a few, um, for an account. Bye. So, it's probably, yes. And it's just got gets in, uh, he's going to be an illegitimate president. And the Bob Wixler, for governor, in 2002, FU, FU, FU, FU. How right. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah, we're going to have a new university in Florida going to be called FU, if you name honor the governor. You're not kidding anybody bush family. You're not fooling anybody with a brain bigger than a ball bearing. Okay. You five vision of go in. Man. Oh, there's that judge up your accomplice. You're going to get the key. So that one ball up to the light. Like, oh, what is that? What is that? What is that? Yeah, you're looking at a judge. The whole concept that we have part of the Republicans and Democrats state officials who are arbitrating the social thing is ludicrous. Why don't they bring an independent arbitrators from outside the state for many were from across the reka someplace? Not that I'm suggesting that Katherine Harris or Bob Crawford have an a huge number of people who are not in the state. I hate Bob Crawford. No, makes my skin cool. You know who usually look with Jim Noggle, the mayor of Florida, wouldn't they be a great pair? Just remember who's our agriculture commissioner. A couple of great Democrats. I hope I don't want to do a big citrus canker on a rectum. You know something that will make the bull on WSACE. Yeah, a big guy, gigantic citrus canker right on Bob Crawford. 26 after 12 at your friendly station, 560 WQA in. Come on, you're going to be the legend of Baggers and... Don't forget what a fair point you hit that tiger or a fly-stick. You're good. Matt, Jamie, as you've never seen him before, and will Smith, is the heartwarming role ever. Or you did enough for those cankers on top of those tomatoes. Well, legend of Baggers and coming to a supermarket when you're new. You're going to have a little bit of a good time. It's all right, ladies and gentlemen. For 30 to 560 WQA, we've got the mad dog for Hank at two of between two and six, y'all the young, game night at the hard rock six across the night. And land up thransures against the panther. You think we can do that land on. Let's hope even when I was injuries. Feel better, right? And land at the panther several proxonites. Oakland at the Denver in progress after the hockey game and at the K-A for all of that. Here's the fact that I should have read earlier this morning that I love. And just coincidentally, my psychic powers, again, must have caused this fact to come in because when I was channel surfing here this morning at about quarter nine, I came across C-span. And one thing I love is watching the British parliament. They've ever seen the session of the parliament. And they get up and they scream at each other and they pound on the table. They're here and they're all screaming at the background. Well, there's William Hague, who's a head of the conservative party over there is a nucky. It's the bald head of Gime. You assume. Here's the fact this is this the name William Hague Wwing of Bell. Hague is the leader of the conservative party in the United Kingdom and layman's terms. He's the equivalent of Bush Jr. in the USA. Simply put in the UK Republican equals conservative democratic whose labor. Anyway, while screening a UK website this weekend, I came across an article I've explained that Hague had recently visited the US making political contacts and so on. As the story goes, Hague requested a meeting with Bush Jr to discuss compassionate conservatives and then their similar views on issues. Hague would throw that Bush Jr would love to meet minister Hague, but wasn't sure who he was. Yep. Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha. Yeah. And this is the man that's so many of you voted for to be the president who would like us to show him or a personal is on a map. Who would know William Hague from Alexander Hague? I think that's what's in charge here by the way. I think Alexander Hague isn't charged at the White House. Here's Corve Gebal, Celang. I know. Yes sir. If you miss the Spanish gentleman who called a little while ago talking about voter corruption here in Dave County. Yes sir. You know who is in charge of the distribution of absentee ballots up in the little Havana area none other than Xavier's. He actually did people voting. You got it. Apparently if you go to the bushwatch.com that got links to Washington post stories put out today regarding the fact that some of these absentee ballots were pre-punched and pre-filled in. You're in too. You know. That's why the number kept changing. They had no idea how many there were with 300,000 or half a million. There was nearly a million. They had no idea. They just kept punching them out until they had as many as they needed. You got it. Now we're just supposed to say okay. When you win and we'll be very gracious about it. And here you go. Here's the keys and the total of the cards. Well it's not like that made such a big difference in the total date county vote anyway. But it's just point out that the level of corruption with all of these bush coordinators. Yeah but when you say you're in you figure maybe 15,000 dovall county and 20,000 in Palm Beach County and maybe 10 or 20,000 a day county. You're talking maybe 100 to 100,000 votes. Absolutely correct. First of all to make them to this man person based on a different to 388 alleged. Well I've heard that based on just a simple recount not even the mispunched or malpunched card that by the estimate of based upon the tree. A preliminary count that the Gork of Gain about 1700 votes within that county alone. In which county? I think that's pollution. All in pollucia 1700? Yep. Well you know something the bad news for the bush people is that they're going to have their votes counted by 10 o'clock tonight. I went to court and asked for an extension just in case they couldn't. But the bush I put on before was the judge who's had a big election board up there and he says that they're doing it tremendously, where it's moving along and they're smoking. Yeah I just heard that too. But it's an interesting thing that they have the injunction for bidding the pre-release of any of this officially. Yeah pre-release of this information. But wouldn't it be a shock to poor Katherine Harris up there and bought Crawford as well and the Jeb Student Tallahassee. If the numbers come in from Valucia County and they had in the judge rules and their favor and the five of talks about it. They say okay whatever the number is that set and gold picked up about 1500 ahead. You know what I'm saying? And then they had the overseas ballots coming in and bush picked up a thousand and guess what? Gorschtill and Zy500. Wouldn't that be a slap in the post? Well I just wanted to call and let you let your listeners know that if they go to bushwatch.com they can find the links to these Washington codes and Washington times and you know, it's various other papers that the self-law to pay for they aren't touching on this at all. Okay thanks. Give it a shot. You'll cast a lot on the QMV and there at the place right now they finally finish going through the drive through the FN2 during the ride of hundred dollars. Smart and final shopping centers where they are cornered 441 and Hollywood Boulevard with the best of the LCDs because set key chains and t-shirts. From now till to a clock. That's right. The thing about Duval County that just makes me nauseous makes you want to burp. And keep in mind both parties had 72 hours until after which is allowed to. Wednesday through the tough Friday. To answer for recount. And so the wild James Bickler is winding and morning and growing. They hear just as much like the answer we count as the grocery for this. Did they do it? No. And it's been also fascinating that the people at the park County just stood on their own. You're so vitrially. I picked up another hundred votes for Bush. Our hand. We gave it a hand job. Yeah. Here's a lady in dear field D. Hello Neil. Yes, man. I totally agree with you about Teresa Leporty and given her walking pace. Absolutely. Yeah. Get out of there now. The fix is on. I just want to mention here. I'm a nurse. I live in Broward but I work at a hospital in Del Rey Beach. And last night I worked with a Haitian fellow who was a pen otter at the election last two days. At Princeton 74A, which is highly Haitian and democratic. He told me that in a briefing the poll weren't your workers were told by Teresa Leporty that people without picture IDs should be allowed to vote. Even though they didn't have the picture ID as long as other names were on the list of registered voters. And as long as they signed it was a former and as a day that they were telling the truth. He said that these instructions were totally disregarded and that people were turned away and drove. They weren't allowing the Haitian people to vote because they didn't have picture ID. It's an accurate. Yeah. And I wonder how many of them would have, I may have done anything with a voter for Bush. Yeah. I do many. Okay. Thanks for listening. Thanks for the bad news. Okay. It just continues mounting and mounting and mounting. You make it early. It's mislead to the state of Florida or just monumental just unbelievable. Whatever it took to put the brother in there. That's what they did. Whatever it took. Because after all, Jet told them that he won. That should have been the message. You little light bulb should have gone up all over Gorge's head at that point. Like, oh, that's where it's going to work. Yeah. And my brother told me I won. So what do you mount it off about? Big shot. 560560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless line. Here's a call. I'm sunrise. Hey, it's me. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, listen. I need voting machines. Yeah. I want to know why they can't just do it like a lot of. You could go get 500 bucks, make 14 million decisions that goes right in there and you get a receipt. Right. 120 numbers. They say, up. So you got the money number. Right. So why can they work on something like that? Big hand. And that's the problem is that America doesn't care enough about elections in about the government to invest the meal. What's cost $1 billion, obviously. So well worth it. I mean, you know, what's the point of having an election if you're not going to get it right? I mean, if they don't like that, they can do a scratch. You get three goers or three push. Yeah. There you go. And I'll have to. And in fact, I hear that bush is trying to scratch the blow off right now. Scratch it again. George, come on. Oh, geez. Look at that. That's pus oozing on there. Let me share it again. There was a hand of the, came down and struck W. And then I saw the puss. Because God, in fact, wait until the locus is calling out of his echo. Yes, wait until you see that. And if he doesn't the fesh up and just concede. Twenty two before one. I don't know about you, but my gut sir, just 18 from all of this. I don't know why. It's just a curious kiss. This is not a way to work the president. So I'll wait to work the goddamn legislator. Dog catcher. Anything. Well, it was the selling. You've always talked about it. It went a bit. I heard somebody on video yesterday on one of those stock market shows some right wing Jackers. It's talking about, well, I really take exception to the other countries around the world pointing to finger with us. But you know, something maybe they don't have as many spook shopping centers. And they don't have as many glitzing knee on signs except in Japan. But maybe they can actually elect the somebody. You know, a Britain they do it all by hand. And the votes too. They count them all by hand. They sit around and put those big wings on you know. How did the founding fathers do it? They like to dress up. They do it by hand. And the votes too. Of course the Jefferson had those ways. They're going to run before 1 at 5.60 WCW. The Neil Roger show. The sports radio 5.60. Two A.F. And the couple would change keep the packer in his hand. And not your belt. People are very possessive about our new chew. I'll remember that by chew. That's why chew all of them. The neutral all of them which is one time the ground to dog meat. Stop from the soft taco shell. The red with shredded cheese and sour cream. The cup of the taste that you're actually eating dog food. Which those certain Neil like the chew all of them. You'll be barking back from all. The chew all of them. Hey, you think pretty well. The neutral all of them. So you know 99 cents. And it's only not your belt. About 48.50. You have to be honest. Speaking of food. Thanks to Scott and Ira and our good friends at the Atlantic City. Submit and Hollywood. For their 8 millionth lunch. I'm telling you there's without them. Where the hell would we be? To be up. Schmitz Creek. Here's an interesting facts from a redneck in the redlands who says, When the ballot loosed the war. If the earth is discovered during the 1% sampling hold over the rest of the Volk count, where will take Florida, which means the leader men gives up a Senate seat, which gives you a seat to a Republican, which gives you a Republican to majority, which leaves the presidency with an Ashtobus and will drive the market under 8000, which creates a slow down of the economy, which, etc. In reality, the only winner all of this is my mezone Ken coffee. You may not have nailed the brothers, but he's gone from chewing on Spiters and representing crazy mirrors hysterical tube and the bag upon school board candidates to defend in the future president of the US. At the very least, I think he deserves his own section. This is King Mango Strap Parade in Coconut Claw. Let's hear it for Ken, little coffee. See, this goes to show you those Spanish language radio stations. Just a few months ago, just a couple of months ago. He was still one of the big heroes. He came in old Smota head there and the other cats of attorneys they had. That whole alien business. And now that he's over on the other side, he's working for the group of people who are in Florida. Now come on east side, but a meat, but a bit, but a mobie. The crazy, twelfthless crowd in this town, it is never going to change. And I don't know if something I don't think they're ever going to die. No, no, seriously, it's like the old Jews. Every time one dies, they have a replacement that comes from somewhere. I mean, we know where the old Jews come from, but where the old Cubans come from. They must have a factory where they're punching them out. They're cloning them. Here's a lady mobile and poor waterdale. Hello. Hello, can you hear me? Yes, man. My daughter needs about to go, but I'm from Bugger account, where you can do 25. We had nature problems there. Phone people wouldn't help with the calm with the valley. The guy in front of me went to find a get-in salad and we told that he was going to give you an absentee ballot and he's getting never requested one. Nature nature problems. Okay, thanks for the bad news. Okay, bye. Here's an interesting sense. Always heard about compassionate conservativeism and the caring about the power of the people and the other. Bringing more elevating and decent tea back, all on full cramp. Paxes, I find it interesting that at the valley, I attended the rally show on TV. The bruce supporters were the nasty and the more obnoxious. Some of the younger males appear to be skinheads with hair. They've rubbly across my wife and others calling them duty. See you blank ass. Lousy Jews. Get out of my face, bitch. The most interesting of the tax work against women. Is this behavior indicative of the Republicans or could this be a bit of an isolated incident sex? Yeah, right. You didn't have a big experience in all Republicans or a bigots. Are white-winged, or for an ethical bigots, you're most? 560560, palm 560 on the AT&T. And then of course we had those good Christians. I'm so glad I remembered a last day about Palm Beach Atlantic University. That's here. So CNN got sucked in twice on Friday. Back to back. First it was a young Republican for Jesus or whatever. Was never a wacky Jackie on back to back on CNN. Thanks, girl, I'm going. I know you got a lot of hours to fill up, but you could do a little bit better than that. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Yeah, I got a question in the comment. Yes, sir. I'm going to say that on Friday's time, come to send the electors to the electral college from Florida. If the election is not been certified. So the Florida legislature pick the electors or for to the just the rest of the country goes without the electral vote from Florida. Right. The rest of the country would board and go to win. Okay. This is one of the accusations that the Baker-rated Republicans keep making out of that. The Democrats are trying to drag this out so that by the summer 18th Florida isn't certified. And that's the world when based on the other electral vote. Which is ridiculous because it's only last time I checked the 13th of November. And there's no way if they wanted to do that they could drag it out there long. Which they don't. Okay. I just wanted to make a couple of quick comments if a name is the one. It's the situation we're reversed. I think we'd all be arguing exactly the opposite. So I think these are legitimate points on both sides. Then certainly if this thing's going to go through the court, I think they should get it through the court to really quickly unless it's a pre-incorporate decide it because no one's got any confidence in the state of Florida at this point in time. And then the last thing is that whoever would keep president and keep in mind that the Bush and the federal court. Okay. Well I'm saying it's not I think it's got a global way to the pre-incorporate unless I'm decided or going to get us confidence in it. And then the last thing is whoever wants the presidency is going to get killed in the 2002 election for the House and the Senate. And in the meantime nothing's going to get done. And because the economy is thick with going we thought it really long, up swing I think it's going to go down. And I almost feel sorry for whoever wins the presidency I thought I got. Now I'm with you okay. Thanks. Yeah because whoever wins is going to be out of a big mushroom cloud. We used to worry about a different kind of mushroom cloud. Here's a great fact. It says not a truth can be told George W. This may this may have a stomach. This guy was playing video game. We can got so drunk he knocked his crackpipes towards your office table and burned his face. Yeah. Yeah. Does remember Richard prior? I'm sure. And then all those other prior incidents. Yeah. We sure do sweetheart. There you go. George W. is getting punished by God. Who put his wickedness to tip of this thing around his cheek and went. Oh, cut the crap, George. Here's a mobile report. Hello. Hi. Okay. I just want to see you have a good show and go go up for further. And we'll see you in the next one. No right. Welcome. Very well said, sir. You first of all not mind. I want to say oh God can you imagine where that tongue is in? 560 pound 560 on the 182 and Verizon wireless line. In fact, I think I think that if they can prove that all these discrepancies really they can show some real or fraud here. Some serious voter fraud. I think that a force double to go on a date with bunny Frank. Yeah. Here's cool. Beables. I'll go. Yes, sir. I can very time. Some may cause an uncold breeze. Uncold rid of fact. You just let them go on and on and on like it was true. Like what? Oh, the people saying that if you vote for for for press, but you don't vote for George, then that's the ruling power and the course of counts. And if they're not winning a course of counts, all the all the last 10 to Central Election Day, these letters last week, on the level. They've been talking about sure these ballots out and the votes not counting. We need to. If I could say, if everybody votes for president, the vote for county judge, the president vote count, everybody knows that. And somebody say, oh, I thought this guy do this. I thought this guy carry ballot box. You thought him go on like it's true. You don't know if it's true. Yeah, so. And somebody just go on. Let me ask, let me ask you this. You know if it's true. No, but you got to go on. Let me just say this. We'll get your own show. You do it the way you want to. Okay, don't take instructions. I've been doing this a long time. I don't need instructions. I don't need instructions. I don't need instructions. I don't need instructions. I don't need instructions. I don't need to do that. If you don't like what I have to say. I don't do a touch. Exactly. I'll find that not. It wasn't too right now. I'm sure you're one one here to say. He's on right now. What the. What the. I don't know. Yeah, that's why he's the. He's the. Previer. I mean, I'm. 560. 560. 560. Oh, everybody knows that. Did everybody know it? I didn't know it. Numbers down. Not exactly the dumbest person on the face of the earth. And in the way, most of the people in the river. So it's in the knowledge. But we all know that. In addition to which what is that has to do with an opinion. What does that happen to the opinion? Jack, ass. Here's what's Palm Beach, hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. Can't stop thinking about the fact that Bush kept saying he would restore honor and dignity to the White House. Yeah. You know, when this secretary of state. No, that's definitely. That's an important. Jeff Bush refused himself. You knew that he had a secretary of state and a Democrat turncoat. He was a Democrat turncoat, Bob Crawford. Right, I know. Who would support him in making this thing into a sham in a complete and total, so many elections. And believe me, every side of this election knows that. Gore will win if he gets a fair hearing. And that's the reason why they're taking these extraordinary measures of going to court to stop the truth from coming out. Yeah. It's really sad. Yeah, it's off to the judge is now. I think that's a federal judge. If he allows the reconfigure, which there's no reason I shouldn't. And if the judge gives an injunction against the state, some sure to find the balance to find them off, if those things happen to reconquers on Goi's going to win. Well, I don't have anything to do with that. Right. If a group of people tries to destroy characters of everybody who opposes them for years and years and years, and then they come out and say, they're going to restore honor and dignity. I mean, what do we have here? Thank you. Thank you. OK, I've agreed to. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, why I was fine. How we doing over there at this martin final shopping, should we? OK, tell us. What is it? Tree-fitting. Tree-fitting? On a flat too bad. They'll be there to a clock with all diversity of neo-merchmatis and Bruno's really nifty. Nifty. I got a lot of that. Key chains and the best of neo-cheese and cassette. And Oteacher, it's too. Smiling final shopping center, quote, of 441, and prestigious Hollywood Boulevard. Here's Miami, hello. Yeah. Yes, sir. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. A couple of colors are getting out of the lady's come on with promoting now. Grotes were turned away because they didn't have a picture I did. Key was from the normal part in Miami. I mean, why would anybody get allowed to vote without a picture I did? Yeah. You just think in the world you can do. This is going on with driver's license plates. And you can register to vote. This is Miami Metro Services. You don't want to show proof of citizenship. Mm-hmm. Same thing with children. Swim and afterdated, saying that you're... Should I say, I think we don't... I don't know the world. I knew we only had 70,000 of those in Davis, I know. OK, and have a great day. He's speechless. 560560, pound-five 60. You know, counts for the manual count, Luca Follick. Well, what does that mean? In your opinion, in terms of the earlier, we've heard that all those have to be certified from both of those countings. The Russian West Palm Beach by 5 o'clock tomorrow. Doesn't that end up a little bit in conflict? Well, it may end up in conflict, but I don't think that's a federal judge's problem. He says, with he was asked to issue a preliminary injunction to enjoy the passing board for certified new lecturers up. Now, whether the secretary of state can get the passing board to complete the manual counsel for a file of caucuses on your way, Clay, but that's not the federal judge's problem. The federal judge's problem was simply to find out whether or not he thought an injunction should issue a preliminary injunction, whether it's irreparable harm to the plaintiff's in this case where the Bush Tani pick it. Whether you and I have the opportunity to speak about this, no great surprise with this decision, right? Well, it's a perfect no great surprise because on ketosis on behalf of the Bush Tani to get up to argue, you never laid out irreparable harm. Even if the Republican... OK, there's a whole in your reviews. This stopped manual recap. That's the federal judge. If he doesn't do it right now, then the irreparable harm. So even if the judge is ultimately convinced they should win, but he would unconvince, so they said, then that's a promise that the irreparable harm. It couldn't show reason why a manual counsel would harm the picket. There you go. There's the first picket that nearly... We've got to be a people who want to see only election for my front of your face. The federal judge has refused to stop the manual recap that we can't will go on. Now, the only other thing that's sure when a wood pile is going to be whether another judge or state judge is going to say, hey, the five of us like that line tomorrow must be extended because these people are zero reasonable amount of time. It can't always vote so we can get a fair count. One down, one to go. For 3-2-5-6-7-2-A-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M-I-M- I-M-I-M-M-I-M-I-M-Woman-Y-M-W-E-AR! I'm letting all the things that got too much as well, get down with eight nights out. I've picked up a hole, so my brother will win. Just like the world comes to me, like a vector hole. I'm not that good. I'm just a quick new knowledge of doing. That's it, that's it. That was the guy? I think the way I got the time. I got the opportunity. What a lot of five to see that this is the way I'm off the edge. Come down. Come down for the back of your pants. Give the joke I saw all the credit in the world. I'm just going to get a Joey picked a location we do. While we got six, ten. Think that's an omen. Maybe we can do our nine 40 in a few minutes. We got six, seven, ten bucks over there. Another hour to go till 2 o'clock in the smart and final shopping center, look at the QM van. Quarter 441 highway, boar right with the best of the stuff CDs cassette. Keychain, Fisher, etc. So there we go. You got another hour till 2 o'clock to go see Joe and the nephew is there too, they're both eating. 560, 560, pump 560 on the AT&T and Verizon wireless line. Here's a lady in mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Lady mobile and I'm not in the mobile. Here's a lady station area in Hollywood. Okay, hi. Yes, man. I think what we've sent you first of all is give credit to the big thumbs up for kicking judgmental book. Uh huh. She's great. The other thing is the N8-CP house and meeting in Miami for five hours of hearing. And we want to get to there and keep stand for five hours. First of all, one of the silver lights attorney said that we are allowed. Well, hang on once, hang on once again. She's likely to turn. But the attempt to get a more accurate count manually of those ballots that people tried to poke. If a member of the tribe won't spot the worst folks in the U.S. Publicity. Number of possibilities. I just stand quite apart from the campaign that as I said a minute ago, there are voters who believe that they were cheated out of their franchise by this screwy ballot band deal with in West Palm Beach. And I would expect this day will continue to press their effort in the fake court. Okay, I'm sorry, go ahead. All right. What's the several one of the silver rights attorney's was to say that we're allowed up to three dollars. If we feel we made an error, then we're allowed to ask for another ballot. And then if we made another error, we're allowed to ask for another ballot. We're up to three dollars who are allowed. People would not allow a man came on. He was so excited. They would do ballot. He said that when he took ballot and ordered he is voted to do panic. You went over and asked for another ballot. And they said, no, you're not allowed. So he had to put in a group. And so that's where a lot of the double voting payment because they wouldn't give them another ballot. Well, if you're not. You know, there's most of the preaching workers were over the age of 100 unfortunately because they've retired. We've got a lot of time and they can volunteer to do that. But I think that a great many of the many of the many idea what the rules really weren't. Well, not only that is that we have friends in their way who worked at the poll and they're only giving us two hours video. That's the only information that's answered and then how to do the appallelings and the ballot. But they don't have any information and they don't know anything. We really need a service lesson for every state in the country to know what the rules and regulations are when you're allowed to go. Yeah. You go to vote. Not what you do. Okay. There was a one in the entire right lady who worked at a flat radio station in Hillsborough. John, you want to see and see on the station. Right. She went to some of the different polling places in Hillsborough. And also in 67 year old man came out with a campaign and had the ironic sign on him. We had to work out and have to go to the corner to not close up state hoopers. Poem to mower. Made him put his hands up and wanted a identification. He said, but I just wanted I didn't do anything wrong. When she stopped to see what they were doing. A trooper told had with any get going or was any get arrested. She was in tears. Which is the right woman that we're talking that she was so upset. She doesn't know what happened to this poor old man. Now another thing is what was that? I said, closing. Well, another incident is the church in North Miami called the new little river back to church. It's a polling place. When the pastor came, he's a close to the right and locked everything up. A woman lived in the church. He called him up Saturday morning and said that the polling machine and the ballot box is still there. And so there were 14 hundred ballots. Never picked up nothing. The police now have them. There's also another ballot box. The bank has them. What are they doing? What are they using for a play cards with the people? Nobody knows really what's inside the box is, but this pass is clear. That the boxes were never touched and they didn't know the votes were in there. And 93% of the votes passed in Florida by the last. That's a good one. All right. Okay. Thanks. She took a breath. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AP and 10, rise and 1, 1, 1, 1. Here's the fact that this is a meeting about to be understand along by just even to explain the status of the American political system that our country did. After reading this book, understanding this event to your better have only one thing to say, just even to your for present, 2004. The whole of the country and free to be our goalpower to the people. I'm a new pal. Let's start a real third party, a serious third party, like Jesse said, a centrist party, a populous party, not way out on the left, we're not way out on the right. Finsically conservative socially liberal. That's what a more warm-up is. Jesse from president. But what I say is, cough, a whole goddamn count right now and just swear them in. Just put them in there. Here's the lady in Palm Beach, hello. Hi, good afternoon. Yes, man. You know, back to Palm Beach at Lina College and all those little goose peppers that I've heard. Oh, God. Listen, when I first used to flirt, I really needed to get a degree quick and they offer a quick degree. This is a Baptist college. And I'm Jewish. And I'm Jewish. Exactly. I sat in that classroom for a year and now anybody can go there, of course, because they love your money. But I was told in the classroom that I was a non-person and had no right to exist because I had not accepted Christ in my head as my savior. Of course. And the teachers, the instructors, where this is supposed to be, you know, a college where this is learning. Did you usually show that they were on on that? I sure. I kept wondering myself because I never heard of Palm Beach at Lina University because I kept wondering, what kind of a school is this? They're all these right wing glue steppers, you know, they're all young people. They're all these, they come in from. They're even. We're even. They're, they're, you know, the English priest. The reason that they're a Palm Beach Atlantic is because they're, it's right now she is rapidly desirable to where the county office building is. They have to be got a Tory in there. They're only at that sidewalk as a way. From where all, from from Graham Zero. We're all the hubbub. They went down in West shoulder, hubbub on Saturday for about four hours and, oh, seeing it. I thought you'd better than some sort of rhetoric. But if I'm well, you know, actually she was very postible and very nice and talking and explaining everything. Did you think about O.J.? I wanted to ask her, but I didn't dare. And I got one of those teachers with the, with the goofy, with the, the ball of the. Exactly. And I answered she's fine and she was ready to, she said, better not. It's a couple of little girls, but she did give me her business card, which I thought was pretty nice. She's good. She's been very good on us. She has been excellent. And I've started taking the time talking with younger reporters from like different, like school papers or something. And really explaining what was going on and legal term to them to make it easier for them to understand. She was most kind, most weep. Mother, good news is Alcy Hesings got out of live on Friday from the Palm Beach Atlantic. So he's got, you know, I guess it's like five blocks away. So I think they sure, I'm sure they just took over that place because it has to be got a toy. But it's, it's, they're, they're the worst people I've ever met in my life. Okay. Oh, I mean, it could email you something. Yeah. Then the, the Perny Cornhines are radical. Can you put George back on sign nature email? Okay, hang on. Thank you sweetheart. Okay, now I'm going to accept the one at five, should you give me a minute? Okay. Go back. Go back. How about coming back all the empty-gillers under this? Regulments. He said he was disturbed by the qualities of the system. But he felt that a preliminary injunction was not an appropriate remedy that he was ready to grant at this time. He thought that it was something that probably would be considered by a higher court. And he wanted to have a higher authority. You better pray a lot, Ted. 560, 560, 560, on the 18T, and Verizon, I was lying. Mobile is much palm, hello. Hey, Leo. Yes, sir. Blue is a night-gatherer, um, um, um, an observation here. If you look at Persians of color in America, the reason why they voted, I would think, was probably out of fear for this, uh, Republican administration. Yeah. The Jews probably voted for a couple reasons, uh, one day, and then he had to get anything. But if you look at the Persians of color in this country, which is an unprecedented election in 2000, never be sure in history, that we had. That election, uh, backlash like that, and the only thing I can think of is it's out of fear for, uh, for these people, uh, that there's, they won't have any resistance in this country or it'll be back. But we're going to wait and wait. No, you're several giant steps backward in the time. That's right. Exactly. That's all I got. Okay, excellent point in your right. And of course, when they voted, they would have liked to have voted to have counted, but, uh, in a lot of cases, they did not. I can do rock County and imponged each county and a Hillsborough County and lots of other points. Or if these go to be used to them, I get your shot on the way to the polls. Yeah, that's true. I forgot about that. 560, 560, pound five 60, pound five 60, on the 18T and Verizon, well, and dragged behind a truck and Texas, our show forgot about that too. Oh, with an Texas, wasn't. Here's Volker, hello. A nail? Yes, sir. You know, there's been an incredible litany of, uh, uh, lies perpetrated the last, the week, uh, by the Republicans and one of the more amusing lies, uh, had to do with, uh, Richard Nixon. You may or may not have brought this up on your show. The fact that he didn't confess anything after the election. But which is a lie right off the bat? I would, you know, first of all, uh, several very important, uh, presidential historians have indicated that not only did he contest and get recounts in nine or ten states. He sent a whole battery of attorneys and advisors down to all those states to raise hell. Man, until he realized that even, uh, uh, once the thing was pal, he still could not win. But he did everything in his power to try to cause all kinds of... So, uh, that it's all kind of, it's all part of this public relations spin that the Republicans have been running. They've been running 24 hours a day between James Baker and all these other right wingers, putting this spin on it. The Carl World can always lie. Twisting this justice. Take a number of years and talk about the old wisdom under his comparing him to just the over votes. I mean, it, like I said last week, if they really had the truth on their side, they wouldn't have to be lying all the time. You talk about the thing like the butterfly ballad in Chicago, which wasn't used this time, and never is used in presidential elections. One last point, um, and you've touched on this in a humorous way, you know, over the last few days. The thing that really scares the JB's out of me is that you're already seeing little, little, uh, reflections on who Bush is going to have, uh, surrounding him. When, when James Baker, uh, was the first visible part of his advisory team, um, and it's, it's, this anti-Semite, uh, it, it's, and shows down my spine that we're back to the days of this father, and all the, uh, rather than say, we people that surround the disfather, and that just scares the heck out of him. It's just like this on points. It's just saying a bunch of fascists all over again. Make no mistake about it. Thank you, Neil. See you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Did hear the **** p YongAP you? Sorry makes sure you can go structural compared to them. Aged, we know it's a lie. Like we'd my lips. And I hate to say, I told story a? You shouldn't know but there's lies about cubic and십, and be back. And we care about you and then overpower both the people right. More power the people who are more poised for us and everybody else. After you're at, that's basically the what they's saying. You did your job with a bunch of leedus right machines. was right about one thing. He was right about one thing. He's right about several other things they're just going about it the wrong way. But they should have been a slam dunk. It should have become down to this. What kind of bozos, I tell you what kind of bozos we got, every time they should include this thing with the speeches they're having up there with Lord's tribe or speaking a minute ago, and tell a Hassy, and the background here. We want first, you know who those people are? Those are all FSU kids. Those are all tell a Hassy right when the little small FSU world Republicans. Yeah, haven't you seen them every time they show the Hassy? Very sad. tragic. I hope they all look. All those guys that they're looking for some other guy from Palm Beach Atlantic. They have a wonderful life together. Here's a mobile in the Kilargo. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. All right man. This is I don't know the very in here down here vacationing in Florida and I think it's a wonderful opportunity that I get to get out here and actually talk to somebody that's a phrase, all the stations that have been in Missouri are totally conservative. Several points. The fact is that Bush's campaign is in preaching and he's got a rhythm. And now we're trying to use the feds of the top local control. He said that one of the government works in the second mistake. That's the back of the typical two. In fact, that was the Texas legislature only needs a far better than every two years. And this is the reason they could be established. I know how to get a federal judge to mandate and state that Texas is not needing their obligation according to that program. Again, and hypocrite. Again, education. He wants local control. But he does a lot of local control of their elections. This is Florida law. It's ridiculous. It's obvious. He absolutely knows that he can't win the election. That will people vote for court. If he really, if he really was, he'd let his memory count go on until the 12th of never. That's right. And Baker keeps trying to turn the tables by saying, well, they want enough recounts until they finally get a number of they like. The fact is that the Bush people, they have a number they like right now and they're saying, okay, let's cut it off right now because we're here. Exactly. A GLP TV on five. All the Republicans directly have clicked and glorified, when the Chinese supposedly score on New Jersey's grid. And when the Department of Education can not find that that, $16 million they said, yeah, I would assume it's all as far as a fair, you know, in elections and laws, then should be directly responsible for not making sure that all of the precincts using appropriate ballot. You have your responsible, it's open, more responsible. One of these people that I've put over C.B.C.B.C.B.C.B.C.B. is that it's standard. The Republicans always want to use it. Now, one of your college pointed out, and this is these lives, that Republicans have been putting out in their low propaganda work, and I want to point out a couple of wars. They tried to compare the 19,000 federal punches, okay, and compared that to the 15,000 that were totally disregarded in the 19, right, you fixed. That is the 15,000 in the 19, 96 also all in valid terms. I just said that that's over as an under as a mis-is-only over. We got almost 30,000 over as an under this time over a week. Exactly. Exactly. So today's representative is a lot of reporting. He's closing, let me just take in regulations for knowing and Missouri that it's dead. 567-05, while I can sit at Missouri because it's the show me electro, say, yeah show me your hands. Okay, nice going, sir. He's not a role that he finds a safe crap. 567-0560, pound 560 on the AT&T, Verizon, I'll pull the lady to think we'll really ever know who won this election, and the result of this incident always astonishes me. Oh, here's Alan Brutchewitz. The federal court granting the injunction. We won, and that means that the count goes on. It doesn't mean that my clients are going to be satisfied with account. Mr. Olson mentioned that lawyer and court threatened further litigation. I was that lawyer. On behalf of my clients, the count excludes the votes of some who's will is clearly reflected in the ballot. We will pursue options in the state court. The point is it proves that the state court system is working, even the video that Mr. Olson refers to. When explained by the relevant public official, demonstrated that the system is working, that there were attempts to change it, they weren't changed. There are consistent standards being applied, but every voter has the right to have his or her vote counted, and when a will to vote for a certain candidate is manifest in the ballot, we will insist through the court's of Florida and through the judicial and other administrative procedures of Florida that those votes be counted. Okay, that's going to be Alan Duschewitz. Five, six, seven, are we counting right now as we speak? Can't wait for that Valuesia County recount? Ten o'clock tonight or thereabouts, maybe before we go to bed and never going to have a number? Here's a mobile and poker, hello. And now we're going to bed. All right, I think they're here. They're on the run. What are all many Mexican push-broadover coughs, the sex is border to vote form? Two, two, and a minute, I'm hearing. That's probably very interesting to know that one. Hey, did you get the first question we said from the South started? The Bush camp called Palm Beach County, a Buchanan Stronghold. Yeah, I never knew Buchanan had a stronghold anywhere. I mean, even in the United States, and again, everything is well, they keep trying to compare the numbers from the Republican primary from four years ago with the numbers from the presidential election, and you look at the other counties and even a child could how ridiculous it is. Yeah, they're trying to confuse the issues, make everybody confused, it's just like a cell's in a car cell's in fact. They want to confuse you so you're buying it. And it's just not working. I mean, it's working a lot of these Bush people. I mean, the Bush is trying to do it's been their way into the White House. That's what Baker and all these people are doing. They're trying to spin their way, win a PR campaign. And even though they lost the election, both the electoral college and the popular votes, they're trying somehow to be as their way in. It's a rare place to the censorship to come if they get in there. Amen. How talk to that? Heaven help us. Okay, that's also a prayer. I will talk to whatever it means. Let's pray to you, the Republican. And some of the facts be something before, there's also a good point. You know, might not have been this close. States like Kentucky, Louisiana. I can saw some of the states that brought it one back in 96. You want to know one of the reasons that go probably lost those states this time? Oh, yeah, his name is Julie Lugerman. See, what a bit, what a bit of one thing. If they picked the guy who is Jewish, who wasn't like Orthodoxy, morning out of Sweden, making such an issue out of the city. And the ACA, you said, hey, cut the crap. Was it the ACA, the ADL? ADL? Yeah, the ADL, made a big sentence about it. But the fact is, if they could have picked some, I would just happen to be Jewish. And then I made an issue out of it. Perhaps a lot of those people will say that just, I just wondered, care that much or wouldn't it have been noticed? And the irony, the whole thing is that he was supposed to be such a big asset here in Florida in places like Palm Beach County. And here because of the illegal Palm Beach County ballot, what do we get? Senator Evelas, 58 people allegedly voted for Papuaí cannon. So we're talking yesterday, did you see the fact that they were so desperate to try to find out who those people were, they went around knocking on doors, couldn't find one person who voted for Papuaí cannon. And that came up after the bogus woman. If you just like our first color we had today, the bogus call to get us started with, you mean they couldn't find one that would admit it. You know all those old Jews. I don't know the quiet, I'm not surprised, not slightly stirring. Yeah, George is the one that said that. Here's a mobile and full water deal, how long? Yes, hi, you know what? I'll let you know that there's a huge rally in Palm Beach downtown today at 330 and it's a riot. That's a Jackson and they expected it anywhere between 5,000 and 10,000 people to march in Palm Beach and to counter those Republicans and tell us you those students you were talking about here. So there is going to be support by the five of the citizens by the people to show that Al Gore does have support. Thank you. Okay, thanks. And you do know the FSU five song, don't you? You know how you sound because it's not working, you're asking for everyone. Oh, 26 after one at 560 and of course those kids up there have a good said, do you know who brought us man? What's that? The Neil Roger show sports radio live 60, 2, 8, half holy cow and coming. you He although Christian with God, we can't find You're not seen it just disappear. We look in all over and it still is. Thank you, Georgie. Junior, where do you have to be? Oh, are you afraid that you'll find out that you're not to a rubbish car, which can't be party-pump. And you can't pinch. Confession of your, I don't wish it's not you. You can hire a judge. You can survey, check, limit, and repeat. F Bjendi. With both drives,uitosune Nevada visuals,村jaw, fourYoutulein, benet сможa 18 18 со joe 21 Welcome to a 5-fig. We came to install it out over there at the EQM van. Smart and final shopping center, corner 441 in Hollywood, boba, be a 790 bucks. And, sure like you, you're 1000 by the 10 to get out of there by 1 and a 2 o'clock. All the best in the whole season is because that's key change. Be sure to go to pm.jokehouse, double the F-U and the QM van. Smart and final shopping center, 441 in Hollywood, boba. To go to salon.com, there's a great article by Joe Posener here about the fallacy of Nixon's graceful legs up. More of the lies that are being spread right now. Oh yeah, well Nixon, he was a statesman, he's a white. In fact, the speaking of statesman, George Will, as much as I despise him to begin with, who was up in the nicest white wing, boba crap. Yesterday morning on this week on ABC. He made a comment that was so ludicrous that everybody also in a panel who were laughing at him and we would have had great impact. Except they were moving on to whatever the guest was going to say. But, honey, nobody is handling this like a statesman and he's saying, except George Bush, except George Bush, like a statesman. Did you think of a statesman like when his dog took a leak out on the ground there'd be everything when he was up there with the patch on his post? I thought that was pretty, George Bush, statesman like, see the Bush people they have dog problems, remember Millie? Millie used to do that and now this one's got a dog that keeps peeing on the garden, which is nothing wrong with peeing on the grass, I guess. I thought he was going to kick the poor thing. Here's a mobile and candle, hello. Yeah, Neil, let me show you. Yes, sir. Liz, I just want to touch about four points that I think are on the speautable first of all, Rush to them while you're an athlete. Okay, thanks. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's for a waterdale, hello. Yeah, Neil. Uh-huh. A simple solution to the problem. Give half of both to each candidate that the knowledge was double punched. I think that's all, everybody's problem right now. Yeah, there you go. Okay, no. How about a tour of the room? You're a church. Here's North Miami, hello. Hey, how you done, Neil? Okay. I'm a spoken tuning a long time. I wanted to do a little right wing Christian vaccine if I could. No way, eh? Take a look at you on. I graduated from a Bible college and saying that I was a Democrat when I was there. You would have thought that I was the anti-grayman. Very extreme right wing. The Christian, a lot of Christianity today has gone so far to the right. It's not the party would be brought up. You mean like a convict, you're letting University, I probably just counted what you did that we did. Well, so I'm spreading. I was going to write you a note, but that I was not sick of it. So I didn't like to do it called my pastor went there. And I left the church last year and I haven't gone back to church then. So they had to think we were talking about murder and stuff and I told my Christians committing murder. And he basically threw me out of the church because he said no Christian in history has ever committed murder. I think you are an end of the soul. Wow. I'm not sure what you're doing. I go to the church and do work and all we ever talk about was being escaped constantly. And when the dead bush is wise, that thing happened and I said, what about that? He said, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. And I said, how are you making a mouth not at a whole hill man? She just was shot with him a little bit. You have from GW on down, you have the most self-righteous finger pointing hypocrites. I've ever seen in my life. And now Greg and Christianity threw them mud and make us all look like asshole. We're not. Okay, but. And now hey, you know what? It's a shame that this has a election had to come down to this. We didn't have a good candidate on the other side. I would say no Republican. I would ever vote for it. Except for Cody wrote a lot for the American. And Cody, he'll look his eye. No, seriously, she shot with him. See you think you'll read it that she was smoking on the stuff. She didn't have any receipts for her because she shot with him. She never paid for him. 560, 505, 60 pound, 5060 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Rine. Let's hear it for Colombia. You think George P is still chasing that runner-up on in the parking lot in circle? Chase net, poor kick around, yeah. Anybody ever see George P? Here's Naples. Hey, I got him. Pretty good. First off, I was thinking of George P. I saw him up this weekend. I have to use right around the dorms. They're 40 station and chasing girls. Yeah. But I'm really, you know, I'm really just so sick of this. And I don't like that. I can't wait really for the next election. I decided that I wasn't going to burn the next election because I go with him. I mean anything. But now, pretty much as I did. You know, I'm going to vote. Not Republican, not Democrats. I'm just going to vote for the third party, you know, because really, but both in me, anything this time, evidently. And so, you know, I figured the third party candidate like Jesse, if he would have wanted to run or someone that, you know, he's at least not going to trouble this crack. Who go on there by playing somebody and kick him in the head. I guarantee Jesse Ventura is not a battle next time he's going to win. I guarantee you, I mean, I know all the former. I'm hoping for him 80 times. I'll vote for the least 80 times. And I guess the world was for you speaking around. He was about a year ago. Some more a fraternity guy called up on the phone talking about running on the bank. Beats for the fraternity brothers. Oh, yeah. Can you play that call? If you got it somewhere. What do we call that for the George that fraternity? What, no? Oh, this guy. Here's a mobile in Bokeh. Hello. Yeah. Hi. I know. I wanted to talk a little bit about this fraternity business that you mentioned. And I just wanted to ask, if you have any best friends and how long have you had those best and more? What does that mean? Well, it means. What does that have to do with this? It has to do with everybody. It has to do with everybody. It has to do with everybody. It has to do with a fraternity. And not necessarily taking showers or all the other hazing and whatnot that goes on. But it has to do with hanging out with a bunch of guys. I have two best friends. One is straight. One is gay. I've never had sex with either one of them. I've never seen either one of them naked. No, have any desire to do either one of the above. Okay. Do not take showers with them. Don't set towels at them. All right. In the fraternity now, you don't socialize by taking showers together. If a guy takes a shower and the other guy's got to go to class, he goes in the shower. Well, it's not a question of socializing in the shower. I'm not talking about socializing in the shower fraternity. We're talking about hazing and initiation fraternity and group sex. I'll tell you about hazing and initiation. When you are, when you're in age of adolescent, 18, 19, and you're trying to find yourself in college, whatever a may college may be. Preserve these, lend itself to putting a bunch of guys that are like you. What I see like you, I mean, they like to say, nature is they play the same sports. They're a group of guys together that automatically, for some reason, I can't explain why. Become your good friend for life. Now, when you have a good friend, then like I mentioned to you, when you have a best friend, when you're a good friend of yours, you share experiences with them. And part of the time, I was very interested in that story. It could be two guys on a girl. It could be two girls on a two guys. It could be, you know, in the bathroom, four guys taking showers before girls. You experience sexual or not sexual or they're relevant. No, no, it's not irrelevant at all. Of course, it's not. No, it is right. When you're in a fraternity, your goals are to make friends. Because, how do you have a friend? So because you have a best friend or a bunch of good friends doesn't mean A, that you take showers with them because you're going to be friends for a long time. And B certainly doesn't mean that you share sexual experiences with them. And I can ask that. I can ask that. You can ask that. You know, some of the, I belong to a house club. And then the house club that I belong to is completely heterosexual health club. Yeah. But the shower is a shower with six dogs on it. Now, do you think that I've become part of that health club, so that I can work out with guys and then go take showers. I have no idea. You can answer that question. Okay. So that's not good. I will answer this. There are plenty of guys who do, but that's beside the house. That's beside the point. Me, firstly, I do not. That's a bastion of homosexual activity in the house club. I do not go and join the security. Every morning, I don't know. Don't sound effective. We believe you. Point of authority and criminal showers and group sex. And whatnot. Is that a question? What is the point of your approach? The point of a fraternity is hazing and the point of becoming a woman. What is the point of making a young kid get naked? I'll tell you today what it is. I'll tell you how to give you a straight forward end. Please. Just bring it along. What do you belong to a fraternity? And I'll say it again. You belong to a bunch of guys that are going to be your friends for life. And part of the one way that you're not with my own getting naked for you. Let me finish part of the experience of having a best friend. Whether it may be a best friend that you play soccer with or whether it may be a best friend that you are drinking with. You share intimate moments. Not intimate moments. Not sexual. What I'm going to do is I don't mean sexual. I mean intimate in the sense that you will not share that kind of experience with anybody else who's not your friend. For example. You're not going to be like this. I'm so faggy to me that I've been on a nurse for you, sir. You want to know? Sound funny to me. Running through the beach naked with a bunch of guys. You're never going to share experience with anybody else. You're not even your wife or your kids or any other friends that you are. Why would you want to run out of the beach naked with a bunch of guys? Why do you want to do that? Why do you want to? Hold on. He's saying it's not a question if you want it. You don't have a choice. Right. Because what? Why do you want to force these kids to be naked? Why do they always have to take their photos off? My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my every day. And hang out at the showers of the gym. Why don't you tell me the real story here, pal? I don't every day experience. People do not have a fraternity walk around naked. They can order these naked. No, you're not stop. You're my, stop when my house is green. Stop with a steam in the steam bath. Okay. Let's get a line to the meat of the matter. Tell me why you want to see make these guys get naked. Let's go. Go on. Keep the matter of respect. It's a matter of, so it's a matter of whack every respect. It's a matter of whack every respect. I'm not going to listen to it. Be great themselves and it barely sent humiliating themselves. You're gonna be part of the party. I'm going to be part of a particular group of friends and guys who says that. I want to, I want to. I want to. I want to. Okay. Without any more discussion, it's very simple. A child can tell you if somebody's the man that I get naked in order to be their friend. I'll pass. Okay. There's a good message for all you kids out there. If any other male your age older, whatever, if they demand that you take your clothes off and engage in some kind of naked in order to be a part of their cloth, in order to be your buddy, in order to be their pal, run like a bandit, run like a son of a bitch. That's the best cloth I've ever had in my life. You're gay. Exactly. One, forty, two, five, sixty, QM. What are you timing? The front purpose. That's non-purpose, that's supposed to be hip and cool and the end, you know. Papa, papa, papa, papa, papa, papa, papa, papa can read their heart. That's what it sounds like. Not anymore, not anymore, not anymore. That's what they're. 890 we can make it 110 more bucks at the QA and van you got another quarter hour almost Joe Kassel and then FU look for the QA and van in the smart and final shopping center Quarter 441 and Hollywood Boulevard. Western EOCD is that key change of features we need another 110 bucks per thousand today let's get women. Tonight mention my name is the wife of Darius. 13.25. 60WK got the mad dog for Hank and Chulos take two today. Don't forget that big hockey game tonight at Land of Thrashers here. Maybe your team might be able to make what do you think. Come on. Here's a daydland. Hello. Yes sir. Good afternoon. I'm from Europe and I've been talking to some friends over there. Yes. And they're telling me to look a little like Asian and Arab and Elexus. Maybe we should get me a little bit to make sure. Yeah, no or he's not doing much these days. We can get him over here. Yeah. Okay. That's all I got in that. Okay. Thank you. Love you. Hope you. Okay. Do we. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T. That's the correct. Do we. Not competency. Do we. But do we want a faxious president? No. No. That's the correct. How about that third question? Do you think we'll really ever know who won this election? 425 votes. It's reloaded. 429 votes. 298 said. Oh. That 59.5%. But 30.5% and 131 said. Yeah. Oh yeah. Right. And for the abortion people out there that are celebrating and waiting in the wings. In case they lose out here in Florida. Hope it doesn't take in post. Or hanky, panky life. If you didn't do Mexico in Oregon, Wisconsin and Iowa. Lady, you say much cross Iowa out. Because they did a recount in Cedar County, Iowa. Bush and Gore were tied even even in Cedar County, Iowa. Final vote. Goal 43. Bush 43.1. Goal picks up two votes. And they were talking to the Republican guy from the election for their and Iowa. And I see them on CNN here and then to go. You think that they did the matter. We come got to recomb the whole state that there's any chance it would change the outcome. He said very unlikely. Because they got new voting machines. And they don't do the crap that we do here. Here's Boker. Hello. Boker. You know. Yes sir. Two things first. Later and his followers go down in history. The wrong way. Right. The other thing is always. Bush supporters and one have you. The oil people have a awful lot of heavy money into the campaign. And the pharmaceutical people won't forget him. They're looking for a return. And the NRA people don't forget about them. And if they don't get it, they're not going to be too happy. Right. God bless them. And the God bless us. Thank you. Okay. Say how to tiny Tim. Now with tiny Tim said God bless us one and also. Of course the people there in the young people are not from tiny Tim. Woo! We'll see. Come on over. Not that tiny Tim. I'm just, I'm exhausted from all this. You know, I'm in the vacation tomorrow's clap. Here's a mobile in this game. They're good and so long. Hey, we are all right. By the way, back guy to call the couple of callers we're going. He is gay. For Johnny to guy. He's gay. Yeah. No question about it. There's nothing better than running naked on the beach with your buddies. I feel like that. Here and have a mobile tank. There is no mobile tank. There's no mobile tank. Let's let you know this. I'm already so recovered. I've never been able to go with a problem. How about that? Yeah. It's incredible. Not a good scam anyway. And even one last thing just to really make your day worse. Let you know that they're going to turn the alien home from your CM. How about a bag? All right. Nice going. Nice commerce baby. You're American F and way. Little capitalism down there in a little hibana. Like I said, we just had a report that I made up that there's a 23 million illegal alien uh, only dead people who voted in day counting. I like to call her said right the beginning of the show. If you could see her if they do want to build a recount in day counting, it is going to be unbelievable. You think we had a scandal with that Xavier Swars business. You ain't seen nothing yet. 151 at five, 60 WQAM. The Neil Roger shows, sports radio, 560s, a half. You'd criminalized put in blood. It's trying to go because of the statements. That's what's worth. It's one of my top priorities to give every single child in the United States. Handguns that are so widely available that kids are finding ways to get a horse now. I'm a grand father now. I want to be able to tell my grandson what we were following and I'm projecting a horse. I do whatever is necessary. I'm present to make sure that it stays that way. I ask for your support. So the most, and then, stand there. The new commander and chief who were led money to corrupt officials. And the, the nation of our society is as hopeful as it possibly can be. Every single child in the America must be put to death. I mean, every child. We can, we can close public schools. I'm a hard-hearted person. And I don't care about children. You feel a lot of good. So I'm going to come to the moon station. I do. One for being six or five, six, you're up in the queue. And we got how much 930 bucks. We can go to another 70 in the next four minutes at the QA in Van. Smart and final shopping center, corner 440 on Hollywood Boulevard. And you actually get to shake hands with a lovely Joe Costello. And maybe even to take a look at the nephew. Can say goodbye to him. And say goodbye to the nephew. Because this is last week. Here's a mobile and where we going. We're going to a mobile and tell baby. Hello. Yes sir. How are you? Okay. Let's focus on something we might actually have a day in like the legalization of marijuana for our country. What are you thinking? Do you think you'd be a plural of a pamphlet? No. Why not? Because do you want to floor the floor to be much lower first. We can't even get casino gambling. We're going to legalize pot. Yeah, but you know, you structure the ballot right. We might actually get away with it. Yeah. If we could maybe if we could tie them with social security. I could be interested. Yes. Did I think we could tie them with social security. And early breed winners guaranteed. I think we made it more like a single card. We'd have better opportunities. There you go. I say one. No. So I'm in some of my people. I thought we're really going to figure out who won. I think the no.