My amy fortlaterdale Sports radio 560 W2AM i amy fortlaterdale presents the zest of meal rosers No live calls will be taken today. Meal is on tape. Okay, that's a for many. But he's not seen Please don't call the a pinning shirt on the meal rosers show are those of the host and call it and do not necessarily Reflect the piece of easy acquisition or the measly broadcast group. It's managed mid or anyone else for that matter Never remember this is the best of meal. Do not call What's the name? Oh now just relax and enjoy on 560 QAM Man in chains just the way I like it and then this morning I'll come into work and I'm all over there in plantation Which by the way I'll get the plantation I would like to report right now that I believe that there's a cigarette and a wood politics in plantation and the call we had from the cop last week on his show And now we have this plantation this big thing this is step campaign starting today by the way Which I'll get into these selective enforcement traffic enforcement program step as in step on this That call was from some pork or over there in plantation is what it was all about because this article yesterday's paper Which I appreciate somebody bringing to my attention by the way This is a carbon copy of that phone call we got last week They're trying to condition us to doing this and doing a meantime I come back from the track last night and come waste on sunrise Boulevard off the turn bike as always and There are people I'm going it's 45 is the speed limit okay I'm going 50 52 whatever which a little bit over people are going by me as always 70 75 miles an hour and sunrise Boulevard And I say you people need mental help including you you're telling me that you were one of those people going 70 miles an hour and sunrise last night Well 65 70 I don't usually do 70 until I get on a normal mental help by this company Okay, there's nobody else on the road. Yeah, okay. I don't want to need one That the guy is talking about that wants to make it up as you go along There's nobody else on the road. You're going to go 70 on a residential street. That's nice Well, you know that 400 just gets away from it. Yeah. I know it's here. I didn't see that I'm lucky I only drive a damn Corvette that can only go 155 miles and how you got that big powerful four runner I mean I can't compare with that but a lot of rumors about this station by the way We'll get into that so anyway getting back to this thing well first of all There's all these rumors before I get into the thing about the plantation porters There are massive rumors about this place being sold this radio station or maybe I'm not sure if it's just this station Or if it's a kiss in the power 96 also all three of them the beasley properties and what we have to say to that is Oh my god, are we praying we got our late cross we got our eyes crossed we got our fingers crossed we got our nostrils crossed I mean, we're in a cross I'm rubbing my rosary beads right now I'm gonna lay some to fill in whatever else I can get my hands on any any kind of a we're gonna rub by the Buddha on the head Hey listen Well, so the relate we'll get to Leopard Khan and the rub his head to a little bit Look at some lucky god damn charms is what we'll do anything that might make that come true. Oh God with that be something Halle Luya set us free please whoever you are out there the rumored buyers Which I don't want to say too much about it because once these things start leaking out you can screw it all up So I don't want to say too much but the rumors are running rampant You don't think that's the reason that we're just kind of sitting here like in limbo because you know that nobody who's a real broadcaster And their right mind would be running this place this way so maybe that's so what really is in the wind here Not that I want to get anybody pair of noise and psychotic that works for beesley read being such an upstandity company like they are Oh man Anyway, this ties in so directly not that I'm paranoid, but it ties in so exactly with that militant psychotic call that we had on this show last Friday or Thursday I guess it was Friday and it was in yesterday's scum Sentinel right on the heels of that Conversation plantation where I just happened to live in half for many years now plantations break BRA ke with tradition Police departments planned a halt motorist to ignore traffic laws I want you to listen to this because even if you don't live in plantation This should give you an idea of the mentality that we're dealing with here motorists who drive through the city of plantation Should be extra careful to obey the law this month starting Tuesday meeting today The plantation police department will clamp down on drivers who ignore speed limits Run red lights tailgate don't wear seat belts don't signal or otherwise break the rules of the road Patrol officers in police cruisers and undercover vehicles will be armed with radar and ticket books along all major roadways and schools zones in the city Airbie driver they see no some of this airbie driver. They see breaking the law will get a warning many will receive tickets Starting today if you violate a traffic law You're going to be stops and police captain Keith Hildgen felt who oversees the department's road patrol and motorcycle or officers The month long sting W. No a sting it's a stang there's stinging it you feel it. They're stinging it dubbed the selective traffic enforcement program Step how clever is aimed at discouraging careless driving and decreasing the city's high accident rates Plantation log more than 3000 motor vehicle accidents in 1997 according the Sergeant Frank Rubino of these more than 480 result in injuries We have 15 fatalities in 1996 and six last year that is outrageous Kilgian felt said how do you like that? He said not only was it unacceptable. It was absolutely outrageous. That's what he said We have a problem and we intend to address that problem Rubino said far too high percentage of drivers Tuesday drive in any matter they desire is this all starting that I want you to listen to the verbiage here Far too high a percentage of drivers choose to drive in any matter they desire Would they believe that there was a low risk for enforcement in many cases Hillgian felt said the people who complain The loudest about terrible drivers are the same ones who later get ticketed Police chief CE Sonny Sherrod Jr said the point is not to see how many tickets we can write for revenue or statistics But to educate the hope is that once people get used to driving safely along the city's major road They will maintain their good driving habits on smaller residential streets after Nabbing violators to the next three to four waste plans police plan to reinstate the program several times a year end of quote end of story If that doesn't sound like a carbon copy of the conversation we had with that militant obnoxious Disgusting pork or out of Friday under your show. I mean almost word for word is what it sounds like to me Of course it's only a coincidence because I have it a live in plantation and guess what I'm not wearing those seatbelt I'm going on the year right here with that now today I am not wearing a seatbelt see that whole seatbelt law Is like telling me what kind of toilet paper I have to wipe my ass with it's not your business What I'm doing inside that car unless it affects the way that I drive and by the way We're in the seatbelt and I've tried it does affect the way that I drive That's romantly yeah, we have a big side of that's right That's exactly correct and if they want I'll get to know for my doctor and I'm very positive I have several doctors who'll be more than happy to write a note saying like an excuse from school Because I got a head cold today that I'm fat pig and that right and I have diabetes and I blood pressure in this and that and whatever else And occasional hemorrhoids and as a result, I'm okay not where that seat belt and if you guys don't have anything better Doing addition to which the last time I checked pulling somebody over only for not wearing a seat belt isn't legal in a state of Florida You have to be violating some other Traffic law before they can pull you over for that is the way I understand the law could be wrong about that Now maybe we'll start pulling people over for passing on the right to look on sunrise now I applaud I'm all for pulling over dangerous drivers people who are running red lights people are running stop signs Not maybe like not making a complete stop But people are running stop signs people speeding in school zone. I'm coming this morning to work out here on the honey hill road And I'm slowing down. I'm granted those lights have a work since we had the big storm a couple of weeks ago But any jackass can see what those see those people with the With the straps of the orange straps on standing on the corners helping the little kids across the street those traffic Whatever they call that means there's school in session and the science is very clearly school zone 8 to 9 a.m And I'm coming here 25 to 9 or 29 this morning and I'm slowing down to my 15 miles an hour And there's this big a shfarts are in a big truck behind me and this guy's like practically pushing me because he's so pissed off Because I'm going 15 miles an hour right on the dot. Well, it's a skull zone You asshole and there's people speeding through there. I didn't see no big in any tickets of course People going 70 miles an hour on sunrise like I said 80 miles an hour on sunrise and Broward Boulevard people running those lights that I've been talking about forever and of course this business They're going to be equipped with radar and ticket books Well, that sounds like more the same to me and if you have already you know Why don't you get the speed limits like on hiatus? They're up to where they belong like 45 instead of 35 and then none of us Whatever who are in all responsible, but have any problem with that But it's very obvious to me that some of those speed limits are said artificially low so that they can do what they've been doing for years Maybe that's why they have so many fatality and so many accidents If they have been doing a good job of getting the really dangerous drivers off the road and they're sitting there with too many goddamn speed traps What a concept in plantation huh? What a concept and sitting around by my house a couple of blocks away off the under of trees under Malaluka trees Wait and see if all four wheels on your car came to a full stop that he came to that stop sign and maybe Just some of those trees got trimmed back by the way, so you could see absolutely clear in every direction there Maybe that might be a little help too It's that I have in big branches of trees hanging out in the middle of the street so you couldn't see somebody coming if you're like to pen it on the at certain intersections But this sounds like a militant It sounds exactly like this porker that called here and it was on a braored line by the way and I'd be willing to bet a lot of money if I could get my bed in which I doubt But everyone loved a lot of a lot of money that it was the same forkering at this whole thing is an offshoot of this show Wouldn't surprise that a lot of me we're gonna show you you faggot We're gonna show you a thing or two and we'll hang out there right in and by the way If you also want to help save some lives how about it's really nice the city of plantation finally got that light up There were 118th Avenue and sunrise Boulevard, but you don't something it's been up there for weeks and all that does is flash and flash It flashes yellow and it flashes red That's all it does it doesn't change anything It's no different than it was before because there are stop signs on the north end of 118th and some and the south And on both sides of that intersection So if you would put that light in the motion put it into a work put it get it working and make it a regular stop light with like a you know Like a real red light would certainly help the control traffic and also stop people try to pull out of there and make a left turn and get and killed But I realize I understand we're pushing a little bit too hard You want us you want to make us a beating not a case of writing business We want to make you old beading like the guy so we want to condition you to doing things right right like you're got a condition dangerous drivers and Drug and drivers into doing things right. Okay. Let's try Miramar hello Yes, sir. All right. Oh my god that radio yesterday was bad I thought it was my radio at that god it's only your signal. Yeah sounded like the right mean thank God. It's only my signal is an accurate Anyway about the pork situation. I hope first on the list Are these cops when they're off duty and in their private cars that drive around? No, they're not gonna Sir, well, what do you will wasting your time with that? They're not gonna be first on the list. They're not gonna be on the list You know it be on the list. But they're not gonna be on the list. You know that and they're family members That's just because they have one of those little badges on their Tag me so they can drive anyway They won't let's all part of all that that whole thing that that whole for eternal order police business and I'll let the stuff you put on the bumper I mean if people really don't get stopped because they were in that stuff That's one of the biggest the hoaxes in this remain kind that asshole the culture less Week is probably the top of the list of the guys that drive around and leave in between traffic and How do you know that? Well because they're all like that these cops. Yeah, wait They drive. That's what they think they're above the law. They can afford the law But they don't have to abide by it. Okay. Have a great day pal. Here's Miami. Hello. Yeah, hi According to the law as turned on January 1st That anyone that does not have to be thought on Cook before the law without doing something else. It just started this year. Well, it was an accurate Yeah, because when I had to go to traffic to go back on January 7th and I brought that point up in the guys I'm not in the more January 1st if you're called without a seatbelts. I have to get that one little petty thing Oh, I got it to do I got a lot and buy some sharm in today because I don't think I got the right kind of toilet paper in my house either There you go. Thanks for the good news Any closing? Yes, can I? shameless request? Yeah, it's happening to call them Chinese don't get the judge in the park the Chinese the Chinese don't get to put a chicken the armor there Will you all right? Okay. I'll work on a fact No fortunate this broad guess maybe reproduce without the express written permission of WQAM These we read acquisition court O I Right no train Oh and a very May Would you gotta I was more than happy to Now there's more I'd like to do I want to get there but She won't let me I want to lift her We've nothing in her ears I want to hold her behind And close doors and doors I want to kiss her but She won't let me When she returned She'd say if she wasn't actress She showed me an album of pictures of her opening Which even didn't know She seemed to quickly put feelings But I'm clear with the She was the kind of girl She's so man-tarts and right on I want to kiss her but She won't let me I want to lift her We've nothing in her ears I want to hold her behind Close doors and doors I want to kiss her but She won't let me When I'll never forget The train runs out of thin Which airs the sea And we shared our tale But as long as our thoughts will be revealed We're dressed, our whole mind Because I just said it's fair In the end I want to kiss her but She won't let me I want to lift her We've nothing in her ears I want to hold her behind Close doors and doors I want to kiss her but I want to kiss her but She won't let me There was lots of time Not all that long ago Few years ago We couldn't play that on the year It was one of our censored pieces of material What does that tell you? And that leads right in It's set ways right This facts which is a new one We had this story yesterday And text us about the T-shirt Another habitual T-shirt Violator this one in O'Cala Jury selection began Monday And the trial of a 24 year old Florida man A trial They're having a trial over this Okay, charged with obscenity over a T-shirt Featuring a bare-breasted none And calling Jesus a profane name How do you like that? A bare-breasted none Probably Sister Mary Catherine Jesus That sums it all up I guess Record store clerk Andrew Love Was wearing a difference Is a record store clerk wearing a new T-shirt Promoting the British death metal band Cradle of filth in November When security offers it No calorie shopping mall Told him to turn the garment inside out Or leave Before he was able to reverse the shirt O'Cala police showed up arrested him And confiscated the shirt The shirt shows a bare-breasted woman And a nun's habit of reaching between her legs On the back are the words Jesus is a Using the crude term for female genetasia The seaword I know it's offensive, Love said Since when it is against the law to be offensive Love contented the shirt was not obscene The prosecutor's Steve Rogers No relation thank God disagreed Love was never jailed on the misdemeanor Charge was released on his own For cognizance if convicted He could be fined a thousand dollars in sentence To a year in jail Along with all those other habitual Like pot smokers probably Floored a lot of defines of sanity Is something the average person believes would appeal The way perry and shameful or morbid interest Something is obscene if it depicts a Disgrab sexual material in a patently offensive Here we go with this again And a luxurious literary artistic political aside to Vague Which means that none of those postcards that they sell An Amsterdam on street corners Out in the public would they be able to sell here of course Like the ones that had showed the Pope sitting on the throne Take an adump And this community meaning O'Cowlo the t-shirt Is definitely political said loves attorney Jim Reich He said the case had sparked an outcry From fans of cradle of filth civil libertarians And those are the anarchistic bent Reich argued loves a rest amounted to unlawful prior Restrain because police officers determined on their own That the t-shirt was obscene Mary and county judge Sandra Edward Stevens rejected That argument an opening statements were expected to start in the case Today Another habitual t-shirt violator So don't give me no song to dance about American first amendment rights Because we don't have any that's what it boils down to We have the word police we have the bumper sticker police We have the word police now we got the guy damn t-shirt police Remember to Hollywood not too many years ago in mayor of Galante had the t-shirt police arresting But young people in Hollywood beach First of all why would young people want to be in Hollywood beach anyway with all the old frogs The number two they were wearing t-shirts that said disgusting things Which were like by the way pale and so insignificant compared that one So there you go with some more good police work in America as the you hear the boots stop and all over the place baby So those rumors must be right this they must be planning on unloading this joint Of course you hear that oh, it's all over the place. I heard it for more on the radio just a little while ago the two am is being sold That's what I hear oh my god you listen No, man, there's no way that I could convey to this audience how desperately we George and I and many others But I'll speak for ourselves how we pray that that's true Pray is then understand it. I like I said I'll turn to religion. I'll become born again I'll be put on my white shirt and the tie and write a bicycle. I do anything. Okay. That's right. I'll even put on that magic underwear I don't give a crap anything at this point just to try to bring that to fruition and make it a reality Because these people here, man, I am they are clueless. It's not like they're a little bit off their way off in law All in there so far removed from anything that has to do with radio broadcasting that it's like we're talking about a Chinese freaking laundry And he could even screw that up and I forgot that Chinese restaurant But it be hangs on I'll get around with just hang with me pal. One of these days I'll play it here's Tamara. Hello. Yes sir I'm responding to the article that you just heard about the t-shirt. Yes sir Yeah, I was working in plantations for the years ago Near the corner that you talked about a lot about a little bit of university Uh-huh. I write you at the foot spa where the cops hang out right and the guy I was working for Why will the split goes we had a lot of escape t-shirts and we got the words that they had been the point Yeah, and we got to complete from one of the cops that said a woman had called and they were going to come down And they were going to, you know, confiscate the shirt and so close Yeah, because they probably wanted to give them a way as gifts to their girlfriends But anyway Oh my god I told the thought that they just leave the shirts out there and let the chips out of their day may and we're going to That's a little bit of all where they may write Exactly, but I think it's over Can any of you took the t-shirts down and came in because you didn't want any problems I was wondering because I was going to let it go out the way Yeah, I'm not sure But you see what that you know I figured a person in the window would protect me, but I get it Oh yeah, right If you're in a dream world menu at La La Land There's no first amendment It's an arbitration the cops make it up as they go along And I'll be fine that if that's a fencer that's obscene, okay We're just going to read you what you're talking about But it was decided through that we just mentioned And interestingly enough, you were in a different position The cops are doing it very good because they at least took their thought And they were sort of going to happen And they've been very funny to us But those are the ones you talked about that We have the coffee of that face Right, all they sure do Well, I make a good cup of coffee, I'll tell you that Okay, congratulations sir I'm just responding And I'm glad you cleaned up your act Okay, okay We got the dirty language, T-shirt, police going out baby You have to be kidding me What the hell are you doing in what are you doing in Amsterdam And you know, yes I'd love this a problem We have it, you welcome to use it How we are We are one block from the marijuana, Hish, you see Which means we're here for block from the red light You can't get your damn windows closed for Christ I saw you need to do it to get the munchies That'll be the end of you It's true, we don't need any assistance Neil, I want you to use this place I love it, I love Amsterdam It took six days together to phone Yeah But it is wonderful to food, it's great The bakery is so good No fish, no lunch, did I? No, I just wanted to tell you, love it, kisses And that we here will be back in New York when they are far to study And I want you to use your palm, it would be a joy to share this I definitely will You got it And how is the weather there now? You know it's not too busy, it's too busy It's a very warm winter But it's such a civilized town We are on the way By the way, just I would like me to really make a mistake But I watched one of the tips you sent me with the excerpts from my midday blue And the one more you were talking about Amsterdam What a great country it is Amsterdam is a city, not a country I don't want to be confused The Netherlands, Holland is got two names But last time I checked Amsterdam was only a city But only that we had a country The whole country would be like that I know, but would it join to my mouth I didn't get it Yeah, that's true How you feel? Most of that movie you have to see your mouth on something else But I don't want to hear anyone We don't want to talk about that I'll be back in town next week Up to see you In fact, that's when I had a relapse I was feeling pretty good And then I put that video in just to see what it was all about And watching you apply that tongue And say, oh, I can learn how to answer Having any kind of a sexual experience Such a gross out name You'll lose your appetite for months Well, I've never heard his bit Oh, wait a minute, wait a minute You never heard just a second I'll be here talking When you listen, that's a gate club you moron You'll listen for the glory, oh No, they have died to something I know Mr. Al Goldstein Frisers, the arse of taking a dump Oh, what I like to do is place a TV tray in front of me When I go, give me a way of Expeciting the food I enjoy I have my corn flakes today Corn is going, it goes right through It also helps to have a few pictures at glory It's a lot of joy But what I truly enjoy is the luxury of bathroom The cool sticks I always keep a tarry Okey machine nearby This way I can enjoy the acoustic When I say Fought and open And splat and splupt And spew and spray and strain in my heart Don't get in this real order Farming So when you have to make Don't hold it in this When I got to do Statician and moving Best unit I've tried to be here And if I feel good when I'm through That can help me F*** That's a healthy How do you like that? That's one of the real great tips I'll go upstairs Next week I'll see you to track Maybe I win some money Fat rich stole a torn dollar Okey never gave me a penny Never gave me a penny back Never gave me a penny back He's been to the food Okey Deal thank you I can hear yourself Okey go smoke some for us Algo seen an omg I'm talking about dangerous At least they don't have any good food They're ill find it I'm not sure if I can help you Yeah I can help you Yeah I can't help you Are you going to be a little bit late? Yeah yeah Yeah yeah yeah What's all this name? That's it Hajik? Ah So it's time to talk to someone named Fu Fu Okay hold on a kiss back Okay yeah Hello Hello How's it? Yeah how's speaking? Yeah hello Cool speaking Really? Hello Can you hear me? Yeah You got a restaurant for sale Huh? Uh how much you want for the salt? Well you come here to look at it and stuff to the box I come over maybe eat dinner with you Okay Uh does a duck pricing include all the walks Huh? Huh? Come on Come on Come on that's all So Chinese? Yeah Chinese Okay you can go Let's go I'm going to go I'm going to go Go It's a little bit late You're going to go I'm going to go and go Huh? Go Go It's a little bit late Okay, let's go I'll go to the office and get the local restaurant Okay Okay Uh you know Do you know what I'm going to do? Go and go What are you going to do? I'm going to go Do the one, do the five, so many Oh, do you want to go? Huh? Jack or do you want to go? Okay, I'll be right there Okay I'll send the guy on And then they'll let him go I don't want to go Huh? Sir, I'll buy Here's a mobile and hollywood hello Yes sir I do Okay Hopefully I turn out better the others Still You You've been getting a lot of tickets Like everybody else It's a B-trap surprise It's got three of them I've been doing one Getting a lot of tickets No I have not I haven't had a ticket in years I don't think you've talked about a lot Yeah I talk about it a lot Because I don't think that that's law And forcement is having speed traps Yeah That's not law enforcement I agree with you I get them all the time But what would you say if I gave you a suggestion How you yourself could change the system Yeah If you would promote Because you know It's different than the roads It's a speed trap And somebody in the opposite direction has a headlight sample Making it morning Which is against the law by the way It is Uh huh How about just putting your headlight saw Oh that's okay But if you would promote something like that I mean it's against the law But we all should be doing it I always have promoted that It is And the cop that's the couple pull you over And give you a ticket for that Two by the way They get very pissed off if you do that What laws that broken Huh They can't give you a ticket Because I feel like I'm doing it Well Who knows I have no idea Because you're screwed with their game Don't you understand They resent that That's why they resent me Because I've been talking for weeks Now about the The silly stop sign Police in Plantation And about the the radar traps on Hayed is Roath so now they're taking it out on me And now they're going to take it out on everybody else Cause they're pissed off over there Somebody peed in their coffee at the food spot I guess Yeah I don't know For as long as I can remember on this show We've done these pig reports Where people call in And they tell us wherever there are speed traps We put it right on the air That's the best thing that I could do And we will continue doing it How would they feel Give you a ticket though Just for putting a headlight on You're asking me Who knows All I know is that they do Uh, threatened they they have pulled people over They uh, you know, make them psychotic Because for whatever reason They say that they're not supposed to do that Just like they say that you're supposed to wear the seat belt And they say that you're not supposed to pick Uh, you're nose with the index finger of your right hand Only your left Ever great taster Put on my seat belt yesterday When I left here for the first time at a long time Just to see what it was like We're in a seat belt I don't like it I hate it Very constricting It's very uncomfortable But of course in this town Since most people are see This is like they got a call from Massachusetts yesterday About what Jerry Williams did in a radio years ago And he got the seat belt law Repealed the federal government intimidated them And made him put it back in re-instate the law The government's got no business We'd hard telling you what to do inside your car Any more than they have to tell you what to do inside your house The only thing they can tell you what to do inside your house Is you don't like beat up your pet or your kids or your wife or anybody else Because that affects somebody else And just like the example I used yesterday The government's on you what kind of toilet paper you got to use Or which hand to wipe with It's no different Oh, but it's for your safety No, it's not for your safety It's just another way that you give up freedom And let the government in true where they have no business How about letting the government sit inspectors to your house tonight To see who's doing what in the bedrooms, huh? I don't see how of a lot of difference It's none of their business It's insurance company bull crap It's revenue raising bull crap And you cops in plantation I got news for you I'm wearing my seat belt Aren't I? I hear you say I am and I understand I wasn't even home last I understand there was a plantation porker parked right in the corner If I'm pulled somebody over for not coming to a full stop at the stop sign there Right by my house right by the house What a coincidence Doesn't phase me in the least And this up not just arrogant prick that called issue on Friday And I wouldn't be surprised if it's this hilden felt guy Because his quotes, you know the more I read I got this one little column from yesterday's door Mondays paper And the more I read in his one line in many cases hilden felt said The people who complained the loudest about terrible drivers of the same ones who later get ticket Who could he be referring to? Yeah, who is he referring to? The people who complained the loudest about bad drivers who who is that? You open your window do you hear anybody out there complaining? Later get ticket See I hate to break the news to you sergeant whatever your name is Captain sergeant no time for sergeant But I happen to be a damn good driver in a safe and responsible driver And even though I got a car that'll go very very fast I got a drive very very fast And yes, I do resent when people go buy me There are a couple of things that repiss me off Number one when I'm trying to go close to the speed limit And somebody is right on my ass tailgating because they're trying to push me because I'm not going fast enough to suit them And if I'm speeding if I'm going seven miles over the speed limit They're right on my ass because I'm not going fast enough for them I'm not getting the ticket to make them happy, okay? Top crap. If you want to pass me around two WL lines go right ahead and take your chances Baby, but I'm not speeding up to make you happy And the other thing is when I'm going like 52 and a 45 on sunrise It's some asshole like George goes by me 75 miles an hour on sunrise Boulevard that really frost my ass I go with the flow I was a link on that What I'm going to somebody else in the road I'm going 70 on the turnpike where the speed limit is 65 And that's about what I drive around 70 in a 65 Nothing wrong with that And somebody goes by me go to 95 miles an hour and I never ever see any of those people get it pisses me off Because those people are a menace you people are crazy And yes, you should be getting tickets But the problem is they're not the ones who get the tickets baby The ones who get the speeding tickets are the ones who get caught in all these little radar traps that we set up So don't give me a song and a dance about you trying to say Blaves you try to condition people the drugs continue driving drunk and get in their licenses back And the chronic high speeders continue driving 85, 900 miles an hour And you know it nine o'clock. So go freshen up the coffee at the food spot in plantation and cut the crap Cause you're not fooling me you're not fooling anybody else and you're sure is how much intimidated me You can make as many phone calls to this show as you want doesn't phase me in the least But I'll be wearing my seatbelt Slow down and plantation by the way You don't want to get no tickets and buckle up your seatbelt and make a full stop and sit there for about half an hour at the stop sign And guess what they still don't have the light work at 118th Avenue in sunrise Boulevard The light still flashing there useless useless as teach on a caterpillar That's how worthwhile that light is there, but oh we don't want all these ray-tallity Well, and how about getting that light working okay and one thing I will say Since I do grip credit work credit is doing see one of the reasons they're kicked off the plantation cups is they had a great thing going there for months Even back when we're still on here in Paxon remember I used to talk about that 30 mile an hour thing the construction thing on sunrise And they would just sit there right and visit and you really you had no way of knowing where it stopped That where it started that's one of the famous games with construction zones Is you really can't be sure where it stops and where it ends And there was no reason for their most days to even days when there was no construction going on 30 miles an hour So they're upset because they finally did a great construction job there You know there was some inconvenience to those of us who live out there in Westboro, but you know something they did a hell of a job The DOT or whoever it is that you know, we rarely give anybody credit they did a fine job And sunrise Boulevard now is the wide sick lane highway out there all the way to where the arena is going to be it's a Mahayaman nice job guys All they got to do is put the reflectors down that will be all done and fix that stop light and make it work But that's one of the reasons that they got to do all this other business is because that was it that was like shooting fish in a barrel man That was that was a piece of cake Who's gonna be going 30 miles an hour on a thought four lane a big four five lane whatever it held it was at the time highway Especially on a road where George is going 70 miles an hour There's the one you want to get after his George Rodriguez, okay, I'll do plantation forkers and wherever else and sunrise you drive and where is it for a lot of day of what part of sunrise Like university and sunrise. Yeah plantation there you go. There's one for you in his beige Toyota 4 runner, okay He's going 70 miles an hour What it's desert dude. It's it's a huge place this number. Yeah Never mind me yet that I'm driving home on the after all is talking to China about these cops and all this bull crap And I'm driving home on the turnpike and here's an asshole in a green van and he's like in the I'm in the middle lane I'm the turnpike. He's in the left hand lane. He's about to go by me, but of course he sees the car Obviously he knows what it and now he hits the break and he sits out there and he kind of backs up and like he's looking over by shoulder Was that we're in my seat belt? No, I was not but I am we're in my seat belt now The audio plantation forkers. I don't want to well, you know give you an easy target on an invented new product It's just a sash that looks like a seat belt and you just put it on and sit down It looks like we're not a new product. Oh, it's not they've already know it's not. Oh, sorry See if I'd call that you know when do I get one of those? Yeah, you go and see there. He not only does he go 70 miles an hour on sunrise right in the middle of plantation there by university His puced desert doing four runners. We also advocating violent wild lawbreakers. He's the one not me I'm the safe driver. He in fact rich showed the two maniacs There's a man that drives 90 miles an hour in the school zone. That's how fast he goes. This man is out of control the fat man Well, he's fat. He's got a you know heavy foot which by the way my foot is still killing me I think I need acupuncture from that cracked proctologist knows magnets that I talked about the first day I came back out here here. It's the end of February coming up now and the bottom of my right heel is still No, they're for no change not getting worse not getting any better nothing in there They x-rayed nothing in there and of course that's great podiatrist over there Cleveland clinic nice chatting with you pal Nice knowing that Jeff Farc is your brother-in-law, but nothing oh, yeah You got to do those stretch in access. Yes stretch this still the same Maybe I can get an acupuncturist to come in here. Do you think so? They do acupuncture on your foot? Well, yeah, yes because your foot is like, you know, countless it's hard I mean, that's supposed to make a difference really it's not supposed to hurt not supposed to hurt oh I say but it does not supposed to hurt when the plantation cops need to crap out of you either next time you go in 70 miles an hour But it will this is sports radio 560 Q a Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer and you're listening to it It's over weekday afternoon to two sports radio 560 Q a Or I think I'm gonna start talking sports. Maybe we'll take a week and I'll just talk sports for one week and see if we can search for One color that has any clue what they're talking about just amazing to me Just an ongoing just words just for me Baba Baba Baba and like George Sidney to break to be said it's baby crap And that's that's the exact expression to use for baby crap like all these people calling in like this is something that's meaningful in anybody's life Who showed up at the White House yesterday not to the Iraqi ambassador show up to see if we're gonna Avoid a war over there not if the president's lawyer showed up to see if he's gonna want to be the pizza But did all of the Marlon show up there at the White House yesterday this is important Virginia Miami hello Yes, sir. Hey, I got a question for you. Yeah, um, talk about your anniversary 22 years in the business. Yes. It's you know I was arguing some antics with the friend of mine It's not really the opinionary to answer. I mean it's facts somewhere you when you were bought out Yeah, you're contract. Yeah, we were I doing that I was saying you were unemployed He was saying you were still employed by the people first I wasn't unemployed. I was being paid to a qualification I wasn't unemployed. Oh, I mean we were like I said arguing semantics you were you weren't working. Yeah, right That was basically what's what's the point? What's the difference is to make what you call it? I'd like to be unemployed like that to rest in my life So what's unemployed? You were employed. Let's understand again. I was not unemployed I was employed. I just didn't have to show off. I got to check. I can't pick up a check every week You can't be unemployed and get paid. Well, no, did they consider that employed? Oh my gosh Absolutely really? Yes, well, I figured it was something like a great day pal. Oh my god Oh the world is coming to an end with that call right there That's it. That's the end I actually had a feeling for about an hour and a half today that we were gonna make it today That we really were gonna have a show. We're gonna have some real-easivity do do some real-a-people on this phone Forget it. I mean talk about get a life Well, it's really semantic. Yeah, some antics people have argued semantics are people in desperate search of a life Here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir Good old story when I first came down here right out of college to become a school teacher I went downtown Miami and I crossed the street there and came on out and as I came on across the street again It was a cop there. Yeah, I need said you Jay walk in and I said Jay walking and he pointed to sign out sure enough There's a science as they walking so I said okay. Well, I like it just give me second So I let me see a license. I saw him walking on my drive and you don't need to see my license He says is this your car? I said yeah, but I'm a driving and he says well, it's part that expire meter I said Okay, I think you need to take a for that so he did meet that take a for Jay walking He said you cross the street when you went in. I said yeah, he says okay, so it gave me two Jay walking tickets Then he gave me an expired meter ticket then he gave me a ticket because there was a note There was a construction sign next to the car and he gave me a ticket for parking a restricted zone and then He says I refused to give my driver's license to give me a ticket for no license Handcraft me Have my car towed and take me to jail went to court a couple of days later The judge read the thing called me up call the cop He said that the cop you said first of all you're gonna pay for his car that you towed Secondly, you're gonna reimburse him for his time and if I ever see you coming to my court with this kind of crab again I'm gonna get you off the force Great great story sir Congratulations don't do it again. Okay. How do you like that? See that that cop was one of those tricks that I'm talking about it gets into what so we can grow beat people and there are plenty of those if you're visiting If you're one of the snowboards down here in your tune in today by accident wondering what it's all about This is what this town is all about okay. It's a bunch of dead people walking around but you dead people driving It's a bunch of people have moved and they move their looks a lot. They don't say too much They don't have an opinion about anything and yet somehow I've survived 22 years in the midst of all of this how is that possible? How in God's name is that possible man? Oh, man. I was thinking about that the other day thinking about survive in 22 years with a bunch of deadheads and the minute that a kid That thought came to my mind. I pooped my pants. Oh, God. I just let loose 22 years of frustration of trying to Coerce a force People to like say something have an opinion get some get some passion There is no passion. That's the thing that is lacking in this town is passion that doesn't exist Here's a mobile in for a lot of Dale. Hello. Yeah, sir. Hey, you may ask cops. Sorry for that Yeah, coconut creek feeding. All right. I'm going up lying's road See felt on three or four miles an hour to see the two motorcycle cops one of them shoot this thing I ain't think nothing else at one of them all of a sudden I look at my real vehicle path I'm looking my review one of them's behind me. What right though? So he pulls me over. I asked him as to what I don't how fast were you going? About three or four over three or four miles over this pavement. So let me finish So he says the tent on your windshield extends too far down the windshield I should go away to the opposite and you get this it's factory kid It comes from the factory that way it's inside the flag. Oh, so he writes me a ticket I think it's for what for what was it? Because your thing is too long Yeah, the thing was too long so he writes me a ticket. I'll never get a ticket for that Oh, then now listen to this not only do I have to pay the ticket, but I have to bring the car to coconut creek DD to prove that I complied with Oh, I got to go get I got to go put a new windshield in the car. Oh my god. I swear to God There you go. I rest my case pal in closing and your pain is salariel. Yeah, sir in closing. Yes. Okay. Let's take a boy and beach. Hello It's going pretty good The people I don't envy your position these people have been sitting here God knows why I forgot about a half an hour waiting for you It got with six minutes in six seconds. I was Freight fish there. What the hell was he talking about? I haven't got any idea. Oh, I think he was talking about Mark force set I sure you got I was gonna hang up after him, but I'm sure I thought I was it Short time for our force it I love for our force it's not now. I used to put anyway One of the members of the city actually she got beat up by that intruder that time with a spray remember and she tied them up and put him in the fire place What was the name of that movie George? But that was a good movie Exit到底 She's not good. He's not good. He's not good now. He's not well. He beat the crap out of her. hockey Yeah, yeah, sir. I played college hockey love hockey unfortunately a Ranger fan Glent a few other things south floor. I moved down here, but two years ago now you're talking borne from Boston I'm not a little bit It's terrible here and my amy is the armpit of the United States The worst place to be south beach a bunch of weirdos down there a bunch of drug addicts But almost yours. Yeah muscle bond posing fact. Yeah, and these cars with the matchbox wheels It's thick out 10 feet and the shorts down in the middle of their ass crack right? Religion is another thing. Yeah, I'm a first time call a last time call because I don't have time to call you But I want to get it you more things off with you. Go ahead religion I totally agree with you. I laughed in the car. It is the biggest on your craft Yeah, the Bible is a fictional story I can see the guys writing the Bible way back when all drunk around the table laughing right so in storage Well, I mean people have been inventing gods in the side of those captain going out since the beginning of time And anybody anybody who's got even a tiny ability to think for himself or herself knows that and would just laugh at this crap But the sad part of it is that people don't want to think you get chastised That's why if you say anything today Anyway, I would be told women out there. Okay. I had a heterosexual I love women, but Women power bullsh**k going on right now. What the hell is that all about okay? Antipel. Okay, so crap and I just he didn't little worked up. I left him on there, but you know Bull crap is right sir. Be a can't say shot you can take one, but you can't say it because this is American after Just like the things that brought up about the t-shirt, please got almost no response to about that See you people are so conditioned. I mean the cop who called Friday was right about that We want a condition you to doing fill in the blank to be nice and obedient and whatever it is We're gonna condition you even if you shouldn't have to be doing this We're gonna condition you to doing this because we decided that you can't wear a t-shirt that says this and you can have a bumper sticker that says that here's a mobile and sunrise hello Hey Neil, how are you doing today great? You know what takes us all off meal is the fact that you have these tops working over time by the saw grass No, he's supposed to stick that 50 cents in those at Oakland Park in commercial and they get you if you don't stick the 50 cents in the little hole there These cops are working on old teeth This is the most amazing thing that a cop is getting paid to even do these things Well, listen pay the 50 cents and cut the crap. You know what that reminds me of oh? I think it was yesterday. I should have brought it and there was a letter to the editor from some old fart You're telling was an old fart by the nature to letter Here's guy was complaining because he had gotten a ticket He went through the toll booth like it the turnpiker somewhere and they are almost stuck up in a year and the green light was stuck in the on position So he just goes through he doesn't put it in his 50 cents is 75 cents because the green light is on and then He's belly can then he gets a ticket well guess what pal just because the leather thing is stuck does mean it's an invitation to just go right through You asshole. What it was a free day. Yeah, right it's like that that salad dressing free I'll never forget that if I live to be 500 and I didn't make this up. It's a true goddamn story Seven years ago. I mean my public show that it's got to be like four or five years ago And this old bag is in front of me in line and of course He's making a big to do she got like six items on there and here Everyone is a big oh how much is this bad I beat by the book and then the girl takes you know the the bottle of a crap salad Wrestling and puts it through the scanner there and a woman to wait a minute What'd you do that for and we should grow closer to what do you make it says right on the bottle free Fat free you stupid old disgusting obnoxious idiotic I mean God a fucking bitch free so I didn't you get 20 or 30 of them by the way Only in Florida baby only in this town only where the living people are really dead masquerading This is sports radio In San Francisco Maiami Fort Tree Oh That's a boring, rich young leadership. For that I've either checked in my orders. Right? I could assure you I know what's best for you. Good, man, all Christians, try to run our lives. With that bold and their mouth on dry day night. Good little Christians, you ain't their halo around. And power is having power on the two third fry. People good, and old Christians, ain't watching all their kids. Relay Fulls even every time I choose. Want to see my two-day sweet house. Noble Ratisfaction, Say All Men, Don't Just To Go. Mid-west Miss and entreies check from the Togo Research company. They're marketing too Good little Christian For giving his birthday That's why they never have to tell the crew Good little Christian Howdy, do you say it for what? They like to spot Ben Schwing and she goes down Stood in our Christian Throw taking our brothers From brings a fire in the depths of hell Fire those young brains Or oh, no situation It's not a thing of every fire You've got the millenth and the devil rays Oh my god, the devil rays And remember all those young who's in Tampa when they first the big so And there's another example of how sanity prevailed Something as marginal as baseball as a game And these young who's over there We're having a nervous breakdown about the name They were going to boycott the team and they were going to force them to change the name And guess what they didn't force them to change the name And they're still a goddamn Tampa devil rays And because they're an expansion team Maybe they'll be a team that maybe the marlins can compete with who knows But there you go, another example of narrow minded people Oh, you can't say that Well, guess what they did that's right on the uniform It's a devil rays that devil made him do it Just like this bat just leader who said the devil made him do it The Reverend Henry Lyons and battle leader of all the nations largest religious groups Which charged Wednesday with transgressions generally associated with mobsters Rather than clergyman Recatiring in Grand Chef State prosecutors charged Lyons 55 of the same Peter's word All the devil did make him do it With engaging in a systematic scheme to steal at least $330,000 from several organizations and corporations Including the anti-deformation league of Jewish group Oh, I shouldn't be talking about that this guy's black Sorry, see you met that that's that racist thing and they come out again Put it back in okay, I'll put it back in Just like when I was talking about the the soccer game time up all the traffic There were some assholes calling it. Oh, that's a racial thing Monty, if it was a mile I wouldn't give a crap where they were from okay Take your soccer and blow it out your ass If it was all the Dutch team on their time up the highway Then unless of course they were handing out free weed Because they got much better weed than the Jamaican Oh, yeah, they do. Here's a pay full in for a lot of Dale. Hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir I'm nothing browned and I got the other red and just to go along with somebody education friend The one of their main headlines today how to do about that they have an equivalency test If you can't pass classes in school and they grated them wrong So 67 or so peak pupils who didn't pass got notified that they were passed They don't want to hurt these kids stealing right so they pass They take care of their personal Social promotion baby, that's what it that's what it'd be all about. We don't want to hurt nobody's feelings They don't want people in school when they're 45 years old Right, but there's so much people who are grading They probably failed at two man. They didn't just you know another line of succession Thanks for the good news sir. The dummy of America like I told you and here We got a bunch of bright kids who are like honor students many of them And oh, yeah, let's have more rested because we don't like this pamphlet they wrote that was probably very you know was bizarre and off the wall I still haven't seen it Robert Stein back saw it and like he said he was ready to write a skating hospital a column attacking those kids And how grotesque this stuff was and irresponsible and he saw it and he said hey, someone was pretty amusing And what's the big similar and cut the crap and don't be putting no kids in jail They got guns if they were you know doing a home aberrant stuff Then put their ass in jail They're disrupting the goddamn class then kick them out of school and suspended them and expel them But don't know as long as they don't say anything. We don't like then we'll just keep passing them right along there and give me diploma See and I like I said we're going to all the syracial talk here today and now that I look at this thing And of course this is my initial instinct anyway It's not a racial issue I mean there's a lot of racial tensions a kill and high and they've had a lot of problems over the last several years with the race at kill and high But that's not what this is all about and that's what people are turning it into including assholes like our title bomb at the idea This man I'm going to tell you our title bomb to me is just beyond description This town is got about a handful of people and every time some issue comes up they go to Bob Cunston or our title bomb Or some of these same old tired hacks that are hanging around this town making a lifelong career of being Ojan per vacaturum And that's basically all they are Oh, yes, this is very provocative and it's way beyond the line. We better investigate investigate what what the hell is there to investigate The revenge of the nerves. I mean in a bunch of cartoons in here Five with us when we close to take some hour to kick in the Vibe repell and you see the story on that so now that and this is a true story People are going to say I'm making this up they're getting together the group of doctors and Pfizer and whoever else and they're going to have a wafer For Insta within just a matter of minutes what you do is seriously I'm not making this up you put the wafer in your mouth you suck on it for just a short time and it gets bigger And you have to go to your priest for that. I didn't say that kind of a wafer And I didn't say who was going to be sucking on what okay? I said you suck on it for a little while and it gets bigger and then getting back to the Vibe Okay, here's the fact that his Peter Bolder is a number one first class flaming asshole Well, we do that and a liar and a bullcraft artist and a known nothing and a corporate ass sucker and a real piece of turd That's right. We don't want the Lord's will show us they answer right you and Harry penis and Walter Sable have a great time It was all jingles in the John Ford two by the way throw him in there throw him in the mix. Here's coral geobals hello. Yes, sir. How you doing great. Maybe you want to hear how they run the Vatican into? Yes Okay, actually this could be just go go down as the Roman version of the OJ Simpson incident. They went down at the Vatican. Yeah, there's a fact in the church. Yeah, this guy that was murdered was the Our house is from Switzerland and he became he was assigned to pay before the highest officer for the Vatican army. Yeah, and that was his first time that the man he's telling is which car Yeah, it came because of the ranking officer, but the weird thing about this whole situation was his wife I'm going to be from Venezuela also was killed and there was a young officer maybe 2223 also found in the and the melee So And actually all year the war three people killed so about that killed by whom? But they don't know yet. Yes, it is Okay, well he's gone. Why don't you tell us who was the newly appointed dog down at Captain. I'm going to check both. I'll handle all of the Swiss guards the newly appointed one the one that tried to save the Pope when the Last attempt on it right and it was newly appointed one of the other Well, that was on CNN right now. They're showing the Pope and the show in this window And there's that there's the Harvey Oswald on what's Jack Rubie. Yeah, and one of the other Swiss guards been apparently had a problem. Oh, we seem zero ray Oh, here's Rome. I know where that is right there. That's right by the Spanish steps There's a Roma that wasn't at the Vatican. That was right by the Spanish steps that scene anyway go ahead And there's Elvara, Kano killed the newly appointed captain see and his wife. Yeah, I'm in shot himself for what I guess he didn't like the guy or maybe God told Why don't we hear about this we got my story here with these ratings coming up is the big and you're telling me about some Swiss guards over there in a guy. I don't care about it. I'll go about a conno and a bunch of crazy going over there in a Vatican like that's a new story Is that something new crazy Graham and a Vatican? Oh, come on. Where you fudge back and start looking Oh People are watching They're y blue and do Something They're not gonna talk in, not not to look at But I ain't looking to smell just a little too much That bottle little too slow It's not what it just so little too long But by this bonus I feel been on the storm And he's got a really big trouble trout No gold or queen if they let it out And that a really big trouble trout A fish in bubble He's got a really big trouble trout That bottle little too slow and shouts He's got a really big trouble trout A fish in bubble Oh right I've really seen some of the most He's doing information in the history of my life I may have to blow my brains out He's somebody else's He's got a really big trouble trout I am speechless Sam our promotion man was just in here And he said let me take a look at the picture of Enrique in the magazine And he was looking at the picture saying he looks pretty good He was telling me the story about when I was on one of my many trips During the seven months that I was doing the limbo rock between stations And Enrique's concert was coming up at the Miami Arena Which I was also on a tour of the weekend that it took place No, we're very distraught about that But the first time that they called the house my mother was at the house dog sitting And I thought it was Enrique's secretary The girl from the office who called And because George said the mayor and Enrique called the house Offering you tickets to the concert and but I beat by the blue part of the month Come to find out that he was there were on a speaker phone And that his secretary made him place the call But he was sitting there listening And when my mother was at cancer the phone He was too embarrassed to say well you know he didn't know what to say How come he just didn't say That was a surprised I am so psychotic at this point in my life I don't what I just don't think I can continue Go home Really And George is sitting there and for all the knocking that he's done of Enrique He's like I would like to be him You'd like to be him Yeah Yeah So you'd like to be him specifically You'd like to know him Oh you said you'd like to be him Don't try to retract it now Mr You'd like to be him You'd like to be in his body I would be in his body either Could maintain my sexuality But what does that mean? Are you saying that Enrique has some kind of a fruit cake? He's Latino. He's a real Latin man Okay, he likes anything that feels better Standard Like I said Believe me We have an open line in date 567560 and Pond 560 on the mobile one line So I missed that blue my chance Baby I blew it Here's Cooper City hello Hello Yes sir Yeah, I mean I mean I didn't even download right And I'm really listening to your read if he's a lady for one time He got two names for no one There's only one personality on the show We don't do names You know? Sir, I'm listening. Are you listening to what I'm saying? I'm sorry, I didn't even wait for it Well the only way to hear what I'm saying is to stop talking and listen I said we don't do names on this show There's only one celebrity on the show and you're talking to him Oh okay, okay All right, guess the chat is ours It is ours Man, I think when you read a station is so dumb Man, you need to stop those freer in the new read a station All right And get a life So this is the number one show in town Sir, I have five by a million miles Number one Number one in town I'm not a creative station, right? What? I listen to read a station, right? What radio station? 1170 in the FM So, so the money you're listening to So what do you listen to? As patients Are you being not sir? Are you being held hostage? Is somebody holding you hostage? Did you need to ask the police right now? You need to go out to the radio station Somebody forcing you to listen right now This is the man you need to check out your radio station You need to ask the police right now And the other person in the station Is somebody forcing you to listen No, I mean The wire is not written Why are you there? Then turn on a station you like, okay? Or better yet get on a banana boat and go back where you came from All right? Yeah, mom, thank you Another geek One of our kind of a little brown car he drives Here's a mobile in higher leo, hello Hello? Yes, I am Hi, Neil How are you? I was listening to you were saying that women don't call Well, I didn't say that I said women don't listen And they also don't call But they don't listen I have a lot of friends that they must be in the closet I'm back to call I'm not I'm not going to tell you I love your show Good for you And all my friends listen let me tell you Thank God Oh, by the way let me tell you something I'm not a tag Doesn't for it late I want to say that those guys are always in there in a tag Yeah I want to say don or you're a tag I think he he used to be a boy scout Yeah He probably stuck something on his record Because he surely is like a tag to me Okay, well, do it every time especially if it's a corn tub Oh, boy No, they told me you was a boy scout You know what they say about boys scout You know what you know and you I guess I don't direct them You know in recate glaciers Yeah, he does look nice Yeah, he does look nice. Let's go over and see him I don't know you today Okay, sweetheart Bye bye Well, there you go We got a nice lady there in Highly She's dying to get out of that place But of course they won't let her out And thank God we have no poverty Remember that letter I read that day about no corruption And no poverty in Highly And that was one of those god people Another one of those crazy god people But most religious nuts Peddling bull crap Let me say it again There's a thousand people living in Vatican There's like four or five million people living in Rome There's only a thousand people living in Vatican Including the Pope and all those boyfriends And it's a country It's a country And they got their own little army there They got the swish guard with their little dresses And their cute little outfits That's right They have to you know they have to swing the right way In order to get in that outfit You know what I'm talking about They have to swing just exactly the right way He's not stuck in the church No, they're all busy at the Vatican City They're not in the church They're all busy at the Vatican You know catering to the needs of all those guys in their dresses How is it possible that there are still people So stupid that they're lending tangible Tangible to support to corrupt horse crap like that Is it ever gonna end? Oh, here's Miami, hello Mill, yes sir How you doing? I'm doing Carlos New listener first time call When is the as Carlos? How you doing buddy Great I was talking, yeah I heard you talking about education And all that stuff you know I'm from Jersey you know Well they don't have any areas Well it's a lot better than down here Yeah I mean you know the teacher Except for the ratios about what? 35 kids per teacher Yeah I mean that's like a real bummer Yeah well we're too busy building stadiums Carlos We don't care about no education I guess not agree with not a place for kids Or people about an education It's a place for people over the age of 100 Who want to go to early bird dinners And a place for people that are like wing With a bald head by a geek That's all That's what nobody will have And that's what this place is Is it an outdoor funeral parlor car Right Haven't you been here long enough to finger that out? Oh my god Did you be right there? Right there there there there there there there is pleasant But other than that this place is the end of the universe This is hell This is a frigacter right Right This is where you go just before they send you to threatened Holy sh** Right Yeah Ha ha ha Ha ha ha You know if this If this yellow button were seated any lower in here I certainly hope it did work that time Didn't a joke Joe Joe Mama Joe's out to eating pizza I'll just say that this this dump button is seated so low in here That even if you push down on it with all the might of an hairy elephant I it you really can't be sure if it's doing anything We don't want to get George Corso involved because we know he's very very busy Fixing bob McHaze hairpiece Wake up with the first piece Joe wrote it Jeff the part of the fee go to eat we feed orange and sex Only on sports radio 560 You a Amp The Rogers guy No No No No God No No No No Let me want to be the same guy black American face needs in the jeep right now See what I'll do No No No No Oh Oh And Take a case who hate the gays and guys who hate what they're like They're all gentle Little bit not air You only do because I try and you think it's not just fine It's tough to never score on this day How long is funny over you keep kids my ass out the rug We've done this watch show Okay Then we're watching Jerry Spring Every day Can't wait for Jerry Tuesday Boy, they fight spring We got on the show On the turn But you're free To be on the ground We got on the ground We love Jerry Spring Because he's beaten the crap out of that scarcer bro That's why we learn it Not because he's black because he's talentless because he's bland and she's boring And she's poisoning the minds and making the women of America into a Tomatons Oh reading a bunch of dumb books But other than that So he's got a crappy show with a bunch of trailer trash Okay, see the first one to do that? No At least his people aren't killing each other anybody else yet No How much any Jones? How's Jenny doing by the way? Wait, won't see her no more So anyway Greg Reed was just on here with Bruce Beasley The Beasley Reed connection was in here And it were like shaking my hand and pumping it in Oh man I had to change my underwear three times during that commercial break But that was nice That was an ice gesture Because at least with Bruce Beasley I felt like he was sincere Great numbers And thank you Thank you for coming here and doing it to such a mediocre place Well with Greg Reed, it's like, you know, keep scratching that spot Nice, alright Let's see if the chest clear and animal proceed from there How George's bonus coming by the way? Yeah, you'll see that real soon Hey, look one of these days You know what's going to happen? I'm sure this is what's going to happen And I'm not going to be real pleased about that But I mean if I have to, it's, you know, I might all light down it Not from you, get in a weekend here And then I'll give you a big bonus Here's like worth or him, like worth, hello Mr. Rogers Yes sir I think the word you're looking for is Franco phobia Franco phobia, no that's not the word I'm looking for Yeah, that is the word you're right I thought that was Spaniards who wanted to give it a francob Well, only for people to travel Okay I would like to talk to you today about why this is such a pure technical country Yes sir, take all the time you want Okay, we are with very few people know or think about We are the only Protestant sectarian country in the world And the Protestant sects in the state of fact in the church Yeah, exactly The Protestant sects in this country, yeah, the Baptist The Protestant sects That's a lot more on Oh, sects Yeah, the sects Yeah, they differ from the church religions of Europe The church religions of Europe are usually state-related They're hierarchical You're supposed to obey the bishop or the priest or whatever you're supposed to obey the Bible By the R02 God Yeah But these religions in Europe, even original sin that people in institutions are inherently inferior And they shouldn't get down out of shape when they do something wrong Because that's just the way they are Now the Protestant sects in this country Or congregational, they're not hierarchical Yeah, the hierarchical Okay, yeah The priest is an employee of the church You're supposed to read the Bible and make up your own mind about it And whatever you make up your mind out to be, you're morally obligated to carry it out But probably the most important thing here is They don't even like our French guy that likes little kids that are Franco pedophile Go ahead, I'm sorry They don't believe me I'm just trying to spice up what is a, you know, high end view and I'll good intentions But it's common to see you normally say It's a probability, yeah Yeah They don't have a reasonable sin So what does the point of all of this though? I mean, it's obviously you're preaching the choir here of what's what's the point Well, they believe in a perfect ability The people religious people here believe in perfect ability that you must not send Yeah Yeah And this man accepts itself in all kinds of ways in our society Well, thank God we've got a president who's straight in them all out, thank you What the, how was he talking about? Man, he was from Lake Worth, well that's splendid He was talking about hierarchical crap But he was right, Franco phobia I like that, Franco phobia That's like Franco Americans spaghetti Here's Kendall, hello Neil, yes or? He's doing great I'm a 22 year old male and I'm a little disappointed in the younger females in this town Not being one of the main groups listening to your show So to get them these girls back I want to sing a quick excerpt from the Titanic song in this Spanish Okay, okay, got a note And me swannios Te veo te siento As he has come out and me I'll say Croando espacios Igualo To Venice, I'll be my second Persona muriel moquí Cerca Lefos Estes sombes Thank you And I'm kind of like, oh my god Quickly, I want to ask you The new canters are renaught but they can have a shloi mees in there Yes, okay, great, thanks a lot Oh yeah And a scoogans too We have an open line in day that was special One at I'm a you get a little firmer Oh, here we go Where's that? Where's the what number is that? I love that bit of what which show one is that on You're the one I'm talking about Yeah, you don't like that one? Yes, great I love it It's called sit and so long Sit and I sit Sit and so long is the one You're free to go You're the only answer to cruise ship I never got lucky in a cruise ship I'm the only person who never got lucky in a cruise ship And every night at the same of my I want you I see you Oh I see in that false thing Twenty nine I've been a little too drunk Well just popcorn It's crazy It's so long I got nowhere to depend That's exactly what I can't remember All right, now First time I saw it I'm not a sin My search has been I'm just a sin That could be The thing is once I was nowhere to depend I've been sitting so long I've got to realize the size of two hours I can't wait for the jurors to get to come now I can't wait for the movie to end So I can watch it again And again And again And again And again I've got one I've got one From my double My search has been My total pervolved legs To the empty pool And again Not to the close I can't And again And again My play to full My behold And again So my love will go on And now Who have will go on My country is not what I can't believe it's not the bottom of our country I can't stand it I have a feeling I'm going to be Dip it in some fish food soon What? What are you going like that for? What a tie Yeah I'll show you a Mr. Hot Shot Not as quick Oh I got to tell you a great story about that 1973 I'm working at WSPB in Sarasota And my landlord was this kind of like I would say From 45 to 50 is kind of a nerdy guy He was okay And he was just a little on the eccentric side And he kept every time I get into any kind of conversation And he was just going to start talking about that I'm not worried about dying Because they're coming up with all these great cures for everything And by the time I'm in my 70s Don't have a people who live forever Guess what He did He's dead All right Full day A lot of you Mr. You're dead See yeah That's right When they dig his ass up I'll probably be living back there in Sarasota And hey, how are you doing back? He cares for a lot of Dale Hello Yes sir Yes I am I hope you could elaborate on something first Yes sir Glory holes Yeah Is it Well, no, come on you're asking me like you guys don't know Like glory holes are Oh yeah, but glory holes Yeah You throw it out so fast that we don't know the proper What it's pertain to is it Polls in the star walls or is it the one Or is it holes in your one? Is it someone's butt hole Well that could be a part of it that would be inside the glory hole But both of them could be pertain to as one such I'm glory hole I mean the hole is the hole If you got to see the whole thing you know I'm talking about The whole picture Right the whole picture You got to you got to get your pneumatic drill And you got to drill a hole in at the Mahagari and that hard wood and at cement whatever is in I said cement for the tea And that's a glory hole All right, so it doesn't matter what you're looking at on the other side Right Right it could be somebody sitting Or a lot And it rhymes with sitting right That's right All right, they all have played we cleared that up Okay, I hope you find a good one All right Yeah Like they don't know what a glory hole is right We know what you do it in your spare time You're looking for the glory hole Right And like I said that they do glory holes in ladies' restrooms Something to think about Wonder if anybody ever got a tongue cut in the glory hole Huh Well you remember Ellie Brecker brought in that tongue in a package that day Maybe they're just trying to pass Some lunch Maybe that's what the guys are trying to do too Oh god, now he's going to come up with these two-state jokes Let's go need to cut the crap stop it Stop it right now, please Okay, here's a mobile in High-Eliah Hello Hello, yes sir I'm doing great I'm listening I'm 30 years old for you I'm trying to size Uncircum size Yes sir Okay Can I talk about NLFX? Yes Am I see? Okay I have a girlfriend, Q1 And she tried once she loved it That once she tried I'd put her in a friend Get up till mine You know, with spurs That's what you call it And you don't like it at all Can we get women from the mini camera probably put a weekend's Q1 especially They're into that Soft on my chin Not much central American deaf one It's a table But Q1 put a weekend the mini kids They loved it They had the big bucks It's for something They use it All right All right Thanks for the good news Congratulations on the big number Thank you so much And thank you for your big numbers too Hey, you know it All right Hello, the L-C-I Yeah, see all you people are wondering why she would have women have those big fat round asses now you understand Round and firm and fully packed Underlined of course the fully packed part I mean, are we going to go back in this again? Were you fudge back in? No way Not this girl Oh man How do we get started on that? That one poor innocent guy Oh, don't a small awful dirty down there Oh, yeah I don't know You tell me All you hit a sexual macho guys You tell me what it smells down Down by the old rectum Tell me I don't know anything I mean you Yeah, I believe you lie locks Oh man, it must be like the middle of almost the middle of me I bet you the lie locks and the tulips are really blooming like up in Rochester now At Cobb's Hill and Durantees been parked Oh, yeah Just like a beautiful woman rectum So anyway, this story about father Rudge We've got to get into this tomorrow I have a lot of time on father James Porter One good thing Think about this He didn't discriminate He liked little girls and little boys He liked the alarm sound He spread it around He looked back in the church Think about father Porter He didn't discriminate We don't like no priest who discriminated And it says he had a manic obsession for sex with young children for the three years that he was there No child was safe It seemed that he was everywhere In his office he forced his fingers Between the legs of eight year old girls In the classrooms he handed out Slobbering birthday kisses Pushing his tongue into the mouths of ten year old boys As the uninsured jarred of her to derives In other words, look the other way While somebody in the background whispered There's no fact in the church Huh, here's a lady in Miami, hello Hello Yes, man Hi, I'm calling because my boyfriend says that you have a table of OJ Explain about the murders Yeah I was just wanting to play that for me Yes, I can Thank you And have a great day Can I ask you a question while I'm looking for it? Sure Do you, uh, I don't want to get to a personal Do you enjoy anal sex? No, I don't Okay, thank you You're welcome Oh My Group Lulu Oh Lulu Occasionally Sometimes there's no police You Ligivi Sometimes there's no way Oh She told me one of the cop Ele YH I'm not going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. I'm going to do that. What was you trying to say? I'm going to do that. Hello. Hello. You're always talking about black people. You're always talking about religion. You're going to be so sh**. I guess we'll be doing that tomorrow. This is Port Radio 560 QAM. This guy had a bomb. And so soon he had been woody. He had a lot of cheese and chom. And he had so much cheese and make a roundy filled with half. And woody cherries with cheese and chom. And the same. So pie is hot head. And yeah. Yeah. Hot head is breaking. Yeah. Hot head is good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What is got? Yeah my father. Doesn't know drawing would go to the in the rain. But the rain scared me. So, we'll go back to day-to-day. Oh! Most of the things we've got, Marlene, on its throne. No fun and heaven is your soul. See, that's another thing. I always complain we don't have enough jails. We don't have enough prisons in the US. As a higher percentage of its population in jail or prison, any other so-called civilized country in the world. Well, if they'd let all the people out who are like in there for, you know, they haven't a few joints. All the people are in prison for victimless crimes. If they put them all out, we'd have plenty of them. We wouldn't have to waste any more money, build them more prisons. And if they would keep them in there, like that rumors come back, they'd let out a couple weeks or not, they'd have to get hockey guy, not him, different rumors with two M's. The guy that, you know, that went to the electronics store and off the couple of people, a couple of kids, because his probation officer, I'd have to have the of a workload and she just has a habit of letting everybody just on loose, but we don't have any serious commitment to her. There is no serious commitment. We don't care about this. And as long as they leave us alone, like Howard Beale said, as long as it isn't us, we don't give a flying crap. There's a lady mobile and Western, hello. Hi, good morning, Neil. Where does this? I got a few things to comment on. Okay. Number one, only in America, does this happen? Okay, don't say a crap again. Okay. Number two, this kid is old enough to be tried as an adult. You will be, but he's not old enough to go for the death penalty. Let's go figure. And that last thing which will bring us smile to your face and you'll try to crack out. This is medical news that just broke out. For all the women who are PM-assin, the gynecologist came out with something. So they won't get clamped. He puts a battery in the box of, they're going to be sold by box. And they're going to be sold by box. And they're going to be sold by box. It's a vibrating tampon. Oh, right. I've seen that. They're waiting for activated approval. In fact, the fact, Jeff Cohen is going to be first in line to get him. I first wipe either. I just fell off the couch and the news reported days. But now we're going to have a bunch of women walking around town with the vibrator there. Well, you think you were falling off the couch. Now, just wait till the comes out. I know we're going to have a lot of car accidents. They're going to ditch their husband and they're going to be ragging for the whole month. At least to keep him busy in the car anyway. Have a great day, sweetheart. Thanks. Bye-bye. Can't you just see that? All the crazy things that people do in cars now. How about a pencil thin anal vibrator with every new car? Sure, make Jeff Cohen happy. He's happy to be doing those pencil thin rectum vibrators. And he's a straightest in arrow while on him. We got a trailer apart. Like I told you the story a couple days ago, about the woman in Walgreens, with the two little kids running around. I mean, just crashing the place, just destroying ripping stuff off registers, and just opening up all kinds of crap and throwing it on the floor oblivious. So when you turn on shows like you're spreading, you think, boy, they're sure going to run out of that trailer apart trash pretty soon. They'll probably don't worry. There's an endless supply because they're reproducing like rabbits. And the meantime here in Miami, they're doing acid attacks on abortion clinics. That's what we'd be doing because we love those teetises. With those people, by the way, are the same ones, the right wingers who are hysterical about abortions, the same ones who are the gun lovers, and the same ones who don't keep a flying crap about the kids that got murdered yesterday, or any of the kids once they're born, they're fetus huggers. They're hugging their gun with one hand, and they're hugging their fetus with the other. But don't shoot it. Here's a lady in Kendall. Hello. Hey, I'll go kneel. Yes, man. Finally, honey, after three years of trying to get you. Well, here I am. I know that. I haven't had no podline in three years. And in Kendall too, honey. Wow. Yeah, I'm living in the Kendall area. I'm still trying to figure out where to help on that. Yeah. Yeah. We'll send you a roadmap. I know I need one. Any compass? I know I have some trying to tell you. Why don't you run this road? An appensal to an anal vibrator from the people. Exactly. Oh, hi. I would love that. All right. That's right. And... I'm calling you to give it thumbs up. That's right. That's right. That's right. I'll take it. Let's see. I did go eight my bi-B. I just thought like I had to say that. I'm just killing you to tell me. Sounds like it. But if you're a dirty or a trash, you want to stop by it a weekend. It's good stuff for the holiday. We'll come on in for baby. All right. Hey, don't take something. I would take care of you. I've got an empty room here. I think this lady's got the really good. Yeah. That's right. Oh, God. I need that. I haven't sh**ed three weeks. Oh, the best call in the history of the human race. Not just of this show. Not just talk radio. That was the best phone call. Even Alexander Graham Schwartz will be impressed with that. That's good. Oh, God. I need a good laugh. It pains me. Here's a mobile and coralspraying. Hello. Hey, Neil. God. I just learned a great. Uh, Jeff Bush is... Speaking of the first time I've heard of this. It's not a good laugh. It's a good laugh. I just learned a great. Uh, Jeff Bush is speaking in my son's elementary school today. Oh, God. I sent it to the court. Oh, God. Exactly. Get those cards ready. Yeah. I sent in the class with a question. Uh, because my son will probably get to ask this question. I said it when you become, or if you become leader, you know, governor of the state of Florida. And we all leave you out. Are you going to make abortions illegal? Yeah. So we have a conversation about abortions and what it is in this and that. We're kind of ruckus. You think it's going to cause some messy. Oh, boy. All right. You went to read the papers because my son will probably ask the question. Yeah. And, uh, it'll be some kind of file. I'll get a letter home today with him or something. I'll get one thing to do this. One thing about Jeff Bush. He makes daddy look like a raving liberal. Oh, he's unbelievable. Yeah. It is. And he will become the next governor here unless we do something. We have to get it. Get up. Get active and say, don't vote for this guy. He's a bad news. Amen. And, uh, as far as the Marlins, I haven't taken my son to a baseball game in two years. I've not been to Blockbuster video in two years. And my family knows that Wayne Eisenhower is a bad man. Okay. And that's it. Have a great day. Very good. Thanks. Yeah. You should teach all your kids that. Okay. If you want to teach him good and evil stuff like that, forget about God and the devil. If you want to teach him good show of my picture, even though it's ugly. And if you want to teach him bad show of his way in Wayne's picture, I've got at least a better complexion. And a little more here. Mobile and highly. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I'm doing the Marginal. It's a marginal Monday man. You're okay. I'm going to call you bring my two cents in about the anal thing. Yeah. My wife loves it. And then I don't consider myself gay just because I like to give it to her. Yeah. You don't consider yourself gay. No. No. But the way you say that like somebody might. Are you fudge back in? Yeah. I'm not fudge back in. I want to. Yeah. But you know, you had a couple of guys saying that you're gay. If you'd like to give it to a woman in the rectum. That's what I heard. Anybody that's in the will rectum is a faggin. That's a fag thing. Well, we like to make perform all on ourselves in the rectum. Hello. I'm listening. No, no, no. Why would I do that? No, no, just because you're just me. Just won't forget to the meat of the matter. I'm going to cut you off. Yes. In fact, Dr. Mark was just and he said, no, he said that that's the outgoing slot. He said no more anal sex. He just gave that order for all the people in San Florida. No, no, no, no, no. Okay. Maybe one more time. Maybe one more. Just this one last time. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Can you do one more thing for me, Neil? Sure. My wife is the first time I make her listen to you. Yeah. She's never heard back by. Okay. How did I know that? So now he's got on the anal sex. Now he's trying to move on to bigger and better things. Okay. I got out of here. You're a lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Yeah. You're concerned about anal sex. Well, you're a bit. I've been dating this guy for two years. Yeah. And he's continually expressed his preference through. He continues to express his anal. He's doing his anal sex. You know that. I thought that would be for dogs. He continues to express his preference for us to do it. And I'm a bit concerned that he might be bisexual because he meets kind of weird. It's a fact. I'm realizing that they say popular and I can get out of the woods as popular. Well, in other words, your objection wasn't that you thought it might be painful around comfortable. Well, that is wrong. I've never done it before. Well, don't do it. Don't do it. No, no, no. But it's the issue. Don't go caving in just because it's the popular thing to do. Well, what a line that is. No, no. But I mean, I just go right. I'm like, well, why would somebody want to do something like that? I have no idea. Because I guess whatever whole, you know, comes in handy is a whole for them, I guess. I guess it is. Well, I mean, I've been hearing for years. All these people screaming to me. You're a budge packer and I don't even do that. I mean, if I did, I'd be the first to tell you. But it's supposed to be a spagot to be a budge packer. And we're finding out these last two, three weeks here. It's all the straight guys that are packing in the FLM's candy for your holiday. Well, they could themselves, right? You know, I'm kind of doing this. Call them to help. But you can call yourself editing. I can tell you why I'd be black too. That don't need to make me work. Don't do it sweetheart. I ain't going to do it. I hate to do it. I hate to do it. Thank you. Have a great day. Have a big sign there. No rear entry. Okay. What you're laughing about? Well, I don't want to be accused of being on your hair promoting anal sex, which I'm not. You think that it was painful when a doctor was in who would I need or which it wasn't really badly like yanked it out. In fact, all you women out there. That's what it's really bad when they yank it out. Correct. Oh, whoo. Not too fast. Just, just be careful. That's all I'm telling you. Okay. That's just the best advice I can possibly give you. Just be a little on a cautious side. And it would seem to me that of all the timing and the world at this time when we've got these, all these diseases going around, not just age, but we've got every other kind of disease that's ever been invented. Because God works in the serious ways, these pretty pissed off, that all of a sudden people want to encourage anal sex, which it seems to me that even, what would it be number one? Needles, dirty needles or anal sex? No question. Anal sex. There you go. For spreading HIV. Okay. Number one in the universe. We're number one. Yeah. And all you guys out there, course you're not on a receiving end. In what we're hearing about. What we're hearing about. But how about if that girl friend, if the Mrs. has a surprise waiting for you, huh? That's right. God only knows what's been in that. Back to him. Here's a four-letter deal. Hello? Yes, sir. Hey, that's me. How you doing? Pretty good. Well, I've been listening to you for a long time. I just wanted to call the table. I'm getting out of this rat hole. All right. I'm not sure if we're a guy at the least. It's got the setability and it's getting out. Where you going? I'm actually don't laugh. I'm moving to Alaska. Like I said. Oh, I like it a lot up there. Why do you like it? What do you like about it? You know, I work up there as a commercial fisherman. And I'm actually, if everything works out right, I'm going to do wildlife enforcement laws. Oh, she's like wildlife, huh? Well, you know, it's nice. It's clean. It's good. Yeah. Like wildlife, too. That's why I go to Amsterdam. Yeah. You know, I've listened to this anal sex stuff for the past couple of weeks. I think I had, yeah, I know. I live in San Francisco for nine years. Oh, no shock to you. I haven't heard anyone talk about the wonderful thing that a rim job actually is. Oh, God. I heard about those rim jobs. Oh, God. Ever, good luck, pal. Hey, thanks a lot. I have a great life. Okay. That's what I heard about each and every one of those rim jobs. They stuck. This is sports radio, 560 WQAM. A Neil Roger show, sports radio, 560. 2A. And. I had some real hard ones, but small ones. In record, this fine line. Ooh, I was so grateful to fly. I had run a long list of traction. I can't see anything. It's good. Ooh, now it's long and wide. But now it's way too good. It's close, it's good. It's heavy and side too, but I'm. World now it's too long. Oh, God. Why did you? Why did you? Why did you? Why did you? Why did you? Why did you? Why did you? Why did you? Why did you? Why did you? Why did you? I think it's a little bit. I think it's a little bit. I think it's a little bit. I think it's a little bit. I think it's a little bit. I think it's a little bit. I got a great book. This is actually a book you can buy here. I would assume. You like it. These books like that, you know, the farewell to God that tumbled in book. You have to call Canada. You have to do this. And this book, I'm sure, could actually buy here. Hollywood censored by Gregory D. Black. Morality codes, Catholics, and the movies. I picked this up and I left you and I said this book is for me. God, Janet. This is exactly what I've been talking about. See, what I don't understand is how come when the Pope comes here? Isn't this the Pope a Catholic? Huh? How come when he goes to Cuba? He comes here? How come that's a big story? How come when some Hindu bastard comes? You think it's like two seconds on the news? How come when some old Jew comes here? They get like 15 seconds on the news. But everywhere the Pope goes and he's like, I hate to break the news to you. The Catholics are not a majority in the world. I won't say anywhere in the world because unfortunately Latin America, or the reproducing like rabbits, yes they do happen to be a majority. A big majority, that's the idea. In Italy they think the majority are the majority, but still most of the people. And by the way, I found out also from another young Catholic in Italy. Guess what? You know, all those people, all those Getskis that Sunday Massive the Vatican, 80% of them are Americans. Tourista. Yeah, 95% of them are tourists to begin with. But 80% of them are Americans, Democrats who got this religious thing hanging around the head of the guy in the Malvatros. And the Italians, they're given the old, the Italians salute. They're given the Bafangula's, what they're given them. And rightfully so. But you know, I'm reading this book about the Catholic Church and about the Catholic league of Decent-See and all of a sudden the crap. And I'm thinking to myself as I'm reading it, who the hell are they to dictate what to help belongs in the movies around the air or any other guy damn thing for everybody. They don't want to just dictate for themselves to their own lemings and little sheep that come along. They've been doing that for centuries with that book list they got, you know, with all the band books, like, uh, grapes of raw stuff like that. They figured that was Jewish. But they're running around, telling everybody in the goddamn world, and they're on my noority. Buddhist put them to shame for Christ's sake. And thank God while I was gone, we didn't have no religious insanity in the world. Thank God for that. That, you know, crazy countries like Indian Pakistan were testing nuclear weapons while I was gone. Thank the Lord for that. We had an important crap going on in this station. The Marlins were losing every day. Uh-huh. Right. Got all this good stuff in here in this great, great book which ought to be going out and getting it, Hollywood censored by Gregory D. Black. And by the way, the thing I was looking for before it's called the index liberal and pro-hibitoryum. But you like that. Pro-hibitoryum, excuse me. A list of band publications, this has been going on for centuries, centuries in which the Catholic Church has been banning books and giving a list of band publications to their lending to their sheep to their followers, to their goose deppers. Catholic said one time another have been forbidden to read Dante's The Divine Comedy, fieldings, Tom Jones, Flalbert's Man and Wolf Rie, Hawthorne's The Scarlet Letter, Victor Hugo's Layma Zerob and Mornier's Don Juan. The list was wide-ranging and brought together under a heading of a mixture of political philosophers, all deemed dangerous to Catholic minds. Confucius Lenin, Vladimir, not John that is, John Locke, John Stuart Mill, Thomas Payne, John Jacques Rosso, Trotsky and Voltaire. The list of forbidden volumes represented the world's great seminal ideals and philosophy, economics and social theory, contemporary novelist on the list included John Dost Passos, Theodore Dries, or William Faulkner, Ernest Hemingway, and Sid Clare Lewis, all those companies to bathe their study like that. And you ask those, continue going there and lending them your tangible support and they keep telling you, why they don't want the members of their flock to read that material, because then they might be able to use their brain. They don't want to expose to any other kind of ideas except the craft, except the horsemen or that they're brainwashing in their minds. And of course we see it again today. Oh, so, you know, we have all these horrible things when I was school kids killing each other. So it must be because the movies, it's the Jews that are making those movies in Hollywood. That's what they were saying back in the 30s in this book by the way. Viralent anti-Semitism that made Hitler look like a, like a, like a, but a breath member. That's how anti-Semitic the church was then and guess what they still are. And they got plenty of company like Dr. Kennedy up there at Carole Bridge Presbyterian Church with his Viralent anti-Semitism. And I'm reading the same stuff that I'm reading in the book that was said back in the 30s about those Jews, those movie makers, those the generous. And by the way, Dr. Kennedy, one of your musicians in the Coral Bridge Presbyterian Church is a saga. Oh, no. Yeah, I got it on firsthand information. Here's a, nobody cares about that. Crap, here's a mobile and I'll go to Chobi. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. How are you? I'm Budlo, Budlo is what I feel like saying. I'm a Julio and I heard you're a tapes last week and it was all about anal and anal and anal. Yeah. Down me all wound up over the weekend. How bad? And how, how, how married to a Julio? And I heard you get that work. Yeah. That too. And I heard over the weekend, I mean over the last week to tapes. I'm not saying that they don't like to do it. It's true. They're not into it heavily, but given the right conditions, you know, I kind of like that. They get into it. And you kind of have to take it. You know, you can't expect it every time. It'll have to let the face it. I mean, Cuba, limit of all of a bit of the world. What a waste of a big asset would be. You know what I'm saying? I'm going to commend this waste of a gigantic round. Back to this amazing volupptuous, you know, circular pattern with a big brown eye wink and edge. And you know, you cannot help but get wanting to go in there. Really? You're a, you know, the exploration party. Well, follow later. Maybe. You never know. With a flashlight. And like I said, so. Anybody in there we know. Never met anyone. And the thing is, you know, who we asked will give it up once in a while. And they'd be like, you know, whatever the barometric pressure right away. I like I said, the Pope has definitely acknowledged why I was in Italy. He was making the speech of the Sunday sermon that people were like just peeing all over themselves because the Pope said, Neil is right, aimless the best. Oh, he actually acknowledged. Yes, he did. But he would like to give him a receipt both. Oh, there you go. I mean, I don't like to receive. I never tried it. I don't think I will. But if your woman, you know, gets it up on to the wild. Take a for one at the first thing that the, the Bishop's teach the altar boys is that giving is the, the art of giving is what it's all about. But the art of receiving aid to bed either. When my wife gets it up, I just say I take a accepted as a precious gift from heaven. There you go. And you know, I bless you my child. Just so forced. If you know what I mean exactly. Have a nice look at it. And back to it. Oh, leave it to that little pervert. George, I heard Spirey Ports about this is that he was playing all kinds of things all week and long about. Back to on and on and on. That was by popular demand. Yeah, right week, the whole week. They're demanding it and from the son of it, they're getting it and liking it. By the way, very important thing that almost forgot about speaking of I agro do not do not ever get it up. Pop of I agro just before you go check out a glory hole. Okay. Why? Well, that's I'd be that high. Just that's our poll question of the day. I mean P O L E, that's our poll question today. Anybody ever get stuck in a glory hole. Huh. Well, then I certainly you've read about couples were the man in the woman have gotten stuck. No. Yeah, man in a woman. Yes, man in a dog. No, a man in a woman. Man and a woman. Yes. Get stuck. No. Yes. See, you're in denial. We could this again, and they have to call them a pyramid because the mental emotional contraction and expansion and whatever. I'm not going to draw you a guy named Dyer for him, but the same thing with this glory hole business. You know, sometimes there are guys usually they overestimate their own prowess, but once in a blue moon, they underestimate. And they take a look at that little hole that some pervert is drilled in there at home depot, with a drill that we certainly hope he bought in store. That's at least you can do at least his paper-knife with the guy named Sturph. You got a dick around in their men's room. Hope he didn't put it back on the shelf. What about the drill? But at any rate, so you know, you look at that hole in the beginning. It looks like it's going to be large enough to mess around with whoever's on the other side. And then all of a sudden, oh my God, is that expansion begins with it. If I aggro kicks in, you got a real major problem. But hey, Goldberg Show, you'll support radio. 560's, you a half-for job. Oh, John. Well, when he was alive back in 1489, he was a little guy who stood four foot five, kind of round and facing with a couple of kids, and he was in charge of the Vatican. Hope John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Both fires. John. He's seen the folks as priests to get married back in. His friend's a bunny round to their offspring and kids. So the factors at the Vatican, they narrowed his sin, and he's not posed a problem for us as has been in him. Hope John. The scatula secret he didn't confess was that he was a pregnant girl under that dress back then. They all dressed in drags and healthy. They've hit because of anyone found out he'd lose the game. Hope John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, fire, John. One Wendy's day is dressed new up as a dozen. It's someone else. Hey, that guy has no son. And like Marilyn Monroe is curfewed high, and everyone knew it was the end of the line for Hope John. And Paris didn't worry. And the bank would go broke. The Vatican chimneys bounced out. Holy smokes from the history. Spend doctors had this arrayed. Not long after they had the street name. Your flings would go John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, fire, John. They're buried in her her out of public view. And a tomb held together with Scotch taping blue. These viewers are written on his tomb. We pray that everybody will forget about you. Hope John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. Oh, fire, John. Oh, John. Oh, John. In 1992, Roger Mahoney, Roman Catholic Cardinal of Los Angeles, told the Hollywood Anti-Pornography Coalition that the motion picture industry was in a salt against the values held by the vast majority of the people in American society. This is a Roman Catholic Cardinal, by the way, of Los Angeles. The movie industry he may take could not continue to hide behind a misplaced cry for freedom of expression to curb the excessive sex and violence in current films. Mahoney called for the re-institution of the Hollywood production code, which had ruled the American film industry from its adoption 1930 until it was replaced in 1966 by the current rating system. Industry officials expressed this may at this play to censor the movies. Not just for Catholics, but for everybody, whether you like it or not. Cardinal Mahoney's call for a modern crusade against the movies with no surprise to Hollywood. In 1930, another Catholic priest father Daniel Lord, what a name, huh? That's almost like, oh god, father Daniel Lord, believe that the movies were corrupting American moral values to counter the influence of a moral movie. He wrote a movie code that prohibited films from glorifying criminals, gangsters, adulterers, and prostitutes. Lord's code, which soon became the Bible of the production band, new to the excessive violence, white slavery, illegal drugs, misogination, lustful kissing, suggestive postures, and profanity from the screen. However, one further than simply banning things from films, his code also held at films should promote the institutions of marriage and home to defend the fairness of government, and present religious institutions with reverence. I guess he didn't see the movie priest, huh? Do you think he saw? Uh-huh. A basic premise of the code was that movies did not enjoy the same freedom of expression as the printed word of theatrical performances. The most democratic of our forms had to be regulated, Lord argued, because movies cut across all social, economic, political, and educational boundaries attracting millions of people to with theaters every week in order to protect the masses from the evil influence of the movies. They had to be censored. Oh, the evil Jew propaganda is who are filling the people's minds with the truth. I mean, with crap, with what life was really all about. And let me see it again. Who the hell is the goddamn Catholic Church or these isolated factories to be running around, dictating morality, whatever you can see and watch, etc. What, I mean, are we out of our minds that this has been going on for like 100 years? Uh-huh. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Yeah, hello. Yes, sir. Well, Mr. Rogers, I guess I'm one of your religious paleontologists taking in with you. Just tell you that neither the Protestant nor the Catholic Church teaches what to say about sex and the church. Yeah, yeah, wrong. Oh, all I'd like to say. Sir, let me ask you this. If the Catholic Church doesn't teach what I'm saying, that sex is for appropriation purposes only. If the Catholic Church doesn't teach that, then how come the Catholic Church won't marry people who are incapable of having sex of consumating the marriage? How come they won't marry those people? Because. Because. The Catholic Church, a recognized and the fact is just one part of the total triumph of the church. Okay. And what if somebody is impudent? What if somebody is a quadruplegic? Somebody who cares incapable of consummating his marriage vows and having sex? Does that mean that the church should make those people live in misery? Well, I know plenty of Protestant churches. That's not something about Protestant churches. You're no Protestant, you're a Catholic. I'm actually a fiscal wolf. Well, that's even worse. Well, I'd like to say to you that I don't think it's a accurate that the Catholic Church teaches that only that sex is only to make children, okay? Absolutely wrong, sir. After all, I will bring in proof positive tomorrow. I will read you from this book which is written by a very firm Catholic. I will guarantee it beyond a shadow about those of the teachings of the Catholic Church. Well, so George is getting psychotic Hispanics calling off the earhole. Very upset about the Catholic comments I made today. All religions are both crap, but the Catholic Church has got a special place. That's right. There are some religions that are both crap, but they're just basically benign, but the Catholic Church is malignant. Malignant. And if you want to be a sheep, if you want to believe this crap, this bull crap that's being taught you by a bunch of silly old men and dresses, then be my guess, or by a bunch of silly old bull likes who look like penguins on a bad day. Do you have any kind of a mind and kind of a brain just a little tiny one? No, oh, I'm sorry. Excuse me. But you've got to keep reproducing and don't forget, no sex. If you're not going to be making lots of babies, okay? You're what I'm saying? Oh, because we don't want to get ill pop up this stuff. Because that's when he starts making sure that the weed that is going around is really bad. Really rotten to the core like him. You want the good weed, you better just put making all the hanky pecky. Just go back in your house and make babies like Martha Jean the Queen said in Detroit in 1967 when he was burned in the city down. That's what the Pope keeps telling all these poor celebrities all over the third world. Go make babies, go make babies. That's right. And then we got all the fetus huggers running around spreading their thing. They love that fetus. Oh, by the way, my special commendation to what's the guy's name that asshole on channel 4. Dave, one that's always out there with the aty. Oh, what the hell is his name? Somebody will, you don't know. Yesterday they had that story about the woman that stood in front of the railroad train on the tracks and got killed. You didn't see that story. Didn't make the papers today. I didn't see it. This was on the six o'clock news last night. Dave Nelson is at the guy in channel 4. Another brilliant question. He's talking to one of the cops who's investigating this thing. And there was also a fetus on the tracks, okay? So it was like they think that he just did their recommended suicide. And it's like two people are dead because of the fetus. And Dave Nelson says, uh, any idea how old the fetus was. Now, I want you to keep in mind, okay? This is a woman and a fetus who have just been run over by a railroad train. Big old, two, two train, okay? Anybody ever ride on a two-two train? Uh-huh. Yeah. Any idea how old it was? That's almost like Larry King asking that poor girl who's a boyfriend. It just been shot and murdered up there in Oregon. Uh, yeah, you're going to be at the funeral tomorrow. No, stupid. I'm going to have an assail at pennies ass. So I'm going out to buy me a dress. What? Dave Stanley. Thank you whoever called. Thank you for refusely. Here's Boca. Hello. Yes, sir. You know, for some products. Okay. Are you? Great. I love to show, uh, I said to say, what's up with the people on our land. Those days, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, actually, we can put, uh, a protesting, uh, Disney and gay and Barnes and Noble on our list. What's with the religion? I mean, it's seriously people are craving. Yeah, that's right. You just said it. We asked you to returical questions. Well, yeah, they are crazy. That's right. I just, religion is just a justification for hatred. That's all this. It's a legitimization of hatreds. Whatever they might be. I believe you 100% have this idea. I wanted to do the so about next mixed. I'm going to go up there and put this. I want to go up there and put what? What's the clown suit? Put us, um, you know, and like make them feel really stupid. Of course, then they'll pop the Bible and leave that me and say, uh, no, you're wrong. You're going to go. First of all, let me ask you. Don't they understand all those religionists? Those right wingers that they're not welcome in Disney world anyway? That's a date. Clump you more on. That's right. They're not welcome there. Okay. Boca, pal. You're 2000. When you get my friend, we'll fight you this. We're going to start a new call. And, uh, you know, get 10,000 people of membership. That a specific extra, extra $1,000. Which should get $1,000. Do it on the internet manual. Have a special gift. Do it on the internet manual. Have a million by the end of the week. You got, okay. Good luck. God bless you. There you go. There's a junior. We have an open line in Broward. 567. You had the smoke, your pot, and suck your whatever it was. Whatever that was, he was thought, that was good. That was excellence. After your horse. Oh, F. My horse? I didn't do no horse. I'm not a one. There were a lot of heterosexual people over there doing horses. You know, those hookers and the windows and the red light district. Lots and lots. Didn't do no horse or hate to break the news to you. And if I did, I'd probably come back and you'd like a list. Was he over there doing people? Is that what he was in? Oh, no. Here's a mobile and candle. Hello. Hey, new item. Congratulations. On one. On your reach. On my race. Yeah, my way. I'm going to go on. Yeah, my game is roll, second time, Carter. Yes, I'm talking to you again. Yes. I'm a Christian. I'm a Christian. What does that mean? You're a Christian. Christian, I don't believe in a lot of things that our Catholic people do. Like the Virgin Mary. Ah, et cetera. Uh-huh. And I'm a Cuban. I don't like giving it to the butt. And I sure love eating pussy. Okay, great. Okay, another cat lover for you. And he's a Christian. Well, that's so what it's all about. He's a Christian, baby. And he said he loves. See, is what he said. What do you can't say that on here, Kenya? I mean, James Bond. Pussy Galori could say that, but you can't see what he said. But he's a good Christian and he's a holi, oh, what do you want? He's a maniac. He's got a happy, he's hot blooded. It's in his blood, baby. This way, to those blood test results come in, roll, you're in big trouble. Hey, Captain, with no score. Learning a 10, so the last 10 and weeknight. Only on Sports Radio 550, QAL. Second in and holding. Oh! That's what we were looking at. That's what we were looking at. Ha ha. Oh. I'm taking his watch out. I'm buying up a day. And taking. With the other half out. I'll go down the rails. I'm buying another song. That's something I can't do. But roll, you can get my time. I'm buying up a day. I think the head was back up down, I got a face I like the other soul Now show the light down to me, boy Shopping tonight, good morning Don't miss us, do you know us? Shopping tonight, good morning I use MasterCard, I use the Visa card I use the Scurber card, I use the debit card I find a saleman, I want to find a bargain I find a bargain, I want to buy more Orange a чи por 150? Shallors out as well, I find another soul Now show the light down to me, boy It gets clear out, I find another soul I find a gamble, desire to learn that. I find another soul am a loser saying I buy the another soul there and rock it me down to me, boy did they make a second Andre Craig Oh my god Oh my, dad Travis Nah This is a shocking moment for me. I'll tell you to get out the crying towel. People stacked in the church. This just then, this morning it was announced in Rome that Pope John Paul the second is accepted by resignation as Bishop of Palm Beach in the court with canon 412. This news release, this is the Bishop Joseph Keith Simon, the second Bishop of Palm Beach's resignation, sent to the Vatican this morning. I am grateful to the Holy Father for his paternal concern for me and for this church of Palm Beach, which I've been privileged to serve for a year's and for having appointed Bishop Robert and Lynch and Episolic Administrator of the Diocese. As painful as it is for me and will be for others, I feel it important to make public the reason for my resignation. This was actually in the church. Early in my 40 years of priestly ministry, I was involved in inappropriate sexual behavior with minors. Realizing the gravity of my past actions, I have been succeeding years trying to live my promises of celibacy and chastity, and have immersed myself in my ministry as priest and as bishop. In other words, Father O'Fool, God. I have prayed each day for these persons in their family, but it is a memory for where the witch I have lived for far too long. I apologize to all whom I have heard in any way, and if by the section they might be scribbered to all, emotional and psychological, competent and distant, we've done this painful moment for the church and for me they proved to be beneficial, but let's not hold our breath. If you can find it in your heart to pray for me, I seek those prayers and I shall be comforted by them. If you can find it in your heart also to forgive my fiddens of the past, I shall be grateful. At some of the time, I hope the people of God and the church of Palm Beach will be able to appreciate what I have attempted to accomplish while serving as your bishop. As I take leave of you, I express my heartfelt gratitude to the priest, the deacon, the seminarians, the religious and the altar boys, of course, and lady, who have collaborated with me in building the local church into a vibrant, caring, diocestant family. May God grant us every needed grace at this moment and throughout the months ahead, says Bishop Joseph Keith Simon in his cheerful resignation to a holy father enrolled this morning. Don't forget, this was a fact we've been in the church. Oh, right. So anyway, how do you like that? Another one of those isolated incidents. God, I can't get over that. Another child molesting priest can't be true, can it? No, of course not. We're propaganded from those atheist backters in the media. And all priests of my anatomy, to say to God, a leader, I got so more else to be, she says, Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Oh, right. Yeah. Well, of course, when most of the conflicts in the world, there are two basic things. Two basic things that cause conflict in the world. And for example, if you look in the middle east and you look at that territory, it's not so much a question like in Jerusalem. It's not a question of whether it belongs to this one or belongs to that one. The question is you've got, you've got the Muslims, you've got the Jews and you've got the Christians and to them they all think that that's their city because that's all their holy, they're thing. So, you know, it's insanity. More people are killed every year in the name of religion. You've got the people bombing the abortion clinics in the plant parenthood clinics. You've got people thrown the chemical crap in the in the mailboxes. These people are insane. They're out of their minds about people breeding unnecessarily because of religion. Right. Because the pulp is running around and telling them to make more babies. So we have more starvation of course. I mean, why should we have to waste their time documenting it? It goes without saying. I don't think I have so we're living. Huh? I don't think religion is the nine and that's kind of it. It's malignant and have a great day. My malignant friend. We have an open line and day one and a prior. That's why I'm talking about it. I mean, if it weren't even worth talking about it, if everybody left each other alone, I don't give a crap what you believe. If you want to believe in little green men on Mars, more power to you, who gives a crap. But when people use this garbage well, the Bible says this and about who the hell wrote that crap? Are you out of your mind? Are you crazy? Are you nuts? The Bible says man, oh man, how many times was it translated and twisted and manipulated? And in addition to which cool to hell wrote it like this book, I'm talking about today. Women's sexuality in the Catholic Church is it just the coincidence that God created Adam is it just the coincidence that men wrote this these bubble license? He didn't butter creating a woman of course because a woman is like an underling or a hundred dog. Whatever the hell that word is. So will you have a bunch of silly old men wrote this self-serving crap? And then finally in 1920 in this country like what is that only 70 years ago, women finally got to write to vote? Huh, and then don't forget about those good old slaves and all the other bull crap. And that people, while the Bible says don't you understand your parents 20 out say to closet the two fairy two? Do you believe in them? Oh, okay, at least you're consistent. Here's your field be chill out. Well, Neil the Bible says the way to the center of death. Yeah, and you have a wicked blasphemous broadcast. And well, get what? I love to ask you something. Are you going to die if you're even a liver ever? I look forever. You're living in your life. You're you. You're gonna be after you die. Where are you going to be? I'm going to have a word. Where's that? Well, it's the opposite of where you're going to be. Don't tell me where I'm going. I'm not. I'm not going to go. I'm going to go. Let's go about what's going on in heaven. Let's hear about what's going on in heaven. Sir, what's going on in heaven? Sir, what's going on in heaven? What's going on there? We won't be burning up in the lake of fire. What are you? No, don't tell me what you want to do in Lake of fire. What are you going to be doing? We're in heaven. What are you going to be doing up there, sir? Sir, what are you going to be doing? And he just keeps repeating the wages of sin or dead. The way just over and over. Hell, Mary, holy mother. Good. Blessed our families. Let's say a bunch of hell Mary is okay to save this poor son of a bit. Oh, he's not a Catholic. Sorry. I take it back. Just by the time I mean, that was like sent from heaven immediately. If not soon or I get to respond to them looking for from another one of these brain-washed idiots like a parrot. Just, you know, you can teach a minor bird or a parrot. But that's just repeat the same crap over and over again. So that's our poll question today. How many whole hell Mary's does it take to keep your ass out of hell? That's our question today. How many hell Mary's do you have to say to save your God-dammy turnl soul? You're going to be burdened by Lake of fire. Yeah, that isn't that great loving God again that we're talking about? That great God-dam loving God whose wrath shall wax hot. But God is perfect. He can't have any wrath. All of those are your, you just shut up. The Lord thy God is a jealous God. Now shall have the one of the God. How can he be jealous of these perfect? Oh, stop. He's entitled. He's God. He can do whatever the hell he wants. He's hell God. Right. Oh, man. I mean, you're talking about people so God-damned dumb that it's pathetic. A fetus has got more intelligence than these people who had whatever brain power they had at births, sat from their bodies, just sucked right out of their bodies. Oh, there we go. Talk about sucking again. Well, hey, it's a work. I know that the Lord even loves Neorodges. Here's my me, Lake. Hello. Yeah, I was doing pretty good, sir. Okay. I believe in God. Not because I'm brainwashed this, that there's no explanation for everything that exists out here. So they have to be something out there that has to be something out there. Yeah, God. What do you mean out there? Oh God. I mean, what is God? What is God? A spiritual being that. Oh, man. What do you mean spiritual being? Why does God have to be spiritual? Sir. I can't really answer that. Oh. But I mean, that has to be an explanation for all. So in other words, God is, and how come God doesn't get rid of the devil? Because that's to be good and evil. Why? It's about everything out. Oh, it doesn't. In other words, cancer and bubonic plague and all these other diseases balance everything out. Oh, is this? And murder and mayhem and wars and nuclear weapons balances everything out. Why didn't God create paradise? Because the world can't be perfect. Why? If God was perfect, and he created it, then it's that it's that what you said is like, God, and in terms for us, like, God was perfect. Oh, all the believers will tell you, God is perfect. He's omniscient. He's omniscient. He knows everything. He can do everything. That's God. That's the God of the golem and the Jews. I mean, it's kind of funny to me to people call up and argue with you about God and the church, but they know you're native. Yes, well, they still, they still listen to you. Yeah. That's what I don't understand. If you're going to, if you're going to be an odd to someone, why are you listening to their program, maybe? Because there's a part of them that that loves it. They love it. There's a part of their mind where they can't let it sink in, but there's also a part of them where they know it's the God damn truth. Oh, sorry. Okay. Okay. God bless you, my child. Okay. He's out there. He's out there somewhere out there. Is it up there? Is it down there? Oh, we know we're going to be burning in that lake of hell. Because the wrath of God shall wax hot. He is pissed. Oh, he's not pissed at the devil. He's not pissed about all these diseases. In fact, it's God that's always been flipping all these, the the famines and the plagues of the locust and the plagues of this and the flood until everybody on the face of the earth. Because he was pissed off. God's can't get pissed off only people. I've received that pump for sticker. God don't get pissed off. Only people get pissed off. As in guns, though, yeah, you know how to do it. We have an open line in day five, six, seven, five, sixty, five, sixty. I mean, a bunch of silly old archaic geckys wrote this crap thousands of years ago to try somehow as Here's a guideline for how we should be a little bit less barbaric. So here's a bunch of parables. Here's a bunch of bubble micees, okay? And now we got thousands of years later. People taking this crap literally and trying to interpret it. Oh, yeah. Well, this is a, yeah, must have been this and it must have been Noah. Yeah, must have been a mess on it. God damn arc. How the hell could they had a shovel big enough to clean up all of it on at our car? Man, you got to a village, you got tigers, you got leper, you got panthers. Maybe even Kirk Muller was in a, I'm at arc. We can only pray and don't come back. Here's a mobile and Ivy League. So, yes, Neil. Yes, sir. Did you ever see a picture of Jesus Christ's smile? I mean, if he had to, if you were burning on a cross and had nails in your hands, you would be a smile. Oh, there's pictures before the cross. This is the way I call. Oh, what do you mean there's pictures? Well, there's, you see pictures of Jesus Christ and before he got on the cross. He's not smiling. I mean, if I had to, we had to have my, we're going to go. Those pictures come from when were they drawn drawn by people who believe, but when, but whenever, whatever, would they ever drawing smiling? They're ever drawing happy. Anyway, that's not why I call that when I win them. But that's what this book is all about about women's sexuality and the Catholic church. The book is about the fact that Jesus was joyless. He was just hostility to pleasure. And again, it goes on about the fact that his mother couldn't, she had to be a virgin or a hymn and had to be intact because Jesus never experienced any pleasure in his life. I'd say it's because you knew what's in heaven. Anyway, Neil, I have, maybe the spice girls were in heaven. Maybe, listen, these baseball games are going to hurt your ratings. So I have a suggestion. Yeah. You go on with joy, angel and take calls between batterers and durings. Yeah. And I think it's a great idea because there's going to be lots of 15 changes. And you know, there's, I bet there's some good looking bad boys playing for the marins this year. So, you know, you get guilty birds and one of those. Excellent. Let me go with time. You're pretty good. We have an open line of date 560560 on the AT&T Wireless line. Here's Carl Springs. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Here's the upside to the whole marlins issue. Yes. The cops finally have a team they know they compete. Yeah. How about Arizona? Well, there's the other upside. Yeah. So now you got two upside. Arizona's one like what? Six or seven games against the marlins this year. If only one like maybe 15 or 16 of you and almost half of them against Florida. And I have one other question. Yeah. Jesus didn't have sex when he was married. Is that correct? When he was married, when Jesus married. Well, to Mary. Jesus was married to his mother. Oh, you mama. Get out of here. You're too bastard. How do you like that? Jesus was married to his mama. The wondering wasn't having sex. He was trying to be a good boy. Maybe talking about Mary Magdalene that hokey. That hooker while, yeah. Jesus did not experience pleasure. Don't you know, I'm going to have to read this whole guy there. Book to you, Mr. He ate Jewish food. Like I said, he ate a lot of stale moths is what he ate. That was that's why it was the last supper. He said, He's sped the guy there. That's right. Jesus was thoroughly lust free, joyily, joyless, redeemer free from any kind of sin free from any kind of sensual pleasure. Okay. Although Jesus was called a glutton and a tippler by his enemies, how do you like that? That's from Luke 734. And he certainly was not involved in the last and lowest form of human pleasure. Sexual pleasure. That's right. This is a coordinated ruling of the district court of Hamburg, Germany in 1981. In a case where they convicted an author for insulting religious creeds and affronting church institutions. And a great fashion of freedom, Hamburg, Germany. Jesus' hostility to pleasure had implications first of all for the married life of his mother. Before his birthday, it laid down conditions from Mary's being allowed to become his mother. According to the teaching of the church, Jesus would have taken no pleasure at all in the whole process of redemption. He would not have become man to begin with, or he would have looked for another mother if Mary had taken pleasure in very more children beside himself. Jesus was explained by Pope Syriqius in the fourth century who claimed that in such an event, Jesus would not have accepted Mary as his mother. Jesus would not have chosen birth from a virgin, had even forced to look upon her, and as so unrestrained as to let that womb from which the body of the Lord was fashioned, the hall of the eternal king be stained by the presence of male seed. There we go with that fine Cuban seed again. How do you like that? And this was not just the personal opinion of an individual Pope as proved by the Catholic dogmatic theologian Michael Schmouse, who says that with his assertion Syriqius was bearing witness to the unanimous teaching of the Catholic church. No hanky panky, no stain of a giant, no broken huff, buster hymon, none of that got it because sex is evil and it's so dirty, which is why God created it in the first place because he likes tempting man all the time, because of course being omniscient he knows what you're going to do, so he likes watching you screw up because it's all part of a big grand plan. Here's a lady mobile in Miami, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. How are you? Great. Is that guy in any other what? Which one? Mary, Mary. He was Mary de Mary, Mary de Mama. What an idiot. I just wanted to say I think this is all revolving around money. I grew up in a Catholic church. I went to school on my life at Catholic school and the minute that you turn away from doing the money, you're not going to preach anything about God or Mary, whatever. Right. So you're out? Oh, man. I've been out. All right. Congratulations sweetheart. All right. And God bless you. You too. Okay. There you go. She's out. She got rid of the bullcraft. She said this is a big scam. It's a big business. By the way, anybody here about that bishop from Palm Beach resigned because he was molested in little chaos out by the way. What? Got an update. He's out of town already. Yeah. They gave him a head start before they released that. Oh, they put him in the head start program. So we'll give you a 10-mile head start and then we'll chase you rest down. He's gone. The bishop from Palm Beach, who this morning, he turned in his cheerful resignation to the ill-popian role. He'd be God. Bishop Joseph Keith Simon's no less. That's right. Today in Rome, who's announced that Bishop Joseph Keith Simon's second bishop of Palm Beach has resigned in Bishop Robert and Lynch has been appointed for an apostolic administrator of the Dyesby's of Palm Beach and he released his cheerful statement which I read earlier. I'm not really. I'm which I'll repeat only one part. You says I feel it's important to make public the reason for my resignation. Early in my 40 years of preachly ministry, I was involved in inappropriate sexual behavior with minors, not coal minors, but minors, little kid, little boy, little girl. Realizing the gravity of my past actions, I've been succeeding years, tried to live my promises of telemacy and chance to be, and if immersed myself in my ministry is a present and Bishop and audio spray well, he's gone. There's no fact in the church. Oh, that's what the father said. It's not just Neil Rogers on a radio trying to make the Catholic church look bad. This is a major worldwide epidemic of the way you're not on it. How far in it? Oh, the way. Oh, my girlfriend absolutely loves it. Really? Where you fudge back in? Yes, I am. She, as a matter of fact, probably 80% of the sex we have ends up with the final deposit. You know what I mean? That's great. She says that she likes to carry it around with her and actually, like a souvenir. She says a lot cheaper than a rocket or I'll tell you that. And there's a lot less leakage that way. Right. If you know what I mean? Excellent. And also, I want to talk about the day subject, the religion thing. Yeah. I definitely believe in God. I'm like that guy to call the couple callers ago. I mean, what's the sense in, you know, alienating yourself if he does exist? And that's called hedging your bets. Well, exactly. That's not real belief. That's saying, well, just in case maybe, okay, I'll say that I believe this crap. What do you pick the wrong one? Yeah, right. Well, there are some things that have happened over the years. Not that I'm an expert on it. But I have, you know, heard of some things that sort of imply that there is a higher being. Yeah, those kids that just got shot in Oregon and those tornadoes that just eliminate that whole town in South Dakota. Things like that. You know, I'm with you in terms of religion. It's a bridge of AIDS to Berkelosus. Right. I mean, organized religion to me is nothing but a for profit scam. Yeah. That's all it is. And the capital. Let me say it again. If there is a God, why doesn't he eliminate again? Because by anybody's definition, any religions God is nipatin. In other words, he's all powerful. He can control everything. Okay. You can do whatever he wants. Why doesn't he eliminate the devil? Hey, you know, those people and why was God so disappointed? Since he's on mission and knows everything ahead of time. And knows how it's got to turn out. Why in the Bible was he so disappointed with the way that man was behaving. That he had a drown everybody and put Noah and these old slippers on on this arc and kill everybody else. He knew ahead of time. I was going to turn out why. Why would you tempt somebody if you know ahead of time? What their choice is going to be. I agree with you, totally. I mean, that's the million dollar question. And this crap about money give man free will. There's no such thing as free will. If you're on mission, you don't all ahead of time. What choice man is going to make. So he created all these pitfalls. He created the devil and then he just sits back and lets it all go on while he's wrapping a hot with his wax doesn't quite seem like the way they're represented. If you look at the Catholic church though, you know, in particular, you can go to any city anywhere in the world and the most expensive or some of the most expensive real estate in that town or the city. Right. We'll be owned by the Catholic church. Of course. Guaranteed. Right. I mean, that that religion has so many holes in it that it's ridiculous that even the shroud of terrain don't have as many holes in it. I was thinking of holes. I just wanted to let you know that the heterosexual community is alive and well and we are loving it. All right. Thanks. Keep it up pal. So to speak. Okay. They're doing it man. That ain't a lot. Maybe the map was a good idea. Now watch out for that analicate though. Oh, God. In fact, that's what they told me when I was over in Rome. Those couple days we were in Rome and I said, well, there's a pope to busy for a personal visit today for personal audience. And they said, oh, no, he's visiting the purgine effect. We're going to say, what's he doing up there? And I said, pack and fudge. What? Purgine is a very outstanding and the Italians are famous for their candy. They love their fudge. This is sports radio 560 WQAM Miami Fort Waterdale. Thank you for calling to put ball hotline. Oh, baby. Hold me. Oh, yes. That's it. I'd love your legal use of hands. Oh, complete a pass to my wide receiver. Oh, yes. Oh, yes. I found all my Amazon friend, my golf host. Oh, that's an illegal procedure. Oh, yes. Trash down in my tight and oh, yes. Yes. Oh, I took a couple of calls before we do this because this pros and cons book. This is a dynamic. And we understand, I do realize right upfront that most of the people don't care. In other words, most fans, all I care about is I want my team to win and I don't care if they're all a bunch of gangsters. I don't care if they sign OJ up. If he can still run sign his ass up and put him out there. Because as long as my team can win, then I feel much better about myself. It somehow makes me feel more significant as a human being us. We were the best. We here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Now that you were talking about book, I hope you saw a lot of books because this is him. I think you guys make a bunch of money. I was at the growth. We can't stay at the May for a tell. He's trying to put it. Talk to you down to see it. Have a good time. Good. The pros and cons, the criminals who play in the national football league by Jeff Benedict and Don Yeager. And of course all of our students, sports, drugs, directors on this radio station. They should be having these guys on there. They should be talking about this. I mean, we have to bury this in the closet. Is that what it is? Let me start. Let me begin. Okay. Chapter eight. This will take a few minutes. It's not that long. But boy, this is beautiful and close to home. I selected the chapter that it figured. Maybe you can relate to. It's the chapter is called what to expect when you're expecting Miami Dolphin's team headquarters. They be Florida. It's a matter of any time that there's talent available. You're continually trying to upgrade the bottom four or five spots on your roster. Miami Dolphin said coach Jimmy Johnson told the group reporters gathered at the team's headquarters December 2nd, 1997. He was explaining his decision to offer a contract to trouble running backlor and stilips. There's a large upside Johnson insisted. If Lawrence does all the things we ask in a highly disciplined program that he can realize what his talents might be and realize this success. You probably thought he was going to have in the first place. Less than two weeks earlier, the St. Louis Rams suddenly cut Phillips after he was reportedly fine. Fifty six times, for violating team rules. In his 19 month tenure with the Rams, Phillips was arrested three times, served to jail sentence for domestic violence and was twice sued by women once for domestic violence and once for sexual assault. Having received a second chance at the University of Nebraska following a brief suspension for brutally assolving ex-girlfriend Kate McEwen, the Rams also gave Phillips multiple second chances before finally releasing him. Johnson assured the media that he and the dolphins had thoroughly investigated Phillips and that he was not the menace off often portrayed in the popular press, all words that had been used by the Rams towards earlier. Actually, I expected all the worst with all the rumors that you here, Johnson said, and I can say this for a fact, all of the rumors that you here are not true. We've checked out in factual information and the things you hear are highly highly exaggerated exaggerated. Exaggerated, although the attack on the Q&A which landed Phillips and jail and had received excessive media play, the scope of Phillips abuse of behavior was kept hidden from the public. McEwen despite request from countless national publications and teaming at worst never spoke publicly about a violent relationship with Phillips. But in August 16, 1996, he did file a civil complaint of the Jackson County Federal Court in Kansas in it to reveal a brutal litany of assault suffered at the hands of Phillips while the two attended the University of Nebraska. Although civil lawsuits are typically a matter of public record and available to the press, McEwen's complaint was filed under seal. To the liking of Phillips and his lawyers, reporters were unable to view its content. However, on September 3, 1996, federal judge William F. Maurer surprisingly lifted the seal. In effect, Judge Maurer's decision left the painful details of McEwen civil complaint available to any reporter who showed up at the court. House aren't questioned to see the file. WANT a desperately to conceal the details Phillips lawyers acted promptly and were able to secure a court order, placing the document back under seal within 24 hours. But during the brief window when the case file was opened, Kansas City Star Court reported Joe Landy was at the federal court house and he made a copy of the complaint. He's the only reporter in the country to see the case file, landing reported these details from McEwen's complaint. October 1994 Phillips shoved her head into a wall so hard it broke through the wall, then choked her and would not allow her to leave his apartment. April 1995 Phillips asked her whether she was dating anyone else and threatened her saying, I'm going to shoot you in the kneecaps and then shoot you in the elbow. This is Los Angeles gang style of dealing with people. May 10 1995 Phillips sliced her cart hires and threatened to kill her, then came after her demanding a glass of water and McEwen told him to get him after demanding a glass of water and she told him to get it himself. August 24, 1995 McEwen agreed to drive Phillips who was drunk home to his apartment, he forced her to stay there and sexually assaulted her. September 10 1995 Phillips beat her and kicked her while she was at a friend's house, she condense that he grabbed her hair, caveman style, pulled her down three flights of steps and slammed her head into a wall. A ride Phillips reached an out of court financial settlement with McEwen, which required that she neither discussed the nature of her complaint nor the details of the payoff. Maybe the reason Johnson could so comfortably claim Phillips record was exaggerated, stem from the comparison of Phillips record with some of his other players who would either serve time in jail or been convicted of a violent felony. Yet these players were never scrutinized by the price-like Phillips. For example, Johnson signed a little loan for Agent Wide receiver Charles Jordan in 1996 who developed into what Dan Marino's most reliable receivers in 1997. As the teen growing up in Los Angeles Jordan was an active member of the blood, the authorities discovered that his criminal record makes Phillips look like a choir boy. It's only a few pages close to home and if you're supposed to look the other way, you better tell me about that. I don't think so. I have a hard time admiring a bunch of goons. That's with a G. Whether they're black white yellow or whatever the hell I'm sorry. I just don't understand and you wonder why America's attitudes and venues are all upside down and you're talking about the president's getting blow jobs up there in Washington like any red blooded guy and all the president who preceded it. I'm not going to be upset about that and rightfully indignant, but here we're worshiping all your kids out there. These are their role models. Not all of them. Just too many way too many. Some of the worst scumbags walking around loose on the face of the earth and oh geez, you know, they're wonderful people are great. These are our heroes. And by the way, how much more money can we dig up how many more loans that we have to take out so we can go by season tickets and watch these goons play and put on a very mediocre performance. By the way, oh yeah, I heard somebody call Kimball last night, you know, bragging about the fact that Doc Ellis pitched no hit it for the pirates years ago while I'm an acid trip. Well, that's great. Let's hear it. Frozen cause it's in your book store right now. It's how does a pistol baby by Jeff Bennett and Don Yager on Warner books hard cover how much is it too much for most of you. It's I don't tell him the price it'll scare him away. Okay. On June 27th, 1990 Kenny Jones was gunned down in a hell of bullets while walking down a sidewalk near the intersection of 79 street in Avalan Boulevard Los Angeles a five block area between 76 and 83 to run Avalan Boulevard is home turf to a local gang calling themselves the swans a subset of the blood street gang. Jones at the time he was shot was wearing blue the colors of a rival gang neighbors were initially were oh geez, I'm wearing blue neighbors were initially reluctant to cooperate with investigators searched for the killers. But a week after the shooting officer Jerry Pierre or received information linking swan gang members Charles Jordan aka Chuck E. Tehrone Jordan aka Woody and Glenn Jones aka GLABALL to the murder according to a witness the three were seen speeding away from the scene in a white old mobile. Then on July 3rd a man who lived at the corner of 79 street in Avalan Boulevard and revealed that his 12 year old son had been outside at the time of the murder according to court documents the boy also saw a white old mobile speeding away from the scene. When police finally questioned Charles Jordan about his whereabouts on one of the killing he claimed according to court documents that he was at home one block away on 78 along with Glenn Jones and nothing about the murder. Police then separately questioned Tyrone Jordan who pinned the murder on fellow gang members John Davis and Maurice Stevens however Tyrone admitted that Charles and Glenn Jones were at the murder scene and the Charles made comments about the victim wearing the wrong colors just before the victim was shot. When police tracked down Maurice Stevens he admitted that he and Davis were at the scene as well but insisted that Chuck E. and Tyrone did the shooting. In follow up questioning by police Jones admitted that he and Charles had come to the story about their whereabouts the first time they were questioned. In September 13th interview with police Charles Jordan said that he lied about his whereabouts because he knew that the word out on the street was that he committed the murder according to court documents. The officers then asked Jordan if he would submit to a lie detector test after failing it Jones refused to cooperate further with police in their investigation. In addition to being the prime suspect in the murder of Kenny Jones Jordan had to appear in court September 27th 1990 for a pre trial hearing on an unrelated matter. He had been charged with threatening to kill Marina Wilson and Wilbur Holley when they showed up to testify at the pre-tire trial hearing of Swan Gay member Craig Williams who was in self-facing two counts of attempted murder. According to court documents on August 13th 1990 Jordan confronted the two witnesses in the hallway outside the courtroom and attempt to scare them from going inside. Jordan's crash into the nation tactics were witnessed by L.A. Deputy Sheriff Sean McCarthy who was in charge of the Williams investigation. When I walk into the hallway after I got off the elevator I saw two males Jordan and Williams standing having a verbal conversation with both Ms Wilson and Mr. Holley. McCarthy testified that Jordan's preliminary hearing on September 27th they were approached by those two males and they were encouraged just to leave court and drop the whole incident. The defendant in the attempted murder case Williams offered $500 to the victims if they would leave court. McCarthy testified that when the witnesses rejected the harsh money Jordan issued threats. At that point said McCarthy Charles Jordan made this statement that is your life that you're messing with. At that point the victim Holley said Mr. Jordan is that some kind of threat Mr. Jordan responded by saying no that's a promise. The threat worked where you musin howl by ultimately let the court house without testifying that day. The sheriff's attempts to bring them back at a later date were unsuccessful. I've been told by Mr. Holley's family that he's moved out and that he's afraid to testifying they don't know where he's moved McCarthy testified at a subsequent hearing. I've contacted Warrina Wilson's family and was told that he's moved to San Bernardino and they don't know where are they are. On October 11th Jordan was indicted on two felony counts of dis waiting a witness by force or threat. He later pleaded guilty on March 8th 1991 a receipt probation. Then October 31st Jordan was finally arrested in charge with a murder of Kitty Jones who was jailed and denied bail. Two other swan blood gang members Maurice Stevens and John Davis were also jailed and charged in the murder. Jordan stayed in Los Angeles County jail however was far shorter than that of Stevens and Davis. On January 25th 1991 Jordan was released in the murder charges against him were dropped. Just days before Jordan's release, Tyrone Jordan and Glenn Jones were originally spotted driving away from the murder scene with Jordan testified a Jordan's pre-trial hearing. In their testimony, they exonerated Jordan and implicated another man John Davis. These witnesses kind of changed the way they thought about things to where Charles Jordan was no longer involved. So Davis is court appointed attorney Matthew Kishner and court documents. Kester suggested in court that Jordan may have placed collect calls from the county jail and told Tyrone and Glenn Jones what to say it is pre-trial hearing. They're involved in a conspiracy number one to put these two men's Stevens and Davis away. Kester suggested to judge Clarence Stomwell. The second conspiracy was to get Charles Jordan out of jail. This is a three-dependent case. The man who failed the polygraph is the shooter. He gets dismissed out of the preliminary hearing. That's Charles Jordan. He's the leader of the gang. He puts out orders on these two witnesses. This is what you're supposed to say at the preliminary hearing. Kester's theory was that his client Davis and Stevens were taking the fall for Jordan. I want to know if there is anything in the group dynamic of this gang that when somebody has to go down on a shooting a couple of people get pointed out and they do time and go right away because they were lower in the pecking order. Kester said to just drama when the attempt to get a quarter of a giving access to the jail's pay phone records. The judge did not appear to be bond cash in his argument. On January 9, 1992 the murder charges against Maurice Stevens were also drop leaving only Davis and jail. Witnesses told police that he was seen with a handgun at the scene. On January 17, Davis pleaded no contest to reduce charges of voluntary manslaughter in the death of Kenny Jones. And was sentenced to three years in prison. It was Jordan, however, who insisted during a December 1997 interview with the SPN that he was the one who would willfully take in the rap or another gang member by sitting in jail for nearly four months. He added that he would do the same again for a fellow gangster of the opportunity arose. Jordan declined to be interviewed for this book. According to the author's research, Jordan's life is a gang member before entering the NFL involved the wide range of other runs with the law. The following list was compiled from the criminal court document Los Angeles Superior Court. August 3, 1988 charged with ticket of vehicle without owners consent, pleaded no contest to theft of property and sentenced to 30 days in jail. August 21, 1988 charged with felony robbery in jail. Bill was set at $16,000 case later this month. January 1, 1999 charged with illegal gambling. No disposition and this position records were available. February 20, 1992 charged with reckless driving and driving with assisted license. pleaded no contest was placed on probation and sentenced to pay a fine or served 10 days in jail. The author was ordered to attend alcohol education classes on January 1, 1993 was found in violation of his probation and sentenced to 05 days in jail. Jordan was also charged on three separate occasions with possession of a controlled substance. In 1990 he was indebted for kidnapping. Although he said he's no longer actively involved with the bloods, Jordan nonetheless still considers himself part of his gang family. I mean, at the active by a still consider myself as one, he told the SPN, further Jordan continues to give proceeds from his dolphins paycheck to the swan bloods in Los Angeles. Once I give it to them it's theirs. I don't ask what it's about. I just handed to them to be continued in the second. He just be given him the money, baby. The real Roger show, you'll support for a year. I'm 60. You. And beat that data me. When it comes to internet access, you want the best. No busy signals, a direct and local connection on restricted access. And most importantly, quick downloading. After all, who wants to wait to see this week's latest edition of Porno to the web? Oh, don't act like it's not you. Study show that over 85% of users on the web are there simply for Porno. And it's nothing to be embarrassed about. That's why we've invented America Pornline. The fastest internet connection for X and triple X rated viewing. There is. How annoying was it when I was checking out the latest hudder site. I had to spend a good half a minute staring at this chick's damn face. Because it was taking so long to download the important parts. Thanks to America Pornline's fast connections. I'm in Hooter had a America Pornline. For when your stop on the information super highway leads right to the red light district. Five sixty WQM the dolphins willingness to employ a gang affiliate is not extraordinary. In a groundbreaking 1997 report, ESPN's outside the lines chronicle the climb of numerous NFL stars who made the transition from the blood and crypt of the grid are. Redskins defensive and Chris Mims. Bangles running back Eric B. Enemy. Jaguar's defensive back Beyond figures and those running back dericombs. Discut their early exposure as teens to street gangs. Holmes is brother is on death row for three gang related homicides. Said he owned his first gun at age 13. How many former gang bangers play in the NFL? Chris Mims estimated dozens. The basic conclusion was that professional athletes are increasingly coming from the inner city. And the inner city is where gangs predominate. Explained Matt Moran to produce the ESPN report on gangs. Moran spent four months researching the connection between professional sports and gangs. In the process, he interviewed approximately 300 people. Among them gang experts, law enforcement officials in an NFL player. The consensus of the players was that you can't grow up in an environment without having your life touched in some way by gangs. He explained in an interview for this book. Given Jordan's track where he heard his little wonder that Jimmy Johnson would embrace Lawrence Phillips when no other NFL team was as eager to do the same. Phillips had not been implicated in murder cases. Nor had he confessed the national television to supply financial support to a violent street gang. Domestic violence was the biggest market against Phillips which hardly distinguished him from his new mates. Miami's other running back Irving Spikes pleaded no contest to battery for beating his wife in 1996. And wide receiver Lamar Thomas had been arrested multiple times for domestic violence during 1997. A close of examination of the Thomas case reveals why it is no surprise that Jimmy Johnson would give Phillips another chance. On October 13, 1997, one day after that often defeated the jet-sad giant stadium. Jimmy Johnson had veteran wide receiver Fred Barnett. Bar Thomas who cut five passes against the jet for 75 yards including a crucial reception on the team's gang clenching drive. Took Barnett's position in the lineup. Fred does everything he was Johnson told reporters, but had I not made the release I wouldn't have been fair to our team as a whole. A consummate veteran with a favorable off of the over reputation. Bar Knight was replaced by the younger faster and criminal Thomas who is domestic violence record was more prolific than high as past catchings statistics. The bottom line is production Johnson said candidly days before making the formal announcement. Indeed production was the priority when Miami signed Thomas the year before the heels of a vicious series of domestic violence attacks. Much of the following account is based on court records and police reports obtained by the office of the office of the state attorney in Fort Laterdale. On July 4, 1996, Lamar Thomas that a member of the Tampa Bay Buckingers and his pregnant fiance, Ebene Cooksey, attended a private pool party in Barbecue at home of Dr. Mrs. Edmund DeRou and Plantation. At the time, Thomas was living in Tampa and Cooksey was still in Miami. She was completing her last year of college at the University of Miami, where the two met while both Ronette let scholarships. The two were spending the week together in the Miami area before Thomas had to go north for training camp. The Deros, Son, Richard, a friend of Lamar and Ebene's invited a couple of the was families for the July celebration. Shortly after arriving however, Thomas left the party briefly to visit his uncle and nearby Fort Laterdale. Many returned Thomas brought a cousin with him and immediately insisted that Cooksey was relaxing in the pool, get out so he could introduce them. Lamar's very impatient Cooksey would later stay the way police officer and her attempt to reconstruct the sequence of events leading up to result at the hands of Thomas later that day. I was trying to dry off and he kept saying, come over here, come over here and went from asking me to demanding me to come over. Prior to the result of her pregnancy, Cooksey left the pool area all together shortly after meeting Thomas's cousin inside the Deros house preparing to take a shower. Cooksey was fully undressed when Thomas barged into the bathroom unnaudced to urinate. Despite the availability of other bathrooms in the house, Thomas insisted on using the one occupied by Cooksey, wrapped only in a towel she waited in the hallway for Thomas to finish before re-entering the bathroom, locking the door behind her this time. Minutes after Cooksey began showering Thomas realized that she locked the door and began knocking demanding that she let him in. Look, I'll be out Cooksey responded from the shower. This satisfied with a response Thomas located a closed hanger and picked a lock. Cooksey was unaware that Thomas had entered the bathroom until he jumped into the shower fully clothed in the tractor. He was enraged and demanded that no-why wouldn't let him in Cooksey sit in her police statement. He opened the shower door and began strangling me and I guess for about five seconds I couldn't breathe. Dripping wet Thomas step back out of the shower, leaving his pregnant fiancee, cowering and crying, however he wasn't finished. Next time I knock, you better effing answer it, you know, he shouted he's spraying back into the shower. It doesn't make sense for you not to answer. He then grabbed Cooksey's head and began slamming it into the shower wall. The glimpse that I did catch in his eye Cooksey later recall the police, it was like nobody was there. The violin of the salt was finally interrupted when the female guest at the barbecue entered the bathroom after hearing the commotion. Thomas again climbed out of the tub, his clothes now drenched. He ran out of the house still but jumped in his truck and drove off. Naked wet bleeding and battered Cooksey was aided by the female who interrupted the assault when barbecue host misses their role and what took place. She brought Cooksey upstairs to her bedroom so she could rest. A cup of coffee was brought up along with Cooksey's clothing. Some domestic badmars don't have the social and psychological make up to create other vents for their emotions. Explain former dolphins offensive linemen and numan who would now aid a mitic violence judge and date county in an interview for this book. They don't know how to take the time out of 10 emotions elsewhere. How to obtain solutions. They act without thinking. This is a dysfunction. These badmars are a wellspring of emotions. This leads to impulsive actions and the actions are totally inappropriate. Approximately 30 minutes after being attacked in the shower. Cooksey looked out. Mrs. Deros second story window. Only to see that Thomas had returned. His truck parked in front of the house. Thomas was standing outside talking the Richard Darrell. Scared Cooksey decided to place a call to her father and asked Mrs. Deros to escort her downstairs to library where there was a phone. While Cooksey talked by telephone to her father Thomas entered the library with both Mrs. Deros and Richard in the room. Cooksey was confident that Thomas would not harm her. Suddenly while Cooksey was in mid-sentence with her father, Thomas next to receiver from her hands and hung up the phone. I'm talking to my father she played a shut up Thomas demanded. Why are you acting like this Mrs. Deros interjected? Come on, Lamar sit down. With all eyes on him, Thomas paused sat down and assisted the room. The Cooksey's fear of him was not sincere but rather an act. Then as Cooksey attended to exit the room, Thomas leaped lightning quick to his feet. Well, he'd be quick. At that point I knew I wasn't going to go out of that room because he's Lamar and she's Mrs. Deros as who she is. And Cooksey quickly retreated behind a large desk for protection. Meanwhile, Richard and his father just ended the room gingerly approach Thomas while Mrs. Deros positioned herself between Thomas and the desk. None of this however deterred Thomas. He came to me as if I was an offensive line and pushed me toward the window Cooksey said, And the window shattered on the lower right side. I feared for my life because I was imagining my head or something going through the window and it was a thick window. Mrs. Deros later cooperated Cooksey's account for criminal investigator. The moment she picked up the phone he's sprang out of the chair jumped across me. He said this is their owner police statement. It was like a football tackle. Straight across me straight into her and pushed her into the window. Both Richard and his father went to Cooksey's rescue pulling Thomas off her in the struggle to library was trashed. Cooksey climbed back under the desk, Citing in fear is the men try to restrain Thomas, a 911 call was placed for police assistance. Before the dust settled, Thomas's rage left red marks on Cooksey's throat scratches on her left biceps, large bump and bruise on her right triceps, and a red bruise on her right arm. He also calls over $700 in property damage putting a hole through the wall, chattering a window breaking a lamp and destroying various objects around the desk. Realizing that police have been called Thomas tried to reassure everyone there was no longer any threat of danger to Cooksey. I'm calm Thomas said I'm convincingly. I have it under control. He then exited the house and hurry toward his truck. Mrs. Deros followed him outside while whatever children placed a second 911 call trying frankly to get police to come quicker. Where's he at now 911 operator asked? Sir, I hope he's outside of the house. Mrs. Derosson said what does he look like? Although he's with my mother and I don't want to leave him alone with my mother so you could just please get somebody here. Someone's on the way out there. But what does he look like? Well, he's six-four his name is Lamar Thomas. He placed football for the Tampa Bay Book in years. He's 175. What is it? He's 170 or 175 pounds ago. He's meeting with dark skates. He's wearing a pair of blue jeans. Five days after the attacks, Cooksey gave her formal statement over the telephone to detect a city of Ciddy Custanza of the city of plantation police department. By then, Cooksey's bruises had darkened looking much worse than he did when the police photographed them on the day of the incident. However, Cooksey's primary concern was the fetus she was carrying. I spoke with my doctor on Saturday regarding my pregnancy whether or not it should be terminated or whether it's still live. Cooksey told officer Custanza, you did she ask? It's just that it's a big decision I'm going to have to make in terms of whether I want him to father this child said Cooksey. Custanza's chief concern related to the fetus as well, but for reasons different than Cooksey's, while domestic violence is treated as a misdemeanor in Florida, assolving a pregnant woman is classified as a felony. Can you tell me about the pregnancy asked Custanza to Lamar know that you were pregnant? Oh, yeah, yes, Cooksey even brought me the book called What to Expect when you're expecting. Lamar had wanted to baby for quite some time and that was sort of a problem we were having our relationship. I have a year of school to go. We're not married yet. Until I tenth of oral was issued for Thomas's arrest on two felony counts of aggravated the battery against the pregnant female. One week later, the Buckinier's release Thomas. A player who wished to remain on name told the authors that the Buckinier's drop Thomas is the result of his arrest. Buckinier's officials went contacted by authors refused to confirm that there was a relationship between the case and his release. We're not going to talk about that to communications director Reggie Roberts. We have no comment. Not ten days past before Dolphins newly hired had coach Jimmy Johnson, who signed Thomas to a contract. Johnson had coach Thomas in college at the University of Miami insisted that he deserved a second chance. Jimmy Johnson recruited Lamar to the University of Miami explained Thomas defense at during agent Howard Weinberg. Jimmy Johnson left when Lamar got there, but Jimmy was aware of the type of personal alarm was. Jimmy realized Lamar was the type of guy who was worth saving. Lamar was lucky because there wasn't just Jimmy. They're Gary Stevens was there too. And they're both well aware that all receivers who played the University of Miami. It's quite a distinguished list. Lamar is the all-time leading receiver. And the history of the University of Miami Herico. They continued the moment. I mean, what the hell is wrong? You'd be the leading receiver in the history of University of Miami Herico. What's not to like? Okay? No matter how much of us come back, you may be. Wake up with the first piece. Joe wrote a chapter for us at the Gold Team. We've been pouring to six. Only on Sports Radio 560 QAM. It's an asshole celebration. And they're all out on the streets. They're on the sidewalk over here in the Chuppin' and P. That's 20,000 asshole in an asshole from an age that the size of good people is to have full of praise. We've got the asshole freedom. That's all, man. That's all for Jesus. The asshole for gunning. That's all for justice. That's all for crime. That's all for asshole. That's all for justice. That's all for justice. That's all for justice. You've got asshole making money. To making all the truth. You can all out a job. That's a challenge of five to two. That's all some water. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. That's all for the sky. We'll see you in the third place. Looking any way out of the corner of the world. It's just a буду thing that the large volume of memories of the sky. Everybody's ready to see us. That's what the world is like. That's like watching our Joking. That's all for the sky. Don't make me scared. I love the sky. I want to be a little bit more beautiful than I do. I want to be a little bit more beautiful than I do. I want to be a little bit more beautiful than I do. I want to be a little bit more beautiful than I do. I want to be a little bit more beautiful than I do. I want to be a little bit more beautiful than I do. I want to be a little bit more beautiful than I do. I want to be a little bit more beautiful than I do. Hey Brian, are you happy? I hate to be a little bit more beautiful than I do. I don't have any. I want to be a little bit more beautiful than I do. I want to be a little bit more beautiful than I do. I want to be a little bit more beautiful than I do. There's a lot of people coming. I want to be a little bit more beautiful than I do. I want to be a little bit more beautiful than I do. Ajun luck told today, three P drowned No matter how intel it may, I shall so Pride you do Big ast тут Here are a pizza Some with truck Oyster into stichon working for free food because in Arad ali Relapic food, and other mangoes have with no weird rules And they met enough of wishes she must have ever been home. Home home home home home home home home home home home home home home Yeah, please go to class city and I go to film our class. I've been going to class city. You can tell us that I've been going to class city and class my rap. I've been going to class city. Because I've been bad at you. To rock for every time. Oh, both of these guitar people. How many sounds sounds? Can we get people to talk? I don't want to say no to you, not. Oh, what? Oh, oh. 11. 11. 11. I'll see you. I'm name of the book is pros and cons. The colonels who play me in a file by Jeff Bennett and Don Yeager. After her position determined that the fetus had not suffered any fatal injuries. Cooks he opted to go through with the pregnancy. The derros mean, while received a call from Thomas attorney Howard Weinberg. He Weinberg apologized. Zero told a police and said he was going to make sure the bills get paid. He's going to take care of it. See that Lamar gets counseling and makes sure it doesn't happen again according to court documents. However, it did happen again. And the problem was not taken care of. After appearing in 19th of the dolphins in 1996, while his lawyer successfully delayed the disposition of his case until after the season, Thomas was sentenced to 18 months probation for aggravated battery on a pregnant female on February 24, 1997. It was also ordered to spend 10 days in Brown County jail, which was to be served on weekends, and to complete the 13 week batter were intervention program at lifeline in Miami. The dolphins then offered Thomas a new contract on March 11, 1997. Three weeks later, Thomas has altered Cooks he again. On March 29, Metro Day Police were dispatched to the couples coconut grove home, Cooks he at this point given birth to a baby boy who was not six weeks old. Upon arrival, the officer's fond Thomas holding the newborn, Cooks he was discovered in the couple's bedroom, crying. Her underwear was torn, there were scratches on her right hand, left shoulder renecked. After she told officer grass that Thomas tore her underwear three times, and choked her, he was arrested, issued his Miranda rights, and escorted back of the police cruiser. After Thomas's arrest, probation officer's lend that he had yet to begin the counseling program that was supposed to be part of his probation. A subsequent report signed by Correctional Probation Supervisor, Jasmine V. Seagullman, and Correctional Probation Officer, Durret Jones, recommended that Thomas's probation be extended to 24 months with a longer period of counseling. Thus giving Thomas a chance to change his temper and be able to live as a law-biting citizen. The report also indicated that Thomas had accumulated 88 total sentencing points, which carries a maximum of 75 months in state prison. Johnson's initial decision to hire Thomas in 1996 came before the talented receiver had been formally convicted of anything. By the time the team resigned in a year later, Thomas was a convicted felon. Now he was charged with assaulting his fiance again and found to be in violation of his probation. Did any of this change Thomas has planned that as with an alphins? Not exactly. There were no reported disciplinary measures taken by the team. No ultimatums lay down. But a wine bird said that the team strongly encouraged Thomas to seek counseling. There are selfish motives on the part of the dolphins argue, because they want him to be the best player possible explained wine bird. But they're saying if you want to reach your full potential, then you have to be able to meet the challenge of dealing with the problems off the field. No one is capable of completely separating his personal life with his professional life. These things bleed through. Jimmy Johnson declined to be interviewed on his decision to continue playing Thomas. The authors, however, did interview other former her dolphins familiar with the Thomas case. The role of the coach to win plays a large role in how they respond to the situations. Said X-Mimey dolphins defensive backliford hobbly in an interview for this book. Probably worked for the dolphins when running back Irving Spice was arrested for beating his wife in 1995. Don Shula was the head coach then and hobbly saw stark differences in the way that Spice and the Thomas cases were handled. On August 29, 1995, Pembro Pines police officers responded to the way the Mestie violence complaint at Spice residents. According to the police reports, Spice took his wife and struck her in the face before throwing her into the floor. Stacey Spice's state injuries to the neck knees and right foot. The following day, Shula met with Spice was entering a second season in the NFL. Despite not yet to make convicted of anything, Spice was informed by Shula that he was on disciplinary probation for a four year. Any more incidents and he would be dismissed. The Mestie violence is definitely something that Shula would not condone said hobbly. Who actively worked with Spice and an attempt to get him counseling. Shula made sure Spice got into counseling. It was mandatory. He had to go at least two hours a week. Spice felt threatened for his job. According to hobbly after Spice met with Shula, he said, If I get cut from here, it was going to give me an opportunity after this guy. Shula cuts me everybody respect him. Spice tweeted no contest to battery on May 16, 1996. However, as of the publication of this book, Spice's head no further contact with law enforcement pertained to Mestie violence. He was cut by the offense during the 1998 off season. In contrast, Thomas faced no apparent discipline in reaction from Johnson. Nor was Thomas required to fulfill his obligation to attend anger management courses. Oh, do I love that term? Anger management courses. Under Shula, anything that you didn't got caught doing it, you were gone no matter who you were according to hobbly. Anything happens outside the realm of this organization that I hear about. There's no question you didn't hear out of here. Shula used to say. On April 24, 1997, Judge Jeffrey D. Cohen signed a warrant for Thomas's arrest for violating the terms of his probation. It read in part the probationer did commit the offensive simple battery on March 29, 1997 as alleged in date circuit court. Thomas was arrested again in jail pending his trial. It wasn't until Thomas was incarcerated according to Weinberg, that Thomas started a confront his problem. One day a while Weinberg was visiting Thomas in the Howard County jail, a guard knocked on the door of the private cubicle and interrupted the conversation. It's time to guard said to Thomas, time for what Weinberg asked him. Weinberg soon discovered that a group of at-risk teenagers were touring the jail and conjectual they scared straight program, Thomas when he found out about their visit, had volunteered to speak to the youths. According to Weinberg, Thomas stood up in front of the boys, wearing his jailhouse jumpsuit and told them, I'm locked up here, I have a baby at home, I'm sending him the wrong signal and I play football in the NFL, so you're probably thinking I'm pretty tough. Well, guess what, I'm not too tough to cry, you never want to be in the situation I'm in. Prosecutors suddenly dropped the charges against Thomas on the 14th, and he was released from jail. Kokesy is decided not to testify against Thomas leaving prosecutors without their prime witness. Kokesy's reluctance is typical of the Mestic Violence Victims, but rarely understood by individuals who have experienced violence in the home. Sometimes victims had good reasons for not testifying, explained the Mestic Violence Judge Ed Newman former Dolphins' lineman. The Mestic Violence is like a dance. In this dance, one of the aggressor perpetrator, the other is the victim. The victim adopts strategies to avoid the next beating. Some victims think in his procedural context of a trial that there'll be beaten if they step forward as a witness. Sometimes they're concerned about retaliation. Sometimes the victim is financially and emotionally dependent on the perpetrator. After playing in two Superbowls under Schuola, Newman completed his lottery, and was later elected to the bench, he's one of a group of Florida judges who've been decided to hear domestic violence cases on an exclusive basis. When there's an apparent problem when you see a young lady with a black eye, again and again, somebody needs to intervene said Newman. Not only for the good of the individuals, but for the good of the image of the league and of the dolphins. Apparently, nobody had ever intervened on Ebony Cookies behalf. Thomas got talk to many times about the need to address his problems, but there was little incentive in the way of consequences. After his incarceration, however, Weinberg said that Thomas started to take counseling quite seriously. A black male, particularly one-of-class professional sports, does not see reaching out for Secretary-ITR, and Secretary-Celper Counseling is a viable option to explain Weinberg. They see that as a sign of weakness. So if it was a great value, it was a great value, it was a large set up in front of a bank of reporters and said, I need professional counseling, and that doesn't mean that I'm not a man. According to Weinberg, Thomas cooks in their child, we're living together as a district of 1998. At that point in time, Thomas has been counseling for nearly a year. Thomas declined the office invitation to be interviewed for this book. As far as Jimmy Johnson's voters were keeping Thomas on the roster throughout the assaults arrest in jail time, they want to win games Weinberg said, there is no question about it, if they can get him to play his best, they've helped themselves, but I definitely noticed concern that this was separate in the part from just those issues. When assessing whether Johnson is acting out of raw self-interuster altruism, it is difficult to overlook that in 1998, Dan Marino is throwing the ball to two athletically gifted criminals, Thomas endured in both of them convicted of violent crimes. His own words from a press conference October of 1997, the set up is Motives Best. The bottom line is production, Jimmy said. Alright, that's going Jimmy. Alright. Okay, that's all I'm going to read. Sorry about all we're reading, okay. But I know that most of you won't call out in by the book and won't read it, so why don't you have a lot. Frozen Cahn's The Criminal's Who Play in the NFL.