You show on 5-6-1 Q-A-F, it's up to you, all 5-6-M, all 5-6-0, free and z-and-rout, all 5-6-M, your total, your opinion's up to you, it's gets in colors. You've not necessarily represented those of the mostly-grunt FF, it's sad, advertisers or agencies now. Here's Neville Roger, on 5-6-8-M, if 5-6-1, you'll be satisfied. You've not necessarily represented those of the most common-grunt FF, it's not a good idea. You've not necessarily represented those of the most common-grunt FF, it's not a good idea. You've not necessarily represented those of the most common-grunt FF, it's not a good idea. You've not necessarily represented those of the most common-grunt FF, it's not a good idea. You've not necessarily represented those of the most common-grunt FF, it's not a good idea. You've not necessarily represented those of the most common-grunt FF, it's not a good idea. You've not necessarily represented those of the most common-grunt FF, it's not a good idea. You've not necessarily represented those of the most common-grunt FF, it's not a good idea. You've not necessarily represented those of the most common-grunt FF, it's not a good idea. You've not necessarily represented those of the most common-grunt FF, it's not a good idea. I'll put it out now, it's 10.02 at 5.60W, if you're happy Friday to it. Supreme Court's beaten baby. The U.S. Freaking Supreme Court, the hold of the meeting right now, if I just just went questions, hold them up and you swanst to get it begin with, if they're doing it. Are we going to hear it live? No, no, that's a good thing because we're probably after just open a pod and put it on here, we'd be out of business today. How about purkamal, yes, that I knew the Supreme Court, the legislature's plan to appoint 25 electors for Bush, 925 votes are put in the M-lanet press of total, he actually means. No, 683, 72.2%, yes, 262, 27.7%. So in other words, almost three-fourths of this audience said, now we're not buying that, we're not buying that game, that desperation game. Anyway, the court hearing is going down from now to 11.30 this morning, I want to have. Anything that I mean we got, but here's the watchers name, Bob Frank, I'll call you, Eddie Police, I want to have them to be. And they got all the other Bush antels out there, all the protestors, they're out there waving their plack with the carrying out. But, yes, I might have a bunch of them, we still have a parent square that's carrying on. Probably got them all brought them all in from FSU and from the camps. But anyway, speaking of protestors, I mean, I would put me in the newspaper this morning, I'd like that in the hold, no less. For page add on 9b sponsored by the AFLC IO, no less. It said, let our voices be heard, let our votes be counted, this is in America count every vote. Thousands of us citizens of Florida who went to the polls on number 7 still don't have our votes counted. Voting is the most basic act about participation in our political process, but for citizens to participate, we must believe that our votes count that our votes are counted. We invite all four of the citizens who care about their vote to join in the rally today at 4pm at the Stephen Clark government center 1111 Northwest first aid. Joining community leaders, purging elected officials, labor activists, not receiving implora and the country that will not stand for any abuse or, I will, let me say it again. 20 abuse, elbow, this respect for the democracy probably voted. The discrimination that we will pursue that we must persist until everybody's counted, red, white and blue, relatively distributed as a symbol that our voices must be heard and our votes must be counted. Let me say again, paid for by the AFLC IO. So that four clock is happening on the Stephen Clark government center 1111 Northwest first aid. And they're inviting everybody to come down and do a peaceful thing there and show that they're mad as hell. I'm not going to put up with this anymore. I just, I got to tell you right now that if there really is anybody out there who believes. I've said this before and I'll say it again even though some of you disagree. And as usual, I find it mind-boggling that anybody could disagree with. Damn, God! At least on this. The idea that we can really ever sort this mess up. There is so much to can't really go on here that it's just beyond belief. There's a story on a front page of the hair of about the felons who voted. And then of course we already know that there are a lot of people who are inacreally laborless felons based on the hit list from Catherine Harris, who was youngthelph of voters were then the four thousand of them didn't get to vote. There were 12,000 of them. And 8,000 of those actually went to the rigour more like hitting the names back on here, but four thousand couldn't get back on or didn't get back on or didn't know how to do it. The overwhelming majority of voters voted for Gore. However, it also came to find out that there were hundreds of felons who joined the turn out on election day. It's really interesting. The last paragraph of this story is a very long story. Dovac County led the state, 243 felons cast illegal balance. And it's a 75% of those balance were registered Democrats. The public got the election supervisor Teresa LaPour ignored the state proes was after a well-publicized error that mistakenly identified thousands of felonians guilty of misdemeanors as having felony convictions he declined comment for this article. I can't imagine why. But one of the most interesting story, this is a new one every day there's new crap. Page 338, they got this one very wide that they're buried this in the hero. Suit asks judge to toss ballots received after election day. On the six South Florida voters, Alaska, judge and tell a half year to throw out 1500 overseas absentee ballots in the state presidential vote, contending in a lawsuit that elections officials counted them illegally because the ballots arrived after election day. The lawsuit, the latest global contest of Florida's election, zeroes in on the state rule in effect in 1984 that provides the 10 day post-election day window for ballots to arrive from abroad to the end be counted. Whereas for the groups that are completely fathered in legal and county circuit court, the plaintiffs who include Miami lawyer Robert and Harris contend that the states were violated, Florida and federal law as well as the US Constitution. If the ballots were publicly received after election day, they cannot be counted to the lawyer representing the six larger, J. Bernstein, a new or who it a gator. It's a black and white question of law, he says. While this is violent any official time to denimocratic party of our president, El Gore's campaign, Bernstein and his money co-council, Randy Weber said the suit of Mr. F. successful were likely to state vote in the Democrats' favor. Besides, Harris, the plaintiffs include voters Jill Katz, Robin K. Adair, Marseilleville, Prado Jack, J. Albuquerque, and Mirriana, Bacquerque. The assuring Secretary of State Catherine Harris Governor, J. Bush, and 10 county Candacing boards were most of the overseas ballots that arrived at the election were supposed to have been counted. Statewide, those ballots added 745 votes to Bush's narrow leading Florida. The 10 counties accounted for about 1500 of the overseas ballots counted after election day, and split about 21 in Bush's favor said Bernstein. His contention closely coincides with court proceedings last week and the lawsuit by the GOP against 14 Florida Candacing boards that had tossed out scores of forced election day overseas ballots to denimidious requirements. The state judge, in Palahati, reportedly told lawyers during hearing that it could find no legal basis for the 10 day window. I mean, we did that sentence again. A state judge in Palahati repeatedly told lawyers during hearing that it could find no legal basis for the 10 day window. Leon County Circuit Judge L. Ralph Smith, and a candidate was on likely to grant you a P. L. Lawyers request for no order forcing the Candacing boards to reconsider this qualified balance. Some legal observers believe that Smith was considering tossing out all the way to arriving overseas ballots, but the GOP would do the suit after some of the counties related and validate many of the discarded votes. Juan LaBanski, the general counsel for the state association of election supervisors, who is sharply questioned by Smith, said yesterday, he believes that the 10 day rule is legally valid, a spokesman for Secretary Harris did not respond to a request for comment. The rule was enacted under an 1884 agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice, which sued the state because later, by being bailed from overseas military personnel, we're not being counter-abanski. He said no one has challenged it in 16 years. The rule was never made quite a forward election mall, Abanski said, and at least one state statute might conflict with it. That law said it in the South Florida Institute, because all absentee ballots to arrive in elections office is by 17th day of the election, and makes no allowance for later-living ballots. How do you like that? So there's another Tigger in a word, Pile. Black and white matter of law. We got more goddamn suits going on. Anybody out there keep track of all, I sure can't. Let's get the brother boxer on the phone and help us out. I can't keep track of this crap. Let me see it again. I listen to you. Who else are listening to? Just to see what all the big hoop was. I listened to the big fad as the law. I was going to be right. And all he was talking about was the fact that he had to go to the state association. He had to go to San Jose or a son. He said, this is some of a part of the big auto now for some government security. And of course, if events dictate, I'll have to stop somewhere on the way in the popular or studios, so I can be on. Well, I'd like to, you know, the whole process can't go on more spad asses on here. And then after lunch at Mamma's, I was in the current at 2.00 video girlfriend for a couple of minutes. Whaaaaa! Shrewl and hysterical. Shrewl and hysterical. And Kvetchi and a ruin. In fact, I still have an idea. So you enjoy it. Okay. 10 past 10 at 5.60 W2AM. No question of the further notice we could be for that big fast written commission at W2AM. These are ground past broken clipper. Okay, whatever you say. 10.30 at 5.60 W3M. Here's a great story from new port news. Canterna or Tager was looking forward to eating the chicken dinner after family outing at 2.00 tonight. Shrewl did a box of five wings from McDonald's and was putting them on tights for her children. She found a chicken park that definitely wasn't a wing. I noticed that it had a book in head eyes, said or Tager. I screamed. The unusual piece of chicken turned out to be a fried chicken head. And then no idea it hit in McDonald's. Or Tager called him the globals on war, and he quickly pointed out where she purchased the dinner, and told her restaurant manager about it. She said the manager was pretty mad or a fact. She said, just bring it back. We'll send it back to the company. Uh huh. The manager told her she could have a refund or another box of wings. But her Tager said she lost her appetite for chicken. There's no way I wanted another chicken box. She said she fixed grilled cheese sandwiches for her family. I probably couldn't hold from now on. She said she was unable to sleep Tuesday night. I kept thinking about my children eating it or Tager said. She said that if you just had a children beginner, youngest child whose five years old probably would have bitten the head without looking at it. But I hit when that happens. Or Tager, even sure if your file will wrong suit, but she said that she's contacted the FDA for advice on handling the incident. Also, probably with McDonald's officials, a lot of no more about the matter. Maybe she'll put her feedback down to the table to dummy her up in the proven lawsuit. How do you like that, huh? You just saw some head of the gunnell. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, and Verizon Wireless Line. A turning service provider that Al Gore have long argued Palm Beach County officials use more restrictive standards when recounting disputed balance for on Thursday. The officials offered mathematical calculations to backup those plans. Every Saturday yesterday was what's his name, boys. Nobody saw that. So, if one of the big problems was these Chads that build up under the controls. Just like I'm thinking an ASTRA, if you keep smoking cigarettes all day, and you have like five people in the car smoking chains smoking, you're not going to be re-actory. I pretty sure that's going to be spilling all over the guy they employ, and you can't jam any more in the ASTRA. Also, same thing with the Chads that build up under the controls. So, as your people are going to laugh at these so-called dimpled ballots of pregnant Chad, the reason that those happen is because people can't stick it all away through, which again, you have to hate when that happens. They keep probing and pushing and sticking, but they can't put it all away through because of Chad Berguck. Back to got a picture of one guy in here, and then packed his bike. Who looks certainly strong enough to shove it all away through all the years, it's a delrey beats nurses. But it says he had so much difficulty probing that he asked for a new ballot in different building machines, and then stayed behind to watch others to see what the Hanky Panky was going on. It says Chads can pile up enough to block a boat from registering. Like an ASTRA, the door must be happy quite often. He says if I was a judge in the case, I'd be asking what procedures were used for cleaning and preparing the machine to fire the election to make sure there was no accumulation of Chad. And I'll say it again, all the dimpled ballots in that big cabin, that text is a lesson that the Republican requested, air-leave single-wanted, dimpled ballots was counted. How do you like that? I used to hear what they were all counted. Just mentioned that in passing. Here's a call on Helen Dale. Here's a call on Helen Dale, hello. Here, I'm on that mountain, I'm, I'm not mixed up. I think it's a piece chicken like a... I was like, I was like, I was like, I should not have probably been there. I'm more often if you've got that looming head. You may get it, either there. Anyway, the foot was watching the news. How sick is it? So we're following the actual truck. Oh my god, the truck. Yeah, the air is so thin. This was that his zoosuit truck that we didn't have your wild truck. Oh my god, I think the other truck, I think it's about eight miles to the ground. Every angle on the cheeses, quite thick or what? Oh my god, got help us. You know? Yes. I'd like to say hello to Big Dick over at Marco Lyle. Okay. Big Dick, what's up there? Okay. Five, six, what's going on here today? You know, some strange kind of worthless word. I thought it was a holiday or something. There was no traffic in 5.95. Everybody gone? I don't know what they'll happen here all of a sudden. Maybe we'll be talking about, when it's not there, but if I maybe we just want to avoid that weekend, it can't that the hinder boys, some of us might get, yeah. Food we can't have a camp, or do you want to go or not? Five, six, seven. Are these guys working there? What else? Go there. This morning. This is a very bizarre. I think we'd be out of the house. Everybody left town. Here's Fort Myers. Hello. Yeah, what are you doing today? Okay. Listen, if Rock that Dover with Cheeses, that doesn't happen, guy. It doesn't operate on the same type of thing as, you know, like your three-hole punch. I don't think it's that. It's every register of gold or voted, you know, punch, every button. I mean, it falls into a, uh, the, uh, it will be in this world. So that is only, no, you're wrong. It's only deep enough, picking it to a handle, so many, and then after that it would have piles up. It's only a certain, and that's no, sir, you're wrong. No, I'm not wrong. It's right here. There's a whole article about it. The elections, uh, people are agreeing with that. So you can, you can call off any radio show, and make some kind of stupid ass, and I'm saying it's on me. I'm wrong, but I'm not wrong. It's right there and black in the purple asshole. Good, Nick, you know some of them are in four minors. Okay, leave us alone over here. We got problems. You know, you're wrong. It falls into the well. Yeah. Like a pussy in the well. We know. Five, six, seven, oh, five, 60. How five, six, you on the AP and T. Look at all these, uh, Hitler, you. Well, they've got a couple of people that go to a leaderman. Look at that. Under the age of 100. Go to a leaderman's time. And then there's the surluseman's time to rest on there and tell him, I ask you, and there are marching and carrying on and making a lot of noise while this per basketball. And you can see for somebody. Yeah, yeah, sure. There's a lot of people there. Yeah, I'll shut them all up over there. Okay, stuff something in there. I'll stuff a chicken head, you know, no, no. God. Here's a moment when it was time to be. Hello. How you doing now? Okay. Listen, if you all want all these people down to be counted, you agree with that statewide, we can't just make sure because why just count the ones in Democratic. Yeah, well, I said right from the beginning. Okay, so then, how can we, how can we, how can we, how can we, how can we, How can we, you know, how can the British people around want to do that. Well, there's I grew to you. Why don't I, he'll money the Tribunal, why they want to do it? Why does that? Because they know they lost. That's why. Make no mistake about it. I don't care who you're very unfair. It's a free country, at least as number one, but some are free, even for a police state, but you can be for whoever you're not that effective, everybody who wants to be even a little bit honest about it knows that our growers won't need to stay in one election. That's why they continue fighting the way that they're fighting because they don't want to have a store away from them, right at broad daylight, they know they want to God damn thing. And they keep asking the others question they never get an answer. What could possibly be wrong with counting your view vote? Like, could anybody who really wants a fair election be opposed to that? Wow, they counted and recounted, yeah, but there's a lot of what about that, everyone were counted the first time. Yeah, but they just kept counting and recounting until they get number they're like. No, the fact is that you got a number that you like and you want to shudder off in the middle of the eighth inning or whatever running with it. That's the deal. And that's why they're petrified. That's why they're peeing in their pants. That's why they're smitten all kinds of purple and pecking color because they were afraid that they're this election. And there's their jab yesterday. Did you see the comment that he made? I almost almost slushed my pants. When he was asking about, you know, would he sign it if the legislature, which you're going to meet Tuesday and put up this funny uh uh slate of electors, uh, who he signed a bill if they found it necessary to pass and piece of legislation when he signed it. If you're going to, you know, you're going to, that's why I'm going to abandon my family. I hate to break the news to you, sir. You're not just in the eyes of the law that the brother of the governor of Texas, you're supposed to be the governor of the state of Florida. They wanted to abandon his family which was co-opress saying, hey, guess what? My name is Bush and I'll do whatever to help take to make sure that my brother gets in. That's exactly what he was saying to make no much think about that. Here's what I'm going to do, hello. Oh, Neil, I'm doing okay. You're so my thunder. I was just going to tell you that. I don't know if you watch a new yesterday, but Jim was on there. Oh, yeah, they want me to portray my day. Well, I'm going to, you know, leave my brother and let him do whatever he wants. Yeah, abandon this family. Yeah, that's all I had, but that's why we're looking to know that. This is the thing it's a fix. Okay, why want to the Chad path? Well, speaking of fix, that's our poor question today and for the weekend, this should get some response. Here's today's poll question on your ronjoon.com. This election in Florida was three choices. Asonices, any other state flawed, but only by accidental events or fixed, which of those three, you choose. This election for the was asonices in the other state, flawed, but only by accidental events or a fixed, five, six, seven, over five, six, the pound five, six, the only 18, two and provides them wireless wine. And for anybody out there who thinks that a little bit of authority, you have to be a US Supreme Court is still hearing these oral arguments. Can we say oral use arguments? That's going to have a decision for it, forget about it. A lot of the decision might be one day, two days, whatever they get around, whatever they put that twisted cross out of really one course 10, whenever they get that joint out of current promises, piss. Here's a mobile info water there, hello. Yeah, yes sure. How you doing? I'm doing great. I've put question based on your theory about the back of the Chad. If that's true, the one my theory, it's not a theory. Well, I may have your question if that's the case then, why would the punch cards be completely pushed through the whole card and then it wouldn't be able to be pushed through the presidency? Because that's the rather cruel of Chad. Right. I'm sorry. Because wherever the drippler is dead, that's the well, that's true. That's the one that's always what you're saying is it's going to build up only under the presidency, but not under the section that it's absolutely tough. It's going to have you guys going to make sense. Don't you want to want to, let me ask you this, which area do you think is going to get the most votes? Yeah, yes. I'm sorry. We're going to take a rich part of the ballot, you think in a presidential election, he's going to get the most votes in most precincts. But the whole card's going to get get voted on. Did you hear the question? No, because my card won't try to look at the new phone. Get a new phone, have the the Republicans buy a one and call us back. So you'll confuse these people with the fact that they had pictures of it and we did the yesterday and the day before, they actually had photographs of it. That's shown the bill up of the chat underneath what a guy who is supposed to punch the holes. That's ever so gets punched the most. That's why I was going to get for first. It's a chat and pile up enough to block a vote from registering so Douglas W. Jones, a computer science professor who chairs the Iowa Board of Examiners of voting machines in electronic voting systems. Like an answer to the draw must be and to quite often. And of course, I want to talk about how many chairs you can handle before they build up, but the fact is that in brief heavy precincts, what are a lot of voters and maybe maybe the less educated voters, maybe that's all a good of a force president. As opposed to this cock-a-many math, this fuzzy math at some people keep peddle-nust. That all yeah, everybody in a brother, they're surely going to vote for president. Or there would be other way around. They're going to vote for all these other things, but they were not surprised at so many people don't vote for president. Right, right. And the astroid to this story on a front page of the newspaper data son settler, now you know, ready and senior voters are most rejected. A third of all that is qualified votes, 22,870 in Palm Beach County, were concentrated in mostly black zones, where at least 8% of the votes for president went uncounted. That was in Broward, Jaden Palm Beach. 8% anybody believe in that? No, no. And now we have to, we have to argue, here's a guy, what's it in this guy title, he's a computer science professor who chairs the Iowa Board of Exenders of voting machines and electronic voting system. He's what they call an expert. Oh, he's a paid off the bill. Yeah, that's right. He's not only he's talking about the guy from Fort Myers, he was clap, and those five voters, the random ones ready, but you're going to vote. 1026 and 560 QAM. This is 560 QAM. The Friday, you first, please. This is the year that I'm gonna get smart, yeah. The holiday, friends, he has already started. They do pick your ever stolen piece. Man, they just know Rappers, pushing him a shuttle casing. So proud. Oh, not on your life. What would my computer be consideredreformmed? Hopefully the guys playing Trump online. I don't have to hear the fall, they hear the fall. I can't make a sound and hear the sign from the south of the north. That's what he wanted to say to the WQM. While on the front page of the Sun Sentinel for that jackass in four minors, here's an article about my nobody in senior votes are most rejected. I just got to give you the statistics about 8% of the votes for president uncounted and they grow it in a Palm Beach. 8% of votes are mostly in black zones. So, as voters interviewed in the problem districts described, two distinct sources of difficulty. A voter registration drive by several banks who upset many million experienced or non-English-speaking voters to the polls, some said they thought they needed punch holes for both the president and his running mate. But perhaps more significantly for the court battles, voters in some areas described trying to stab the number for Gore with their stylists and living typically resistance most likely from the days of accumulation of Chad. Gore's staff said that this is a queue reason by the vice president continues to fight in court for the pregnant and dimple Chad to be counted. Barnett weams a poll clerk for precincts 263 and 266 in Miami said he tried to shake out the Chad every few hours, although she did have one machine become clogged beyond repair. It might have happened once or twice because some votes still get used more than another once you said, in precinct 263 Laura Park Elementary School 98% of all presidents of votes counted were canceled for Gore. Just over 10% of votes cashed with this qualified and 3.5% of all voters showed no vote for president although all the way to race is more registered. You bet McCloud 39 a safety engineer for Metro Dave had trouble making your pingo through a precinct 263 by 830 in a morning. You couldn't get it to go in she said I forced it it took me 4 tries to get it. When McCloud returned home later that day she told her neighbors to find margin atkins had the same problem so that her father and her twin brother. Everybody was scratching their head wondering if their pin actually went through. The numbers burst to a black civil attack to the worst suspicions of what happened minority neighbors on election day. How do you like that? But I just made it up say I just made it up. So confused these republicans and a jackass of it are informed by are still confused in the facts because they still are fair and square. They got they got the inside dead from Chad over it. Here's a mobile info waterdale hello. Yes sir. I think it's the end of this morning mayors mayors will you win or you're fishing to halt recounts. In the hours before and after mayors they counted 10 recounters halted last week. Democrats and Republicans believe that one man had a power to determine its fate. Alex Penelas the 38 year old Democratic mayor of mayors. Of mayors they came in right in the morning of shopwater policy. Left Tuesday as recounts he can count recounts wrapped up dozens of new votes for a vice president out of war. The mayor had lunch at the governor's club in power halfy with republican state legislature. Later he met with other republican lawmakers who are significant to miss the analysis because for his legislature will draw new congressional districts in 2002. And miss it's now a little observer say I thought to running for congress as a republican. The next day the three members of the day Kathy. Madison board. One of whom works for miss the callers. Florida stopped the manual recap in cancel. It's planned to review the 10,750 ballots that voting machines said had no presidential purpose. The vote came during the sub floor to pre-course ruling that recounts could go forward. Not long after with Mr. Gore called miss the callers and asked for a telepromposing of board's decision according to what's remaining. The Gore campaign communications director. The Democrats who are using events and day Kathy as essential argument in our case. Privacy just that miss the callers double cost them. They say you can either influence the board's decision or through an action created a political room for congresses to stop the handout. We thought he was on our team setting senior Democratic official. He spoke on positions of autonomy and unity. And in the end. And the article goes on to say that Mr. Keros. The executive verse you'll begin on the 2020 set of the fat category in a very damaging moment for Mr. Gore. Mr. Keros was on the sidelines. Democrats' decisions were quickly aroused. While Democrats have made unreliable Republican protests outside the board's meeting room, the center of Elocis. Those who don't mind politics were ethnicity usually more important than party affiliation. Look for other explanations, motives. The whole political and religious vision of what happens surrounding a decision to close and the recats. And the recats said that the represented is the very least Democrats from Miami-Gay Kathy. People are suspect because would you be wouldn't you be if there were 10,700 votes that were not counted? The Democrats clearly believe Mr. Keros is in my life. May blame his actions at critical moment on his ties for Republican politicians here, including representatives. Lincoln, D.L.s. The FBI and early on are what's related. Oh my God. There you go. Who led Mr. Bush's attack on the Florida recats? Thanks for the bad news, pal. Thank you. Okay, may I ping up the Kenya? We call. Newsweek magazine and line with who was just talking about when the start of the vote in the day to recount. County Judge Miriam Lair was also reluctant to forward your head. Of course you talked about how I'd paid the layhead pay offended in the previous 1989 fight. He passed out. But anyway, he was reluctant to forward your head. And Orthodox Jews, he had a according to County officials complained about having to work on the Jewish Sabbath. She may have felt other pressures as well, but officially non-partisan, she is married to a Republican activist, Mining lawyer Bruce Lair, who, too much ago, was appointed to the date category of Republican executive committee. How do you like that? Oh, and it goes on a great length in this week's week, which I have my hand right now, to December 4th issue about the crap of our all these imported O-Jomp of Occupy to a blame that will broaden their history to the crap up. In fact, where is the one paid, where it shows this poor herders? Pushing and shoving, waiting arms and pumping fist about 30 or 40 couldn't cut looking young Republicans, poured into the 19th floor of the seminary, shouting, let us in, stop the count, stop the fraud. They banged on the double doors of the ballot counting room. Joe Gillard, the Democratic Chairman of Mining Aid, had the bad timing to arrive on 19th floor at 10 a.m. Just as tempers were flowing. Gillard wanted to pick up a sample ballot to show an expert witness who planted testify in the coming court challenges. Gillard slid the sample ballot and it was pocket. A woman suddenly yelled at the top of her lungs. He's fell a ballot. Demonstrators surrounded Gillard and began jostling him. The Democratic boss fled down the elevator. It was classic brown shirt tactic, he told newsweek. It was totally a deliberate thing. How often did I know I was a lawyer was designed to intimidate people. This is what goes on in Dave County. Under the guise of an election. Under the guise of counting votes. Under the guise of democracy. 21 before 11 in 560 QAM. This is 560 UAF. The Neil Roger show. The sports radio. 560. A-M. What are you saying? Backstreet pairs took a club for tomorrow. Any interest? Any interest in one? In Go and. Here. Anyway, here's the Roger concept. And then perhaps maybe yes. For the first time. I want to know what's the platform. The red-headed old son's argument. Arguments are going on right now. The other side will be speaking soon. And here's, as I say, and the agressors are all worse. You know, you cannot clean too much from the questions that the judge has asked. But from what they ask, they seem to be very, very concerned about their rule. And whether or not they should be playing a role in this at all. And I thought Justin Stinsworth is remark about. Don't we defer to the highest court of the land whenever we should. I thought that may be pretty telling Roger yesterday in their reply brief. The one file yesterday. The Gore campaign all but implored these justices to stay away from the issue of the role of the Florida legislature. Roger concept will be inside. Or the Justice Supreme Court said that repeatedly all of the questions, Red also was making the argument for the Bush people. For today. Yes. He's been asking why should we be hearing this and why should this be up for the Florida Supreme Court and the Florida legislature. And then if there's a problem after that, up at the Congress, why are we hearing this? All of it, not just the liberal judge, but all of it just has been asking the same question. That has not, there was no remarks made about the special session of the federal. Other, let me come back to something else you said a moment ago. You and Greta point out a lot of times you can't really tell from the questioning where the judges are coming from. But would you characterize their questioning as as harsh or skeptical or merely inquisitive? You know, I would say clearly inquisitive frankness. There was no ranker, there was no antagonism. But there certainly was a question of asking Wilson to explain why the federal judiciary should be involved in this case at this time. Also the question of the issue of deferring to the Florida Supreme Court isn't the Florida law. The Supreme Court, yes they reconcile these two statutes. They're absolutely not right to where they reconcile these two statutes. Perhaps we don't agree with it. But isn't this something that the Florida Supreme Court should be doing? Shouldn't we the federal judiciary be involving ourselves with the Florida Supreme Court? Even if we don't like it, it's really the Florida issue. And then they pointed out, however, that Congress has set out another state as part of the scheme that if there is a problem, that eventually it's Congress to decide, but they hint at if Congress doesn't do it right perhaps then there's a federal question, and then the Supreme Court could be involved. And Roger, as you were looking around inside that incredible courtroom today and reading the faces and the body language of some of the others, and I'm thinking of Lawrence Tribal who didn't hear, but will be arguing for the Gore campaign. Any sense, any reactions? Where do you write? Where do you jot down something to rebut later? There are great note-taking being done by all. The lawyers are too busy. I'm sure thinking about their own moments of fun to looking at what else was happening. There was one I thought interesting moment when Teralson, who, as I say, was being partnered with questions, and once who is being asked the question by Justice against very good-up and began answering, said, well, Justice, I mean Justice Ginsburg, and I thought, oh boy, this is a pretty time and a tough time up there. But let me assure you that he is acquitted himself very well. Roger, Roger, go. Okay, there you go. So far, now look into the book for the Bush Law Law, so will he, as Supreme Court. Listen, what are you coming to watch for, Jack asked? But anyway, don't confuse him with the fact, here's Hollywood, hello. Hello? Yes sir. Yeah, I want to deal with the issue of taking votes away from the veteran. Yeah. So we've got Cohen Pile. Does anybody ask him, well, he thinks about this? What do you think about one? About trying to steal votes away from the veterans. Well, what does that mean taking votes away from the veterans? What is that? I'm TV. I guess today these three lawyers that are filing a suit that they want to raise fellow votes. No, they want to raise the votes that came in after the deadline because it's not legal. Well, and not only then, they were, you keep saying veterans. They were not talking about veterans who talking about people who are active in the military right now. And also, the overseas ballotics, they don't distinguish, in other words, when those ballots come in, they don't identify whether they're from military, whether they're from tourists, whether from people who live in those snowboards, party or other countries, they're overseas ballots. Well, I think that when you have a soldier in a far off land, and they're trying to tell them that they're not going to count their vote because someone didn't put a stamp on or something. No, this is a muffler lawsuit about it. It's not about somebody not putting a stamp on it. This is about whether it came in by election day. That's what the law says. Well, I hope that we get a little. What you're saying is that if somebody's in the military, and their overseas, and their vote comes in later, it should be counted. But if somebody's living over say in France, or when Israel or somewhere there will come in later, it shouldn't be. Well, no, but I think it's understandable, but they were saying that votes that come in 10 days after the votes are counted. Yeah, that's right. They work counted, but that's what's being challenged in court because as I read from the article from the Herald this morning, it says that the rule was never made more, and it can fix with at least one state statute. And the lawyers who are filing lawsuits say it's a black and white question of law. If the ballots were physically received that to the election day, they cannot be counted. Well, I think that's a good issue with getting gathering the votes from the guys overseas should be put more importance on to it. From what I've read. In other words, if you're in the military, your vote is more important than mine. Well, you know what, blow it off your ass. That's what I say to you. These are the same people that are arguing about the equal protection clause of the 14th amendment, and about the recounts are bad because they discriminate and they make the one person vote more important than the other. And these are the same people, let's say, but if you're in the military, because we know the object probably you're going to vote for us, then your vote is more important. And I say, B.P. will, okay, blow it off your ass. These people don't understand a whole basic concept of one person one vote in this goddamn country. You don't get it. Whether it's one year or a Shapiro over there, who's there in Israel, whether it's any jackalwood, who's over there in the Amsterdam have a good time, or somebody in the military, whoever there is, the law is the law. And I'm going to say it again, it was your secretary of Bush, she was the one who directed every one of the 67 counties in their state. Were they written, they're effective? That if the, if the absentee overseas ballots didn't have stamps, if they weren't, they didn't arrive on time, and if they didn't have a postmark, they weren't to be counted. That was a directive from her. Well, come on, it's a democratic plot. No, that's right, I forgot. Here's course, please, hello. Yeah, let me tell you something about these veterans. There were a lot of veterans in Palm Beach County didn't get their votes counted. Yeah, and I said that the other day, that's right. They fought the, maybe, who else, maybe WWE won they fought and who knows? Yeah, they fought the wrong war unfortunately. Yeah, let me tell you something, I was born and raised in Chicago politics. And if any of these yuppies came into, the next time any of these republicans yuppies come in and start banging down the doors, we're going to get a bunch of guys who start banging them down. That's the way to do it. Yeah, I mean, I've never seen such a liberal, we have such democratic, we need to down here. It's unbelievable. The local democratic organizations down here suck, and that's been part of the problem. Okay, well thank God we have Mayor Pingu Picania. It's pretty obvious where he came out on this. Yeah, what we just talking about this year, they all these makefully, democrats, they'll hear in the deep south. All these people masturbating as democrats, but really being republicans, they're Bob Crawford and they're Pingu Picania and so many the others. And Jim Nagar and Fort Waterdale and the list of Iran and on who? Teresa of Thor and Tom Beach County. The Republicans in drag. And on for one last mayor of Pingu Picania, you have to trigger it a word, Paula, come to us, no surprise to me, none. You know, when you talk about fixed elections, and I don't care what anybody says to me because I've been here a long time. I've been here 25 years, now remember the election on the metro rail. The election on the metro rail, which they spent a fortune trying to put over and of course the hell was the participant they usually are. Part of that whole fraud and escalate trying to bring wars to public and put that over on us. And they were losing and losing and the election as a unit, they counted the votes were very slow and it went on and dragged on and on and on until the we are. And then very late at night they said, well, we have the last patients coming in from the homestead. Now let me ask you this, does the metro rail run anywhere near home? No, no. Is there any reason why anybody in homestead, we want to pay tax money to build a train to know where that doesn't serve them in any way shape or form. But why? Just like a miracle. It passed. Then of course we've had a series of elections where if you're for something you've heard no, if you were against it you hope yes. Proposedly done to confuse the electorate. The most classic example being after mayor Pingu Piccayne you got elected and in large part on his on his touch to the public that he wasn't going to do a part of a Mickey Erson and spending if your tax dollars to build a billionaire guy damn arena downtown. Mayor Pingu Piccayne you get selected now to send a thing though. We have another special election here. I wonder why not you people want this guy damn. What elephant. And it's the same thing if you're for it you vote no if you're against it you vote yes. And I remember again very specifically watching the election night and all two evening it was losing like two to one. And all of a sudden later on, late in the night, it turned around completely turned around. Whatever the other would like I'm saying it was 100,000, 4, 50,000 again. Now all of a sudden it was 300,000 you're still in them saying the other way around. In a past. And there's that ending from now until the end of time until they tear that building down Sunday you're going to have to wind up paying tax dollars and day counted for the upkeep on that building. Whether or not best 70,000 people are most nice and where they and where they headed to the same thing in the upper deck and at least in the macaroon we're not driving any people in the plant against. But at least we haven't had to close off any of the seats. They've done the sessions of town to talk about bush league a greater Joe Bobby stadium or peepy park whatever you want to call it. And during baseball season, they have to put that gray crack that they do over the seat to the upper deck to close it down. They put that gray whatever you want to call it schmutz. And that they do the same thing in there and not only that but I'm reading it a paper this morning that a lot of seats that were $16.80. Not like 33 hours each for the heat games. In that big spacious wonderful place that's a total according to what everybody tells me and then burst in an joke. That we had a bill from Mickey Ursa because what you've got in this town ladies and gentlemen are partners in crime. That's what you've got. Mayor Pingup the Kenya and Nikki Erson and a bunch of other goddamn grave robbers and don't ever kick yourself. Because a lot of people in this town don't count for nothing. You haven't got a chance. And everybody gets run around by the nose and every time just like with the alien business. It's the same suspect among the good heroes and all these other goddamn grave robbers come out there. Drag it these people around calling the shots. Ramones howl sand chairs. Making the ass bullard. Yeliana gross or bulls in again. Outside again it's like the flamingos of higher liya. You ever seen that? I got with the whistle. Guy has a whistle when speaking time. Guy goes out there. Those the whistle all of the mingles line up and they grew step along because they know they're going to get fed. And that's how it is in the county. We're going to have an orchestrated song in a dance. Get everybody ripped up to a friend. Ramones howl sand chairs. They get going on a goddamn this game. They're going to be a bit scared. They're going to be a hell of a used to be calm. I just changed it. They get to guide them. Boats go in with their little care of them. They get everybody in the streets. They get the cars going to block the road. And hey here we go. Just wait for me to whistle. Yeah. Whistle while you're jerking. Anyway moving right along. Here's plantation. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Good day. Good day. Did you notice there was an election in Canada? Yes. I noticed that they had one recount in some little part of Quebec. One little, whatever they call those up there, and not counties, whatever they call them. Polices. No, not a problem. On one little, like would be equivalent by county and Quebec. But I've never met everything once smoothly. And that's a frog got back in again. No problem. And it's a bit different. Oh, I see that Mayor Melos happens in problems up there in Toronto. Yeah. Right. You see that getting black me out by a couple of days. He had an eight million years ago. Yeah. Now he's getting black me out by a mere Mel. But anyway, last week I think you're playing a lot of that. The Dooshland Uber Alley's. That's during music that. Yeah. Very tough. Now when I need to practice goose stepping around because I think we're all going to have to follow. You're quite those for me, but it's baby. This way from the whistle. I've got Polka on Glenn West. You're watching in Florida once in your opinion. We got 57 votes over four not exactly stealing. Well, you know, that's because nobody's listening to you. They're obviously watching CNN. I understand that. Or Fox, gone for bed. The fancies news never. 672 votes like I said. The election of Florida was strict safety at 51 people. 71 percent. As honest as any other state you live in. Or 15.2 percent. Well, I've been only by accident events. 10 people, 13.8 percent. So so so far, 71 percent of this audience is this election was freaking fixed. This is five six feet. U.A.F. Fort 3-year-five six feet. WM Miami, Fort Lauderdale. A measly broadcast group station. W2am.com. We're a world of H. Just in time for the holidays. The most unusual Christmas album ever. Oh, girl, win free birds to Christmas classic. The most precious time, but the boredom's goop. Nose loser. Yeah, no loser. Whether in the summer and Glasgow. Yeah, no loser. Everyone's hit the tree. A loud sound sip of news.abolism is the very best home of shit. Don't worry too much. Now, I think there might be restaurants every May be, It totally ты active. I will. No, no, no, no you need me. Can't fit, okay, if I'm just going to do this, at five 60w to two and another 30 minutes in the Royal Augustine for the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court and the Supreme Court. Now I'm going to come back out on CNN and go up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up. And then Emma Pitted on. Politicians on this is part of the New York Times article that I was reading from before. Politicians on both sides here, St. Mr. Pinellas, were subjected to the most intensive lobbying efforts, while our Martinez Democratic mayor of Highland City spoke with Mr. Pingu Pequemia shortly after the week count was halved. He sounded like he was under pressure Mr. Martinez said. He sounded scared. And it goes on and on and on, a great length, many winning many pages. Somebody had sounds to me like here was made enough for that they couldn't refuse. Did never have sounds like that? Oh yeah. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T line, here's Miami. Hello. Thank you, I mean okay. You know what do you want to know for a penalty for you to put political opportunities? Always looking at these, I have my plans for the beginning of a political career to become standard and then look at what you have to gather and eventually pretty wanted to be a process-panic president. Oh yeah. But I haven't yet to be present with Kuanus Club. You are hopefully new or new or new, you know, just you look like I was going on, you know, your batagot occult and you can see your body changing. Yeah. See you very much. Ah huh. Pick on your throat. Right. That's how I feel about what's going on. You're Sam Morgan. Well you know what it's coming and there's nothing you can do about it. You know, it's good to work. Uh huh. And it's really bad about it. Oh okay. Well, pay for that article the news week. We're the one that's very good at. I was from a Republican factory for imported gunnier. Yeah. Given that that's a Republican young money. Yeah. That's the article. That's the one. And it also says, you know, have a great life. It also says they were headed placards for wave t-shirts to wear the solar loos of mintetrients and they were actually led in chance. They practiced it. Stop the fix. Stop the fix. Like how why do you should be at the practice? Yes. Count their votes. Let us say a sound of whatever they would be on. How do you like that? All orchestrated by the brown shirts, the fashes. Here's Tamarack. Hello. Neil? Yes sir. Okay. I got a chicken head story for you. Yeah. Reading an off-saver Chinese restaurant. Both of us ordered hot, hot, sour soup. Yeah. And while I got the soup on the left, right for my mouth, I'll look for my sea of hair. Oh. I take out the hair. It's a palm metal. Yeah. There's a bug, yeah. Oh. And I let it down to say, but the work comes over very sorry. The chicken is the way the gun goes. And it says, can I give you one time soup instead? Yeah. Put a cut up the water out. That's true. The chicken head was in the randron. Yeah. I thought I got the soup. Okay. Thanks for your attention. Okay. Come on. Let's go get some Nick head. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line 102. Both on that crew. The election in Florida was fixed. Oh no. 72.5% of the ticket was fixed. 74 out of 102. 13 people say, oh, is honest. He's in the other state. 14 said, oh, it was throughout the only by accident. Here's what house point. Hello. Please, a ridiculous. Okay. Thanks. Please, you ridiculous. I thought I was here. Yeah. He, I guess he sure gave it to me. Yeah. I'm being ridiculous. There's another emotional cripple out there that can't handle the truth. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. Thanks for your very compelling argument, by the way. Provide our ability to argue in the 4. We know what it was. Oh, it was very compelling. It's actually bad you're not up there arguing because it's your print court. Here's court's frame. So I know how you feel. Okay. Look, you hear about this business that's going on in seminal and especially Martin County. Yes, we talked about it. It's not knows you, yeah. Which, where they actually took the vote home. Right. And the Democratic vote would like to decide. Right. What they were doing, they were not put aside. They were just making it. They were tossed. And this is, oh, I don't know. I mean, it's in the paper. But I don't see anybody going to the corridor or make it. But anyway, it's in the on County right now before that's a black lady judge. Whatever her name is, it's in court right now. The judge, we're in the key park. That gets me excited. Well, then watch you over the weekend. You'll be real excited. We got some good stuff coming up this weekend. Like tomorrow morning. The hanging judge up there, the good old boy judge. I can't think of what his name is. Speaking for the end. The barhead. No, the Yahoo guy. He's great. But anyway, the tomorrow morning, nine o'clock, I believe. That's the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the closeabouts. So up the well. I guess you want some date County out there yet. How come, we're here, Roger concept, but we're not seeing a guy then Kira van Wood at his oozing. Finally, isn't there something that's sure if there is a problem end up in Congress, rather than with us perhaps later on us. Roger, we should remind viewers that what you heard, we will be here and very shortly after the overall arguments are over because for the first time, we're going to have video because I'm sorry, audio because that's produced. Almost immediately upon the conclusion of this. They'll be replied and we'll be replying in here on CNN. Roger, and what do we hear a lot of technical very close to the running of the little language and questioning? Well, yes, but, but not so much so that that it was, you know, it's like, I don't know, I read the brief so I knew what was coming and I knew what the issues were and the notion of having these judges or justices, we really start talking about the federal question. There's something that the Board team has raised at its defense and clearly that was something that I'm sure of the girls who knew that he was going to have to discuss as well as, you know, what the proper remedy is. You know, if they argue it is basically, look, what happened here was, for the change of the rules, that the State Supreme Court changed the rules after the election. The election was one way that after the election was over, they changed the rules. Obviously, you can't do that, obviously, under their theory, you can't do that. It's a federal question. It may perhaps even rob voters of their ability to vote and have their vote counted. So this issue of, is it a federal question and if it isn't, then what is the United States Supreme Court doing right now? Yeah, by hearing it, we knew it was going to come up. And it was, it was caught sometimes technically in terms of what the statute requires and sometimes, I can't hide the statusals. The one question I think Justice Kennedy may have asked he said, look, that the Board's as a statutory scheme, where the government says, we're giving you money for highways. If you promised to lower the speed limit to 50 miles an hour, what are we supposed to do if, if in fact they don't lower the speed limit to 50 miles an hour? I mean, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the, the. I think Supreme Court stepped in at that stage and those were the kinds of questions, I suppose you know, more hypothetical kinds of questions, but all going to the same thing of the system time for us to be here. Is there a federal question that's been presented? And, and if, and if there is what is the remedy, is it us that you'd be involved later on down the road or is it Congress? And the most fascinating part in hypocritical part is, you know, about the whole thing is these are the state rights champions that are arguing in the US Supreme Court. Trying to overthrow a ruling by the state Supreme Court, because they didn't like it. How do you like that? So they, so they charge the people, but when it comes to counting votes, they trust machines better, and they trust the rights, but when they get a rule and that they don't like, then they go to the federal government. What's the same bush that was up there you're arguing about all the bitterness and devices this and the federal government is too big and Washington, D.C. and you kept saying it without the G, of course, Washington. Yeah. And maybe some of the short moiders on the map. Wow. Here's what my as well. Hello, Mr. No. Yeah. For my, I fought Myers. Yeah, that's what that was. 560, 560, 560, on the 183. That was near a finger picking his boyfriend, I've heard that was before. Moaning in a dark room in the Amsterdam right behind our gov scene. Ever heard that? They're not for the worst sweetheart. Even if you're under the 560 WCW, that's a bunch of really good morning. This is Vice President Al Gore. I believe you should know, counting has always been an important part of my life. Why I have always counted running over and over until I get a number I like. For example, on Christmas day, I would count my presence till the aggregate total reach 23. On my birthday, I would count the candles on my cake. So each year, they total 22. That's the year I Rothschweig. Cherry was my dog and I loved him. So please, understand, I am upset over the recent criticism, Leveled against me regarding this election. I have hired the nation's premier counter to assist in this election process. And his work has already begun. Ah, ah, who really in 110,000, 8,000, 40,000 votes for goal! Ah, ah, ah, ah, we'll get to the bottom of this. Me and the count. Thank you. You're welcome. This is Al Gore. On the 13 at 560 WCWM. You think we're not a carry that thing at all? What are you smiling about? We're not that many audience if we don't carry that when they play the audio paste. In quarry minds, one and one don't you think? Yeah. I'm gonna have to figure out if you get the commercials in, but the public wants to hear the scrap. Here's Pooline. Hello. Hey, Mia, I just want to echo Joe earlier. I want to apologize about my call yesterday. That's not a reflection. You obviously have a surprise. When I call, I guess they're about to two people, or I will be just going to do it for a while. Yeah, okay, great. Call us again in the body year. Here's your pepper prime. Hello. Hello, Mia. Yes, sir. I just want to say that that judge in Seminole County has to do the same thing that was given to the Democrat, that they both would turn down because they were not a correct. So she had to post both sounds. That is the only correct measure that they do on this year. And that's for me. What does that mean? In Seminole County, we publicly know about that. So the answer to that is, they gotta be drawn out to the Democrats. They have Democrats. They have a lot of Democrats. They're not going to have a hundred voted, but they're going to have a bunch right there. Out of those fifteen thousand absentee ballots. Right. That's what I want to say about the emergency. I'm going to tell you, this is a conspiracy. I'd like to try to help over the bag over the face. Okay. Okay. Those more people are there. Okay. Yeah. And I'm going to ask them to ask them to ask them to ask them to ask them to ask them to ask them to ask. 560, 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Who's this group though? Okay. And let's get to it. Like four of the I can answer to their name and give them to the I. And they are some tourists to your jackass with a funny hair on. I thought it was like somebody knew something. 560, 560, 560, on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line. Many, many work but line to this morning because obviously I'm talking to myself. And I understand that because we're small potatoes. And thank God for the TV set. Thanks a lot Jeff. Speaking of the pizza lock. Can you imagine doing what we've gone through with the alien business? And now we're the election stuff. If we've been ahead, this TV set in here. And the satellite dish. And whatever else, all of which was provided outside. And of course the fact machine which I bought with my own money. If we watch this, do it yourself, do it your security and the cheapest package on the face of the year. Here's cool geables. Hello. Okay. I can follow quote from Madagascar. Maybe time to go to that group with a domestic paper. In 1984, a house from Pabla can leader. Once in a flat the demand to recount in its future has left so late. That leader was my only Republican, let me tell you. That's the chain. What a hypocrite. What a gift. Hey, one more thing. Yeah. They may be back. There was no reason why the military, I'm a guy of military. Yes sir. There was no reason why the military could not get their votes. On every charge station in ship. There are federal pilots, which are recognized by the state of Florida. Okay. All right buddy. There's a little of the way. You've got a police. Okay thanks. Here's a Navy. 560560. Say how to run your stop by. Com 560 on the AP and P and Verizon Wireless Line. Out of town line 877 756145. That means we can order a lunch reggaist, George. Or you know something Hank was right about these geables gone. You have a scorn. Whatever you call. There's delicious. I mean they're a good for you. But I like they're just come to do taste better. Yeah, I like taste better. But think about the work. You've got like fraud in your mouth. You know they're like, uh, like, just roll me. They've formed all over the place. You carefully don't get any on your lip because people start talking. I don't really care. 560560, 560, 560, 560 on the AP and P and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a lady mobile in Miami. Hello. Hey. Hey. I'm a fan of the hearing. Do you hear me? Yeah, your phone's not the best. You're the voice of a few minutes ago. They got you behind up the phone. I'm not a bit okay. Got me now. We got you. I got you. This is me on the 50th of about the thinking back to the 19th of the 60th of the last. And I have to run this by me. Okay. Your phone's clapping out. 560, 560, 560 on the AP and P and Verizon Wireless Line. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hey. It was a call before. That's kind of like the bridge. That was bridge. That did. It was my respect. My mind. Yeah. My favorite part of the call was when he said. I didn't like that. Yeah. I like that the best. He's kind of one of those marine guys with the boats and the ships and the boats. I think this is going to cost like a major news of a war. I think the country's going to keep in half over this issue because it's real funny that one guy being pressure to resign the other guy is, you know, he's in his transitional phase. You know what I mean? Yeah. And I think now you know why I think I don't know. It's not a good person's only. It's one movement on in. You know what we're going to run in today. Whatever East Wing. And you know what meal the day that this happens is the day that you know, fish or something else. That's why I wrote that that guns to remove the government that was there illegally. Oh yeah. That'll do a lot of good when I start dropping those oozy. Those mootcon bombs. But nevertheless, it's a little bit like you see. Okay, here's another one of these. Uh, can the live video in Boka? Should we promote this? This is not a list of not the what's his name. They can't be very good. They've been missing good on TV. Yeah, you know, it's better than those potless sepers. They've got kind of own, especially that the pot. I think it's a moose stuff. Can the live video in that situation in Boka? If you care about democracy, don't allow this to be still or it says today. And tomorrow. I'm going to testify December 1st. Saturday, December 2000. Hahaha. Well, let me say again. It says Friday, December 1st. And Saturday, December 2000. Uh, street food, December 30 PM. Lays road and town center. Who would be one? Ninth thousand votes. Michigan. I stand a new to the stop. I have no idea who this is from. But A. Have a good time. The more meaningful one that I think was most specific was the AFL CI. I'll add in the hardest morning. It says that join us. We invite all four of the citizens who care about their vote. Join the new rally at 30 PM today at the Stephen Park Government Center. One 11 North West first grade in Miami. In fact, free blanks. Everybody if Steve Park had his way. I'm sure about the course he has done the say about it. That's what he did better than the European European. If he's going back right now. Just pop up the mature. Have you ever seen that ad? Is it kind of psycho that insurance, wife insurance company? The AFL she keeps the husband. She's got a pop up in the chair with the pine. He's got a phone room here. I don't know if he's doing that. And he's dead. And the wife comes in. Always rocking way again to the right. He's such a mockery. He goes in and she pops him up the other way in the chair. And she takes the paycheck and he'll probably see. And it's so long. That's what we ought to do with the Steve Clarks body. Do a hell of a lot better than that pingo patini and be a lot less dangerous. Here's a mobile implantation. Hello. Hey, yeah. Yes sir. Hey, came here from Ohio. Let me tell you one thing. I've never seen it so screwed up case of all my life. You got it. That's just case. But the only thing that come good on it is there's four burrows. And that goofball from there or governor of this place. In four years hopefully in some of the bitches we out the past. Yeah, two years for Jeff. He'll be long gone. Yeah, I don't know about that because I didn't go to the bastard anyway. But he was hit right in the wrong and the public didn't take up no higher. Because he'll punch a cry and bleeding and you know whatever. Yeah. But then you know that's really good things to come out with. The cool thing don't stand the chance and hit out with win or this. Same to the court and we'll get a little baby up there and these people will realize how good but it was. Okay, you said. When I'm they all walked out after him. Now, I don't want to for not not quitting. I remember what I would have what I did and I was terrified that was going to happen to me. So what the one exception to that rule is if the Justin's asked you a question, you can continue on past that red light until they're finished asking you a question. So that may mean that this could go. If it's as active with Mr. five as it was with Mr. Olson, that could mean it just could go on for a few minutes more pass that hour and a half level. Again, just to reiterate in the part that I saw which was that initial part with Ted Olson arguing on behalf of the Bush campaign. There was a great many questions that seem pointed about whether or not this was a federal question whether or not the United States Supreme Court. This was the time for the United States Supreme Court to be involved in all. Should the United States Supreme Court, what is the standard for the United States Supreme Court to be overruling a state Supreme Court? Shouldn't all be given the state Supreme Court and doesn't dispatchatory speech set on a scheme in which if there is a conflict that Congress resolve the conflict rather than the United States Supreme Court? I want to reiterate an underlying again that I've only heard one side of the argument. You cannot and should not draw conclusions from how the judges are leaning one way or the other. These are the kinds of questions that should be expected and that wouldn't be expected and I'm sure that Olson did expect. Kind of changing his tone, Lord Banalden. But anyway, we're seeing five six out of five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and rising one or one. Our poor question today the election in Florida was. Six hundred thirteen out of hundred and fifty four that's seventy three point two percent. As honest as any other state twenty one thirteen and a half percent fraud bowie by actually that event twenty, twenty, twenty nine percent out of hundred and fifty four votes. Here's a mobile and plantation hello. Hello, yes sir. You know I agree with you about Gavis Khan and about those conchigo commercials all of them are pretty clever, but I want to talk to you about a few things number one the Cuban Americans. They seem to want democracy and Cuba but nowhere else. Yeah, well, I'm here. Okay and the final one. I'm still here. The second thing is the election. I think there's one point that's been this. The exit polls show that for one, you know why? The exit polls ask people how they think they bought how they voted. Yeah, a lot of people's one counted. Okay, we know that's a heavy rate day and thank you and say how do you're Cuban friends. Five six seven five sixty pound five sixty on the AT&T and rising one of the one. I have to came your who this is what I would say to you sir. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. I think I did change the head that all the fact the other day when he found out he was going to have a bush and a clue when the white-out is the same time. Adam material. Okay, yeah, before you started five six seven, oh five sixty pound five sixty two. But we don't have CNN and the BBC here today. It's a huge great call today. And like I've always said why should there's been a different from any other day. What's the best night or saying? It's going to be generating to some kind of a partisan split which just reflects the partisanship. And that's a simple question for just a moment that the Supreme Court does come out with something approaching a unified position even if not unanimous. Wouldn't we then those still expect the partisans on each side to play it or spin it their own way? It won't be the last word necessarily the closest. But making a difference, you know, this strikes there's no risk I need you're some serious help. This is the guy that was so agitated when he did we do nothing about bubbles blow job. This is the guy that was so indignant and again, maybe somebody other show what that's all about. How it works for you to put it. Have you ever taken the McDonald's for once a day? Maybe you get a make head to get the, you know, a little similar. Five six seven or five sixty pound five sixty is already moving and placing Lucy. Hello. Yes man. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm not a couple of cops. I like to know anybody knows how many times that rich, thick, and thin airs. What are those on Sunday? How many times should I do one? Okay. Your phones breaking up sweetheart. Have camped in buy a new phone. I thought that was dark water. We're talking about Chitrix, my, Chitrix money. Five six seven or five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T and Verizon wireless line. Why does the change belong? That's fine. And the, I mean, spring through the thing is that the US Supreme Court, which will mostly, you're a fully anticipated Supreme, that's like going to say this is not for us to hear it just statement and don't bother us anymore. What that's going to mean is the photo Supreme Court is going to be what they should be. And that is how they, you have final road here in the state. And so that if these rulings are being on Cali cannot in a way that the Bush people don't like. And then they're going to have, we're going to have to appeal it. Phrotters to the photo Supreme Court. You know what the photo Supreme Court's going to say to them? That's what they're going to say. And then they're going to go back to the US Supreme Court. They're going to say, boom to the US the first time. Twenty six pounds to eleven and five sixty double to come. Look at those, the protest is out there. Not for the friendly and a friendly way, yelling and shouting. Police here, that's the battle. That's the battle. It's been very, very jovial. And that is the scene out here now. Two sides of them to express their opinion. When they say, Jen, Jen, and what they say, even he's so. Oh, yeah, Jen. Take a little, Jen. The Neil Roger show, sports radio, 560, 2A and. She takes short of dozens. I've fixed the record. And now the Neil, let's just go to the electric super father. The down. Thank you. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. I am the girl. The guy there was the girl. So, the total is there. What do you think? The total is the total. Why is the day I was? One, two, three. And now the last time. And now the last time. On 10th, enroll in Can Prince, move on to connections. That's the stealing. Extended. Twitterz forearm. And on 10th. First you talk about 21 bad people. Hello, my dear. First you talk about 21 bad employees. That's the Underground problem. I'm weird, and I'll help now, maybe go to a pro-merifle. And not so person people being here. 42,006,000 available, I see it because it usually is about 6,000 ever again, 6,500, 6,000 only 42,004 night screen, and that being the fact that as you know, we'll have about 2,000 fake Redmond Santernet, now about 500 will be real redmond fans, and there will be about 1500, only for running a local people wearing redmond jerseys. We won't really redwin fans, but because they won't two standard close-back to back, I'm going to be a fake man. I don't want mention no names. 4,001 fans are not. But anyway, least of these people understand, I hope, I'll be there. Here's a lady in the queue, tell us. Hi. Yes, man. I think people in over and over again on lyrking, overrally last night had this. It's about the hard counting. Okay, we're back to that. But they say that by a girl's name, there's an indication the rest of the bag is punched out. Why? Even Hudsonson, on lyrking show last night, you know, which one that is going to turn at her Hudsonson from Texas? Okay, Bailey, yeah. Yeah. Well, she was saying that why, and she was saying was going in fine steam. She was saying why would girls in have an indication that that would be punched down? Well, I saw it after the election. I think they were a voter. There was a one of the polls that she tried to push through. Well, I go to the chat if they'll copy that. Exactly. What they did was when she called for my other, which a lot of people didn't do, because primarily people were voting for president. The government was either at the ballot, right? Naturally, we would go through, as they voted down the ballot. But these are not going to be in this aside. They did when they attended, when over and opened the machine to pull out the chat. We said this all out under door calls. I mean, now these now are being here, though, to be in prison to the side, because the Republican are protesting that symbol of factor and intentions. Yeah. So anyway, I'm just first. Even though we can't, I mean, again, the recounted Texas where they were, the Republican who was running for a state legislature in Texas, lost in the matter of a week out. Every depot vote was counted. He's still lost, but to be the head of the ballot was counted. Yeah, my point is that on these shows, they say they have to go to the ballot. If it's not consistent, so if there's a simple, by the presidential, regardless of the broad-short gourd and the rest of the ballot is country through, they throw them out. Well, the fact is that if the intent of the voter is clear, the risk got to be counted. That doesn't mean it's the end of the battle. And again, we only heard half of it. As soon as the grid gets wired up, she'll be right over. Should we open it? It's all not open. It's all not open. That's a great way to get wired up and come. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. I'm glad you're here. I'm a election law specifically. It's a right vote. I'm a Republican. I'm a Republican either with this and can gross. I have to ask you over now, because I can't ever and explain by Roger, your impressions and what are you expecting to hear when we hear the rest. While I read yours, right, that this is a very aggressive court in questioning, and they're going to be very aggressive with both sides of the issue. That hasn't always been true. Twenty years ago, when I had my first case at the court, I was a purger court, some lawyers referred to what is sleepy, howl. But the other case is, I can't define pornography, but I know what it is when I see it. PURD from Roger, let's see it, a lot of the top of the first inning. He's the boy. Yeah. I'm seeing the other side and what they're playing. And let's just take a moment to step back and reflect on what this is really all about. But this is all about it. The US Supreme Court is whether the Florida State Supreme Court exceeded its authority and the local, rather than nearly interpreting law. When they said you could hang a house and you can exceed that first deadline that the Secretary of State said she was to certify Florida's both five. That's correct. It's a very narrow issue. And what happens with Supreme Court cases is they may decide a very narrow issue. But the way in which they may decide that issue can have large implications. So, then, from Roger's report, you have to see what happens. If the court concludes that this case is really at this point up to the state and to the state Supreme Court, because ultimately it's the decision of Congress. Well, that has enormous implications for this whole process because that takes us to January 6th or January 5th this year if it has a joint resolution at which time both the House and the Senator are going to open up the ballots for the electoral college. And, as we know politically, the House's Republican Senate is going to be democratic if we see evenly the Biden with the Vice President presiding. And that has the rest of the reform in pass. Let me just hit a rock a picture that you see here is the audio technician and the poll. Yeah, what poll charge that in the audio tapes we presume in getting ready to apply them. So, very sure. What do I do the break right now, okay? Because they're going to stay a plan up there. So, I guess it was like Bush President and Gorbache President. Huh? Oh, sorry, sorry, that looks like there's a good chance of that happening. But I just said we have a little bit of a pin there, I said it right now. All today, Monday, as it can be, Bush Tuesdays, you can be going every other day. Just make sure that it's not on a shot, because we're going to get pissed off. You bring going in on like a Friday at sundown. And that's where it works. 24-12-25-60 QM. If Friday you first do... Hey, Cassey, this is your day. You know, that's where it's going to be. You can see the air up there. So, all the people have been over there. They wrote, say, what the heck is this? Clap it, say, what the hell is this? Showing for this. Clap that clap. Is that you? It's a pro, no, this is your thing. Every fool has a clue. Just clap, clap, or it's their whole shoe. It's pitchfro. It's a duck's smile. If they're not, I'll fall in all. Hey, Cassey, help to tell them. You got to get pissed off and normally you can't hit a hight. You know, all the guys are helping them. They're wrote, say, what the hell is this? It's a fucking 42-56 QM. That's great. This got the two bullets. Two. Anyway, we got the lesson two minutes to go here. Take it up on how many of you will get from the head of WGB or the KC-Pone-Cepink and the one that's going to be a good one. But at the mid-time, we got lesson two minutes for the audio page to play. Let me ask you, what are they going to do with P's and slow-pocken here? That's going to be interesting, huh? Let's just sit here and watch. I'm sorry. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, P on 5, 60, on the, sorry Larry, but the pitch is coming okay. Do me up. You idiot. Here's a mobile and Western, hello. Hey, I just want a quick story about your station on election day. I was driving in my car this morning to your program. And I actually got in line with my mobile. I want to give you a call to tell you what the voting is. I'm not working in Western and I didn't remember the phone number of stations. I called information and that's the QA and actually got the business office. Now I have to know that the phone number is the preacher, New Yorker. And I'm going to give you a similar idea. They have no idea. And I said, well he's on here right now on your station. Yeah. We have no idea. How do you like that? I'm going to do a little care. And they don't care either. Okay, thanks for the good news. They have no idea and they don't care. Just like what people call for numbers are responses. Or we don't care. That's our management set it to a real care. We can't be bothered with that. So a little bit of that's advertising on this radio station. We've told you this before, but at least this is the one show on the station. It's on us. Our management doesn't care enough to provide, you know, with the list of numbers. You can deal with the Georgian, we don't have it. The eye on the chief justice and the associate of justice. I'm a Supreme Court of United States. Have you always had time to music or do one? Every day or a, or a. Hey, how old are you? Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Yes. The Supreme Court of United States has managed to draw near and give their attention for the court. It's now said in Mr. Petticus. I think that's not a safe place. And this animal court or you are a lawyer. Yeah, I'll put the first call. Are you a good friend? No, no, no, no, no. I don't want to hear. Oh, no, no. Oh, eight, three, six. George W. That's best time. On beach County, Kimber Singh Bordy, Mr. Austin. And they please the court. Two weeks after, nobody knows that. The number is seven years ago, and not an attention. The court is Supreme Court overchurned and materially rewrote. Corsians of the carefully formulated set of laws enacted by Florida's legislature to govern the conduct of that election and the determination to govern the country's law. These laws have been formulated by the Florida legislature. They're so into an express television of authority. Two years by the United States Constitution. The election code that the Florida legislature developed. To conform to title three, section five of the United States code. That provision invites states to devise rules in advance of that election. The government can't control the law. This is a coalition. The coalition is a coalition that provides rules in advance of that election. To govern the council, new votes and the settling of election controversy. The minister, Austin, isn't section five sort of a state carbon provision. First states. And you think that it gives some clear to the president. Why you think so, and we'll have to stand a bit to overturn a flag of decision based on this section. We do, just as a child. It is a shape harbor. We do justice, O'Connor. It is a safe harbor, but it's more than that. The N-Section of five of the title three needs to be construed in connection with the history that brought it. That I would have thought it was exception, the burn, in which some election contest is a form of a commoner. A factor that the Congress can look at, in such a dispute, I just don't want to understand how it's been in the period of the first. That's why I mentioned the context in which that section was adopted in light of the extreme controversy that was engaged by this country, the result of the 1876 election. And as this broad knows that election was very close, it led to controversy, contest, discord, Congress was very much concerned about the possibility of that happening again. What they did was, and it's typical of the student-branded programs, they said, if you run a clean shop, then we'll give you a moment. And you don't think that the answer is what everybody else. Just a Kennedy, I admit that it is much like a compact that Congress is offering in the form of section five. Yes, you can do these things, certain things will happen, but among these things, what Congress wanted to benefit, what Conrad to accomplish, was section five is not only the provide the benefit to the states, but provide the benefit to the United States of the states accepting that implicit political letters in the opinion of the Supreme Court of Florida, that indicates that it relied upon this federal statute in recent years, in the recent first decision and in its judgment. Well, I think the fact is that it did not what it did was, if it just regarded the compact, when the state adopted a code of the ethics, a code of election procedures, the government election and the determination of this country for so and the election, it brought itself into that safe part of it, and guaranteed to give the voters and the candidates in that state that the controversy can turmoil, that infected this country after the 18th century looking for a federal issue. And in my studies, Kennedy, the problem of the issue might have been like that the secretary of state was instructed by the Supreme Court not to jeopardize the state's chances and its side of the three WST's section one through ten. And so if the state's Supreme Court relied on a federal issue or a federal background principle, then God has wronged him who can be. Well, I certainly believe that it mentioned those things, I think he has the same that a blue pass, the important provisions of section five and the benefits of section five years to the states, to the voters in that state, and to the people who want to block us in that state, that is to say that if the rules are compliant with, if the speech or resolve according to the rules that are set for it, then not only will the electroschorzion by the voters in that state be given to the state, but we will not have the controversial dispute and pay on such things like inflation for this. It's supposed to, unless the law is not a kind of emotional federal benefit scheme, let's say the scheme, the state's can get highway funds if they oppose their highway speeds to the certain level. All right. And so, all of you have the state Supreme Court that in your view, unreasonably interprets a state statute as not holding the highway speed to the level required in order to get the benefit of that say farmer. Well, you think that raising is a federal question, and if you put a peer in the state court decision here, because it's applied the state for the benefit of the highway from the sidewalk thinks so. And what is this in the different conditions of way, feels different? Because this is the personal article too, because the Constitution was best to throw in to establish the rules exclusively in a legislatures of the state, high-end reception, five, second-rate. As this was related, let's just talk about section five. I mean, this is a little bit of a constant question, but it's not a little bit. I know why I said section five, and that regard a little different from a highway to the public. I think it can be that big divorce from the law to the Constitution because it's a part of a plan for the best in the legislatures of the state and in section five, the implementations, part of the two, in the sense that it provides a benefit not just to the state, but to the world. But we're just talking about the fact that we're just, I assume, that if we work on that, the Justice Scalia type of critical, we could find a case. We're, of course, adjudicated with reference to the federal principle and Dr. federal principle well. Did the Indian and the British plan that come back? Do that happen to you? Well, I think that the state did not pay the state Supreme Court did not pay much attention to the federal statute. It was obviously a well, but it did get the federal, there's no, there's no, the Constitutional issue here. Well, the reason I got one exaggeration before we believe that there is just a scanner to be good. Although the state will recognize that it blew right past it, the state legislature adopted the code that the section five, the article three, up title three, invited it to do the state Supreme Court, which had no way down to the Constitution, but I can't divorce the Constitution provision from section five. But then over turn, the plan that the state enacted, through his legislature, to make sure that what happened on in Florida, was not going to happen. And so, what the state Supreme Court did, knowing for a well with these provisions existed, over turn, the carefully enacted plan by Florida, which of a minister also, do you think the congressman passed as, say, you have intended that there would be any judicial environment, but I mean, if you think in just when you would be, there's a direction to Congress saying, what we're going to do when these elective representatives are as per county. I think it wasn't in some of the corrected Congress, but it seems to me that in the context in which it was adopted, and the promise that it occurred, that the conclusive effect would be given to the state selection of electors that there's somewhat empty remedy, and it doesn't accomplish Congress's objectives if it cannot be enforced by an agency of a state government, steps in as the forest Supreme Court did here and overturn the plan by which the Florida legislature careful is set for a program so that this piece could be resolved, and we wouldn't have the controversy conflict and chaos with the minister, but we should let it in as it is, and we're sure that your submission is based on the premise that the Florida Court will return something that this statute has done, and it is not highly of the least that all they did was feel gaps that did not bring the rest of the floor. Just a few of them, I don't think that in this case that's even remotely eye-cool, where whatever the state Supreme Court did is state a set of time-hable, a set of provisions that N.S. and the first one is demandatory, and if you still have the shall-date, concourse, and I'll respect it. No, not necessarily that the one or two, there's the two provisions, or I mean, I don't know, one, one, one, one, one, two, one, two. One, one, one contains the shall-date, one, or two contains the may-date, who have heard of those statutes, both of those provisions say that the returns must be a show-be file by certain deadlines, the shall and the may provisions simply relate to the possible remedy. Leaves have made that under leader interpretation. The secretary of state of floor that either must, or shall, ignore those returns or may set those aside in her discretion, as the end of the Wednesday or the next of the day, the plan of the returns from being filed, the chief of head discretion, either to accept her rejectory returns. Yes, I could have the idea, where have we discretion? That which need be compelled in that event to accept the returns? I don't think so. She took the beginning as the total total discretion, either of separate returns. That's, that is, there are any circumstances in which you would be compelled to accept the late return. I don't know, or getting, I haven't thought of any justice to you. Well, you're asking an effective, it's a mandatory deadline, I wonder if you really mean that you may not have a quick idea. The problem is that if you, what we're saying is that either is mandatory, in which case she could not accept it. If you don't know whether it's mandatory, I don't believe the orders to bring forward and the, and the, but it's the circuit board did in that case. She said that it wasn't the most successful purpose of the shiding event. It wasn't up. I have that at one of the things that's interesting, we have the extent to which you say there was a change in the law. It's so convenient. The, to know, at the end of the act, we have to know that you, or the law, was before this, or not, we would be, I think that the answer that this way is that whether we're sure or more, or maybe, it was not must accept. And there are any circumstances with not must, with no, under no circumstances it was a must accept. Now there's some even an action down or for, I don't believe so, but that's a shame. Because even if we're on forwarder, like it has been most of the, it's in the federal government, that when a facial has discretion, they accept or may not accept. And that is the eye of our design, even if it's a breeze. Yes, so I could put in anything that's possible, that when the court says she must accept, I'm a certain circumstances. What they mean is outside those circumstances, given the circumstances here, it would be unreasonable to refuse. Well, what the court did was self-contained those circumstances, but virtually to make them not exist, so then what you're arguing about is the determination by the state court of Florida, as to what the circumstances are under state law, where the action of the state official would have would not be reasonable. I think that, yes, but I think it has to be looked at in the context in which that was done when the state Supreme Court so-called Supreme Supreme and says in its opinion, shall accept these right return, until by the PM on November 26th, and in the context, there was no discretion left for the Secretary of State at all. You said I'll also be right there, and you could submit the Supreme All-World, but I thought it was a key thing of the court of the state. The court of Supreme Court said, if the deadline and that can fit, we've been under the version of the court, but for those in that sense, there's a shame of me, under certain circumstances, it's great chance. And then there's a rather detailed description of the context that's meant to say, the timeline for one with an answer we count is on the fixed scale, up to your action, and it would be impossible in a popular count, to in one day, do what the statute instructs must be done and as a weak count, the prior of the Supreme Court said, if the Biden was appointed, so it's too complicated. And the first one, the mentioned straight out on page 21, or you are offended. But, yeah, we have to do a lesson privilege in between the next steps of the B-C-L, and yes, but it's a deadline. So, we're going to get some time to get some time to prevent it. But it's okay to talk to the Supreme All-World, but in any way, we ought to take a break. Because the commercial is real good in, I don't think we ought to take a break. You're noticing the audio tapes of the oral argument to probably West Supreme Court this morning, on the Bush motion to over-reli a floor in Supreme Court. Are they going to over-roll? No, they'll look good. For free, you'll find six feet. Now that you can play M-I-M-E-Port-Laterdale, a measly broadcast group station, so it's W-A-M-D-M-D-T-O-M-O-N-O-R-A. It's not even, instead, we are going to read the short, so the will of the people, the will of the electorate, the will of the voters, so this big, and we are going to act, because we definitely like the statute, but we are going to, we are going to, especially, we like the statute, we're going to resort to our equitable powers. So, we're going to, and among the things that the court did, and no arrangement of them, as I have indicated, we took away the discretion of the Secretary, and instructed her to accept these manual read-down research, and on the integral powers they were doing that in sending a new deadline. And I don't think you would argue the case would have been more acceptable if there'd been no deadline. No, no, wouldn't have been. But, and then they found a place between May and May and shall they rely on four traditional stands, and those batch-3 construction and not equity at all. They recited four kinds of statutory instruction, just as Stephen's. But when they said that the big use goes to that instruction, and as a statutory instruction, to say that the words may and shall mean shall not. That is not a reasonable exercise of statutory instruction. I think what the, this relative, obvious, the what the Supreme Court did, is exactly what article, section of, section five of article three, and ten's not the happen. I don't think that any of that way, Mr. Olson, it seems to me that the portion of their opinion dealing with statutory construction, and it was a conclusion that the Secretary has to ask the question. The portion of the opinion, and following the can of construction, there's not place any limits upon the Secretary's discussion. Well, the, the, I agree with that up to a point. The minister, but the minister, that she must accept these returns, after the deadline. That was not on the basis, as any can of statutory construction, then was on the basis of the state's constitution. Well, that's why. But, but, so there was no way out, and what the court was bound to be terminated, and what the minister's opinion was to get to a consequence that the court determined was consistent with the will of the people that he respected the rules and the rest of the rules. And it's the minister's opinion that, when we respect the citizens, we're significant in the right most federal level to be in terms of the unspoken, and the state to claim the right that if there are two kinds of revolutions, one that will, then future that court, in the judiciary behavior, that of them has already, into dishonesty, and the others that would read the opinion to say, we felt this threat of attempting to continue the state now. But it may have been wrong. We might have been checked a little bit differently, but we might not be aware of it. I would like to answer that in two ways. In the first place, I'd never been to suggest that I hope my words didn't, that there was a lack of integrity or any dishonesty, while these four are Supreme Court, but we're saying that it was acting outside the scope of this authority in connection with a exercise of power that is invested in the other constitution. The minister has to be aware of that. We think we should be able to focus on that. But who is the regretting time? I'm almost any other circumstances. Yes, justice, justice, justice, but in this context, in this context, we're talking about federal rights and federal constitutional rights, and the rights of individual citizens under the constitution, and so therefore the court that this court has very much. Mr. I've answered, just focus a little more on this. So, very, if it were purely in our state now, I suppose we were willing to leave it alone for the state Supreme Court Center, so we probably have to persuade if there's some issue of federal law here. Otherwise, why are we answering? Yes. And I'll be relying on that regard on Title II, and the July 2, the July 2, the July 2, which allows the court to rise the federal issues. Well, that's interesting. We are very definitely relying on part of the Constitution of the famous of the Constitution, debated long and hard. It was one of the longest-based of the place during the formation of the Constitution. Where should this power be lodged in the federal legislature, and the state legislature, and that would do for what? The one thing that was discussed and rejected by virtually everyone is that the power to select the manner which a letter should be appointed would be in the state judiciary, and we quote in the state judiciary. That was rejected. The notion that it would be vested in the state judiciary was something that was rejected and what the framework decided to do was to best it in the state legislature and did it. That's the data authority under Article II, not just in the state, but in these stages, I think it could best it in the judiciary if it weren't, as I read the McPherson case. And here, those times have been noticed, they could just be said, we're going to invoke the order more election procedures, which was more than all of the embops and interpretation of the courts and contrast procedures at the federal. But it is, yes, you could accept that justice penalty. But what it did was supplant a set of rules, a lack of an act of the four of the election to govern the election, or a set of rules to make up after the election. In this case, let's assume that it did that, but it's like the argument. I want to go back to the issues that the chief justice raise is a little bit of a while ago. And I'd like you to comment on this line of reasoning. You had section five, conversing in the statute. Students to have gone to great lengths to provide what to do in the situation that you are describing, accepting your view of the case. Section five, it says, if you do certain things within certain times, the conclusion of you grow at this kind of econclusive upon the Congress. In section 15, we set out in fact an all-ever set of contingencies. About what the Congress is supposed to do in can do, if there is a dispute as to whether a given set of procedures in the state have conformed a section five. Section 15 refers to regularity, refers to legality and unionality. It looks to me as though at least at this stage of the proceedings. Congress is said, if there is a question about whether this if given provision in section five, construing article two has been satisfied. Then this is the decisional treaty for the Congress to follow, in deciding what to do about it in resolving challenges. This looks to me as though at this stage of the game. The statute is committed that the determination of the dishes the U-rays and the consequences to follow from them. So the Congress, why should the court, why should the federal judiciary begin to fear in what seems to be a very clear-break thought out scheme for the term, and what happens if you are ready because I should admit that that rights section five essentially out of existence, if an agency of state governs different states. You have not been rated out of existence. You provide some section 15, what happens? But if the state agencies does, what do you say is it in the state? If it does what you say is it is, but a good point to stop. If it does what you say is it is, okay, I will have just to see what it is going to compute. I am going to say that you are doing it five, sixty-to-one whoever wins this whole thing will be sitting back and letting the debate still be. Like that, let them a big fat one. All the Bush wins it is just the issue of guard. Do I know how to go by the way? You know the issue, guys? Yeah. I will call on Frank, you are a small over. I mean, he will hope you are. The Neil Roger Show, sports radio, five, sixty, sixty, a half, and say you do these things shouldn't consequences will grow from it. Or it will be these things. And we submit that there is a picture of the courts are here to protect the benefit of the bargain that we are allowed to make when it respond to that invitation. And because what we have to separate your statutory item from your constitution, we are going to do it. To the extent that we are relying just on the constitution, you will feel the Congress court by section 15, and we will explore the courts from the Jordan Caving and Constitutional and the book is still this time. Well, I don't think so. But it's certainly true. Express its preference for a steamy whereby the initial litigation, if you would all at this level, would take place in the Congress to acknowledge that as not to say that the issue is just visible or the discord that somehow been necessarily excluded from the process for all of the time. It is simply to say that the first line of litigation at the federal level seems understood to be Congress and not the court. It doesn't matter if they are reading a 15, there is not a good reading of such and far. The other one to this question, I would like to be sure well that that was your, I don't think section 5 goes to the issue. But I think the question is whether it's a clear reading of section 50. I don't think that they can be read in isolation. I think the section 5 was designed to avoid the problem created by the controversy and the habit of a result was in Congress which is exactly what did happen in 1876 and was a very unsatisfactory. So in 1876, Congress did not have a, you could do perurals and you would have made up. Congress did not have perurals with respect to conclusions. But it now, and the end of this section, and that's right. And it put those rules with respect to conclusions of this in section 5, the board of legislature brought into that scheme. And now the board of Supreme Court, which doesn't have been in the constitutional authority for the issue in section 2 to do so, upset that scheme, the pride sort of the benefit of doing exactly what Congress wanted to have happened under section 5. I would have put the Court of Commission Reserved at that. And I would have put that very well in the chosen. I'm just a clock, or a different view. Yeah. Most of their clock has been explained in the section 6, which is just what some may have pleased to court. And our argument is simply addressed to issues having to do it this long to long. The chosen plan to 30% in the committee, I have a secretary is this, that the law in the state of Florida on November 7 was changed by the Supreme Court of Florida's decision from November 21. The secretary is not contested the right of the Florida Supreme Court to change the law of Florida. He's simply pointing out, she is simply pointing out, if a law of P.C. should there be a secretary named name and in some instances, she has a discussion that a court does not or can a court do whatever she might do. I'm not a Florida law. Under Florida law, she has a certain discussion that I think the court probably does not have an protest period, just as can I do. And that would be that she had the discretion to decide whether or not the attorney committed after that seven days. And that's the basic one two thing, because we have in the record. In the opinion, we were issued by the Division of Elections that talks about the circumstances in which the secretary would exercise this question. And the second is the letter that the secretary sent to the clear board, campus and board, that requested an extension of time after the 14 deadline had passed. She sent a letter out, she said, please indicate to the whether or not you attend a file return after the deadline, and if you do what the loser's ought. She collected a set of criteria, she applied the criteria, and then sent a letter back. And what she did, Justice Kennedy, in the case of the Division's letter, the opinion, which of course is binding under Florida law on elections officials who received them. She, in the Division, had said that there were certain circumstances such as acts of guard, court teams and that kind of thing, where the discussion would be exercise. When she came up with her additional reasons for considering whether or not she would exercise with a discussion, she indicated a number of them, which were also contained within the record if the during the 10-20 million, she had to stand by the risotto of her report, with a sense of state selection would exercise the frustration, then she sat she would have to exercise the discretion in those conditions. I think she would have to exercise her as well, quite a bit comparative. Yes, sir, you think that was clear before the attendance of the court in this case. Yes, sir. Let me just ask one general question for you, comment on whether it's a change in the law. To what extent in your view, was the discipline court of Florida considered itself bound by either prior precedent for the Constitution of the state, which we existed? In terms of handing down the invisions of the particular resolve of reach in this case, I believe the Supreme Court of Florida was looking at its law in terms of our particular legal law that it wanted to have been and on its own court of basis. What it did, and obviously, it's the chief court of state, has the right to do whatever it wishes to do, which respect to law of law, who bound by evidence of the state. You think how he found out their decision was dictated either by prior precedent or by the Constitution. I was saying, I don't know whether they thought that or not, but that's not what the opinions says. It's not if that the opinion is pretty clear. They start out by talking about statutory construction, and they think everything on the use of the word being covered, and then they sort of turn the word in cover to use it as not intended today. But then when they get to the point of designing the real rules they're going to afford on, they don't talk about interpreting the statute. They then go and take it on principles of equity and the Florida Constitution. And indeed, what they end up with, your honor is this statement, if you expect to the discussion of the Secretary of the Republic and that is this, and it's on 35 of the joint attendance. We conclude that consistent with Florida's election scheme, the Secretary may reject the words that the the Cavity Board and measure returns only theft. The returns are submitted through late, that their inclusion will preclude to categories from contesting certification or preclude. Florida fooders from participating survey in the federal electoral process. Now, we're on our, there's only relay. You've traditionally been was entirely new. Yes, I have just wanted to clarify your submission answer. It was not dictated by the Constitution that were by prior pressure. I've got to say the more of the word that is said, the word required to court did rely on the account and their Florida account to do it. There's a section of your opinion devoted to it. Thanks. You're on a, in devising the, in the, in the, in the Florida Constitution, but the issue that we're here on as I understand this, sir, is whether or not the law changed. There's no question that they'd have a right to do that they do, well, I've just had a look for after another's name of the issue, to what extent of the Florida's Supreme Court of Constructing the statute rely on our general provisions of a Florida Constitution which was very sad of their opinion. I think they did rely in creating the remedy on the Florida Constitution. I believe they created the right that had not previously been seen there, which they have a right to do. But Mr. Chief Justice, think issue again is whether or not the law that they are articulated on November 21, is different than the word of the Florida Constitution on November 7. And how in separate areas of state, in exercise and expression was sent to volume, the standard that would be established on November 21. In a position as long as it's different to evaluate section five and, and therefore, we have a right to step in. Well, just as clearly a room of honor, dress up the federal issues because we're in a situation where you have, for a visit, federal court, where you have the right to do that. I have a part that, but we now have the secretary of the state here, we have the handshake, and the legislature have filed by a movement in a court that states it's not here. So for the little unusual, we haven't addressed the evitions, but the issue of question yesterday, but can you tell me, upon when this petition was filed here, the secretary had not certified anybody the winner. Well, now the secretary has certified a winner. And therefore, I guess whether we win, whether whether you are signed, decide your supporting wins or loses, doesn't change that. And I guess that's moved. And well, I'd like my first videos. If there any respect in which this really makes a difference this case, how I'm thinking if it does make a difference, the numbers are bogus that I'm a very right for us to decide now. How could it make a difference? What's the consequence of ongoing one where they are now in this case? You're mentioning all the difference because we've been requested with the court to be termined that the law, in effect, at the time of the election, was that many were weak counting of ballots would not be permitted to address the voter per, which I think is been expensive. We don't have the all-supposed vote on them and the relief was those who are signed. One, and the relief was, fine, it could have been certified on November 14th or 18th instead of November 26th. Now, what's the consequence of that? Well, just that. For getting what the reasoning is. There are consequences that close from that. It is denial, adverse, significant, concrete technique that predict now has been proposed to speculate. You know, the immediate result would be that you would have a margin, written instead of being five or thirty-six voters who would be nine hundred and some odd votes, and it would only be added to, as a result of whatever was added by the overseas ballot. So, in the last case, it said, we'd say that a claim was not right if it left upon continuing future events that made on a curve of antithritated or indeed made on a curve at all. And so, what I wanted to do is this is that in this realm of speculation is to whether and on it will really, really not make a difference. A difference for the outcome of the election because there was a ongoing context, which is similarly related, and it would involve a Supreme Court's attention. And of course, the purpose of Supreme Court of Florida in coming up with the remedy that they came up with a completely changed period of time from a relatively short period of time seven, very few protests and much longer period for a contest. We now have a situation where there's 19 votes in the protest, and 16 votes will accelerate to achieve this stability, delaying the times for the contest. I mean, it didn't convince me it's good that they're sure that it doesn't have time. You know, that's more than what they're doing. It was a test for the nation here, first. And if it not the case that if the votes are as they have been shown that the under votes are the Supreme Court's opinion, the race is much closer, and therefore some counties under Florida will conduct recounts, otherwise will not conduct recounts. There's a letter of recount, as it does to depend upon how likely it is that the root of the county is going to change the outcome. The order for law is returned to the point that was under November 7, though there's no right to a manual recount to correct the voter error, and that will then be a litigation that currently exists in the state of Florida, which will be opinions of the Secretary of State's Division of Elections that were issued, and also the State of the Law as it existed at that point in time. The record shows very clearly there is no dispute that there were any problems with burden machines or any of the tabulation problem, good-goating machines. It was simply when they went through the process of what is just as can be heard in a discretionary way to a man in the account, not a mandatory one. When they went into that and did the test, each of those privacy boards did not find any problem with a mechanical problem, it was simply a problem in terms of the state of territory. Thank you. Thank you. Okay, thank you Mr. Clark. We'll get back to this twice this afternoon in 560 WCW. Only in the banana republic, baby. Only in Miami. It just goes to look like a very dramatic change in any side of Florida court. And I'm wondering if that is consistent in fact with the notion expressively the infection thought and so that the result would be the first goal of Congress. It would be a change. I agree that the date was implemented for some of the court's actual powers. All the need to be resorted to any of the other lives and statical and all instructions. The court was made with a situation. First of all, we're because of conflicting advice. The counties have started and then stopped conducting men no recounts. Because of advice in the sector of the state, which the Supreme Court all of them had been concluded to be aronious. And that advice was, and this was really the beginning of all the problems. The third advice was the provision providing for the recounts, many of the recounts, not requiring that getting a zone of the options only came into play when there was some defect in the machinery. And it was not available for our overall error. That is for voters who didn't punch the cards the way they were supposed to. And the attorneys, your office came up with the opposite conclusion. The secretaries, we can tend to know that had always been the role in Florida. Is that the case? Do you know what any other elections in Florida in which we can't afford conducted? Well, many of the recounts because of an allegation that some voters did not punch the cards the way they should have. No problem with the machinery is working fine. You know, there were a quick introduction saying, chance, so good. No, it's never happened before. I would have never happened before. But I can say that the Supreme Court uploaded for a hundred years for the duty out of election officials to discern the intent of the voter. And while the secretary of the state refers to a voter error, when the ballot is punched, that's under the laws of the state of Florida is Interpreting by the Supreme Court, that voter has cast the ballot. Even if the chat did not deserve it, if in your position, if any interpretation is a Supreme Court of Florida makes to implement the will of the people who is never a new law. I can't say it ever, but I say it on the case before the court, all that was before the court was ordinary statutory construction, which must be resolved of whether the court would agree with it or disagree with it, must be respected by this court. That's a very non-faceted fight. You know, I'm a part of the thing about state institutions. If these fights are in the community, now I look at the page as it works in the state, it's a proper fair field 27A for the second time, that the section, the section governing manual recount appears to compress the section of the deadline, and the treponsary net conflict. Yeah, but if the rule or rights, that should go to third, if this is what it is, but it's good. Yes, in third and more, it's been an operation. The statute could not work together, because of the time to the Western Nendalee count, the extent of the job of the manual recounting the section that requires when you recount. It's 102. Well, 102.166, authorizes manual recounts. That's indifferent to a requirement. Yes, but once it starts, Justice Scalia, once it's authorized, if the initial sample recount shows an error that might affect the outcome of the election. The goal has been required to, among other things, conduct the full manual manual recounting, but it's required to do wrong of three things. One of which could be a manual recounting. Yes, it could decide to do one of the other children's statements. Yeah, the problem is, by the time, there was, I mean, the court says that there's a requirement to do manual recounting. I don't see anything in the text for the statute, but there's no client or manual recounting. The statute requires that the election officials attempt to discern the cause of the error. Here, the cause of the error was that in these counties, there were that the machines were not able to read silence. 1000 ballots, in Palm Beach County, the machine did not read, including the vote for president. That was the issue, so the solution that had was not the machines, even when they're operating properly, would not read these ballots. But what was left to the county, Anderson Board, that was to do the full manual recounting. And the language of that statute again says they shall do a full manual recount in those circumstances. And the circumstances that the food may authorize from the manual recount, that's not required. No, if it goes authorize, then it tells what the count of doing, and says they shall appoint as many counting teams as necessary. Presumably, it's necessary to do it within the time. Yes, just to sort of, again, these under the law, these requests can be made up to kind of hand-to-same. That means that the 6, or 7 days, and also the number of ballots that issue here, between 650,000 in Palm Beach County, and also 900, and up to 900,000 in ballot counties. If that is a statutory problem, the courts resolution didn't even solve it. Because even when they were extended to time, they're the same statutory problem, and since there still was an amount of time, under the extended deadlines, for some of these counties that haven't enormous number of votes to conduct going on in the weekend, isn't that right? Yes. Well, I mean, I mean, to resolve a supposed conflict in the statute, in a manner that leads in place the same problem that existed before. It seems to me not a real, where's the luncheon of this statutory for? But the Supreme Court tried to plan it all together to make it work just as well. And again, it came up with a solution. It's a secretary of state argument here that is based on the secretary of state, herself recognized that she had the discretion under Florida law to accept returns filed outside of that seven day deadline. A breakdown of the machines in her view would justify way returns. A failure of the machines to read ballots would not justify way thought returns. The Supreme Court said that the legal standard she was using was wrong. That mismitted, that decision of the Supreme Court is a law in the state of Florida. I'm going to take it into a time two minutes, Mr. Hamdot, because you have another chance to stay alive here. I don't need to answer time, I don't see it all the other questions. Okay, good. Because I mean, we're awake. We're going to be a literally tribe. 234, 1560 WCOM. They're a bunch of tricks basically, aren't they? No matter what it is, yeah, I'm out. And how about that roof later, Ginsburg? What were you doing? What time is sure I'm sure going to be out? We'll still begin for it. Sounds like heat practice in Yodermek, Donald's in the Gives him the kid. What they were am I doing this, aren't they? All the no change in condom bands is the Vatican. I just thought I would stop there in here. Oh, okay. Oh, okay. That way the wrong. And they continue being as repressive as they want to be. And whatever you do, don't forget. Big luck, Sacken, in the church. 2321 at 560 WCOM. The real Roger show. Sports radio. 560. You say, excuse me. Yeah. No, I'm scared of the love girl. No, I don't think so. Let's just get justice. It's just that I don't trust my own imagination. Do the drifts at all, possibility. So, example, in the case in I think it was in 1990 in the Gio, the green. Well, I'm sure it tells that only state can punish the was voting for presidential elected. It got into the act sort of, of neatly and at an angle. And that had a bearing on the question of how the presidential electoral place might be composed. But there's a way to get into this. No, I just shouldn't have replied to the judge. This might be the, so that's the, I just suggest in real bad, please. But it is not, I think it is not self-evident. The, the Florida legislature at this time has the right to appoint any slight benevolence, because the Congress is that the date and the date is the general election day. If that is so, doesn't do us mean that when we talk about just the should be able, we must be very careful to preserve the role of the court. You have said the, the material of the state at the stage in here at the library for the Florida legislature, now has no role. You have now said that just for the court has no role. That means the Supreme Court of Florida is it so far is a judicial interpretation of the consequences of Supreme last week's section five. So, just as kennany, first of all, I do want to be clear that in our view. The question of weather and wind and power, the Florida legislature is in no way presented here. That third draft was intended to suggest that it's not obvious that the view of the storm that there's no problem is right. Secondly, if it were the case that the Florida legislature could not simply decide, well, what side of all this counting we're moving in, and that this court cannot decide whether the conditions of three U.S. defense section five are met. It would then remain only for Congress to make a determination and adding the Florida legislature would not have for all of added editor to the candidate. The right point is that puts hydraulic pressure on their non-discissional argument and makes it a very, very important argument and a critical argument in this case. Well, perhaps just as Kennedy, but I frankly can't see how it would affect the decision in this case. That's for all you have before you a judgment of the highest court of state. As just as the spirit program, others have suggested it would ordinarily be the case, surely, that one would not go out of one's way, that should read the judgment as a breach of state with the duties of trying to reconcile provisions that are- Oh, I just in the area of presidential electors, it could be that that court as all courts would be on perhaps the day in front at least by the provisions of section five in reviewing the laws and etiquette by the legislature. It's been a bit of a register of one hour with the Florida court that that statute was fair and that might be in the state's best interest, not to go around changing law at the election. But just to clarify, I certainly agree that if the Florida Supreme Court adverted to three U.S. T-fection five and as that's the Kennedy Astralier's got it wrong, then there would be a federal issue for this court. Would it be a one that federal issue? Yes, there are federal issue if the court doesn't. No, the answer is not. But it would be nice, but remember it is in court. It is a part of Article Two, which after all thus gives the legislature's winery paneler, and last of the law it's not supported. It has the laws in place. So that law doesn't, so that law doesn't wish losing its electoral vote. The New legislature has the law to have a better acting law and perhaps a plot of court that tends to be a rare of the consequences to the state of changing the rules. But just to clarify, under Article Two section one was two, the authority to regulate the manner of the the choice of the electorate is vested in the state legislature. It is the state legislature decides from the beginning to exercise that authority by instructing the various institutions, certainly not just the court, the attorney general, the secretary of state, that in right particular ways to exercise their roles in the process, what a certain view by a mass in the bank, and your is the certification date. How could it have been quicker? Well I suppose it could be a violation of Florida law. If the inactive of that date is construed at the direction to particular authority like the secretary of state or the state bias court, it takes certain actions in order to get the benefit of this bonus. But only the violations of federal law. I don't know how you get a floor to law without a state law. I'm sorry. I think about the count of one of the institutions. It might have been a violation of the new one, and the new one is of a block of change. But the questioning of federal questions, which is really what raises here, can only arise if the rest of the secretary of five is something other than what is also called a new equation to the committee. And you also arise under the inspection of the Constitution of the Constituent Black, that's quite independent of three U.S. for a check. Each one concluded that Florida had violated its duty to empower the legislature to take on his regular direct steps. If one concluded that the world of legislature had relied on the state current situation in a way that the Black states have self-community in controlling the statute. I think that's possible, Mr. Chief, that's this. But the judgment before you doesn't provide even an inkling, I think, of proof about those matters. All we have. Well, we've got your one or two. Well, I think you're arguing several bitter-related things. One of the things we've not doing is whether one could in good faith reach the conclusion novel as it was in some respect to justice upon and wiped out that before that Supreme Court reached. Now, if the answer to that question was no, perhaps, if there were been private issues in this case, then if someone had a protective interest of the danger that would be relevant, but the federal questions that makes that relevant here would arise only once forgot the three U.S. protection side with all care and knows. And I don't agree with you on that, Mr. Chad. You've seen some of the other questions arises. If there are a Supreme Court in the opinion, rather than saying that we're using a law that comes to tuition to reach the result of the raging constraint of statute, I think Black was a strong argument that he can do that. Well, that they can never, if that's the real past, I don't, I certainly stand for the top of this and you couldn't do it then. Yeah, in those circumstances, they're not. What would indeed I wonder about the circumstances here that would say that in Western filing these provisions, which at first we would call for mandatory, then we would say, they're not mandatory, they give discretion. And now we're called that the real issue is simply give the court in putting boundary on that discretion, do something federally and permissible. What would it be about that, Chief Black, that would have been okay. Your issue is to be part of law that's written to that, in a Christianian, what instructions of the statute can reflect? We've got to unblock your additional principles. There's a Harvard one where there, but if you don't say that, I could say, well, in the wider, but broader constitution, and the general rights conferred that, we're construing this one. It seems to me that as a chivalry, as a way of shedding light on the provisions that are in conflict, so long as it's not just in a way that conflicts with a federal mandate, they're not violating any. Well, I don't agree with that. I don't think that the Florida Supreme Court used the Florida Constitution as a true little interpretation of the statute. If you look at its opinion, it's separated into very sections, I mean, the issues we look at before legal opinions that the original election survived the applicable law, role in six statutory ambiguity, and that's, and seven legislative intent. That's the section where they can scroll the statute in zero of these ambiguities and so forth. That section concludes. Under this statutory scheme, the count of canvassing were required to submit their returns to the department by five in of the seven-day following the election. The statute's making no provision for exceptions, following the manual recap. If a word fails to meet the deadline, the secretary is not required to ignore the county's returns, but rather, is for many different ignored returns within the parameters of this statutory scheme. So what the statutory interpretation has issued is a firm termination date of December 7th, and discretion in the secretary. The opinion continues. The moment is the right to vote. The text of our far-forwarded constitution begins with a declaration of rights. And it goes on to say that to the extent the legislature may enact laws regulating the electoral process, those laws are valid only if they impose no quote unreasonable or unnecessary quote which trains on the way to the suffrage contained in the constitution can never read the word or to pay as quote clearly saying, how to be true in what the legislature's rate of intent was, we find that our state constitution Trump's that legislature's intent. I don't think there's any other word in the meeting. And that is, that is a real problem it seems to be under article two because in fact, there are things no right of suffrage under article two of the list. There's a right of suffrage in voting for legislatures of article two makes it very critical legislatures can itself appoint the elected. The first thing that is already been receded in the legislature can delegate that function to the judiciary. And when Justice Kennedy asked if it can delegate the functions of the judiciary and that is what Mr. Smith seems to be up. Then it cannot delegate something left. That it cannot work cannot work with the judiciary a role of the stock that the judiciary is in view. After all the legislature and this is important, it's not true in every state, the legislature itself re-pulligates the constitution of least several years and then it's ratified by the people. You don't dare another, you know, please one head show. This is in another way of looking at what we saw in court, and that was in effect to apply that the statute of the interpretive criterion. If we are there is any discretion for interpretation and unconstitutional results should be avoided. And because you have here a statute of Zion understand that the regulations can both be or end state reconnels, that much is, I think, as clear. The only way to avoid an unconstitutional meeting of the statute so far is why it all was concerned was to get into this constitutional concern about preserving the franchise. And it because the legislature intended, one standard to cover both federal and state reconnels and therefore is valid to consider the state constitution in order to derive the general meaning that we apply to the federal as well as the state election. And I actually, I fully, I fully, that that you just consider our supplement with one important point. We're not viewing here with a decision in which we're doing the gray area where, of course, the reasonably-related right, this part simply said, we don't care about these federal considerations. Here in particular, exercise it equitable power in favor of the petitioner, the order to facilitate meaning in December 12 deadline while still everyone will have a electoral contest. But that's a separate long deadline comes to a different federal law. But can you just go back to your characterization of the opinion? I think we all agree that given the legislature has to select the man, the state can't say our constitution selects the electorate. I suppose that I'd like to write, or at the point in the mis opinion, suppose the court said, that we reach our results based on the cannons we found in Blackstone. Now, nobody's been to say they've said Blackstone is selecting the electorate, right? I said that all I said, now, I suppose they said, we reached the decision based on the battle rules found in the constitution that would be Blackstone. I think that those days say, well, we legislate your wants us to do as, but our constitution requires us to do not that. That might be different. Now, there are a lot of users that they've done here. But I certainly don't think they've done the third. They did not say, I think one may underscored the presence of language that Justice Scalia read about what's mandatory. They were simply being candid about the fact that there were acting in conflict with one part of the statute. But the United States had sectioned in the opinion for the United States write that it was incited, the right to vote in his act to the legislative and its intersection and it says categorically to the extent the legislature may not acknowledge. Their invalid and I suggest perhaps the reason that the court dignity is that however expansive the document constitution values there is no way that it can make for December 7th, mean anything except December 7th. I think they were all those that constrained to use the constitution. They've just incorporated the front deadline. It's actually a set for me, just as I was saying about you and I think that one point, Justice Opponent, who is starting to the particular date that came out differently and then the approach that this court used from what word of the merge this they had looked only at one or two points, one or one run. And looking at the states, we'll all respect. It's not as though this court promulgated a rule for the future about December 7th, and the commemoration of the court of the World War II, December 7th today. No, what they did was say we have to find a date, which will accommodate these conflicting statutory provisions and policy in right of what our constitution tells us. And we're sure, it was in a way as I was thinking known to this court to see anyone say, because in a opinion that was organized under a Roman rule of head and the professor trying, and I'm not allowed to say, but I'm going to bat Hiddick, or finish this up, thankfully. Prophet V7 and 560 QAM. This is 560 QAM, 460, another QAM by Andy Portwaterdale, a measly broadcast group station, wqam.com, and a word. A lot of the people are there. In writing, you know, the names are pretty good. You would bother with it because having decided very clearly what the statute requires, and finding more way to get around of the front-day set, you say, the reason it's bad, is because of the state constitution. That tells Ritten. Now, let's say they don't like to try it another way, but you can see, you know, they also say that the provision that reaches the results of conflicts would be authorized to recount. It was written in 1951, that in 1989, they wrote a provision that understood the way to order the expressions, and you haven't yet discussed this provision also created, provision that's written of the terms are filed in late. It doesn't say, so on, away, doesn't say it's given. Back it says, fine, every member of the can was in word $200 a day. That would be a totally crazy provision. As this opinion understands, if you were not to reach the reconciliation of this sort, this result was over return and explore it a lot. It's nice and true that they said the constitution also points this way. If there isn't a sentence in the opinion, the gesture would out that constitutional argument, the result would have to be this, what is the no-games of 26 days? Is that the seven day day move? Or is that some kind of the date that tries to reconcile the ultimate point after which the secretary exercises her discretion, a longer past-loop step of the late returns that it moves you from the statute that it created the new date about this discretion. What is it? It looks to me like an exercise, a chance low foot, as it were in this particular case. When I saw the date of October 26, I couldn't come up with an algorithm or formula that would generate it. But the court was confronted with the past of drawing as this court had recognized, but sometimes inevitably arbitrary lines. That is, it says it was not consistently overall scheme of the backers to require these recounts, which had just begun to terminate. That truly would be promised to be ear to be broken to the hope like the munificent regret just to eject us at it. The main offer is will. Why tell people the count if you wrote her? And it's the lecture at the HFM Jump-Into of the breach and said this same thing about the move that a new attack? I'm curious, obviously. Honestly, it just is kind of, I'm not sure because the language that I quoted from three USC section five focuses on the institutional dispute resolution arrangement that is in place. And if you whip up the legislation of history in the letter A to FU in the period after the HFM Jump-Into debacle, that history felt that's on the importance of having a six-tribe urinal, which you could look to, rather than one cooked up at the last moment. And indeed, what they assumed in the real spread of was the political entry of legislators and executives at the 11th hour. There was no focus at all, but I'm using you can't tell us whether they're in the hypothetical supposed but that would be a demon attack. Well, they're certainly in no cases on the subject. The language gives me very little guidance. This section is addressed to Congress. I mean, there's nothing about it, or there's the court opinion. And you know, if you could tell us what you might advise the Congress if you lose this cash. I think I would advise an Congress that is not a new government, but it is an entirely reasonable construction of an existing enactment, as to which the only alternative construction is to make itself described and to make it internally contradictory. And I honestly don't think it's, if I were advising Congress that I would say, the new construction. I do think also that some people reasonably could argue the contrary. And I guess I think it is language should be interpreted whether by a court or a by-conver in a way that gives some efforts to the state government and its orders. And I think any degree of effort here in particular with saying that there's been a general violation. Essentially when I want to remind the fall of the context, are we going to say that this paragraph in this opinion says the Florida is your green job article two of the Constitution in general hard to say. I don't know there should perhaps be some different spell to the concept expressed in article two that it is the authority of the legislature in some special concern about what the legislature needs to say. Yes, but if the legislature is entirely happy not to completely delegate this out to the court, which article two would permit. But rather to allow the court to exercise somewhat more flexible role is then the one that the critics of this opinion would be inviting that within the power of the legislature. No, because we would have thought that the legislature in children's leaving open the date or changed by the court. Any of them can just read the statute in 1989 and it says may, it says she may reject. But that doesn't change, that's not the date. No, if a date is the one from which the may is measured, that is, you're supposed to get it in five seven days later. What if he doesn't, when if he doesn't, she may, or she may not. The check-up, now, anybody reading that would realize that's a deadline only in a kind of the putty in the statute, that's not a real deadline. She's got the spreader. Certainly it's there that active dot of the search of the specific things. That's about. Well, then the secretary came in and argued and said yes for a discretion, we'll say that one asked if God, or a machine by the way, on the two work, we had to reassign her to discuss. And it's an entirely normal exercise of judicial interpretation to say that this statute is not limited to God and machines. For that, trying to get an answer, why you think the plot of legislature delegated to the to the furthest Supreme Court, the furthest who will enter pose the Florida Constitution? I mean, maybe your experience would be a legislative branch is different from mine, but in my experience, they will resign to the intervention of the courts. But certainly never intended. Well, I have to make it easier to find the the swarrow legislature affirmably in-minded the Florida should be out there that the system in Florida involves their own reprombigation of the Constitution. And there's a scheme with the discussed the resolution of the state over election. There are the short distinction between elections to the wrong house incentive, which they will trust the courts where the fire is written flow. Better as hard to be resolved exclusively in the house incentive. And all others that we resolved in the courts understand the fact that they understand the way. And the fact that they are resigned to the thing need not be resigned to the Florida Supreme Court in jeopardizing itself with respect to federal elections. They need to be because the Florida Constitution cannot affect it. And I think that is already impossible. There is merely invited the Florida Supreme Court to underpull the Florida Constitution between what they enacted by statute and the ultimate result of the election. Well, as the poll is just they were at all part cited. If they're not the wrong work, and so have self-configured it. Well, they might say we will want someone you will be authority to black and style these provisions to do so in the right not only of their rural language, but of the fact that they're dealing with some things very important. The franchise, the big and franchise in people, which is what this is all about. It's in franchise in people. It's very nice. The winters as I like the federal as well as the state opposition. But women justice, police, suggestion, VA's, foronger suggestion if they had dealt by the statute, only with federal elections, or only with the presidential election, as opposed to dealing with low state and federal in the same statute. But we're not an economist, given the condoants having similar regulations apply election day and not to buy per day. But I'm going to do Mitchell. Okay, I'm getting a worse headache. And here's a fact, this is my projection of 64 for us. The only problem is that's 10. Six to four, my time, my checks. I know we'd be doing a lot of adding with numbers, but that sounds like that. I've been there in the weekend. However, the fact, so I think, has got a good point. When Chris, Colleanne, O'Connor, yeah, for Bush, and Thomas, he's got also for them, which is probably true. In other, he hasn't set a guy that they're more, he's busy smoking, and people are going to stop him in the army if he opens up a mouth. They're good point. Anyway, we'll do a little more while we get them or the break and maybe not for whatever I can to handle anymore. It's making me sick. 9 minutes after one at 5, 60, WQW. Best of Neil Roger, 2000. Just good with back to music store near the order to m.com. On the net. Well, best of Neil, 2000 with a great width life. 10 was first in a top into a mind. What do you think, they see? Oh, my, and he's slow about the key in this one? In fact, there's a lot of this. It's probably Valentine's Day, and the blow to the world is totally over there. It's a time with classic. But that's the Neil Roger's 2000. On Sports Radio 5, 60, and you any man. It seems to me there's a very different one to read the Florida Supreme Court decision as saying, oh, no, we have been told. It's not. But then he also needs the Florida Constitution in their view, in the backwards view, is coming on everything else. The second held rat for he, conclusion, says, because the right to note, is the pre-eminent right in the Declaration of Rights of Florida Constitution and so forth. The Supreme and his fellow, later with name Mike, was they referred to the Declaration of the Rights of Man, to the 1789, a French Revolution. I mean, the right to go is the value in the Constitution. Are they actually saying, I didn't see it? They were saying, David, the statute needs one thing that the statute's unconstitutional, because the Constitution of the Florida says, the officer, I didn't see that. I think that the only regional that the reading of the decision is that the Florida Supreme Court felt that and it says it over and over again, that we are going to be above a attempt to discern the will of the people, the will of the electorate, and discern and enhance in whatever way we possibly can the right to vote. And because of that, these provisions of the statute, which are very much quintessentially legislative, the time tables that are involved in the statute, the particularly the November 14 deadline, is a part of a composite package. There's one week for a protest and certain of a week else to be extentative and be done, and our four weeks for contest, when the Supreme Court translated, when the Supreme Court expanded the protest period from seven days to 19 days, it necessarily limited the contest period to a shorter period of time. It changed the discretion that allowed certain things to occur that couldn't have occurred, and it justifies all those things on the grounds that the four Supreme Court, the Florida Constitution Trump's those legislative concerns. And that's why it said, we are not going to be dis raided by type of technical statutory consideration. So the court was doing what this court said in the American version of the law fair place that it cannot do, because it allowed itself to ensure that itself were the Florida Constitution, although what is required by Article II, section one of the Constitution, it also seems to me, quite evident in response to what Justice Kennedy was asking earlier, that there was concern about the federal statutory provision, the language to which I think Justice Kennedy was referring to is on phase 32A of the appendix to the petition from the court's decision, and there's a footnote that does refer to reference to the three U.S.A. one proofs and was a person who said, section five, and it says so in conjunction with the statement that the exercise of the discretion by the Secretary of State could not be done in such a way that would preclude water voters from participating fully in the federal electoral process. The court was assuming that seems to me that it did not was not conflict. The decision that was rendering was not going to cause a conflict with the federal statutory scheme. The statement was we submit an error in that regard, so they could be to sum up with respect to this. The Florida Supreme Court radically changed the legislative scheme because it thought it could do so under the Florida Constitution by doing so, it acted inconsistently without a picture of the Constitution and any consistent delay was section five of Title III, and it has brought about precise service for a firm stance, is that Title VI, the Article of Section III, Title III, is designed to avoid the fact that the decision that concludes the paragraph on page 37 error, to be able to summarize the state of the nothing we have at the Florida Constitution who only about the Florida election code, but so the less construed the Florida election code as a whole, and then present that the provision in conflict, because not one word in that paragraph, because everything that's allowed in the Constitution. The very second paragraph refers to the Florida Constitution and the legion of page 38, the JSE, the legislature, the legislature, thank you, Mr. President for taking this amendment. The Honorable Court has found your own and said, I'm there next, that's my fault. Great, there you go, and with that very abrupt gavled, the Court adjourns as you hear, and non-in-incere of oral arguments presented to the United States Supreme Court, and this particular end very good. Okay, thanks, Frank. You're a real rocket scientist. So what do you think, George? Oh, there we go. Hey y'all, my name is Frank, from Eugene Thomas, the President of the United States Supreme Court. And you know, there's lots of people who's on there to take this off. I just want to be a little marijuana when I was in college. That is what never been joined. Well, maybe, see you guys on your North America. If they don't take, I'm fit to be on the Supreme Court. Yeah, I got a bunch. Let's do this quick and get out of here. I want to fit y'all straight. When I stop reviewing the law, I don't just review the law. Yeah, y'all. Now we're talking, and I don't get to the, and I don't get to the West, and I don't get why not look up standard, they don't kind of look bad. Oh, right, I'm joking. That's so bad, why y'all. Yeah, he must've been, because we didn't hear, the hide there here from him, then. One night clean at five, six, he's wq on my apologization, putting that a breath of crap on. Five, look at us, we don't have one call on the board now, because the whole idea, we don't have any redness to eat it. But that's all right, kept now on the half. And with my luck lunch rolls up, right at the very end of this thing. Instead of like, right at the beginning, it's because we call too late. We call too late. Thanks a lot to our stand in the south and Pearl and the way we're doing it. Scott. Scott and I, I know, and they really need to be preparing. Come on, let's see if we're only experts out there. I personally thought that Todd O'San, the attorney for the bush side, did a much better job than Lawrence Tribe, what I thought was weak, weak. Now maybe his argument was weak. I'm certainly not expert and I can't make hide, I don't know where I parallel this damn thing. But I thought that the bush attorney was much better, much stronger. Lawrence Tribe and me, so I'm lucky was on a virtual, like back and out. And this is supposed to be his strong suit. He's argued from the Supreme Court, 60,000 times. Further, there's a one person listening that there's a station now. 560, 50, 50, 50, pound, five 60 on the O.T. and T. and Bryan's and Wallace wine. We just made history the first time in history we've had audio released from the all-logiment from the Supreme Court, put it here on the air and the Hawaiian disappeared. Our program, the election in Florida, was 617 out of 310 votes that 70 percent. While burning the glass, it had an event, it was a 13-inch, 23-inch, charging now. For our 51, 16.3 percent as honestly any other state, not doing too well, 42 or 13 and a half percent. So I guess we wound out today with music because that will be due to your song. It was a right anybody listening. That was a bad judgment on my part. And let's play some music because everybody's been waiting to say after all of that. I thought that all these geniuses that they who understand the law and are much more than an IAM, I thought they'd be calm us right now, so it's a interpreting for us. Nobody. 567560, pound 560 on the AT&T and Verizon Wireless Line, out of town line 877, 785, aren't you shocked? Why are you yelling? They're all four. What do you mean they're all four? Overload the worst that is. They're not lined up, there's not a little up in here. Are you kidding me? No. I'll not tell you this thing is screwed up again. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Tell me. That too. Okay. I'm just looking at the power. You're not going to be on your mind. Quirk case today because I think that's the year and very much. But I just want to say I think the election is not only six, it continues to be six, and when the chef works said that that people want him to give up on his to turn his back on his family. He was an effect saying that his father, the former president of the United States, the talk of Bush and the legislature to vote George Bush as president of the United States. Right. And I think that's an outrage. You know, if that's the case, if this father is supporting this legislative initiative, he ought to be ashamed of him. No, he ought to be impeached not just to ashamed of him. Well, I can't be impeached, but something he's got to give about, you know, I mean people need to notice that this thing is just an outrageous conspiracy against the democracy of this country. And I think that that, you know, I know you don't have a lot of regard for Gore and we remember. I don't know. But it's not your my opinion. I think that Gore is a hero of American democracy. And I really mean that. He's a hero. Yeah. Because he's standing up for democracy against the dictatorial thing that's going on in our state. And it's really, it's just a second thing to say. Okay. Thank you. Well, I'm not going to say it's a hero, but I will give him credit for a list of hangin' in there because he knows that he won and that they're trying to steal it away from them. That's a bush family. And especially our governor here, I mean, they're just like a look at the whole thing. Look at the grotesque relationships here, Katherine Harrison, Jeff Bush, and her or a bunch of them, and pop a bush, and Jamie, and Jim Baker. Oh, no, that could never happen in America. This isn't a banana republic. Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Right. How could I go say, who lives in South Florida say that? Okay, here's somebody on line eight because I think I work in hell. Hello. Yes, sir. Well, you're on here with me. You're on, yes, sir. I just wanted to hear about this. If you're at W and Jeff, why have I had a discussion with a friend? And he says they're both American born. Is that true? Do you, yes? Yes, that's why. Oh, the lives of the lives of the life of the Jim Bush's wife is Mexican. And you're a lot of them. I'm often about who's wife. I'm sure I said I thought to her, W is with Mexican. I don't think so, no. No, okay. Well, what do you mean, is that, man? It was just a matter of the discussion. By the way, I'm heading out to Philadelphia. No, the me using after years, the radar set up on a perimeter where I was like 18 coming. Okay, well, there's some no frigate taking chase open now. I've almost forgotten all about that. By six and then also don't forget to hockey games at eight to that. I missed both before and the start eight o'clock because he has PN, which is where I'm fortunate. But nevertheless, at least there are many excuse people showing up here late tonight, games at eight o'clock, where the wings and the panters. And you just, no, no. Here's wine too, huh? Is this late? This is you. All right, good. Hey, listen, thanks for putting this thing on. I went through the radio and I didn't catch anybody else. Really? So that I did the right thing. Why appreciated, you know, we disagree some time and I'm stuck enough, I guess. Yeah, I didn't put it on, but it didn't put it on for paris and beans because I didn't know what they were going to be saying, but I just put it on because I thought it was a public interest in supposedly, everybody's all good stuff about this. Yeah, I was very, I appreciate it. Like I said, I'm not working on my garage and I've been able to hear it. Right. 940 didn't have it and whatever the one at the end of the dial, they were raining, none of them had it. So. And you mean to tell me that even I don't even have it, so I'm supposed to all lose channels? I don't know. I don't even know what station that is beyond us with, yes. Wow. That's so, uh, I started from 5, 16, kind of just scanned and got some Latin stuff. And I was the only one. Well, that's not a great thing. I appreciate it. But it made a habit of Spanish, I don't know. But, uh, but we disagree some times on, uh, you know, we come from different sides on there. Yeah. And, uh, I just, I want to give you my prediction. Yeah. You take the prediction. So, I'm sure why not. Okay. I'm always an understantial. Yeah. Yes. Stay, though. Yeah. I'll call it an anchor later. The, I think they're going to roll and, uh, in favor of Bush and they're going to go right back to both square one, December 7th, whatever it says there. I'm sorry, November 7th, we'll get that there. 7 day thereafter, all of the day, wrap it up. That's my prediction. Okay, we'll see. Thanks. Thanks. We will see. Next week, go right. Hi. It's a bit of a bet in the country. Why you say that? Because it's still a story issue. Well, her, you're counting on. I mean, you have Ruth and again, Brigha, you got her. And you got just the students that's two. And you got, uh, whom I believe in our Kennedy, that's three. You're counting on Souder and I'm not too sure about him. You're counting on David Souder. But I guess, I, I, it's going to be five before I think. You'll still have to justify it. I mean, they can't just do what they want. But I mean, they can't just do what they want. They make a ruling and they write up a whole bunch of just like he's just got here. And, of course, saying, Ford is a journalist on one day next. Not read anything in the past. That's not an answer. One day next. One day next. On other day, Ford already scheduled to be more than the court. So let's know when we know, but it's a, certainly it's not going to be too long. Right? Well, we heard the questions clearly. We won't get the deliberations. How do they work? How do they work? Well, the justice for, for seats, the consequences for them. The normal practice here. We're in a slightly abnormal situation. But what they try? Yeah, it's amazing. You know, those people screaming down like I said before before, the selection we had, the worst choice maybe in the history of the, of this Republic. And now that it's all over, now everybody's all looked up to a friendship on it. Because it's just something to do, you know. Probably said that after what it's five 60 QAM. This is five 60. You may have the deal Roger shows. Sports radio five 60. You. A. A. It's five days. You first. Come in to the lead. The legend. A. There you go. Don't forget what the fifth point hit that tiger or fly a stick. You're good. At day and as you've never seen before. And we'll Smith, this most heartwarming role ever. We'll be very not put those candles on top of the latest. A legend. A. There you go. Coming to a supermarket near you. The main of our final of our final point was the. The sleeping pass of our class of all, that the car suddenly decides, look, this is your matter we should get into. This is a matter that should be lost to the state. And the other day, they may think that there's a sufficient constitutional argument. And for that we did not put on the United States of Pinkford. And then they moved to the second question, whether or not the first of Pinkford, violate the federal law or violate the constitution. And as soon as we did it through the third question, this is the Supreme Court of the Innemmer and says, really matter for the part of this, if they do find the violation, now what? That's the thing. Okay, glad to come down. She's hysterical. Just like I am with his phone system. You know, this place is just unbelievable. Not that many of her works for too long before just finally perhaps out. But that's okay. Let's just let my boy about that. Let's just put him on hold. And you know, although there is nobody on horse, that maybe one because they're all in disappeared. And if you know that, they're the guy who's absolutely right. Now, one of the other agencies is basically have no trouble having gone. Right. That's the common thing. And that's the thing. Why? How can you ask? How can you ask? What can I? And what have I always said about IOD? What kind of an all-new station doesn't put the audio on from the Supreme Court here? And what kind of crap is that? I couldn't believe it. What are you? I am on. What are they? I'm not sure. What are they? They had his theory. And they didn't put the audio on? Oh, my god. Oh, this is supposed to be especially, is supposed to be the Emperor of the Square. Yeah. And I want to thank you. And I thought that was interesting. That's the way they tackle both sides. It's to, who's argument humble with the privilege of the party? I think they just decimate anybody. Yeah. You know, is interesting to see. Or here that must be the way they go about doing it. I guess argument is before the Supreme Court kind of like an S&M thing. We will take a look at them. Yeah. Okay. The word on Twitter is, what? He's the way the Justice on the Supreme Court. Yeah. He writes a least number of, yeah, but let the Latte and at least he spoke a little bit of the sentence was in a back puff in a way. I didn't see it. You're slapping me down. Not a bit. Okay. I have a rate there. Five, six, seven, oh, the smoke was coming out of his ears. I thought it was coming out of his five, six, seven, oh, five, six. We are a computer is down here. But that's okay because it's WQA and then we just do our best to try to keep the thing floating along with our, oh, god. What a joke this place is. Now what would it be? So these are the ring, are they on? Who are they? They're bringing them just to other things. WQA. Hello. Hello, we're getting all around here, speaking. You know, speaking. Well, I turned my radio down. This is, you know, Rogers? It sounds like me, yeah. Okay. Well, let's not. I just want to thank you very much for putting that on because, um, oh, stand care for stuff. And, uh, one of the reasons I listened to you every day is because you got such an extraordinary work in level of intelligence. You know, I'm fine. I'm most of the other, uh, English speaking. Well, you would say that again. But how about I was, I'm about on a four language station, so. Okay. Well, the other one's better than other students. So I don't know what they're saying, but, uh, and you don't want to know, believe me. One person? I see you don't want to know. No, probably not. But, uh, again, I wanted to call in and say, hey, there's a lot of people who have listened to that. And, uh, well, that was amazing. I just love the way they can pick and, uh, fly from dice. Yeah, that was it. Even Ron Popele, number of sliced and based away the Jeffices of the year. Right. Okay. Thanks a lot, pal. All right, now have a great day. See that people aren't very listening to it. Even though our phone systems all screw up, and this is a goddamn, make believe radio station. So they can say this, they don't understand. The country has wrapped up, and if they're care about some stupid ball game right now, the country has wrapped up in this crap. And except for a few of you are a bunch of, you know, the general gamblers out there are worried about a point spread in the old version of them. This is where it's at. This is what people are like. It's coming out of their priorities. So I've been carrying inside the very heart and soul. I can't stand him. You next me, he'll. No, I can't. He's a goodny to. She was, thanks says no, you know, we all have to throw any ball on. He's probably like, you know, doing a dog. Who knows? WC, who I am? Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. You know, it's so discouraging. Try to talk about the subject with co-workers or neighbors. And what is that? What he's like either half of them are their parroting, the, uh, the Republican propaganda that's always been counted, it's been recounted. Yeah, all right. How many times did they cancel it? That's what you like. Right. And then the other half of the spin that they're putting out right from the beginning because they're terrified that if they actually do get them all counted, they know they're going to lose. I know, but a lot of these companies are buying it. And the, any other hair for like, well, I'm so sick of it. I don't care who's right. And it just, well, that's what they're counting on. They're playing the inpatient car, you know, that car. So they're wearing the wearing the people down and they're just like repeating over and over just getting into their head. Hey, he's how you count and he's recounted. So let him count anymore. Mother's still count, man. I know, but as a tomorrow morning, I think, but because I think the hang in Jordan, uh, Leon County, he's going to be in count again. Uh, I hope somebody tells you get the hold of it. Okay, good luck to work. And he said they're going to be count till their slap happy. It's not what he said. No. The supervisor of elections in Seminole County has conceded that she allowed two Republican party operators to correct 47 hundred Republican absentee, round applications so they would not be thrown out court documents revealed Monday. 132 page deposition taken of election supervisor, Sandra Gourd, paints a picture of an informal small town voting operation with few security checks or paper trails through the office near Orlando could play a key role on the side of the outcome of this election. And the deposition, Gourd and elected Republicans, held office in 1983, acknowledged that two representatives of the state Republican party used the back room in the office for 10 days to correct the ballot applications. How do you like that? And these people here, the ones that were down imported, chip in here that were screaming about government and the sunshine and let us send them what's going on, when you read that sentence again. She ignores that two representatives of the state were public in party used a back room in her office for 10 days to correct the ballot applications. She can see that no one was ever allowed to correct applications in the past and that her staff assisted the GOP representatives by sorting Republican applications from Democratic applications, something else that had ever been done before. According to the documents, Gourd said, her office didn't check the identification of one of the two men, are you following this? And she told attorney she still has the idea who he is. You know who I think it was? All right, this is G. Gordon, really. Yeah, that's why I think it is. Probably was eating rats in the back room. The men were not supervised while they were chief said. It's like putting two people in a bank fault, unsupervised and saying, don't touch anything. Should Hillary Jick, ex-end-o-end-o-area attorney and Democrat who's father, lost it against Gourd and other Republicans, it's a very co-geumeration ship they had with a Republican party. Oh, this is just an up-and-mix human abarth. Where does he have those page two of this? One thing I hate about these facts is they come in like, look at that, I got page one, page three, page four, where does he have those page two here? Oh, here it is. These esclogers came through a lawsuit that is successful, but throughout all of some of the county's absentee ballots at least 15,000, about two thirds of which went to George W. Bush. If they were thrown out, it's still a legal wrong shot. It would be more than enough to overcome Bush's minute-related forward and hand the election to Gourd, etc. and so on. The lawsuit which could be one of Gourd's betchaath's the win was moved Monday from Semero County to Calahancy after both sides agreed to the change. Oh, it's just the way. The work ended back room. She was going to know who one of them there. He just came in and kind of like hung out for a while. Five, six, seven, five, six, three, five, six, three, five, six, three, on the 18, two, orange, and one, one, one, one, one, one, 30, at a QAM. This is five, sixy. QAM. Oh my God, your breath will be a little cold. Good, I think. Oh, three, six, five, seven, five, six, seven, so we're not happy as fast as possible. We'll go to Calahancy. We don't want no more sound in the face though. But that's can't be due. There's always more of you. That one too. That little incision. Periyan. There's that muffin throat. Look to every since, there's Orthoidian. Each this Popma Reath. Her pregnancy still lives again. festivating it. There ain't no man those days. They do have a buy too. Stop for our food. If you don't want it, that's what happens to you. Five, less than that. One point of two or five six you've got to be here with. I don't forget this afternoon. This is an AFLCIO in a hardest morning. 4 page ad page 9B. What our voices be heard by our votes be counted. They've had all four decisions of care about their votes. Join a rally. Four classes afternoon. They're Stephen Park government, set up. One eleven North West first week in Miami. Okay. Also, getting back to the, uh, Stannagans of the absentee ballots in Sen. Martin County's. Emma Smith, a deputy election supervisor in Martin County, said, or office began noticing that many of the Republican forms come in the office. Like the required numbers and that they were not processed. She said, she and her colleagues first try to contact the voters. She said, and then they're in complete forms. But as it got out of the question we were no longer able to do that, we really swamped. Why does she said, as many as 500 forms were turned over to the Republican party workers to fix. Smith said that the decision was made by the election supervisor, Peggy Robbins. She said, Ms. Robbins, they were a public in the out of the office. His rig can be reached, of course. I think she called someone up the state to discuss it first, but I'm not sure. Ms. Smith said, referring to the state elections office. Over the upset about this, it's definitely schooling the Martin County democratic chairman. This is more than they did in Seminole. From what I understand that the Republican party was allowed to take these reflect forms out of the Superb ISIS office, which kept no track of how many went out or how many went back in. How do you like that? And you call this an election? But you think that there's any real way anybody's going to have any idea how many, oh, you got to be kidding me. Here's a call from somewhere. We love the Supreme Court. Right, we ask for you. Okay, great, have a great life. Here's a mobile and don't let me be. Tell us. Yes, sir. Hey, don't. Okay. I wanted to thank you for playing what is possibly the most important thing since you coming back on the air. Yeah. What was that taken? The thing that's shocking to me is that something you read about that article in Seminole County, where they said that these votes were thrown out. These happens to be down. That is a long shot. How is it a long shot? Well, I'm not hitting them like they were. It's a slam dunk. That those votes should be thrown out. And I voted for court. And I live in the state of Florida. And I think they should just take the old state of Florida and dump it in the Circular File. Yes. There's too much crack that went on. And nobody's going to know what really ever happened. So, it's probably out whoever wins the majority of the election. The electoral votes without the state of Florida and winter and cage clothes. But you know, that's not going to happen. No, it won't happen. That's why that's why it's fully way. That's why that's why the legislature are screwing with the special section on Tuesday. So, they want to point their own slate of 25 electors to make sure that they get them out there for Bush. Yeah. And now, you know, he hasn't been interviewed yet. But I can't wait until he is and suddenly holds his feet to the fire. This is a guy who can't paint about, I trust the state and I trust him to make their own This state and he can't trust the people. And now he is sterilizing everything he can possibly throw away. Right. That's right. You got it. He's just a scumbag. Okay. Good luck at Palcini at the airport. See ya. Okay. The international law of thumb. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60 pounds. Let's go. What's going on? What's going on? There's one answer today here. After a 90 minute old argument, an audio tape will release. It released to this is a very short moment to the scene. So there's never a lot audio tapes released on the same day as the actual arguments. The police have been on. We don't want to hear that again. Okay. We heard it all. Once was enough. Thank you. I'd rather see that Dan is usually one of the way to tell a hash you again. And here it again. Here's a couple of radio. Hello. Hey, New York. You're doing okay. Hey. Thanks for applying that. And if you don't mind it like that, it's just the opinion. I don't think there's a chance of a bush winning it. And I have three reasons for that. Yeah. One would be. They're saying that the courts and Florida don't have the right to resolve statutory differences with the constitutional differences in this state. And basically, that would be like the Supreme Court setting of precedent where they can't resolve federal statute differences with the US Constitution. So they're not going to go that way. Second would be the line of precedent even indicated what they said. You're saying the legislature took all the rules and the court has to be out of it. Yet an article fifth was section 15. So the Congress should resolve all the fees that you're asking us to do it. So on hand, you say the court has to stay out of legislative matters. On the other hand, you're saying you want this court to get involved in the legislative matters. You're destroying your own argument. And. But I do I get at least I would bet a lot of money on it. Request Scalia and the Alcana those chief for sure. I'm going to go with Bush. And it's the final thing is that they can make their huge mistake by filing the case anyway. Because now he had it all set up with the legislature. We're going to get the electors in there. Right. But now he's raised the issue before the court before they even had a chance to make their move. And the court could actually step in and say, you know what? The legislature just can't can't super feed the Supreme Court of the court of. And that's the danger of things that they do for the Bush can't. Oh, I'm going to tell you if they go ahead and do that. There's going to be a misunderstanding. Just smelling. And by the way, I'm a conservative person. I've never voted for Democrats at my wife for a president of the United States until this year. I was the scuffed. It was Republican party. It's such an incompetent move. It's a candidate. If they chosen somebody with an ed if they would have voted for public and but right. And not in good context, those those pretty good people who had did not. I mean, though, the whole thing is so transparent, you know, the Bush family in Cheney and the Powell and all these people who's Her planet people want to take over the rain's government. And they put it up as the face man and people are stupid enough to buy in with it. So I just mind. I mean, there are thinking conservative out there. But he won't. We're not hearing. We're not hearing from a lot of them. But there are things you can pivot about there today. We really want this guy who's just saying around the button and telling us what to do. I don't think somebody would have to show them where it is first. You're right. Have a great day, buddy. Thanks. Oh, there's a bright guy anyway. He's the least honest enough to say a blusk guy is a moron. And you know what? I think he's got a good point. This is 560. You may have. The Neil Roger show. Sports radio 560. You. A. And he's a. He's a. He's a. He's a. He's a. He's a. He's a. He's a. He's a. He's a. Where. He. In a. In a. So. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You. Your. You. You. Your. Your. Your. Shut up. A. You. I. coming and going on this all weekend long. The election for the rise of a gave you three choices. The Zannisters any other state, not to a two good with that one. 13.1% 46 votes are the 350 pretty weak. For only by accidental events, 62, 17.7% so pretty weak. Next, 242, 69.1% today is that 60 anigant keeps popping up on this perverted show. Every time I take a pool, it comes out, something 69. Here's somebody on my line six. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Every time they have a pool in this country, we have a Cuban football. What's with that? The Cuban divide me like mirror ping-a-pacanya. Yeah, we're too short by writing the mirror time to support it. We throughout the tower have the kind of deals with the Republican. Right. I thought he wouldn't have democratic. Well, he's becoming a Republican and he'd read that too to say, Martin. I was in changing all these opinions and changing colors. In fact, I hear he's going to become Columbia next week. That's what I'm hearing. What about Juan Mediator? He's got a little Cuban in him. Here's a bokeh. Hello. Anyhow, how we going? Okay. Okay. I have a question in the request. Yes sir. First one is the cup of social law is a panesf. I had no idea who was winning and who was getting off. No, I got any idea what they said. It was fascinating, but I haven't got any idea what they were saying. Is there any reaction at least by the no at all? Not really. Not really because they keep telling you this well, you know, don't try to anticipate the decision based on the questions. Okay. And I'll get a greater and Roger Consex, both in the thing that the court is going to turn bush down. Okay. And is there going to be any more argument? Thirder is that that's it. Okay. Am I a request? If I Thursday or a argument say, I'm under the maybe accepting the email argument. Yeah, that's the next step. And the request is, could you close up the show with Georgia Jr's a piece of Schmidt? Okay. All right. And have a great day. Ha ha ha ha. That would be bad to play that. I'm sure that's first off a lot of the bush people along the way as we've been playing that because it's pretty damn, you know what? And two bad. It's like two. Yeah. It's like two. Yeah. It's like two. Yeah. Yeah. It's like two. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, Okay, one for three, two, one for two. One for two, one for two. One for two, one for two. Two for two. One for two. Okay, one for three, two, five, six. You've got to kill him. Here's Wellington, hello. Wellington, going run. One run. Here's North Miami, hello. Hey, new, first time long time. Yes, sir. A little thing on this, uh, going on with the balance of the National County. Now, if her deposition gets, does not get suppressed in the courtroom, it's over. They will get tossed out because that is violation, that's the red violation of federal law. Yeah. There is no way that, uh, a Yogi, Georgie, Jr. and his gang of thieves can, uh, put, hide out one. I mean, it's because I can't see it. This is going to be some way, can you know? It's going to be fun. I've got to mention the streets are going to be empty, all we can. Nobody will be living in the house. Every bit of that little big neighborhood that they glued with up here do all we can. Yeah, well, we'll be there more. I have to see what happens Monday, but I'm just a trained court business, uh, the way the way they were questioning, uh, bushes of turn, you see, like, they weren't buying it. You know, it's easy that they weren't buying it, but, like they said, you can't really tell what they're thinking with the way they're, uh, questions about it. It looks like they're leaning a little bit more towards the go about who know whatever they're to buy it. That's exactly what they're requesting, the same as the gay or counter. Yeah, the three students, you know, they're, they're ambitious pocket and you've got it. Okay, good luck to all. I'll go on YouTube. Yeah, I could just, I mean, you can't see them on TV because obviously it was never their own pictures of them, and there's, they were asking the questions the judges is. But you could just envision, when, course, we'll be there. I'd like to, I guess, to the end of the black robes that they had the judges were, the big red robes with the round swastika on the about the in on the bell clock, you'll see that on my course. So, thank you for the big, I'm chance to win course, yes, sir. My post-war. On every corner, just to be fair, it's my,