is 10 a.m. This is 430560 A-A-A. 430560 W-A-M-I-M-E-4-L-L presents the Neil Roger. Talk to Neil, called 567-0560 toll-free, red-red-dated-brower, called 5560 on your cell phone. Can you submit the Neil his guest's callers? Anyone else on the show do not necessarily reflect those of W-Q-A-M. The only red-acquisitions for the feasly broadcast groups are now Neil Rogers on Sports Radio 567-28-L. In the home and B-D-Y-M-T-T-K-M-R-M-I. The next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day the next day, the next day, the next time, the next, the next day and the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, and the next day, metallic jump off the Gabrielle river, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day. ha ha ha ha, the next day, the next day, the next days, the next day, the next. the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next morning, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next morning, the next morning, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next day, the next time, the next morning, the next day, the I'm just checking it out. 10.025.60. Nobody QM happy Monday to it. Hey listen, when did that check it out? You know what I'm saying? Right. So what is it going to be? The Ramsey's are the Beach Boys for the rest of the miniseries. Gotta be sweet sweet, isn't it? That the networks are frantically putting this crap man-o-man. I mean crap. Did you see either one last night? Not last night I saw a grandzee thing earlier in the weekend. I thought that was like a condom. Well you mean this is like more of the same? I thought this was the first episode last night. Oh no, that didn't make the difference. Why can't I hear you today? I don't know how is that? Is that better? There you go. Okay. Do the whole show that way. Okay. So how the hell are you? Oh seriously, this is the first I believe. And then on the ABC they got the Bleach Boys. I mean cheesy, cheesy, cheesy acting. And the Ramsey thing. Are we going to learn anything new on that? No. Well what's the point of watching some new things? Oh and guess who the producer of this miniseries is on CBS? Lawrence Schiller. But when I wrote the book, the 7,000 page book out of Ramsey's. And which he said, eh, absolutely nothing. Yeah, him. Walter wrote an OJ book. I'm going to tell you, you need anybody. They didn't write an OJ book. And they're, they got to be down and out. Everybody I know wrote an OJ book. Even I think, bro, he's working on my, right now in the book too. Yeah, they're really desperate for us. And girls, okay, here's how our pull came out. Wait a minute, one moment please. Yeah, here's how the pile came up. I should realize that Eric always waits. So all of a sudden we got 12 more hosts. Be done between the time I left the house. And let's see, where you can find one thing. Oh, it's kind of interesting though. When we started this thing on Friday, during the course of the show, the number of homosexuals was considerably higher. And then maybe they changed their mind over the weekend. You think that might be it? Oh, yeah, maybe with a new opening of a back street, back door, whatever that place is. Do you consider yourself exclusively heterosexual? Exclusively homosexual? Not sure, or bisexual. We had 512 votes. Not too bad. Not too good. I would've thought over the weekend we could've got a file. I think basically it boils that about the same 350, 400 people. Hmm, now we have voting on the website, mirroredgers.com, which is okay, because that's a pretty good sample. And you know our intellectual crowd. Yeah. Exclusively, heterosexual, 416, 81.2%. I don't want to be a fake guy. Thank God, we had this much of audience out there. Oh, I feel so much better now. Exclusively, homosexual, 38, 7.4%. Which is about half of what it was running during the course of the show on Friday. Like I said, maybe they changed their mind. Or maybe they got the cure over there in Brandon. That's possible. Yeah. Maybe they got cured. 35. Now, this is interesting. Almost as many not sure as homosexual. 35, 6.8%. And you laughed. You eat a little faith when I put that category in there. Not sure. Because I didn't think that people like that were out there. Yeah. But it's still very funny that there are people like that. I don't think the word is funny. Yeah, I said, I think it's sad. It's not rocket science we're talking about. And by the way, the cream that we're talking about at the end of the morning show there that the ED cream, how long you have to rub that on. Anyway, not sure. 35, 6.8% by sexual 23, 4.4%. So if you take the exclusively homosexual and bisexual, that's like 11.8%. Which I've always thought it was like 10 to 15%. And it's part of the fact that the right wing. You notice how the gay population of America has been reduced to like 3% now according to the right wing ultra-finanics. Because they can manage handling that three. If they admit that it's like 10 to 15% then gets out of control. Well, you might as well lump the not sure in there. I'll say it would be like, well, I mean, there's a percentage of those that maybe it would break down along the same, I don't know. Does anybody know? Oh, I mean, if they don't know how do we know. And keep in mind because we're doing this anonymously on our website, we don't have any idea what the ages. They might be people who are very young or people who are very, very, very, Boy. Oh, speaking of that. Now, before I get to that. Oh, I got, I got stuff today, baby. Woo! Heavy, heavy. Dude, yeah, my whole life is taking a major turn around since Saturday. Yeah. I finally seen the light. I'm not going to waste anymore by time trying to wake the dead. 24 years. They have to tomorrow be 24 years. I haven't tried to wake the dead here. And now after Saturday, I will no longer waste my time doing that. Because now I understand that, oh, is our middle name. But anyway, today's pool question on our website, www.yoroders.com. What's your habit? I've word this. Do you agree with the not guilty verdict of the 40-year cops? That we don't have to mention the name. And this is because they know the case that was decided in the Bronx with a totally unacceptable verdict by the way. And we'll talk about that today. Maybe, maybe somebody who actually has an opinion on that. Because there was only 41 shots. Yeah. I mean, how could you find them guilty? And this thought that you see on television, you see, they don't get in the target practice. That's the problem. If they would have just shot with what they thought was the gun, which turned out to be a wallet, if they would have just shot there out of his hand, then he probably still would be alive today. We wouldn't have all this crap going on. And we couldn't be taking our poll today. But they don't do that. They're watching too much guns, no kidding. Yeah, too much smoke. Anyway, that's our poll question. Do you agree with the not guilty verdict of the 40-year-old city cops? Yes or no? Very simple question. For very simple people. How do you like that? See, they don't like it when we get too personal with this stuff about, you know, are you a pedophile? Have you ever molested an altered boy? Things like that. So anyway, get well, I better do the break. Because once I get started on our experience on Saturday, it may go on for a while. They go on for quite a while. How's lying for? Doing it by the way. Duff is warrant is already. Oh, there you go. It's been a long time for this 20-year-old's right. Although we actually did get it disconnected from there. And you've been saying all that that was supposed to be on the way from San Jose, literally. Did you hear it yet? No, it's not the way. That's the warning we're killing. And of course, when you get to your window. Oh, come on. That's no fun when I think disconnect. So we actually did get it, so that it's disconnected. But when you put it on the air. It's got a little bit of a problem. You hear that? Can you hear me now? Say, how about now? What do you want? Nine minutes after 10 at 5.60 WQF. No portion of this broadcast may be reproduced. Without the express written permission of WQAM V3 acquisition court. I don't have a clue. Tonight on VH1 Storytellers, it's a very special evening with Christine Aguilera. Like I got the idea, you know, for this song. One day when I managed to tell me, I had to sing it. Get the story behind the music from the woman, lady, to adolescent who conquered the pop music world where they're old and unique style. I got the idea for this song from the written spirit. You know, then I let go of my record company. And they had a guy write it for me and stuff. Christine, that eggulaire on VH1 Storytellers. I think I have a big turning point for me musically. You know, it was like when I finally realized, well, I needed breast and breast. When they write the pop music history books, they'll file Christina Aguilera under a Well, Christina Aguilera tonight on VH1 Storytellers. They show where people who have nothing to say. Say, you missed off. Try how bye back, Christina. I can't stand that for that. 10 14 at 5.60 WQAM happy Monday too. We got a big Panther Buffalo game tonight. Are the panthers going to show up tonight? Oh, we don't know. They haven't been showing up too much. The every day, we'll show up tonight. We'll show up tonight. And they'll show up tonight. I'm going to say tomorrow. We'll show up tonight. I'm going to show up tonight. The music. Hey, those monks. They stopped. Yeah, that's what everybody had done. I hadn't even asked for them. The last night. He calls me. I said, how do monks do one Saturday? They stopped. You have to say that over and over again. How about the panthers? They stopped. Yeah, that too. that too. But we got a big game against Buffalo tonight and you know, look on the bright side as bad as this team is playing with no defense whatsoever and if the goalie whoever plays that night doesn't stand on their head they get blown out but they've been standing on their head anyway. But look at that three games they get four points. Two ties and a win. It's a freaking miracle. I mean two regulation ties anyway. Anyway, getting back to Saturday. I just want to make it announced that now and it comes very propaciously two days before my 24th anniversary on year in Miami. Saturday was my last public appearance ever. Oh yes. But Neil. No no chance. But what if we they got enough of those stupid dumb picture cards. Okay. And by the way, no we don't have any hockey tickets. Now there were some nice people that came by their Saturday. I certainly don't want to spirit your buddy who came by including the one young couple that George kept very far away from me. The ones who go to the swing club that he kept way way away away from me. That wasn't by design. Yeah right. Oh I sure do I believe that? No. Captain, wait, kept pushing them farther and farther like to the position of the way. But at any rate they would like to die the picture. What? You wouldn't like that guy anyway. Why not? He was mediocre looking. He was okay. That was good looking at his wife. They were both okay. In fact, I wouldn't mind watching him. Anyway, he knows them from the swing club. George anybody George knows he knows them from the swing club. Just keep that in mind. Oh yeah, they call the hang out. They hang out. So to speak. I'm going to wind up going all over the place here. I hate to do this. But I was thinking about that when I was thinking about them. And I did think about them briefly because they were the only people under the age of 300 who showed up at all. By the way, hey, I'm the girl. Will. Will. Oh, this this experience Saturday. You have to you have to have been there to believe it. But then anyway, I was thinking about people and it's like your our good close personal friend. I almost said your friend is still mine. Joe Costello. I mean, why should he be surprised? He I don't understand. I understand people that go to a swing club to swing. You know, I'm talking about the participate with other people. I and I guess there must be those people who are not swingers. They're just exhibitionists. Which is okay. There are warriors. They're and of course, if they're warriors, they're have to be exhibitionists because if you want to look, there's got to be somebody to show you something to look at. But don't tell me you're a swinger and then go there and you know, do all your stuff in front of everybody else and then complain that somebody is looking or swinging their face. You know what I'm saying, Joe? Well, seriously, I mean, Joe isn't adult. He's got plenty of places he could go with his lovely fiance and they could do whatever they want. I'm sure they do very often, especially on today's money. Sheaves is nuts. But I mean, you know, but don't don't go to a place like that. And then complain that some old troll, some old bag is swinging his fucking your face, okay? I don't understand that. I don't get it. It was just too close for a comfort. Yeah. Well, it all depends on whose comfort we're talking about. And like I said, how many drops do you have to put on an atlotion and, you know, how long you have to rub it? Didn't you hear that spot at the end of their show this morning that ED? No. I think we're regressing here at QM. When I first came here, the only spots we had on the year were for the paramutuals and limp-a-****-emises, as all it was. And now I think we're regressing. Or maybe it's that Bob-Dull ED spot. Maybe that's what put them over the edge. And by the way, Peter, we're not taking it with us, okay? We want to wish to best of luck to Peter Leonard, who's leading us to go ourselves as a coast. We're from the best of luck with the Cox Brock casting. Believe me, he'll need it. Solomon Slaw, Slawing that Michael Bolton's glory Estefan Crap. And let me also mention, since I'm digressing from my appointed rounds, because I'm trying to think of how to be diplomatic and presenting this conversation. Dan La Bastard, another who just they had to think and they held over the weekend. Hey, we want to use the words, Dan La Bastard, got the word. He had a word for his stupidity. Use Sir, are a moron. Have you read any of his columns lately? They stuck. Oh, and the one this morning, talk about trying to rationalize ways, scumbags. Sports superstars discover reality hard to come by. How can they be so strong when they put on the armor and so week when they take it off? And the whole thing is really a defense or rationalization for all the scumbags and sports. And he says at the end, the surprise prank, we isn't that so many of our athletes feel entitled, the surprises that some of them don't. Oh, give me a break, okay. You juxtaple liquor, you phony baloney, professional spik to get out of my face. Go away, Dan La Bastard, you invite away, don't ever use that studio again while we're on a year. We're having enough home problems as it is. How is line four coming along? Everybody's making a big comeback. Let's hear it. Huh? You already love this song, but I'm going to. I bet you we just left this song for now until the end of the book. It's 22 years. Yeah. So anyway, I think that the pull we took on Friday over the weekend is pretty revealing. Like that asshole that called me a couple months ago. Well, I do got a lot of people listening who are light in the loafers. You really don't have that big of an audience. These are ratings you've had over the years. It's from all those what he's really trying to say is it's all those fangs who listen because you know they want to hear another fag on a radio. That certainly doesn't appear to be the case. Does it? No. No. And we did have a, we had sampling a smattering on Saturday believe me. And that appearance we had, if you wonder what I'm talking about today, seminal Indian casino Hollywood our good close personal saleswoman Brian there. He said, oh, yes, say whatever you want to like the publicity. I mean, and I appreciate them having us there. I'm really not sure why we were there. Do you know why we were there besides for me to make some money and kill a couple of hours? That was it. Yeah. Yeah. Just a minute. We like the same reason we show up here. We make some money and kill four hours, which we do a great job of for the audience. That's what everybody tells me. Oh, man, it's great. It makes those four hours go by. Kill four hours. My little wife's boring terminal life here in his god for second. Very geriatric wheelchair written town. Speaking of wheelchairs by the way, getting back to our thing. Now, maybe it was just the time of the day that we were there. It was the middle of the day on a Saturday. You would assume that most living and breathing people, middle of the day on Saturday, they're doing something. And like maybe at night in the evening. Do you follow what I'm saying? That there would be yeah, a few people under the age of 200. And please don't get me wrong because there were some very nice people there. There are some nice old people, not too many, but there are some nice old people. There was some. But if I were to say to you that the crowd there was old, that would be the greatest understanding of the history of the human race. And thank you. And you know something? I hate to say this. Thank god for the guy with a fany pact that came by. Usually when I see him out on the upchuck, but actually he killed about 40 the last 45 minutes. Because when you go on his appearances, if there's any kind of a turn out at all, two hours goes by like that. We used to do three and four hours. Remember those horrible days, too long. Can you imagine him and Peter Leonard together? Oh, what I'm maximating, purgatory. I'd love to see it. But at any rate, he came by and killed because every minute was like an hour. Every minute was like a lifetime like Eons. Just incredible. And you go into a place where there's all this gambling going on. But like I said, if you like, if you have a weak heart, something like that, it's not like it. The panther games that when they did that thing last week with a fireworks, we're nearly have a heart attack. You don't have to worry about any sudden outbursts, there noise because there isn't any. Is there any music? No. Are there bells ringing? No. Are there people, hey, I don't know. They're just sitting around very quietly. I mean, even I was going to say like, kukusness, but they weren't quiet. You know, there was nobody going, I want my cigarette. There was nobody doing that. And they had music. They had money. They did. Yeah, that's what nurse ratchet kept playing. Oh, and you mean kukusness? Yeah, they didn't have in the background. That's right. They had money. No, there's no music. And when we were there, I think they probably didn't want to disturb any of these people, maybe wake some of them up. After you die, what? Oh, seriously, after you die, this is where you go. I mean, I have never, and I don't want to sound unsyphithetic. I don't want to sound crash and cool unless you feel like way, which is okay. There were more people there in wheelchairs, walkers, canes, neck braces. I had, it was like the old and the infirm. I have never seen anything. Now, maybe this was just for my benefit. Maybe this was a put on. You know what I'm saying? Because I can't imagine having lived here for almost 25 years now. I can't imagine that there's all those old people, especially in Hollywood. Oh, you know what I'm saying? I mean, it was unbelievable. It was shocking to me. And at that point, I said to myself, what in God's name am I doing here? I don't mean in the casino. And it were like I said, I appreciate them having you there. I appreciate them even wanting me to come out. But I said, what am I doing here? I mean, this is a place. And Boca Brian made some comment about the bathrooms. I said, there are no bathrooms here. It's like BYOB, bring your own bag, and or diapers is the case, maybe. I mean, the crowd was just a little bit on the old and quiet side. Plus 10. Oh, I'm saying, and I'm thinking of myself, why do I do these things? What's the point? What was the hook to bring people out there? And then poor Miguel, who by far was the youngest person in the joint. And let me say it again, I saw some of you facts out there trolling, okay? Stay to hell away. He ain't interested. But he's sitting there with the QAM wheel. And what are we giving away those big fancy prizes that only QAM could give away? QAM caps, baby. Don't forget plastic cups and now plastic cups and mouse pads. Yeah, thank you, I'm on somebody else's. Yeah, right. That somebody also dropped off here by mistake one day. They shifted to building. We intercepted the shipment. So, and he's he's these people are coming up spin in the wheel. Okay. And they're coming back over and over again. How many times do you get to spin it? And then when Miguel would step away from the wheel for like 30 seconds, which would have been very really, I noticed because I said they're staring at him the whole two hours. Well, you might as well enjoy somehow. But at any rate, step away from there's a, and then somebody purposely would have come wandering over or wheeling over the case with, well, well, to get him back to spin a wheel again. So they might win a QAM cap or one of those great mouse pads. Well, shocking. Absolutely. And by the way, a couple of people a couple of our listeners came by and said they had called the place. Nobody there had any just like your appearances at, what is it that you go to? A prime co. Just like when George does his appearances at prime co, it was kind of like the same thing. Nobody there had any idea that I was going to be there that day or George or Boca Brian or Miguel or anybody else. Nobody. Well, we don't want to shock anybody. You don't want to say sudden shock in that place would not be a good, a sudden loud noise like that would not be a good idea in that place. Lose a whole lot of folks all at the same time. I mean, what's the point of going out and how many picture cards could any putting possibly have at this point? You know, those stupid picture cards? I can understand if we're giving away a car, we're giving away even hockey tickets. I had several people, I had given away hockey tickets. No, no, get out of here. They have no hockey tickets. Including that one snor that's always sitting on me at the hockey games for three tickets. Gonna ask the tickets? He was there. That's probably why you showed up there. He was waiting for extra hockey tickets. Just like the ones we're giving away on a year today. For tonight's Buffalo game, I see 5000. Unsold tickets for tonight's game probably because of that performance by the team. They stop and the month they stuck. 26 at your 10 at 560 WQX. Oh, god, Neil. James on the save of all him. Two tickets, sir. The fact you've asked don't look the door. Hit you in the end. No longer he will never be you. You're a dead Turner. You don't want to be a fellow. He's had it with your scams. You're a long girl for the rest of the time. Why don't you just go back to the end? You spend eight years with Ted Turner. And now it's time to get you new friends. He thought that's not fair. No longer he will never be you, it's a Turner. Okay, that's our musical pull question today. By the way, the beach boys better than the Iran'sies. 1031 at 560. You can speak in a music by the way. Here's a fact you want to get really depressed. All these 104.3 WOMC's Dick Pertn Radio Thon, better fit in the Salvation Army and Betten Red Club raises a record breaking. 726,000, 384 dollars. How do you like that? Say how long is it a 16 hour I'm forget word of hell. And anyway, they do already with on and it raised almost three quarters of million dollars for the homeless basically is what a bull's down do. Just like we used to raise money for criminals house here. We have a raise anything close to that. No, you can hear you have to forget about raising money. It's like trying to raise the dead. So this I'm the timing is perfect. Thank you, Fred Wolf, Junior for fact, in this to me, by the way. Ties right in. So next time you wonder why there's nobody at the heat games, the Panther games at the anywhere you go where they're living and breathing people look around you. What have you got to draw from here? Most of the people here are dead or very close to what on either side of the line, either side just almost or just over the line. And nobody told me it. And Saturday was a tremendous reminder to me of what this time is all about. That's why I mean to think and I don't want sound ungrateful because a lot of people over the years have come out to our appearances, especially the things where we've done fun raises and had the seed easing stuff. And I appreciate that. I wouldn't dry five minutes from here to anywhere to go see some radio smoke. I wouldn't do it. So I do appreciate that. But enough is enough. It's the law of diminishing return at this point. I think everybody in this town even people who don't listen to the show have got at least ten of those Neo Rogers picture cards. And you know, it's been fine and fun and Saturday was like a message. Okay, that's it, baby. No more of these. Here's a call in Boit and B. Hello. Hey, Neo. Yes, sir. I have the old Neo. Good morning. And you know what I want to talk about? What is that, sir? There's nothing wrong with getting old. You know, I've been here on my life. And I'm pretty young. Good looking man. And we, I think there's a big industry here that is trying to keep us looking young or acting young or feeling young. And it's just totally robbing ourselves. And, so, what are you talking about? There's nothing wrong with getting old. I mean, I, I've literally got my life and I would like to find another place to go. But I tell you, I make good money doing what I do. So, there's a big old people feel everybody gets old. There's a difference between getting old. And a difference between an area that's overrun with old festering people who are ready to die. But there's a, there's a, there have to do it. There has to be a balance. Yes, that's true. And I tell you the youth of today. We have a big challenge to the opinion of what is that. What is the challenge? So try to integrate the old people with a young people to try to get everybody to. So, let me ask you how much money, what kind of drugs have you been doing over the weekend? Because whatever it was, we like to share. I know you would. Set us on down. Okay. And have a great life. Thanks. And put you up. Oh, boy. That was it. Yeah, we got a real challenge here. Our young people as young people are staffers like me. And believe me, I have never felt more like a teenager again than I did on Saturday. felt like a child spring chicken by the way. Exactly. If there's everybody, every city you'll go to, there are some old people. But we have an eye, a preponderance of people over the age of 150. Let's do it. We'll be embarrassed to come to this town. Then all the different bedroom towns, Hollywood, surf side, sunrise, Tamarack, one after the other after the other. Or the meeting ages death plus a hundred. In Miami Beach, if you take away south beach, those three blocks of drug addicts, if you take that away, it's still the immediate age there is death. All those big towers there on columns. Oh, no, all the young people moved in there. The people are 85. So I'm sure that we're going to hear from some cop defenders today, defending these four scumbag cops in New York. It's really, and then of course, what do you got? You got the cops on a one side, Al Sharpton on the other side. What is, what is it, leave reasonable people? I think you basically had, you got Rudy Giuliani on a one side and Al Sharpton on the other. There's a paragraph in a story here that really gets me. It says, the shooting combined with a 1997 torture of Haitian immigrant Abner, Louima in a police station bathroom. That was the one that they did with the brum handle. Lead to criticism that New York City police were being excessive and cracking down on crime under the administration of Mayor Rudy Giuliani. You don't dare to do the Rudy Giuliani. The one that never met a Nazi that he's just like, police say, baby, police say, it wasn't just cracked down on pornography at times, swear and closed down a strip joint. It was, you know, the hot dog vendors off the street. It's going to arrest the homeless school, arrest everybody we can. And if somebody looks dangerous, blow their brains up after your first come, then let's blow their brains up. 41 shots. And they hit him with only 19, which like I said before, it definitely need target practice. If we learn nothing else from this case in New York is that the New York City cops need a lot more target practice. 41 shots. And an on our man, then you're away. You have to sit either wrong guy. What is a serial rapist? Never fill a freight train. And it was a wallet. And the jury says, and they had the option of convicting them of lesser charges. It could have been less than second degree murder. It could have been a whole bunch of different things. And I said, oh no, not guilty on all accounts on all 85 counts. I just can't wait. Now, did see I saw a pool on the the road one of the thing on the on the internet. Before I was checking our own pool on theorages.com. And it was like even Stephen. I couldn't believe it. Even Stephen. Maybe all the cops are voting on that thing must must be what it is. And I'm sure we'll find somebody else. They say, wow, no, I think I caught that's why you're against those 141 shots. Into the body of an on our man. Some of which by the way, after he was already down, of course, which was part of the testimony. Did that face the jury? No, no, but in the yard. No. Police state. I mean, America loves a police state. I would be a great new show. I'm Fox no doubt. American joy is being in a police state too much freedom is a dangerous thing. It's not to make me vomit. Not to make you puke. But like I said, are we going to change any of this? No, no, because the people are not concerned about that. They're concerned about the ranzies in the beach boys. And which one can sing better? I do want to say one thing about John Ramsie because he has taken a lot of crap. Okay, for a lot of the one thing about John Ramsie. He can't sing for a 20 to be for 11 at 5 60 WQM. With Jim Bows. Yes, Bows is for the FTA. This is Jim Bows. For the hammer. This is because you QAM. Sports radio 5 60. Anybody have a heart or a liver tonight on Ph1 behind the music while MTV is wasting your time with the real world Rogue Wolf and Rock and Jock football. VH1 remembers the music. Tonight at 8 it's roof hall on Bud. Followed by storytellers present the village people. Then it's a part-time family behind the music. And it's you are brave bunch documentary. That's tonight right after hard walk live featuring the Captain Engineer. Only on Ph1 yesterday. Happy music. Today. Amen. It's a 1043 at 5 60. So what do you think? The ranzies in the beach boys. Come on. I just want to say one other thing about this. Martin McSorley episodes and everybody in the brother including people. I don't even know what a hockey puck is. I'm talking about that. And I saw the great Whitney's comments. And interesting. Mike Russo and David Jany. Both write the same thing again. I think yesterday's paper for beta. I'm not saying that you're the same player, same comment. But nevertheless. And raise got a good point that is that every time something negative comes along ESPN which gives a positive things about hockey almost no cover draw. Even though they broadcast the games. And even though they're parent company ABC's been a lot of money to get the rights to the game. And that's a good point. But a lot of other people have also pointed out that hockey is the only sport in the world where fighting is permitted. And even encouraged. So violence unfortunately is an integrated part of the sport which in no way of course condones what McSorley did because it was one of the worst things I've ever seen in my life. And outside of the hockey, right though, it would would consider an attempt in murder. But nevertheless. And in America forget about Canada because it's a Canadian sport. If there was never any fighting, even though some people would grumble about it like Don Sherry, nevertheless, hockey would still be strong and well. Forget about the financial aspect. But as far as the public interest. But can you imagine especially here where the fan favorite is Big Number Eight Peter Warrell? Is can you a big into a magic if they banned fighting in the NHL? How many people we'd have here? Where we already can't throw up the goddamn seats? Any other sport? You think about it. Any other sport. Somebody gets a real fight to get kicked out of the game. And maybe suspended. Tanki, they get into a fight. And the crowd is up at air cheering. And they're following it to mouth. And they go to the penalty box for five minutes. And then the crowd can't wait for the two guys to come back up and do it over again. 560, 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. Good morning, me. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. I really can't believe how anybody can possibly defend the conduct of these European police officers for like a better name. Like you said, they shot 41 42 shots and they hit this guy in 19. I think any other citizen or anybody else in the same situation would have to have seen the gun. This man goes in his back pocket to pull out his wallet. This person will have his language barrier. And when he comes up with the wallet or when he starts to come up with the wallet. Shoot him. I believe it was basically an attempted they wanted to kill the guy. They didn't want to stop him. They didn't want to subdue the individual. They just basically wanted to shoot him dead. If they didn't, I can see them shooting him once or twice. But 19 times. Yeah. And how come they weren't trying to shoot what they thought was the gun out of his hand? Well, that's a little difficult in a 10th situation. I really do need it. It is. Yes, it is. And I really believe more cops. I also believe that you have a situation where these guys I mean, they were shooting the killer's guy. Exactly. There's no there's no doubt. Also, I believe that what they did, they did out of just being totally frightened. I mean, they were they were very scared themselves. I mean, you know, just because they were for police officers of the door they were very afraid of the situation that's around the area, et cetera. When they shot a very afraid of the surrounding area, that's their job. True. But they were afraid nonetheless. They were the cops don't ever admit to the fact that they're afraid. But they are. Yeah. And this is a perfect example of them being so frightened to the fact that they over reacted. Well, maybe they over react to me as an understatement. Absolutely. Overreact. They went bananas. They went ballistic. It could be part of that expression. Okay. And have a great day. They were scared. They were terrified because this one guy was going to kill them with his wallet. Now, I will say this years ago, back during those days of Marylle Bolt lift, I had two handguns that I got. And one of them was a handgun in the it was a wallet handgun. Have you ever seen those? Oh, yeah. Yeah. And you can pull all of your back pocket and guess what it is a gun. But did the guy have that? No. No. Please stay. Did you see the thing? What the hell was it on? Maybe MSNBC about the guy he's a opera singer or something kind of a Broadway play? Whatever hell this guy does. Black guy in the wrong place at the wrong time. This was in LA. See LA in New York. These are two great ones. This stuff happens all the time. And there was a report that there were four drug peddlers, young Hispanics 17 to 21. This guy's like 35 years old. This looked anything like 17 to 21. And he's I guess Hispanics of course could be black, but in this case he was dark. And they come in and they handcuffed him and they first of them and they acting like they're asked off the jail. This is a police state, baby. A police state. Here's a call in Willton, Manor, is he? Well, Manor. Yes sir. How you doing Neil? Okay. How do you think about that? The New York Police Department's situation with a guy he's in shot 42. Are you listening to the show? Yeah. And you wonder what I think about it? Yeah. Well, yeah, you're not hearing what I'm saying, then, right? You don't like the situation? I don't like the situation. What does that mean? How about those cancers, Neil? Uh-huh. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T, wireless lines, another more run. You know, I can't tell you how many people come up to make the hockey games and they say to me, what are you doing here? We just feel so sorry for the fact that you come on here every day. You're entertaining. We love your show. You're brilliant. This is what you got it. And then this is what you get. This is the response. Only in this town, only in this town with dead people and illegal aliens. And what am I getting upset about? I've been doing it for 24 years. Here's another asshole with absolutely nothing to say. Nothing. Probably a well-mannered cop, if yes, mate. Uh-huh. Yeah. This is the only place in America where there's any kind of a talk show with this story going on. I mean, forget about anything else that might be going on here. Well, you have to wait. I don't even have to go through it like a mini-snit again to get a response. Day after day after day, five days a week, 47 to 48 weeks a year whatever. Well, it's been to try to have somebody with some coherent thought on anything in the world. We got more and more on for a square inch than any place in the universe. That's another one. Put on our goddamn resume, baby. Or assholes for a square inch than any place you can throw at us. We got you a lick. Here's Boca, hello. Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing it at a great meal? I got a appalling story for you first of all. I got it was a moron. No kidding. What do you think of it? I'm listening to the show, Fag. Anyway, Neil, I've just come from Sears. I'm going in an hour late for work to get these tickets. Somebody told me you get these tickets for $14 for the game. So I'd say I'd be a schlepper. Go down and get three tickets and take my body. I go down and the assignments here. You know where Sears town is? I'm sunrise Boulevard. And a ticket master says, taking a master close. You got 20 people in line just sitting there. So I forge my way up to the front and ask the lady why are you close. She's doing that. I get to do the telephone bills in there as well. She goes the person from ticket master didn't show up for today. So you got all these slippers there. My mom would you like me to show up today just because we have a game tonight. Right. So I say to the late next. Well, what's going on? Is there going to be somebody that's going to come in and punch these tickets? You know, and you can tell I would have paid for the regular tickets. I just wanted to get to the front and get to tickets. You can tell you people got a back change on the line for the two Panther packs, the three Panther packs. So there goes no work close. I said, well, I'd like to speak to the manager being that I'm in a hospitality business. I just couldn't see that happening. So the manager comes down and she says, I'm sorry, we have nobody that's capable here to work this thing. And we have nobody to deal with a code to get into the computer. And I said, well, that's unacceptable. I said, where somebody doesn't show up at a business, you just close the business. Well, we're not responsible for ticket master. Guys, we don't mean she's telling me, she's we only get $1.75 from it anyway. And I said, well, I don't know what that is. I don't give her crap. So then finally, General, now I'm on the phone with ticket master trying to get tickets in other way. Who I can't get through to anyway because they're more on over there at ticket master. And then we want to know why people don't show up to these games. So finally, the manager, the storm manager, she called herself the General Manager, comes down. She tells this lady that we have been talking to to go on the computer and sell the ticket. So now where it's 10.45 now. So finally, she logs on and gets on the computer and she goes, I'm sorry. Well, I ought to pamper the tax seat. It's just crazy, Neil. It's crazy how you need to send assistance from New York City Police. It's, yeah, 41 times in the back of the head. That's what I think it is. Crazy how people treat people businesses run down here. Right. And then they want to know why they don't have to. And then there's one more that sums up this entire area. Schluck. Schluck. Neil, so he businesses done here the way everything is done. Schluck, promotion. Schluck. It's terrible. So I was just sucking around for the tickets. I'm thinking pardon? So I was going to suck around for the tickets. Sucker around for what tickets? For some pamper tickets. From who? For me, yourselves. To help a brother out for the night's game. And where would I get those? Oh, you got connections, Neil. You're the man of the actor after all of this crap that I just let you be on here. There's terminal in Son believable boring crap that I just listen to. And after you got a three night telling me and you telling me that the guy before me was a moron and a bozo which he was. And now you're the whole purpose of this is to suck around for tickets that I don't have. You always have them. Yeah, yeah, I have mine. And I'm not giving you my tickets. I'll trade you. I give you some tickets to go to a palpo artist. Yeah, okay, great. I sure missed those old people from Saturday. Five six seven. Oh, five sixty pound five sixty on the 18 T. Well, it's not come on. Does anybody want these pants or tickets? Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Fort Lauderdale. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, sir. You know, yes, sir. Can you hear me? I hear you. Can you hear me, sir? Oh, I can hear you. Okay. Where it's unbelievable. I love your show because it's controversial. Sure. And you bring up a lot of emotion and the oven down here about four or five months. Oh, I enjoy it. I enjoy it. But I got to enjoy one with you. You enjoy one. I enjoy your show because you bring out all my emotions. Okay. Okay. And don't don't say crap against her. I had to dump the please. We're on the radio. I didn't hear it. What do you say? You didn't hear what? Whatever you dump, I missed it. I wasn't paying attention. Shoot. What's extra you in at the time you gave? I know you said it's 25 times. You know what just happened here? Look at that. Okay. I, if you notice and I go to show I must begin old and slow. We just, this guy disappeared just like he never existed and Lyon 8 came on by itself. Excellent. So I'd go by the way. Yeah. And it sounded like the guy had found the fountain of beauty just lost 20 years on his age. All of a sudden, for 30 years, or maybe 100 minutes, it was 100. Yeah. All of a sudden, the guy got younger. This, this phone system is not only unacceptable. It's a piece of crap. It's still the one the same funky unacceptable things that it's been doing for two years now. Downstairs upstairs inside outside. That was, that was in the history of your life. I don't think anybody has ever heard that before on a radio show in the bathroom. In there are closet, just go from the middle of a word from one guy and all of a sudden, here's another guy comes on from the hell out of nowhere on this line 8 on the magic line. That just pops out whenever it's in the mood. How do you like that? Yes. The Viagre line. It just kind of like pops up whenever it feels like it. Oh, these people, this company, this Greg read this place. But the good news is the new system's on the way in the mail. Go to jail. 1056 and 560 WCW. 1056. It's Samurai. Yes, get down with the man who puts a disc in the functional M3. It's the album that's flooded its way to the top of the top. Please, time for the don't hurt you, sir. Yes, I did. You get unable to touch it. Have you seen Yoda and the Samus latest man you've got to But critic degree about M.C. Samus. Billboard said, 59, M.G.V. says that these are you to think. And Ebony says, say, one moment. Oh, damn, please, Hammer don't hurt yourself. Available everywhere on CD's, recommended. Okay, 1102 at 560 WCW. We got hangover. Get you a two. Yelding on G966. Panthers in above of those sabers, two really struggling teams, pre-gaming 770 at the Mcerwin eddy K after the game. Got that so far. Yeah, I got some of Panther tickets. Here's a mobile in North Miami Beach, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil. Hi. Welcome you, expect from it now. I'm driving right now. And the person in front of me has a bumper stick that is that my boss is a Jewish carpenter. Oh, yeah. Huh? You know, I'm working here, right? Right. Okay. I'm pleased to only, but so, okay, I disagree with about 80% of the things you say. However, I agree with anything, but I say, but nevertheless. Okay, the bad thing about the cops shooting this guy, you said that he's dead, yeah. Yeah, no, I bring up people like Sharpen and Jesse Kerson who has the balls to go and talk how they Jewish. Oh, oh. You know, I do it. You know, I do it. You know, I do it. I need time. Yeah. Really. I mean, you know, I'm a Hispanic, okay. But I knew what Jesse Jackson thinks of Jews and him without matter for his fan and co-hosts. So, you know, that's what the bad part about this thing is. Of course, an SI and no serious effect. That the guy should have been, you know, and then Jesse comes down here and starts to think about this FHP thing, which we all know about that about the grotesque, you know, but if the victims would have been too light, brothers instead of too black brothers, would Jesse Jackson have been down here screaming about the, did I say FHP the FBI? Would he been down here screaming about it? No. No. Well, the less, no. Just like the student's up there in Illinois that he was screaming about those fights start and scumbags and his team. Yeah, and they were blacks, so natural he's up there screaming that's out of and so on. Well, I was like, I was like, I was saying, you know, the last job Jesse Jackson had was making hamburgers and speeding at the person with white. Yeah. And he had to have got to come and, yeah. But at least he might spit in the soup anyway. That was, we had to come in and put that in. Okay. Have a great day, foul. Stick around. Okay. Do you say, stick around? Five, six, seven, five, six, six. That was one that was sung by the V-sports. I stick around. Yeah. V-sports are the ransies. Come on. Let's hear it. Well, they only had that one big hit. The randies. Yeah. It was a killer, though. Five, six, seven, five, sixty, pound five, sixty on the AT&T wireless line. I mean, you talk about desperate to drill up all these hours. One thing I like about MSNBC, they got five shows and they showed over and over again all day. Five shows. We got the one on JFK Jr. We got the one about the the bad pills and we got the one about his swelry and they showed the same five things over and over again all day. But you know what, it sure beats John Gibson. Please don't put John Gibson, put on there again. Put anything on. How does the market do? And by the way, it started out. It was up about 70 for a couple of seconds. Then I went to the look at that. All right. No wonder people are busy. They did a fine stuff. Yeah. That was up 170 freaking point. Yeah. Nice. That's down 66, but too bad. That tech is direct. I've been trying to tell you that. All you people they bought, pull my at four and outs 162. Through a story went to 162 on Friday. I was given the tip of $4 a year and I'm sitting here. So it's an admission on my part. I'm a moron. I'm a shmuck. I'm an idiot. I'm a fool. I'm a jackass. Dunderhead. Shmuck. 170. There's a good friend Ted David 10% of its shares. Yeah, look at that. So don't look anymore. See, this is like it's like watching a lease game. I don't do it. I just turn on real quick in between the secret discords because I'm bad luck. If I watch for more than 10 seconds, the market will take a precipitous drop. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes sir. Happy Monday sir. Thank you. You know that incident in New York couldn't have been avoided if one of the cops hadn't been a clock. Yeah. Right. When the guy pulled the guy he's rolled out that deadly wallets. One of the cops, you know, he's got a gun and and as he went to point it at the guy, he fell off the curb and shot. The other cops thought that this guy had just shot the one. He was a little ball off. Is that what you're saying, sir? I'm sorry. A little unbalanced. Uh, yeah. I think. Yeah. Don't speak. Right. Okay. That. Well, he made his point and he's busy now. He's got to go buy some stock before it goes through the roof again. Got to buy it at these bargain basement levels. Everybody get out with your broker right now and buy, buy, buy, buy. Come on. Let's go. Let's get that thing up to 15,000 before the day is up. Let's get it up to 25,000 and I won't have to come back here again tomorrow. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T wireless line. The company that refuses to care the one of these leaves and I'm so pleased that all by the way George did Bob the move is outrage with Bill South and with this. Yeah. Right. Outrage. A little bit slow, but once he gets pissed boy, look out for him. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. Good morning. The all are you. Great. I just wanted to talk a little bit about that the situation in New York with police officers. Yes. I agree with you that there was a degree of overreaction on the part of the police. Overkill. Yeah. The degree. However, those situations when the first part of a boss the drug boss like that are by far the highest probability of a police officer. What what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what what when they're when they're when they're when they're involved with when when when when they have guns drawn and they're in the process of of holding you know getting getting a prisoner or getting a person to the point where they're restrained. This guy with four guns drawn reaches in to pull out as wallet. It does not sound like a very smart move on the park. I mean if if I've got four police officers who are who are holding guns on me, I'm not going to reach in anywhere. I'm going to keep my hands behind my head and wait for a police officer to restrain me. Yeah. I mean on it just in the defense of the police officers it's a lot of people don't take a position where they realize they're facing somebody who's got deadly force and who's accustomed to using deadly force to protect themselves. And and you got police officers like this they don't know if the guys going for a gun or if he's going for his wallet. And none of them are willing to risk their lives in a sense and take a bullet to wish to see if the guys actually going a gun. Yeah, but how many how let me ask you this? How much via how much like the Rodney King thing? How much force was necessary to restrain somebody or to shoot the gun out of his hand or whatever once he had his hand. Does it take 41 shots? They will not shoot the gun out of anybody's hand. Why not? It's for two reasons one because they don't have that they don't have good enough aim. Why not? I'm somebody in the hell not? Generally speaking because if they start firing and they don't disarm the guy they're going to get killed. When they clear our arms out there are people there are there are there are four of these armed cops okay in one man four counter but their procedures I'm telling you that their procedures that when they draw their guns they don't draw to disarm somebody they draw to kill. They want to kill them well that's great that's terrific thanks for the good news thank you very much. Once you draw the gun in the guy says gun that's what the one officer he else he said gun and all the sudden. Two more thank you they're defending they're defending I shall say yeah I feel a lot safe for no one that this is come back serial rapers only was it he wasn't the guy he was the wrong guy wrong guy never stole a freight train never did not but he reached for his wallet that's the lesson for all you kids out there don't reach for your wallet so if you get pulled over for a speedy violation the cops let me see your license and registration don't reach in your pocket for your wallet because you might be reaching for your peace 10 past 11 and 5 50 WQM you're listening through real sports radio for radio for radio for radio five 60 Q 80 hit in To head out and round me I want to follow Whether living to him and when you are not engaged I'm livey I'm dealing with a change Where haven't you all kept I'm running from me on those bones I'm running from the dying It's my die I wanna die I wanna see you I like loving you I'm just like a poor person And when it's time The head comes in the rain I wanna go away Where the fuck are you? I wanna die You're a fucking child I wanna die Yeah You're a fucking child I wanna die I wanna die It's 11 17 It's 560W to kill Now you're not really getting calls from women off the air Looking for free hockey tickets for the game Then I, are you really getting tickets? Uh-huh In their hostile, surely not politely I mean, I need a lot of very nice people In fact, the only place I meet nice women Because very rarely, any women come to our appearances One or two, a few, a couple But, is that the hockey games Including, I got a brand new neighbor that came by a certain night's again She lives a couple of blocks away And she also has a golden retriever Which, what am I gonna do about my golden retriever's ears? That's what we gotta be talking about today Instead of the Southern Crab Oh, seriously, he's doing great But his ears, that ear thing that just never goes away I mean, I could go call off my good friend Dr. Ravats Your name is Joanne You know, I'm talking about my doctor She's very nice, a little panicky But I don't feel like going in there again It's been a 50, 100 bucks So she can go in there and give me another 2-0 of Otamax Because it doesn't work anymore He's got an ear infection in the kidney I have to keep cleaning it out He wakes me up 3 30 And a morning he's the shaken his head Shaken his head I gotta go with his stuff And clean his ears out 3 30 And a morning, you know? It's got to get a little bit old You know, I'm saying, what? I'm sorry Don't take it personal I'll just call the cops to come over And see if we can't solve the problem I'm actually somebody in this audience He's got some magic potion or something To clean those damn ears out and cut this crap Here's Jupiter Hello Jupiter Yeah, hi Yes sir You know, if you think about the cops Have no right to shoot their gun Any more than you might do Now they have to carry gun And yeah, sometimes they're they're alive They're they're alive the whole gun on somebody And of course they're duties Yeah, okay But the only time you're allowed to shoot somebody Is when you think they're going to hurt you To the point of maybe you're killing you Well, that's what that's what the defense was That they thought that the guy had a gun And they thought they were going to die That's right Well, that's the only way anybody can shoot anybody Right, now as far as 41 shots, you have to remember That the police in New York City Only got the right to carry the semi-automatic pistols in the last three years And they make a music they call hardball ammunition That 9mm bullet was designed to loom people on a battlefield It's called a 9mm parable It's a hardball Yeah, I would never carry hardballs unless I was target shooting You can't even hear it in balls I know points open up and they stay in the person you shoot And they take they tear a big chunk out of the skin And the kills them But these hardballs you can get shot with four or five of those Those 9mmers are also super sharp They hit you so hard that they go right through you And they don't really do much damage Yeah So that's the fact of the matter is if you know about guns and you know about bullets And you know if you've seen people shot with a 9mm and you're a cop And you've heard stories in the station house about that I shot the guy three times and it was just like nothing ever happened to And you're going to do the same thing they did Absolutely Okay, thanks for the good news Do I believe it? No, no You're going to do the same thing that they did They shot 41 shot and hit him 19 times by the way Including when he was already done And I still say okay, so let's let's just so for the sake of argument That there's such a bunch of cuts as they don't take target practice That all the things we see on TV and a cowboy shows about you know shooting They're gonna out of somebody's hand obviously that's just all bull crap Okay, but four cops can't like disable whatever the hell is guy hidden his hand One the one caller that was right is as soon as they start shooting They are shooting to kill So there's no room for error What that means is that if they think you've got to gun and you don't Which in this case was the story You have a got a Chinaman's chance part net expression because they are going to kill you dead And these people sound very agreeable with that They have no problem with that Oh, he's blocking it Oh, that's true. I forgot a band and an immigrant Right double whiny Yeah Here's Hollywood, hello And ill Yes sir A red and article in the Washington Post Is it John Rockers going to sign up for the New York City police force? Yes sir A red and article this weekend It said it took us between 1776 and 1990 to put 1 million people in prison in this country Yeah, we'll come up on a 2 million mark now this month is took us last 10 years Oh, right George Bush in the zero tolerance Right now we got 2 million people in this jail in this country And they're letting out killers and rape is like room for all the guys who are smoking pot So you know, just the police take you got to get stoned around here Everyone's so well just to leave this old American That's right I got pulled over talking about cops I got pulled over on 95 about four months ago in the dark of six o'clock in the morning Said no work and a female cop pulls me over Tells me you get out of the car She's got the lights on me And she says to me she gets out of the car also she says to me stand my right hand side I said why is that she said that's my gun hand You think I didn't do everything she wanted me to do I did Anyway, I'll close the America okay 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line There is nobody in this audience who disagree with the cops everybody loves the cops It's okay And they're going to just handle the police Because they're just blown his guts up We only had a shot like 15 times maybe And maybe only about seven or eight would have had a hit him Just to be safe and just to be sure Here's a mobile and candle hello Forget the cops let's talk about your dog here again Yes, something important that we can do something about This is a freaking a town that thinks that pit dogs Or I was the most exciting hockey player on the team Yeah, you know, so we can't talk about sports And we can talk about cops I guess But just give the Miami cops a couple weeks and they'll match it There'll be something We always do okay. Thanks for your very remarkable comments You know what he said five six seven 0 5 60 pound 5 60 on the AT&T wireless line out of town line 87 7 75 65 63 45 This really is I've said it many many a time it's not it's not said for to be humorous It's not said to be melodramatic. This is a scary place this time. They scary place What's the pound of time it was a whole different audience here, but not any more man not anymore Here's a mobile and bokeh hello Yeah, I know okay I try I'm trying to make this task serious possible Get all these old farts out of here Yeah, I wanted to make that one of the things that makes it so scary I want to say something about I don't know what this guy is talking about with talking about the cops and I tell you what What five six seven 0 5 60 pound five 60 on the AT&T line out of town line everybody Listen all over the world nobody's gotten the opinion on the shooting of those the guy with us work cops in New York getting off not anything I'm not a slap on a race not a set of course they're not done yet as you know thank goodness for that You're quit all didn't end their legal problems members of a roving plane close unit that allegedly stopped in frist young black men without cause A civil suit is expected against the off-nose in the city in the next few weeks There's also the chance federal civil rights charges may be filed the justice department took that course after 4 LA police officers were quitting the videotaid beating Black motorist Rodney can't we all get long came So they're not out of the woods yet. Oh, and speaking a lot of the woods and speaking of filing civil charges. How about that OJ huh? Oh, yeah, now he says he's he's he's the man in the the records of the police of the phone company They showed that the call that was made Nicole was talking to her parents while everybody thought she was dead Even though that we already rehashed this it was before 10 o'clock that call was made, but now he's just starting to begin Come on down OJ come on down 560 560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line Just absolutely unacceptable and there people here want to autograph from OJ. They want his autograph, baby because they got their member of media Santa and I don't know why people should be talking about crime and criminals and scumbags America loves this come back Don't remember that song by Gary Lewis and the playboys everybody loves this come back. That was one of his big hits They like it the bigger the scumbag you are the more they say you're up out of pedestals and the more they want an autograph Can I have your autograph this or since thank you 26 after 11 at 560 WQ I listen more anything Holy macadam this is jobo on the voice of the Toronto Maple Leafs and you're listening to the hockey authority Neil God I'm a jobo Yes, the old guy Move in your mind And to put those heads up coming from back in the kitchen for the belong Now you know why I went to the after watch back from 10 to the You're crazy too Isn't that crazy you crazy After all of my hit records all that my dad ever said one so big thanks to find the job When you get back from being as numb as my dad Give them apple Oh, big mouth You've been apple No Yes on home Guys Move in your mind And to put those heads up all the props Lighting those kitchen for days belong Behind I may say they would  the paper Sorry I will say that we'd have some espera for my kids Come on, shout out of your thoughts that are a little re-tog. Come on, hi. As you'll never walk all along. It's one of five five six. I'm getting out of here, Jerry. Okay, take your kids with you while you're at it. Five six, seven, five, sixty. So, panel-long, we just had somebody call in a very dog person. Somebody. And we're on the phone right now. George is on the phone as we speak. I'm going to give me some panel-log and I'm going to go home and shovel just gallons of it in my dogs. Here's an in the C.L. Works out. Five six, seven, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile in Miramar. Hello. Yeah, Neil. Yes, sir. What's up with these pig, Neil? You're teasing with? What is it, sir? What's up with these pigs in New York, Neil? They ought to get us. Five, six, seven, five, sixty. Pound five, sixty on the moon, moon, moon, moon line. Anybody in town from out of town, by the way, I hope you understand that everything you're on a show is an act and very accurate and a student reflection of what this town is all about. You ever know that, don't you? Please, please understand that. Please, absorb it. Don't ever forget it. Here's a mobile in Fort Laterdale. Hello. Mobile in Fort Laterdale. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got cut off. I was talking to you a few minutes ago. Any of that? You cut off. You've got turned into somebody else. Yeah, I was on the I lost it on this end. But I want to touch face with the old people. And some of your people are calling in. And of course, you may just come to the second tier of them. I'm a blah blah blah blah. I didn't send second tier of old people. I said there are too many crabby old old people in this area. The demographic here is upside. Well, it is. There's no question they came down here. You know, but not. Yeah, I mean, what are you going to do with them? Well, here's a guy just said a record. And only this time somebody else didn't come on. You know, this is too much today. This is more than anyone person should have to endure. Let's get some food from Tony's in here. Let's get a bunch of pizzas. No salad. No meat and cheese. Just a bunch of nice pepperoni pizzas. And I'll just scrape all the good stuff. I'll scrape the cheese off the top. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T. Why those live seats? America, sir. You can't say Schmidt on a radio. Don't you understand that? No, you can't say it. No, you can't say it. No, you can't say it. No, you can't say it. No, you can't say it. Maybe you can take one. I used to love to take one. No, just hold it. Here's sunrise, hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Yes. Yes. How you doing this morning? Okay. That's not Ken. See you. Hi. At this morning, you're probably doing better. And now this morning, I send my wife over to the McLean. Ask her to pick up tickets for the game tonight. What's she come up with? Tina Turner tickets. Why does that? So she was going to get her tickets, but she forgot in hindsight. Oh, son of which, you just got the Tina Turner tickets and no hindsight. I went back and, uh, going to get the pants of packs sold out. That's fucking bitch. Yeah. Exactly. Any chance I could get tickets for tonight? Yeah, they got a lot of them. 5000 seats. You're right back, over there. She had a lot of tickets. 560, 560, 560. 1 good thing about this show. At least this audience is consistent. Yeah. Pick it right off where we left off last Thursday and Friday. Don't let a weekend get in the way these vacities. They, nothing will stop them. I'll see. What is this saying? If you're stopped by a Fort Myers cup. If you're white just a how do you officer? I'm a way to the clan meeting. If you're black or Hispanic, stay out of Lee County. There you go. A little warning for you. Oh, you're black or a spixed out of Lee County. Or else. Or else they give you the official Lee County greeting. Which sounds something like that. So basically generally speaking, the cops are always in the right and these other people they can do no one. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T wireless life. Or as John McKin would say those gooks can do no one. Isn't that what he said? Something like that. Fine. By the way speaking of that, nobody seems to care George W. He picked up some real big stuff over the weekend. He got what happened delegates somewhere in the Virgin Islands and the territories and all the ships and see. And especially the servicemen, whatever that was possible, he used to say George W. Think that more than $2,000 to the Republican National Convention. You know, this man is so dumb, it's scary. Did you see him when they cornered him on the thing about interracial dating and his parents had Bob Jones University? He could he tried to clarify and he kept getting wrong. No, I'm opposed to interracial dating and what he was trying to say was he was opposed to their position, but he couldn't say it. Or maybe he just couldn't bring himself to say it. One of the other. And he just kept just stepping all over his tongue. He couldn't be speaking this man. He is a vacuum head, George W. But now he's got 93 delegates and Senator McCain, old John McCain, the newly remade John McCain. He's got 96. And tomorrow, what we got tomorrow, we got to Virginia. George W. going to win Virginia, right? And North Dakota, on the Parterry Junior Parachry. And then a week from tomorrow, it's Super. It's Super Tuesday, baby. Yeah, Super Tuesday. It's all a bunch of crap. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, but I got my unfolding thing. I'm going to be voting this year. 20, 30 times easy. That's just in Broward. Maybe 50 times in date. Especially if they get, especially if they get that baseball thing on a ballot in date county. I must be crazy. I must be not. I'm going to be voting like every five minutes. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, man. I know. How are you? I'm calling because I can't believe somebody's people are defending the New York Club. What do you mean some of them? Every one of them so far? Well, I don't air-gas single one at June. I can't wait to see our pull result later on on our website. But I don't think people know that these police officers were not in uniform. They were playing closed police officers. Right. So how could this man, that just followed through the ground and obeyed these cops, he probably didn't know what they were. Yeah. And I'm just really shocked that people are calling and trying to justify. I think we've been conditioned now to do a set-up of police statements. I'm just really upset and disappointed by what I'm hearing. Now, one of the officers, this boss guy, he'd be the boss. He says that the hour was in a, when he went back into the building, it all in the, he was in a combat stance. Combat stance. Right. I'm following that. All right. I mean, yeah, maybe he was going to do a little karate there. Maybe this guy's been watching too many Ralph Machio movies or something like that. I think he was pulling his wallet to probably show life. Right. Exactly. But like you say, he was a little bit like a taken back because these are playing close guys. And like I said, they're playing the famous, that they would go around the neighborhood and the frisking young black guys without any special reason just because they were black. I'm really disappointed. That's why I want to call. Really disappointed. Okay. Thank you. It's the American way. Don't forget it. Okay. See you at the passport office. We'd all right. And good luck to you and your people and all of us people. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line 21 before noon at 560 WQAM. Where we love the cops, maybe. We love guns. We love bullets. By the way, what's so whatever happened with that? George. Whatever happened with Maya starting for a callback. They're checking their inventory. They're checking to see if they had it. Yeah. It's a very common thing. Yeah, but they're a really tiny little place over there. The community animal hospital. Yeah. Tiny is over the community animal hospital. That way you just say. Well, sure if it's nothing to serious tiny. And don't drop on the carpet again. Keep the crap. 21 before noon at 560 WQAM. Correct. She's only got one eye. He's kind of going to the city of the poor little son of cocaine. He's decided not to sell his ever-use cocaine. George is not with him and he's not that he's trying. Yeah. What's over, public in safe? In an exclusive safe in San Se. Here's to the safe. And he will never play with cocaine. George is not with him and he's trying. Go, K. 1145 at 560 WQAM. They got a thumbnail sketch of the four officers involved in the shooting in the bronze. Edward McMellon 27 has been on the four six years. He pumped, he unloaded 16 shots. He's had five civilian complaints alleging excessive force abuse of authority and racial insensitivity. All deemed unsubstantiated by department officials. Sean Carroll 37. 3 civilian complaints against them were all deemed unsubstantiated. Kenneth Boss, the boss. 3 civilian complaints alleging excessive use of force were all deemed unsubstantiated. See a pattern developing there? Uh-huh. And Richard Murphy 27, who's had no prior shooting incidents or civilian complaints in the four times. I just mentioned that in passing. And it's interesting so far of all the calls that we've had. The one young lady who obviously sounded in the middle, she might have been a little dark and collected. So here's a racial thing again. Uh-huh. Wow. So it's okay for black people to get shot at at 41 times. I wonder if there's anybody in this audience who's called to give me this big pseudo intellectual condoning of the police action. I wonder if it would have been somebody in their family. White darker in between. What the hell they would have said? Or somebody that they knew who never stole a freight train and never raped anybody. Well, my family member wouldn't have been a black South African West African. And he certainly wouldn't have assumed that combat position. Here's a call in Chicago. Hello. Any, hi, Doug. Yes, you're a great. Um, yeah, the cops should hang. I mean, there's no reason why the should happen that they go. But you know that nobody gets abused by cops in Chicago for crying out loud? Yeah, right. I mean, I mean, I mean, that's an understatement. Yeah. But, um, you know, the OG thing. I mean, he's banned from society essentially. What I'm concerned about is this Ramsay deal. How these two can just float off with nothing? Well, I think the reason being that the ineptitude of the investigation was so growth-taskin in the first hour, following the murder, they allowed the evidence to be contaminated so badly that they're never going to convict anybody. And then they just get you with a whole grand jury thing and they're promising us this and that and the no one's not enough. And then life goes on, they're never going to nail anybody. I guess we just got to watch our back. Yeah, there you go. And watch patty too while you're at it. Okay. Yeah, I think that if mommy, all you little kids out there, if mommy comes home with a bunch of duct tape from the store, what else was it that you got to duct tape and something on the cord and the cord, yeah. Well, let me show you what I do. You know, kind of like tie that on biblical cord back again. That might have been, huh? I might have been something. Maybe she wanted to do macrom. And now I want you to stop and think about this scenario. Okay. We got to use people to plan this kidnapping. This was supposed to be not a rape, not a murder. This was a kidnapping. They'd go into the house. They fight away in the house while the parents are still in there, by the way, because she was never in there alone. And they borrow a pad, a pad and a pen. And they write the ransom note. And they just haven't known the amount of John Ransy's bonus that they asked for the ransom, hundred eighteen thousand. Is there anybody with a IQ larger than, then, I believe this craft? No. No. I say just to be on the safe side, probably both their asses, what I say. Oh, let's try both their asses. Just to make sure we get to write one. Because whichever one didn't, it would have been coming up for the other one anyway. Or maybe they both done it. Maybe he was doing the rape in. And maybe he was doing the strangling and masking, whatever else was going on. 567.0560. Pond 560 on the AT&T. Where was line? Here's a lady in Margie. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. Yes, I'm just, I want to let you know. I don't agree with the verdict in the day I'll okay. Yeah. I just turned on TV that the defense expert who said the police, followed proper procedure was never crossed examined by the prosecution. Why is that? I don't know. They thought they thought he should have been crossed examined. Because maybe they didn't follow proper procedures, but they never crossed examined them to find out. Nice. Anyhow, I'm from Albany myself. And I thought those people up there would get it right. But low and behold, they came out with that verdict. And they had four black people on a jury. They had black people, yes. It's amazing. It's really amazing. Maybe readjust brought in the bag of money or something. Okay, have a great day sweet. I too. I buy. She's in the connected. No. 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. They took fighting out a hockey. Would you still go to the game? No. No. Not down here. They took the big black number eight away from the attainment. No. No. See, I love hockey because it's a fast game because it's exciting. You can't just speed the skill, the passing, the scoring, the great saves, the breakaways, the penalty shot. That's what I said, exciting. Not the stupid fights. And we got people talking about the Martin McSorley Dommel. But sure episode will never hurt of either one of them. And everybody's got a god damn opinion. But like a lot of intelligent, rational people have said, if the violence weren't permitted to even condone in the first place, then stuff like this wouldn't happen. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. I know how I am. Okay. I'm a black male. I'd like to make a comment on shooting in New York. Going back to the, the declaration of independent, it starts out with the quote as, I went in the course of human events. Yes. Well, I bought a bottom line is when society does not hold up to as low as the nature's laws that, this society is supposed to be built. What should happen in this case, the only thing I think that would rectify it is that the cops themselves were taken out. I take it out of me and shot it just like the kid was. Yeah, who's going to do then? Well, I would hope society would. Society is going to shoot the cops. I would hope so. So I'll read you believe in the vigilante justice. Is that what you're recommending sir? No sir. Then how does that happen? Who's going to do it? We're going to appoint a committee. Is that how it works? I'll make a difference. Something new and novel I've never quite heard this one before. I must have missed that part of the Declaration of Independence. Well, that's why I made reference to it. A lot of people know it's there. They don't read it. They know what's there, which says take it out of justice in your own hand if you don't like the verdict in the trial and go out and shoot the cops. What part of the Declaration of Independence is that? That is exactly what it says sir. That's exactly what it says. Okay. Let's get a copy of a Georgian reading. That he said that's exactly. And nobody just said that's exactly what it says. And he said that. Yeah. Says when you don't like the verdict just like the OJ thing. Oh, I should ask him about OJ too. Let's take care of that one first. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. You see, this is very tragic because this is also part of the American way. It should make a guide then but a difference. What color this guy's skin was where he came from. It shouldn't mean anything to anybody. But so far, all of the people on the one side accept the nice lady to call the couple of calls. All the other people, all the men, all the macho men. They're all for the cops. Except we had one young black lady who was upset by the burden. Then we got this black guy who wants to invoke the Declaration of Independence. The clause there where it says if you don't like it, blow it or brain's out. Okay. If they did a quit then they're foolish men. What if the quality of that thing goes? And that one it says is that they did a quit then they're all foolish men. Yeah. Woo! 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60. You know what? We're calling off this year's presidential election. I'm taking over. Oh god. That's right. That's the only hope you got. Boy, this girl's out there to that right now. The only hope you got. I'd be taking over right now. Gonna be real interesting to see what I get there. It actually is over the first numbers from our poll today. Do you agree with the Anantilde verdict of the four of the New York cops? Yes or no? First of all, yes and if you agree, if you think that the right verdict, you say yes. If you disagree, if you think maybe they should be out at least a slap on a wrist. At least they suspended a sentence. Something, something. Here's color red, yellow. Color ridge. Hey Neil, how you doing today? Okay. Great. Good morning, Tia. And back to it. George rules and Neil's got. Yeah. Sorry. You know there's a poetry contest over the weekend. And Bob, they, uh, a Harvard Yale gentleman and a Tennessee Redneck. And they were each given the same word and he had to to witness them up with this poem. And the winner of course would be the winner. And, um, the Harvard Yale guy went first and the word was Kim Buc too. Here's a mobile in Miami, hello. Now, now that was beautiful. I just punched up the mobile in Miami and our phone system just made them disappear. Don't blame me. You could just hear it. You hear it. Get yank. Just like that. You see, you guys in this building, Bluff Lindsay and Greg Reed and Bob, the most of these other beastly people. You can keep howling about Bell South all you want. Like I said, there's other options. If Bell South can't provide a phone system in this room that works, there's as many other options. We've had people that are big to come in here for free, put in their own phone system from their company. One that actually works with fiber optic connections with crystal queer connections. And this place is like, uh, like there is a spender animation. These people, they can't get off the goddamn dime. Here's Miramar. Hello. Miramar. Hello. Yes, sir. I'd like to make a couple comments about the thing in New York. I'm totally disgusted with a police there. I understand from a couple reports that I've heard on today's show, that this guy had five bullet holes on the bottom of his shoes. Right. And on the after he was down, it kept on shooting. They kept on shooting. Right. Now let me tell you something. If that were to happen down here, I think that the people down here would arrive. And that I don't think that the people are very, um, what's, what's the word for you don't give a damn about different? Well, in different conditions, or maybe conditions, uh, and they can be brilliant. And they can be an okay. I, I, I remember like in the, uh, the Wobbly King thing. I don't agree with you. I think they've just had too many, uh, an incident's a racial violence in the York already. And even the National like Al Sharpton is warning them. Don't come up there and start up because that's not going to sound anything. That's not the way we're going to get to the bottom of this. But what about what about what about the mayor? Which doesn't he have anything to say about anything? Well, what do you mean doesn't he have to say the mayor is a fascist? And they are supported. The mayor said that jury did a good job. He gave his apologies to the family. And he said, uh, but nevertheless, uh, we support the captain of the right thing. Oh, they did the right thing. The mayor is the mayor is the mayor is the Nazi sir. Don't you understand that? Yes, I do. There is a card card on the surface. I understand that. Lots to be a member of the US Senate by the way. Have any of your, um, um, listeners, um, watching today's show this morning with the, uh, the, uh, eight jurors that were on this morning. I don't know. They are asking more on. And you know what they had to say? They, they, they, they listen to what the judges and structures were to say. Yeah. And the judges and structures were to say to put yourself in the cops position. What about this poor bastard decision to walk out of his apartment and just be there. And, and it's trying to give them my ID before they blew away. What about him? Yeah. What about him? Well, and don't my hand difference. Tim now, I guess, because he's dated five, six, seven, five, six. Here's the first results from our poge. You're going to, well, it's, uh, at least a little better than the poge. I saw on the, uh, that roadrunner thing. Our poll question today on neo-rodges.com. And how come there's only 60 hosts by the way? What's the story? Is this audience, and they all died? Is that what it is? I think that that thing we saw on Saturday at the Indian place. I think that was a, uh, that's what it given us a big message. 60 votes. By noon, two hours, we got a whole 60 people that have made the effort to, uh, voice in opinion on this. There's been the number one story in the news. All goddamn weekend long. And anyway, well, do it after the break. Three minutes before noon at five, 60 W to Q. A meal rots your shelves, Q sports radio, five, 60s. Q, A, and... W, Q, A, and... I don't have to grow up. I'm a gunner of kids. So I can always kill myself for something bad. I did it's gonna be cool when I kill everyone. It's cool. It's cool. It's not my dad's dead. It's okay. I'll exercise my right. One time now, I''m like by the ENRAAval assembly... ...of theens hunt kids. We're gonzer of 2.there's an answer I call the, how does 2 trumper run away from Odogi and my name is parenthesisING? He's still playing a lot! He's really sorry I were that choice... ...and could never it be for a couple more hours more than a day. Okay, let's go! Right here, L'A. Let me see that guy who's gonna have loosing young man before. I'm glad I got it. Go on. Go on. That's the American fucking way. Okay, 12.02 at 5.60 W to QA. You see, this wasn't a serial murderer they were looking for. A serial rapist. So I guess maybe instead of if he would have instead of pulling out his wallet, if he would have pulled out his ****. Yeah. Then they could said, oh yeah, that's the guy. And then they could have pulled him away. Anyway, here's our pull results. So far 60 votes in two hours. And we're not in the air. Maybe that explains it. Wait till we go on the air. Do you agree with the knock you'll be birds of the New York City cops so far? Yes, 25, 41.6%. No, 35, 58.3%. 60 votes. A little bit too close for me. And that too close. And like I said, the one on the road run around this to their national pull was even Steven. I think the yeses were like a little bit ahead as far as I agree with the verdict. Not that I want to put any ideas in your head or manipulate with what you say. Okay, especially after you read that part of the Constitution or the Declaration of Independence or the Louisiana Purchase, whatever hell I was talking about. Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, here I like the devil's advocate for the cops over there in New County. But I'm a young black little and I gotta tell you those guys run circles around the cops over here. Yeah, I'll try to go over the neighbors and hear like, every other weekend and what a weekend I was really passionate about. I'm going like, I'm hot on the trail. One of those cops over there in New County, over the over. I dropped all four windows because I have dark tents and was really dark over there. And I'm talking about some dark contact. Right. A lot of darkness going on. Yeah, I made sure I'd be talking about and also I have a few buttons for me. I had like two guns in a jiffle. So I kept both hands on the steering wheel to entertain and I just went to the cops and I'll let you. I'm legally carrying two people to the left. In brother at the where they were, didn't ask me what type they were. You can get the fuck up after you for my driver's license and registration for the insurance. So anyhow, I'm talking to a guy like five minutes in the conversation. If that's what you up with the warning lines you have to hire a part of my normal speeding valve. 100 miles an hour and two guns he said, have a nice day. You know, okay. But now they're interested in coming up and coping up, girl, my wife is a sandwich. Yeah. I was doing the speed limit on the rest one. Right. And you like thirty five forty miles an hour. And I started with cops. We left the left hand side of the road with his gun. I was in plenty for it because I was speeding. I looked up the matters you made last year coming down behind me. He tried to play a game with me. He stayed in the middle of the day and they were exactly. He came over and then he told me. Same thing. I dropped off one window and kept hands to attend and told him, you know, I'm sorry. I'm just a little weapon on me. He said, if you touch it, I'll probably have an hour. Get out of the car, make me ask for them. You know, the whole of my nuts like you thought this killed kids. Yeah. So again, I hate to see that devil's advocate for those guys. Okay. Well, let's see. I'll see you in four miles. There you go. I got one sentence request. Yes, sir. Could you place it all right? Okay. Slow down, pal. Slow down. Here's what I got to say. 15 can kill weapons. It's starting to 120 miles an hour. What the hell's wrong with you, Paul? You said anyway. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 5, 60, on the AT&T line. Here's a mobile and Hollywood. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey. I don't know where to start with this. Right. We can think. The problem is, as far as I see, there's no accountability. The same thing in your work for the city, the county, the state. They can get complained. It doesn't matter. They're not planned. If anything, they're on the reviews on duty with pay. And this has happened anywhere else in the world, any other country. And I watched part of that on court TV. Yeah. I got mixed up. I thought the prosecutor was one of the defense attorneys. Despite the questions she wasn't asking. Nothing pointed, nothing that rattled, did anyone understand? Yeah. Maybe he knows Chris Darden and Marcer Clark. And we were laughing at that other guy. But what if the shoe was on the other foot? What if it was for citizens who shot a cop before, or as he was reaching for his bank? Well, let me ask you this. What about it if it would have been for black cops? Well, are they victim-litter been white? Do you think that the people calling day would have had the same opinion? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know if it's a black or white thing. I don't know. But I shouldn't be. But there's no question that it is. You just, just by the few calls we've had about it here today, and they show it, obviously, is. I do know they have too much authority and not enough accountability. Okay. And say how do those cops with that, the 10-year-old prostitutes have done their incandivator at it. Here anymore about that over the weekend? No. It's only the 20th of February, by the way, in two days it will be March 1, 2000. Are we ever going to hear anymore about that? No. No, we're not going to hear anymore about that, because it was a cop that's done it, and they swept it under the carpet. If you guys go out there and you're having sex with, if you yourself, I got a damn horror ring with some 16-year-old girl. Even if you're 19 years old and you're having sex with a 16-year-old girl, it's statue to a rape. You're going to go to jail. And here we had a bunch of cops setting up a prostitution ring, and goodny to shoot south Florida in America, where prostitution is illegal, except in one county in Nevada out there. And our local news media with a big song that adds for about two days until they got tired of it, and decided that we want to hear more about God damn John Beney, who's been dead for, she ain't even like lukewarm anymore. Maybe luke done it. Now, seriously, have we ever heard one more word about this? No, no. Because it would be too embarrassing that too many cops and too many law enforcement agencies and date county, so as a result, certain individuals managed to sweep this out of the carpet, and certain brilliant journalists in this town have managed conveniently to forget all about it. prostitution ring with minors, and their best customers were porters. Do one to others, how does that thing go? Screw one to others? Don't bring screw into this place. He's got enough honor hands. I'm in its past known as 5.50WQ. I don't give a sh** anymore. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the true New York young kids. Darrell, strawberry. I'm a doctor. Good and good. And the personal coach Steve Hal. Hal. That's what I like about. That couldn't in the wind up. The straw man snorts the line up. He's true in like a dog who heard a bell. He's high as a lab rat for smoking the crack at a bat. He does him like cocaine just like the way it smells snorten. A ball, a starl's rolling up the clam is snorten. A ball, and he's given good and plenty. They lick the 20 dollar bill. Their teeth are grinding like a pep a mill. Doing a ball, out the hole in fills. He's in the store. Steve Hal is in the bullpen. His nostrils are wide open. He's so f**ked up beating, he's on the brakes. He gets advice from Doc and Doc prescribes some rock. So first people will line in to any blooter. Say snorten a ball, say abuse the magic out a snorten a ball. Ranking a lid on that clam chowder. Prescriptions got the pet you will refill. They do it in the pool if they had gills. Doing a ball. Out come all in fills. All out money. Eight balls. Out come all in fills. I like a welcome you all aboard. It's your manager. Hi. Well 15 to five 60 WQM 560 560 560 560 on the AT&T where I was lying. The officer said the five foot 650 pound the yellow darted in the dimly lit entrance of his building in dual black object that looked like a gun. Boss recall that the yellow was in a combat stance. The officer said they feared for their lives that opened fire. Carol and McClullin the McMellin whatever hell his name is. The officer said they should empty their 16 shot guns. Boss fires five times in Murphy 4. While back and up their partners. Carol wept on a stand while recalling the shock of realizing the black object was just the wall if I said where is the effing gun. In closing arguments prosecutor Eric Warner told jurors the yellow never stood a chance. After the officers made a snap judgment that he was a suspect looking in a bad neighborhood. The officer told the officer that he was in the right order and identified that most of the bull is probably stuck the yellow as he was falling or while he was flat on his back. Although one witness said the he heard in officer shot gun before the shooting several prosecutor witnesses testified they had never heard the officers's voices before the gun fire started. All right. Here's a lady mobile in Fort Mauderdale. Hello. She's got a lady up and then nothing to waste to a killer freight train alone in Fort Maudaboy. Hello? Yes, man. Hi. Yep. Yes, I am. Hi, Oyor. Okay. I'm a 20 year old white female and I have an opinion about this thing going on in New York. Yes. I believe that it's about race. I mean, people are making it all about race. It's about human life and the loss of a human life. Yeah. And I believe black, white, purple, or pink, these men should be sitting in prison. Regardless of what color they are because if it was white police officers that shot a white man, I don't believe that the black community would be so outraged about it. Of course not. But I just believe that it's about losing a human life. Right. And it's point blank. You know, if it was a black officer that shot a black man, then it would not be okay. But if it was white officers or shot a white man, then the black community would say, Okay, it's okay. Brush it under the right get rid of it. That's my opinion about it. Okay. I think they should be sitting in prison right now. Have a great day, okay. Anybody know what you just said? No, I can't figure it out. But anyway, just like O.J. and the two white victims see same thing. Strictly racial. The only people who would love to hold a friend O.J. He said the few assholes in this building are black folks. Some of them, very small minority. I think at this point. And then of course, they're the black folks who say, okay, well, we know he did it. But now it's one for our side, you know, because we've been getting screwed so long. As if somehow we have a whole series of these, we're going to look like a contest. You see, we can't even it up. Is that what it's all about? Huh? And the bottom line is you live in a country. And I've been trying to this for years where human life is this cheapest step in on a cockroach. So, well, what's everybody all bent out of shape? About it. And more people killed here in one hour in this country, then in some civilized country, and a whole year. Well, you know, that's just the way it is, okay, go someplace else. Screw you, Neil. Go someplace else. Okay. Thank you. 567 they never called back with my, your stuff. I'll call them to the expert. No, boy. What's the code again? Community panel. No, not the place. Oh, I'm not talking the name of the place. Panellog. Actually, repeating that because maybe somebody will come by here with a few tubes. Oh, they're bunch of pizzas instead. Which would be even better for that. Because who they'll want's panellog for lunch. Any more want panellog for lunch? No, but if we had a bunch of pizzas from a tonis from our good friend Brad and our delivery guy that just brought him into the door as I spoke, it would be a good shake. But what you do is the scatkins again today. See, the other thing I'm doing well on that other diet at the 2030. And if I'm the only problem is my blood sugar is sky high because I'm eating pasta again. And the things that you're supposed to eat on that diet. And my blood sugar was like a two high. Not good. Not good. Can you hear it? Yeah, it's good. So while the wagons for a couple hours today, I think. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the 18 tail. And then of course, we got the big hockey game tonight where you can do the Wayne Hizinga diet. So overpriced and so bad. You wouldn't need any window first place. Maybe a little bit of that soda. Although I will confess I had the onion rings Saturday. And it worked that bad. And that bad I'm confessing that I, because I cannot tell a line. Let's do something in for me. And they weren't that bad. So if you must eat something at the macaroon, get to the onion rings in a soda and 20 or 30 beers and you'll feel great. Here's a mobile and Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hi, man. Hello. Yes, man. Yes sir. Yes sir. There's two things that is just heard me about this case. First of all, I guess you've probably got one in general. The consensus that is two in their shots. Consensus is one. Yeah. And 19 hits. Yeah. Why? Even their all strawberry never had that many. What did they approach them initially? Because they thought they, he looked, he looked, he defended the description of the suspected serial rapist. So I didn't need this Russian in, you know, banging down. Why didn't four against one? Why didn't this Russian in banging down? How's they thought he was pulling a gun? I mean, even got four guys against one. I listen, you don't have to debate with me. I agree with him. And all these votes are defending it. Say, oh no, you know, they're not trained. They're there. Once they start shooting, they're going to kill you. Which I don't understand that. But you know, okay, you know, in case of police, protocol, you are just like in a justice system. You're innocent and improving into improving guilty. Yeah. And you feel like these guys were the surrounding this guy in the video. And they would have had the upper hand. And if this guy would have a women in this case pocket and, uh, present in the type of weapon, they could have ruptured him. How are they doing? How are they doing? Wait a minute, you said they could have subdued him. How? You see how four guys against one? Yeah. It couldn't subdued him. You mean you take four white men to, uh, Well, what did we just make? Whether they were white. Well, whatever. They're the first. What? Is there a reason to make that they were white? What do you mean you tell me that you can't get four guys to subdued one one? But you keep using the word subdued. What does that mean? You suggest that they rushed in. And if it turned out that it was a gun, he would have blown one or two. They thought, in fact, that he was perpetrated in the Ukraine. Yeah. They were in the Ukraine. They were in the Ukraine. And then talk about it. Why do you mean you mean before he pulled out the wall? No. If they thought this guy was involved, they didn't kind of cry. They should have rushed him in the ground. So, so, and all of those guys. So, and how the words if somebody sees you walking out of street and they confuse you with a suspect. What would have been killed? Yeah, a good point. Excellent. Good point. That is a good point. You know what? Okay. Calm down, sir. You want to get stressed out while I'm eating here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, 0, 5, 60 because once you get stressed out that old, I BS starts up again, which knock on wood. Knock on wood, boy. Since I had my nice vacation there, I've been doing pretty good. Knock on wood. It just is very, very incredibly disturbing to me. And again, the guy had a good point there at the end. At least if they rushed in, true you down before he had a chance to reach for anything. Even if you're not the guy, at least they're not going to blow you away by accident because they overreact. But again, keep in mind. I'm not saying I necessarily agree because I don't know. I don't live in New York. Thank God. I'll do live here. So go to show you. It says these four police officers allegedly, allegedly, were being excessive because they cracked down on crime by frisking, frisking young, blessed stopping and frisking a young black man, but not caused. So in other words, just because you were young black guy, they would stop you in a frisking. If you look dangerous, if you look like something that they didn't like and of course, all four of these guys happen to be white. It's not working folks. It's not working. The racial experiment in America and ain't working. Got news for you. How about if we just split up to stay, Tazzat's on. Okay. South Carolina. Let the crackers have Georgian South Carolina. Here's a mobile info, Lauderdale. Hello. How are you doing? Okay, sir. I got a couple things I wanted to talk about. The first thing was, yeah, these cops, the police nowadays, they're, excuse me, they're out of the control. They really are. I mean, there seems like it's more harassment than anything else in that phase with a police. I mean, the fifth or unload on that guy like that. I mean, you can just put it together like you're doing and you can just tell that there is a definitely going wrong. The other thing I want to talk about is, I like Peter Warick. And I like it when he gets out there and starts fighting. Peter Warick. No, I mean, Peter Warick. No, I mean, Peter, he's at the hockey player for the, I thought Peter Warick was a football player. I, I, what's his last name? Cool. Peter, it's pumpkin. Peter, Peter, pumpkin either. Get out of here. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound, 5, 60. I mean, I'll be glad to talk about it with you, whatever your opinion is. But if you don't even know the guy's name, then what kind of conversation can we have? You know what I'm saying? Little, little, little, little, little like that. You're going to be real hockey fans out there. What you just heard is a classic example of hockey knowledge here in South Florida. Peter Warick. And let me ask you this. Is Warick done? And what the hell kind of an name is that anyway? I know Dion Warick. You think she became to them? Uh-huh. Okay. And how about that Derek Thomas and those seven kids by five different women he had? Or you want me to another, you will choose that one of this? 26 pass known as five, 60 WQM. The Florida Panthers live here. Just keep going! For 30 minutes. Fort radio, five, 60s. Q, A, M. Well, I definitely thought I'd find the guy's no ride, but I made two little round deals today. Now it's a classic set of wheels mixed up from where your brother would fly a TV. Now it's a piece of charge and a bit of trick is going to be the die of the massive 9000 canter liquid Jerry York. Now they believe this. We're gonna put on a Jerry Jerry to be a deep risk. Now they believe this. Shiny leader, Bill Smith, and he took us to fetch him now to one bounce number rule. Get the pig, that is super downweigh. Now with the others, top of the deal, something I'll get around the pig's in the praise. So, now it's a 7-3-9. I'll bow down with you now. She's so looking bad now, he's my baby girl. The star baby is a good knock on the Jerry Jerry of the baby's reasons. The star baby is shining in the middle of it. Smith, you see. George? Obviously dominate this game. They were looking at 177course. I got out of the game in the game. Oh, that's a tough answer. And I'll tell you this thing we're doing with this poll on the website. This is great. It's given me a whole new insight as to what it's all about. Of course, I've always told you about the Ash Duck in that goes on. But Eric Pax is me the newest results, which all of a sudden after I chew to about to happen hour ago, the re-result is double. From 60 to 120. But he points out the votes were even until 11 o'clock when you gave your opinion afterward the no votes took to leave. And did not tell you that the one on the road run or thing there was like even Steven, like maybe a point apart. But now, because he ever understand that, we don't, there are anonymous. What's the point of sucking around on the website? And to make me feel better as that, it's just like last week. And over the weekend, there were more facts in the audience over the, you know, until all these other people came on. But while I was on the air, like a 14% of more like a limprist. And then over the weekend, all of a sudden, it was going down. And the tally too. Yeah, everybody was going down. Right? Uh-huh. We got 120 votes. Do you agree with the not guilty verdict of the New York City cops? 46, a, which is 38.3% and 74 say, no, 61.5%. And of course, this can't possibly be a black and white thing on our website because our black people allowed on the internet. No, not yet. I don't think. Huh? Al Gore's work it on that. But I don't think what? What do you laugh at about black people are allowed to vote on these polls? Are they? No way, Jose. Hey. Here's a mobile in Boughton Beach, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. I'm just want to make a comment on what you've been talking about. You know, this is a human being. It doesn't matter if he's white, black, purple, green, doesn't matter. They shot at this guy 41 times. Right. At a time, by the time, the third bullet went off and already severed his spine. Uh-huh. Two guys empty, 16, out you two guys. One says five shots, the other say four shots. Right. I mean, does there's, there's any rational person in this world can figure, can justify even if their lives were endangered or shoots 41 times when the guys already on the floor and power lines to gamble. What's their explanation? What would be their defense, but saying, oh, I can't be to another 30 bullet in the world. So one, the one defense was this guy that called early when the show, I know if you heard it was talking about the kind of bullet, the nine millimeter bullets that they're shooting and he's saying that, you know, they're not, they're not like the hollow points and like blow a hole when they go in it. He says that you can shoot somebody three four times with these and they're still standing. Well, this guy wasn't still standing, see, but don't confuse that guy with the facts. Most of the shots hit him, he's at your as he was on the way down already, already down. Exactly. I mean, it gets to the point. I mean, this is just, this is such an outrage out anybody can even, I mean, I know it's hard to be a cop and I know it's tough and they're lying on the lines, but to anybody in their way, Mike, he justified their actions. It's hard to believe and it has no bearing what color the guy was. It's a matter of fact that they just went, they just went way too far. They killed an innocent man. The guy that had a chance he was already half dead before he hit the ground. And keeping my, keeping my these guys weren't in uniform. These were playing close guys. So if he was acting a little bit peculiar, I think you can understand that. I mean, the guy's just going into his apartment house. He's just walking down the street. His English wasn't that good. Right. He was only in the country a little while. It's just ridiculous for any any rational person to even justify any kind of, I agree with you. I'm, I mean, shocked that they're, when I looked at that pool last night on the, on the roadrunner on the internet. And I saw that it was even, and the people agreed were not even a little bit ahead. I couldn't believe it. I got in and I'm here in this morning. All these people making excuses. Now this was acceptable. It's just an hour. It's my, my wife happens to work in Lauren, Boston with D.A. and the FBI. And she's just instructed, it's just, it's just mind-boggling how they could destroy a man's life. Kill this guy. He didn't do a thing wrong. There's no accountability. They went like the wild, wild West just kept shit. Both holes through people's feelings. They could have killed five standards. They didn't care. They don't care. Nobody cares. It's just, well, it's just one, it's just one life. Who cares? The guy was probably going to do something anyway. I mean, it's just, it's a joke. It's a, it's a travesty. It's a joke. Well, he's coming here to find a wrong person. He came here to find the American dream and he found it, man. Let me tell you something. They should be in sight of him sent the prison for murder because that's what they did. They murdered this guy. Okay. Yeah. Thanks. Amen. There you go. Here's the guy who articulated very well away. I feel about it. So I won't bother repeating because I'm eating an ice lunch here. That's a lot Brad, Tony's pizza. Had one, 93, 29 North West, second Avenue right up down the street here. I just, I just can't get over it. And race does play a part. There's no question about it. I had to do his list of these first two and a half hours of this show and you found out that race plays a part. The why the hell should it? The problem being that human life in America is meaningless. It's like open up your water faucet and every drop of water that comes out. There's a, it goes another you don't care. Don't care. But God forbid if somebody out there is smoking a goddamn number has a pin joint in your goddamn airstrike. Great to jail. And of course this is in the same state by the way that they have all those great Rockefeller drug laws in there that they send people away for 20 and 30 years mandatory minimum sentence. Same state that thinks it's okay for cops to go over and avoid your brains out because they think he might look suspicious. I might have a faint resemblance to somebody that they're looking for. Here's Medley. Hello. Medley. Hey Neil. Yes sir. My name is Ted. You don't know me having an old man but I had a lot of experience with dogs infected ears. Yeah. And my doctor is located right across the street from the racetrack. Heidi, a racetrack? No, I don't believe we're near there. Oh no, no, no, that's not why I'm doing a dream of going there. And I'm telling you this doctor has improved my dogs health here and all of those I have had. Jim and Shepherd's I had colleagues I had been doing. Yeah. Talk a fool. Yeah. No, right now I have a, uh, a poodle. Yeah. He did a wonderful job on human very quick order. Hey, I, if you want to know his name is William O'Clinick. I'm Paul Madmire in 32nd. That's right. I have brought from the highly raised right. And his name is Dr. Swaringin. First, you got to understand the data. Dr. Swaring. Swaringin. Swaringin. Yes. And what you have to do is you have to understand the half to half the dog to take a car tree put this swab in the you're takes it in and then you have your analyzed and he knows if it's a staff infection or a disease. Yeah. And they can give you a treatment real quick. Okay. Thanks a lot. Nice to have my going there. No. No. Hello. We do have one of those here at QA. I'm gonna say staff infection. 560 5050 5060 pound five 60 on the 18 T9. I think it started with Roy. Need me. Your daily doses right here. You're happy to eat and then go get your key clean. Just push real good before you leave. I beg your pardon. I'm sorry. Or radio 560 QA L. Get the Hoover out the lawn. My. Thank you for attending today's conference on how to deal with the Y2K problem. I would like to announce the development of a new software system which will be year 2000 compliant. This program is known as millennia year application software system or my ass. Next Monday there will be a meeting in which I will show my ass everyone. We will hold demonstrations throughout the month so that all employees will have an opportunity to get a good look at my ass. We have not addressed networking aspects yet. So currently only one person at a time can use my ass. This restriction will be removed after my ass expands. Last week my secretary said to me, I'm a little nervous. I never put anything in my ass before. I helped her through the first time and after word she admitted that it was relatively famous and she was actually looking forward to doing it again and was even ready to kiss my ass. As you begin using the program feel free to put anything you want in my ass. As my ass grows larger we envision a time when it will become in place for supervisor to hand work to an employee and say here. Stick this in my ass. It will be a great day when we need data quickly and our employees can respond here it is. I just pulled it out of my ass. You can kiss my rear end. Oh, Paso, 1245 at 5.60 WCM. I got Hank and Chulos and two. We got Jeldi on GM96. Sabers and the Panthers. How come those tickets aren't going so good? As Panthers tickets for Buffalo Sabers. Dominic, Kanshik. Michael Pecker. Always going from Buffalo. 560. What's in the out of town line? 87775. 6345. Stooied Barnes. Don't forget Stooied. That would be a good thing. What's the new Barnes number on a Sabers giveaway? A pair of tickets number 41. Here's Miami. Hello. Miami. How are you doing, man? Okay, sir. I just thought you might like to know being talking about cops with our friends at BSO were doing this weekend. BS. Yeah. Yeah. Instead of being out in the worst, you know, the high crime areas of Broward. Right. They're out of the dark. You're out of West and in the wall places. What else? Safeest and boring town. We're all the drug petlings going on in Western. It is. We'll get this cross brings in Western. Well, that's not what they were doing. Or they're doing. Saturday night at 11 o'clock at night. There's a cop in his car with the radar gun. Just give and take it to people. By that ridiculous or what? Love in the clock on a Saturday night. Just because people had a few too many. What's so that all about? No, not even. They weren't even testing for for alcohol. They were giving tickets. I got one for six miles over. Ticket defense team man. Don't pay it. Don't you dare pay it. I need to get a good lawyer. Know you ticket defense team. George, don't give you the number. Okay. All right. Thank hang on. Gonna get a lawyer. Get the tickets. You get that guy. The number. Whatever. You know what the number is? One 8 7 4 1 T E A M. Whatever that is. Six miles an hour over to speed limits. There you go. You got a pin joint. You're act right. You're going six miles an hour with a speed limit. Your asses going straight to jail and put your hands on your guy. They're mess and freeze or I'm going to throw your craft away. Okay. Police state police state. You can you can drop it. You can dissect it. You can twist it. You can yank it. You can hawk a trying to come out of from now until the other time. The fact is America is a police state. How could we have more people behind bars than any other country in the world or chef China? China. They're the only ones and also by the way. It's the only country in the world that has capital punishment left in the western world. And of course, China by the way is the only one that is the most important we do. China. As John McCain would say, those crazy gooks. How do you like that? We want to be free just like China, right? Yeah. All I know let me start to think with capital punishment and I waffle on that thing I should be in at the waffle house every time the subject comes up because it's very tough for me because they're all these scumbags. How can you make an argument for it? And only three states by the way still using the electric chair. The branska, Arkansas. I think is one of them and what's the other one? I don't know. And your load is floated just to just finally get rid of it here. A little bit late but better not have the option. What is it? You get the pick. You get to pick what you want to sit in like a recliner or a sofa or you get the needle. That's pretty damn wide of them. You know the governor's jibster. Don't come no wider than jibster. By the way, jib, I wouldn't be planning on no second term if I were you. You got the shortes all lift up against you now, baby. And everybody else that thought you were something that you weren't, which you know card carrying fancies just like his brother. Here's coconut creek, hello. Coconut Creek? Yes sir. You know Tomati's police officers and the shooting in the York there. I was just like you know couldn't understand you know 41 shots. But you know it was presented during what the defense was. Yeah. You do. Well I'm listening. Okay. The first two officers saw this person and that alcohols up there. Right. And the car pulled up the man officer on the passenger side gets out, goes up the the only up the stairs I imagine he's speaking to him because the second one the driver is getting out. The first officer falls backwards. Flip like he has down the stairs. He sees the guy with his hand coming out. He keeps in mind that these are uh plank hose off of his and not uniform right keep my mind. Yes. I close the first guy on my car and down the driver's getting out. Now he had called for backup. So as he's getting out the driver's side, he sees his partner falling down the man coming out of a pocket with a hand. Holler's gun and starts shooting. The second two come up in the car of there is already firing going on. They just come out and start shooting. That's what was presented to the jury. And this is where it went to and this is where the jury did okay. The guy the first guy to fire. He thought it's partnered. Been shocked. Now whether he heard a bang or a silence or all he does is saw the man coming back down the stairs just like he's been shocked. So he hired gun and started shooting and the two guys, the other two guys came up and started shooting because they were already shooting. So this is what was presented to the jury and this is how the uh, the anger the verdict they changed to. It's uh, you know, I agree with you 41 shots 19 hits. But uh, it's crazy damn scenario. And I don't know what what I would have done that followed up in there is the guy's partner. And if I sit on the jury, I don't know what I do. Now, if he's either the truth or it's one hell of a nice scam. So we're never going to find out from from the victim. Right. Yeah. And how it's out enough to his witnesses around or what not? Yes, I'm sorry. But uh, I mean, they had a corroborate some of that that the other the other backup came in and started firing after the first one. So I don't know, but I was just like you, you know, we won shots in one guy and he was not on a street. He was up in an alcove. Right. Like a brownstone or whatever they got out of there. Well, he was eventually that's where he was going home. Yeah. And and and his guy was going up. He didn't stop. They kept yelling from the stop. And they were they were uh, ununiformed. And he didn't stop. Right. And they're quite out of the, I don't blame him. So the other one officer is going up the stairs after him. And I don't know, you know, he trips slip to whatever hell he did. Yeah. And uh, come and flying back out and the first there's partners start shooting. Thanks. He got hit. So that's all I know about it. Now I can understand the jury's dilemma there too. And I can understand people. But it's a whole of the shame when somebody just loses his life. But uh, you know, something like that. And particularly when their uh, you know, playing codes, uh, you know, and the man is is not a national, you know, he's the other country doesn't understand. Probably good English. Right. And maybe the guy said ID, give me ID and he's reaching forward. Right. That's correct. And so if you hadn't fallen, everything probably been alright. So what the, when he fell, that's when the other one started banging. So that's all I know about it. Maybe it'll help somebody out there. Okay. Thanks. Or listen to it. Thanks. Right. So in other words, what he's trying to say is the cup is a little bit unbalanced. Uh, I would do a sense. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line out of town. It's 877, 777, 877, 785, 775, 6345. Here's North Miami Beach, hello. Yeah. Yes. Are you doing up from the home? Great. Um, first of all, 41. Shot 19 hits. That's what they're, they're ranged. Right. That's what I said. They had bad A and that's why they couldn't shoot the wall out of his hand. That's the fact. Um, does anybody learning anything that we're about the rapist? This supposed to rapist was, was anybody ever found? Have the rapes stopped? What's going on with that? Does anything about that? Well, of course the rapist wasn't found. I mean, you know, no. Are there any more rapes who I don't know is in the city like New York? There's probably so many who knows who's doing it. Not exactly. I thought it was in particular area though. You know, so we gave the one area. Yeah. I totally got you. Okay. Thanks. Are we concerned about rapists in New York here in South Florida? No, not really. You understand that? 560 5050 pound 560 on the 18 T line out of town line 877 785 6345 wait till the news of this story gets over to the West Coast and then we'll get a lot of calls maybe a couple of days from Fort Myers and Naples about this. Well, then the news hasn't got over there yet. They're not allowed to have like CNN MSNBC. No, CNBC. No. They're going to CNBC by the way. Let's take a look. Let's see if the arrow is still pointing at a right direction. Oh my. Oh, not too bad. We're going to look at it. Even 10,000 and 80 cents the dow. Leave it to me to turn out right this moment. It's up 138 points. Oh, not zoomed 139. It's over 10,000 again. Let's hear it. Well, it lasts long. Oh, probably not. The NASDAQ is down 73. But you know what they say about those tech investors. There's animal their animals anyway. So let them lose their cash. That's what I say. With their reduced bag dot common all that stuff enough is enough already. 10,000 and two and four cents on the dow. Let's just freeze it right there. Like when you're at the track, you know, and your horses are head by three lengths in the back stretch. And the other two horses you have box in the triple are second and third. And you say stop the race right now. Please. And then of course, they come into the stretch and all three your horses start puking and gasping for oxygen. And you plunge your guts and lose your rest. Same thing. Now, just stop it for today. Good psychological blow back to that goddamn Alan Greenspan. Here's Hollywood. Hello. Hollywood judging from all your intelligent informed comments. I might have believed that prior to you being in the radio business that you also worked for some long force for an agency. No. Why is that? Have you ever been putting the situation such as that? So in that so in other words, if you don't work at a law enforcement, you can't have an opinion. You can have an opinion. Yeah. It doesn't sound like a very educational look at the way. A very educational, you mean educated? Something to them. Oh, something to that effect. Yeah. Maybe I can help her with your grammar. Oh, doubt it. I think I could. But anyway, what's the plan? Because you disagree there for I'm gonna ask is that it? No, what is the point? You need to help some experience before you can jump into making some conclusions as you're making something. So I'm gonna tell you something. Everybody in America is there everything in it? Well, not your ass. Don't raise your voice to me. I'll spit. This is my show asshole. You old fossil. Oh, he's the guy who was sitting motionless in the chair of the casino on Saturday. He's the one to say they put the dude out this stereotype next to him. Everybody in America who has heard this story has an opinion on it. Whether they're in law enforcement, out of law enforcement, black white purple younger old. And this guy's told me that before I should have my opinion and start mouth and mouth on, I should have some experience. No, thank you. No thanks. God. Like I said at the beginning of the show, it's a place where even young people can't have a good time because the old fossils like him. You always tell me that I don't want to see where it was. Okay, one of our fine spots. I guess tell me that the people have actually died there while sitting at the tables. And nobody discovered it for like a period of time. Lots. 12.56.56.9.00. This is 5.60. 2AL. Oh boy, it's the one to two hour. Yeah, and video stores everywhere. From the people who brought you, purple gourmet cooks with wine. Yes, purple gourmet cooks with wine. Yes. The purple gourmet cooks Italian. Peas and men. Some of these sausage for you. The purple gourmet cooks Chinese. Today I'm going to make some young guy. And of course, the purple gourmet cooks Greek. Yes, it's your warm and fuzzy old friend. The purple gourmet. Like you've never seen him before. Maybe purple gourmet is money, but not with his stuff. The purple gourmet cooks with boy. Only 1995 did video store near you and don't forget coming next fall. It's the purple gourmet cooks with malt liquor. If you've never had a lot of 5.60 WCM, our big one and two hours. Bob Cunt, bye bye to my Bob. Give her her real job. Oh, it's kind of like Jesse Jackson never had a real job. Oh, but anyway, he fashes me this. Shallow in a national. He's present to this Bob Cunt. Their motto is, oh, oh, I never left. I think he's got a point here. Did you see this thing over the weekend where this Pope, this old disgusting Pope of the dress? The Catholic Church released a statement from the Vatican that Pope pies the 12th was right. Your main silent about the Holocaust because then they saved all those Jewish lives. How many more people would have died if he would open up a mouth? Huh. Yeah. Well, this is the response to the book about him that revealed what I got him and ever met enough so he didn't like. And the Concord out which we already knew about the most people are too stupid to understand that. But at any rate. Oh, Bob Cunt's is leading the protest. Oh, well in that case. And be mean that Nihon who's going to be there? On that case. Sorry. So was the secret apparently that there were Jews in Europe and uh, if nobody had said anything about them, nothing would have happened. That's right. There'll be knocking Pius, maybe he was a snappy dress your last time I saw him. 560, 50560, pound 560, man. What a lovely dress. He was under a lot of dress. Here's a lady in Kerala City, hello. Yeah, Carol Bitties. Yes, man. On Nihon, I listened to the mother this morning and she was on one of the morning shows. The mother of this Diologada, Kakyodia. Correct. And she says a son with the left hand and they said he had the wallet and the right hand. And they had either the jurors on the law on the show and two of the blacks that they were afraid they had children. Like if they had gone the other way, maybe the offices of the friends would have come after that. And they also said the judge told them to think like an office and not like the dead man. You know, not like the guy that was shot. And I thought if they never moved to Florida, if they don't think like a dead man. Right, it was a whole huge bomb, not that case. And I can understand that the judge told them to put themselves in the office of shoe not into the sky shoe. And they said we did what the judge told them. That's inappropriate. Why? I know. That's what they said. That's crap. They said they did what the judge told them to do and the prosecutor didn't have a case. And but I gentlemen who said they should have a do him. Yeah. I guess the only thing they could have done was shoe him in the lake. There you go. Okay. It's been a great day. Bye. Bye. That's right. We're telling them all the time. This is the way you do when you have a little problem like this when you're a little bit nervous. Ships him in the lake. Right. When it does bring them down. Ships him in the lake. Oh, five, six, seven, five, six, six, five, six, five. You see, you can say anything you want. The guy thought is partner with shot because he stumbled and fell backwards because he was a clutch. Whatever the thing might have been. But the idea that they needed to fire 41 shots and make 19 hits. And then most of the hits were as the guy was on the way down. And also after he was already down. And a bunch of shots in the feet. Just stop and think about that. If you look up the word overkill in the dictionary, you'll see these four cops pictures right next to it. You know what I'm saying? But don't let me influence your decision. Here's a mobile in the realm. Hello. Neil, hello. Okay. First of all, Giuliani saw a nasty like you were seeing. Yes, he is. No, I'm sorry. And you shouldn't use the work of your do yourself. And you should know what a nasty he is and not. He's a not. He's a fascist. Well, your fashion gear races too. You hate all kinds of people. You hate sticks. You hate your. Let me say again. We're off to Giuliani is a nutty. That is my opinion. You are one of them too. Yeah, sure. Whatever you say. What's the point? Let's go to the meeting. You're getting in. You're getting in. You're getting in. You're getting in. Yeah, I'm Canadian. 560, 50560, pound five 60 on the eight takes. By the way, say hello to Ali on for us. Okay. Why you're at it? pound five 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Let's take a call from cool springs. Hello. Hi. Yes, sir. Is it still sounds like me. Any other stuff? I did. You got one comment about that. About the shooting up there. Yes. I think it's a one of his main talented. Meaning, a meeting that when you go out running, you go with the shoot. One other shoot. Yeah, those are going to shoot. There you are. Yeah, that's what I'm taking on that. That's not the main reason I'm calling. Okay. You still there? I'm here. Have you heard the talking? But I'm still here. Have you heard anything yet about the on the internet? Would it be start charging to go online? When they're going to start charging. Oh, my god. It's going to charge us to go on the internet. And the post office is going to start charging post. Well, let me ask you this. How is the phone company going to charge me to go on the internet when I don't do it over a phone line? It's going to be voted in the Congress in about two weeks. Yeah. But you don't need the phone company to go online. There's a thing another like the road run. I'm getting, do you have cable? And also also the post office. Sure. Do you have cable? Do you have cable TV? Yes, I do. Then just say goodbye to the phone company. You're to the road runner. You get the 500 times faster service. And you don't need to type a phone line. Do we need to be on a phone line to get on the internet? No. No. And they also have those other. What do they call those little, the small computers? Not a laptop. And the little ones where it's strictly for the internet. You know the one that's in the other called. But yes. But you've seen them. Yes. And you don't need a phone line. And that's the whole sales pitch is they don't type a phone line. And it's always on. Just like the road run. You click on the icon and it's within two seconds. There it is. And it's always there. In fact, you don't even ever have to sign off if you don't want to because you're not using a phone line. But never to lie. Don't confuse the sky with the facts because he wants to pick on a phone company. Do we like the phone company? No. Phone company blows there. The phone company sucks. And that's just one more example. Just listen to these phone lines. See, there should be a lawsuit. In fact, I think if this goes on another couple of weeks and they don't want to do it, I'll have normal doing it. If these people are too chicken, you should get to sue the phone company. And then they're the ones that are paying for it. They're paying for the service and they're getting like a good swift in the ass. Boy, you talk about great business people. Oops. I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that. How's that? Oh, it's a even attack to one at five sixty-one. You want to get the right. I am not a Nazi. Let's do the change. All right. Oh, oh. Kind of take you to the left. Take you to the right. Do the jacket. Free no check. With all the job I hold. Okay. Okay. Don't have to take the ball. The jacket. Oh, the jacket. All right. Once or ten is five sixty-one. Here's the important news of the day while you're all worried about some poor guy that got shot. 19 times with 41 bullets. Lopez Dres meets and beat Blanc's a physics. Oh, right. There you go. And here's this picture of Jennifer Lopez from the Grammys last week with her like undress from Donatella Brassati. Everybody in her Saudi is of course has been here a couple of years. Members Gianni Brassati. I can't stand it. And anyway, it says she went over there to look for a some piece of craft to wear. And at the House of Versace, she found a whisp of a dress. The floor life gown in rainforest green was printed with lush pattern of pom-fran's and tropical leaves. The gown with its long gossomers leaves plunged several inches below the navel and was being held together by a spectacular brooch. All right. The dress was open below the jewel pin and had a keys-intentancy to blow back and away from Lopez's muscular legs and big fat ass. As you move. How do you like that? Right. Yeah. See, this is the whole thing with the FCC with American general. And it's another part of this constipated society that you live in. You can show boobs on TV. You cannot show nipples. That's the difference. So you can see this. Is there anything left to the imagination here in this dress? No. You can see the fact that she's from the neck down. Okay. I can relate to it. From the neck up, all I can say is, Here comes lunch again. Jennifer. But so, how come there? We don't have a lot more show showing breasts. And just like doing a little thing on the nipple. One most of you guys like to do a little thing on a nipple? Yeah. God. I don't get it. So is that taking care of by the way? So. Oh. I got the number. Oh, that's good. That's a good start. And don't take any crap from them. Tell them I want this stuff and I'm not bringing the dog in. And I don't want to have to go through another sci-kata episode. And I don't want Dr. West giving the big song to the antivot. How he's got very, very, and let for seeing it. We did any day. He's doing just great. All I want is some crap for the ears. Okay. They're great people over there. But boy, they are pitchman. And oh, yeah. Well, you know, you might want to bring them in again before the end of the week. So I can look at him. Oh, no. And maybe he's maybe the sad. No. No. Yeah. I think that's a great crap. Have a nice life. Here's for Lauderdale. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. How are you? I just wanted to say, I think one point that everybody is missing is the root problem here, which is this crazy drug war. I think that's what's created this whole. Well, what did drugs have to do with this case? It was a, wasn't it drugs? Well, I was saying that the, you know, they're saying this guy looked like that could be just a cover of story. I mean, if they said that he looked like it's suspected rate was that looking for not a problem. I had to come up with some reason why they stopped this guy and everything. But I mean, just the whole way that they operate their whole motorcycle around. Yeah. Is, I mean, this undercover, you know, playing clothes. Yeah. You know, the whole way they operate. And with the, the magnitude that they go after people is, is all fueled by this drug war. Well, that's American man. I mean, I got to call before that was a green one. My opinion he said is, why for for the DEA and I just bit my tongue until it started bleeding because as you know, the DEA is a self-fulying prophecy. Yeah, but I mean, they have to keep this stuff going on. Are they going to be out of business? Not of a job. But that's the way police work is done these days. Yeah. Is, is with that, uh, ferrocious. Oh, okay. And have a great day. He said their ferrocious is what he said. You know what he said? Uh-huh. Maybe. Is that taking care of? Getting taken care of. What does that mean? I'm on hold. Didn't check in to make sure that they have it in blah, blah, blah. Maybe you should, uh, send them a message like an analog. 560, 560, pound 560 on the AT&T line. This is turning to quite a project today. Just give them a little stuff to put them up for your dogs ears. Just give them like a, like, a little, uh, 20 or 30 gallon jug of that crap to slopp in there. Here's Miami. Hello. Yes, sir. Hey, I want to point in that trial. And, um, Sean Carroll is the one who identified the guy. It's been, uh, looking like the right. Right, there's, yeah. But under cross examination, he told the jury in the prosecution that he couldn't tell the the right, the race of the individual or the sex of the individual. Could you tell the sex of the individual? Correct. I, uh, I, uh, I don't know if you could. He could tell whether it was a black guy or a man or a woman, but yet he could tell it. But the guy mentioned the description of the rapist. Mm-hmm. He used to try and figure that one out. Wow. And, and the witness, the witness, the witness, the witness. I thought it was what the Houston. Who knows? Two tall, I guess. And some of the witnesses said that R4 cops got out of the car at the same time. It didn't get out of the car. Yeah, I don't know. I don't know. The other guy's story was where that was coming from. And then there's nothing to do with it. I didn't watch it on court TV, but I've been reading about it. And I never read anything like that. Well, I watched it on court TV. Right. Reason the guy that won't die in the mill and fell backwards is because he was just fryer in so many times. You know, the kick of the gun knocked him back. And when he got knocked back, that's when the other two guys jumped in and took over the mill and left off. But you know, it's just like you said. It's where evidence related to police state. And I fear from my two little boys that are going to grow up. And the thing that's the most terrifying is that there seems to be about half of the public that accepts this. Like, oh, yeah, they're just doing their job and tough crap, you know. That's the scary part. Thanks for the good. I've ever read that. Here's the good news for you. The Dow is up 175. I don't know. I don't know. Okay. Shut it down. There's a more stock. Call your broker right now buy some stuff. Buy some GE buy some IBM buy some AOL buy some time or buy some stock. Okay. Buy some mutual funds. I hear the Netherlands is going to go through the roof in a couple of months. Buy that. What? Write equal fund Netherlands man. It's making a little bit of a comeback. A little bit. It's not too bad. Now, I could tell you the rest of that story. Did I tell you that actually we wound up being ahead on that stock and not behind? Because there was a capital gain just before the end of the year that my man forgot to affect her in and by the beat by the boot, but which is like more than a dollar or share. And so it's in the plus column. The only thing that leaves me worried a little bit is if he's supposed to be handling all of my money, how come he forgot about that? You know what I'm saying? Wayne? Oh. That's why he's okay. It's only money. You know, I got all these people come up to me with their business cards and all we want to get all of this one's works for this company. They put an international base in Morgan another Dean, what all these other people. It's only my money. Why worry about it? I mean, you know, it's my bank over there. Somebody's got to help them. I book a Brian just close this account with them because they pissed him off. You know, I don't want to piss those people off. They're maybe metal come back someday. You think so? No. No. 560560 pound 560 on the AT&T wireless line. Plus you don't mad. He was starting to lose his hair and everything. He was a good guy, but here's a mobile in Fort Lauderdale. Hello. Hey, how you doing Neil? You know, you can always tell five or six colors ago when the cops call off. They've all got that clip delivery like Joe Friday. You know, you can tell, well, you know, you're going to have to do it. Yeah. Right. Anyway, there's an old saying. If you give a kid a hammer, everything's going to start looking like a meal. And I think, you know, the police, a lot of it. You're going to start telling a lot. I'm telling you, it's a blood loss. And, you know, they got those rods hanging off their legs there. And I mean, it's, I had a cop line note. They got a rod hanging off their legs, yeah. Yeah, those guns, those phylex and bull guns. They're just, it can be used. And in a case like this, this is what happens. They got a chance to use it. And believe me, had that guy had a gun. They'd have been high five in each other back at the station. And they'd have been heroes of the, of the police station. But, you know, unfortunately for the guy that got killed, it was a mistake. And the people are willing to just shrug it on. Oh, and they know this is only the beginning. They dodged a bullet if I, you've pardoned that expression. But this is only the beginning because you wait till the civil trial. And then the, the federal trial, you mark my words. These guys aren't getting off. No, I know. Eventually, eventually they're getting in the nail. I mean, maybe really, Julie, any of things he's living in a little close world there in New York, and he can run his little guy then, not the empire the way he wants to. But he's going to find out the rest of the world is watching. It's not going to happen. That's right. That's right. But it's just, you know, and let me just say one more thing, is that by agreeing by supporting the jury's verdict in this, he's just nailed his political fate. That bitch Hillary as much as I despise her, you watch. She's going to pound his ass into the ground in November. Yeah, that could be. That's right. It could be. Well, I know the cops have to carry guns and they have to protect us. And most of the time they do a good job, but there's that, that's that. Well, let me answer something. How many times we have a protected from danger by a radar gun? Never. Okay. Never. That's a whole different story. That's, that's a scam. The old George or boys, uh, uh, uh, you know, running the red lights and all that. Yeah, deal with four. They don't floor to boy. It's okay. I have a great day, sir. Although I disagree with that. Like I said, they're running the red lights. Those are the people we want in jail, attempted murder. Like the one that nearly killed me last week. You crazy son of a bitch and your purple people either whoever you are. You scumbag you. You subhuman slime ball. It's one thing to run a light. It's another thing to wait until it changes and then decide to floor it. Loometics. Oh, and by the way, speaking of cars, I almost forgot the most important. The bad news of the day. Guess a retired George who used to put a smile on my post any day that she was working. Sylvia. Driving home on Friday and I drive through there and hand reach my dollar bill out to window. It's a turnpike told plans to buy a PPS. Oh, it's big at a PPS new name, by the way. And the Harold feels that from Hank on the front page. The stadium formerly known is Joe Robby. How do you like that? How do I have to do a nice stuff out, huh? But there's still in your crap too. Yeah, because pro players go out of business so they're going to have to have a new name. So Wayne can make millions more now. But nevertheless Sylvia, they used to work that thing. And she says, and I noticed her hair was like dyed brown instead of red. And she looked really lovely. More so than usual. She's my last day today, Neil. Oh, no. She's retiring. Sylvia, that was one of the few bright spots in my life during this five hours. Whatever it is every day. Six hours, two guy damn long. Let's see eight in the morning and the two to six and a half hours. For people who think I put in the short work day, these seven to eight hours a day. She was one of the bright spot. Love you Sylvia. Have a great life sweetheart and congratulations. Can you imagine the bozos that they have to put up with the people working those 12 places like answering phones for a talk show. Oh man. Oh, she couldn't hang up on. Here's Jupiter. Hello. Yes, sir. Yeah, Neil. Yeah. Yeah, man. Yeah. Are you doing? Okay. I got three things to say. I got a written down. I'm like the rest of these schmucks that I call you. Okay. Had nothing to say. Number one. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Come on. Let's go. Number one. Let's do number one. That will do number two. And that will do a tango. Come on. Number one. Yeah. Petos. Petos. Petos. On. They imported. They didn't know from Palm Beach. We're not going to buy. What number two? Come on. This word is murder. Uh-huh. Yeah. All right. Number two. Yeah. Get out of here. Five six. Five six. Five six. Not really. Eight six. Five six. One. Two. One. Two. Two. Five. One. One. One. One. One. One. One. Two. One. One. Two. I'm gonna say this I'm gonna say this I'm gonna say this I'm gonna say this Jesus! Let it Let it go I'm going to be a big team, Lord. I'm going to be a 5.50 WM over at our lot of stress here. Evan, I don't know what happened over the weekend. You see the water not tissue is done. We're squatting and peeing in the parking lot this morning. 5.60, 505.60. Maybe she was just scored scored. Marking the spot. Here is a Hollywood hello. Sticking out her territory. Hollywood hello. Yes, yes, sir. My God. Actually I was Ben subjected a court TV there during the past few weeks. Yeah. And actually they came up to a subject with Sean McConnell, or Carol or one of those potatoes. And Carol or Carol or Rod Conner? Exactly. One of those guys. Yeah. Archie Buster. There was actually a wallet gun. That was, that's what they thought. In the, No they don't. No they didn't. Yes, they were the matches come from. No, I watched it on TV. Court TV. Yeah. Yeah, you know. And he thought it was a wallet gun. I never heard that and I never read that. Absolutely. Why you probably worried? Because those guys keep that in the dark. Like mushrooms. Yeah. I don't know what to say. Okay. Well listen, feel better and say how to eat it. 5.605.60, pump 5.60 on the 80. That's why Norman Lear was revolutionary. And so, I'm sure, sure, and history of TV where they actually said, eat it on the year. Here's North Miami. Hello. Yeah. Yes. Yes, sir. Okay. This guy, I'm going to do the out of whatever his name is. Yeah. Yeah. This is the out of the devil. Yeah. The out of the Spanish mean devil. You'll know. Yeah. Maybe place for New Jersey. I don't know. Could you use some help lately? And if that does too. Listen. There be on health. Yes. Okay. You know, I'm going to ask him to claim it all day. He pushes him into the pocket. And all this and that. Maybe he was just feeling the change. Maybe we want to see something to there. You know, he puts your hand down all the way down. He could do something. Right. And so they're going to shoot. Okay. Shoot him in one, two, twice. There's three or four. Let the fight time. There's an option for the one time. You know, that's my, that's my big problem. I have. And I'm just going to shoot somebody. They shoot a 30 or 40 times. But the least one thing that's learning today is that once they fire the first one, they're not going to stop. one day decided that's time to shoot they're gonna shoot until you're dead I mean and I mean and I mean and not I find a new thing now that shoot new and the bottom of your foot right right and the best part of it is he was still standing up if we're supposed to believe then how do you do that those must be those those treasure bullets I know they go along the sidewalk and by the boom they go right up your feet that's the one that they went up here you're right them yeah yeah they should get a deal with that kind of bully went through the bottom and came to the top that went through calmly's neck and back around and back at you right through Jackie's person right up thought through his neck again yeah magic bullets get our own specter on his he's right next to New York their Pennsylvania he'll straighten up to have another magic puller for you have a great day pal our own specter that's his reward for stupidity now the people of Pennsylvania and their ultimate wisdom must have been all the omnis to the vote no they must have something to do with it our own inspector he's been here for 5000 years in the US and he's the one that came up with a magic bullet theory oh yeah the magic bullet that went through the goddamn president's neck and up through his brain and down his anus and through John Connelly's neck and up his arm and under the guy damn windshield and back on a steering wheel and then wound up on a guy damn a specter at Parkland Hospital and Dallas in pristine condition that makes a lot of sense don't know but don't confuse the American public because if the government tells you it so it must be so anybody in this world who believes something that the government tells I don't care if the government says it's Monday I'd recheck the calendar what a great read in the US government having common besides the obvious yeah five six seven oh five sixty pound five sixty on the eighteen teela effect is that McCain's big thing that he's running around now just like Bush was saying I'll never erase taxes and here's McCain run I'll never lie to you does anybody believe that no this he believe it no this great reformer they went through the whole thing again yesterday by the way about about his his voting record he makes strong thermos look like a liberal is how conservative he is and also yesterday he got all tongue tied to on this week with the David brickley's eyeball yeah David's honoring where they just took his eyeball on put it on the table there and George will keep poking around you know now what is it oh here's my good friend Matt from fan he formerly from family bank how you doing man hey Neil how you doing here's Matt who's got a full head of hear these days hey I was just in the car listening to you oh no and I said what about your hair following no I didn't hear my luck oh good I didn't drop off the face of the earth I did leave family bank I've been gone for a long time all things aren't the same since you're gone I've heard that here and there boy but I just wanted to tell you what I'm doing give yourself no look forward to yeah yeah I have opening fit first bank it'll be in plantation it's a new community bank and I'm working on that for about eight months well that's eight is this start it's probably gonna be in about two months but you know I was looking to provide a different level of service that you know Republicans offering say anyway I could do it was to start a new bank so I'm doing that and I'm hoping that you'll be a customer when we open it up here first customer man you're gonna be a count number oh oh oh one so yeah so I'm really looking forward to it I've been listening to your show more often now I've got a little more flexible days and I enjoy your show and I look forward to you being my customer I'll be there with those on okay we're now where you're gonna be in plantation just north of five ninety five and university oh great in the old transport of clothing outstanding it'll be the fed first closet you're not on me my friend all right I I look forward to it okay take here so let me let me know absolutely all right bye bye there's my close personal friend Matt formerly a family bank who's open up his new thing he's just been waiting I mean the other bank is very close and very convenient to me am I gonna stay there oh I'm going with Matt I'm going my buddy Matt not just because he happens to be a good looking guy all of that's part of it because he took good care of me you get personal service you know I'm saying George personal service like I was saying to Miguel they're on Saturday personal service and he kept looking the other way every time I look over he'd like hi to say beyond that wheel and wheel wheel if you people could have just been there if you missed the beginning of the show this morning our experience which was my last public appearance by the way for all time this is not a joke at series not that it makes any difference who now needs to see me I'll see if the hockey games okay okay I'll see Matt at the bank but I'm gonna tell you that was one I could have written if I do have a write a book that'll definitely be a big chapter because that was not that I don't know but if I had any doubts about what this time was all about that appearance that experience there on Saturday was the definitive one there were people in shares at some of those tables who've been dead for 20 years and there were still sitting there was that content look on your post the look that says yeah do you know where you are then there was told jam rolling around the aisles it was unbelievable every now and then it was very quiet but once you knew why you hear the sound of a bag squeezing something like that yeah and then you hear those creaking sounds like in Superman 5 you know I might have to play that the creaking sounds that one guy wheeling his way over toward Miguel well well trying to win that 2 a.m. hat finally I noticed toward the end there he just took one flung it at him in the cap 2 here you go crib I mean whatever you said god that was not in our chairs over two I walked in there 57 years old I walked out feeling like 15 that's how young I felt walking out of that crowd 22 before 2 at 5 60 w cube coffee zonein and currency some 46 test board Radio 5 63 damn ones so you're so big i'm super slow They know the daddy, watching the kids, in David's crossing, which led me in. We couldn't come here. She reached the club. She left us. You'd never have guessed it. You are far. That it would betty. Here's our funsowler. And then I'll go hunting. We'd take David's rugby. Couldn't find somebody. Here's our funsowler. Quartz Quartz. I've said that when you yell Saturday at the casino juniper, I'll be in my sperm donor. He hit behind that wheel for an hour and a half. 5, 6, 7, 0, 5, 60, pound 5, 60 on the AT&T wireless line. Here's a hatchie. Hello. This phone screwed up. That's why I have to repeat these all twice. There's a long relay. A lot of the hatchies around the time for God. Last week I had the misfortune. Going to a meeting and I had to wait. In the wedding room, they were piping in Dr. Laura. All right. God, what a fake cemonious. I'm not just man-hanging. I'm not just man-hanging. These people are calling up and I got the wrong clue up from my wedding. What should I do? My mother's dating my grandfather. Who do they think she is? I want to know. Who do they think she is? Yeah. If there's any justice news, there'll be two plans. One doctor, Laura, spline. I think it's a plan. I have a great day, pal. But you've got to understand. There's a lot of man-hanging women out there in America. That's who gravitate toward people like that. Judge Judy, especially, and Dr. Laura, that bitch, homophobic right wing bitch. Isn't it great, by the way, that we have George E. W. He's a very much against the interracial dating. I mean, I'm not going to let you know. I mean, I'm against the interracial dating. He must have set it four times. And he kept getting redder and redder in the push. Does he have any idea what he means? No, no. He's a bubble. Just give it to him, okay? He wants to be coronated. He wants to be the dick, pay attention. He wants to be the dick. Just give it to him, okay? He wants to be coronated. He wants to be the dick, pay attention, okay? Just give it to him. Here's Halendale, hello. Hi, Neil. Yes, sir. I have a few, it's this girl, but I have a little of us. I have a few things. First of all, the living room, breathing people come to the seminal casino at night. Oh, thank you. Yes, the other, we were there for a long time. I have never seen it. Even in the clubhouse in Papua, where the average age is 122, I have never seen this one in the sea of blue here. This was a sea of white here. Okay, so. And death plus 20. Yeah, that's the first thing. Second thing is, I don't even clip part of it about your dog. The my dog is a similar problem. Oh, this is, I mean, I have something called auto max. Auto max, auto max doesn't work. See, the problem is, it's like when you take antibiotics or human. And they'll work for a while. And then they stop working because they develop a resistance to it. So they have to try something different. Yeah, that's a work anymore. Okay, and the last thing I want to say was about the caption in the York. Yeah, Julie Annie reminds me a lot of Brazil for Jean and Philadelphia. It was a police state. Only the other one. I mean, at least for a original never went after the dog. It's a hot dog vendor's anyway. Well, no, it's part of the no. Okay, that's great. All he's not an otter that Rudy Giuliani is a great upstanding a law by the American. He's a fascist. He's a Nazi. You got it. Don't ever forget it. And man, you wait and see the backlash against him in November. It's going to be often made for Rudy Giuliani. Bye, bye, Rudy. He's the only guy in America that could make Hillary look good. 560, 560, 560 on the AT&T line. I don't know what it is. Most people, even if they agree with their politics, whatever the hell they might be this week. But they just don't like that bit. I mean, the Hillary, you know what I'm saying? You guys, princess. They just aren't too far to that bitch. But compared to him, see these are the kind of choices you get American politics over and over again. Which one do you like the least? Which one do you spies the least? Just like the conneval family. Which is the lesser of two evils? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Yes. You know, every time police officers judge or comes into question, you get all these other cops calling in, defending them blindly, no matter what the fact. You can like the guy said before you can spot him a mile away. You know, these guys empty their gun clips on this freaking guy. He's trying to get all right. He doesn't. He had no idea who they were because first of all, he knows spaghetti in Las Vegas. He's from a banana boat country. And number two, they're playing close on Mark Carr. He don't know who the L.A.R. And you know, if you are I messed up and kill someone, which that's exactly what these guys did. They were going to fry man. You're going to fry. I mean, the least you're going to get is a manslaughter conviction. These guys got slapped in the hand and said, home. That's what I just can't understand. I mean, nothing. Even though the judge instructed them poorly, as far as looking at through the eyes of the cops, but nevertheless, at least he gave them the right instructions as far as, you know, you can give them less than seconded remover. And then nothing. Mark, tax paying dollars, go to train these guys to be able to make the difference between a black wall and a 357 magnum. I'm right. I mean, this thing, this entire thing gives me the Hershey score. Exactly. Thank a lot. Okay. It's in the bag. As I say, at the seminal Indian casino during the day 10, take out she called before that lady because at night 10 they got living and breathing people out there. They got alive the crowd. If you want to go in the daytime, like we did, nice and quiet. I almost almost felt kind of guilty there being there and then taking that money on Saturday almost that I feel, no, I didn't. No, because we had a rather poultry turnout. There were like a lot of people there and it's the way it goes. I mean, who wants to come out and see it all, flag like me on a nice Saturday when they go out and be having a good time, you know, they don't want to come and see me to give those stupid picture cards. Did we have anything any hook to bring them out there? No, we don't think about promotion on this radio station. No, none. Holy, it's all QA and caps. We finally in around somewhere. And what were those other things? Those, uh, forget about the house pad. Yeah. And what was that stuff? Plastic cups. It gave me a cup of vatig is what it gave me. It just being there, which in the other, it means headache. Oh, I'm a bigger person. But QA and bumpers tickers. What's QA and bumpers tickers? Like the one that I converted over here on the window. Oh, okay. We didn't have those like like I made it. Then you know, you haven't run on them. Oh, I thought you were being serious. I thought bumpers were going to stand just before Sam got fired. I mean, before Sam left. Wasn't he working on something like that? And then of course, all that money. Oh, that money. Anyway, it's 151 at 5.50 WQAM. This is 5.60. We got just for it's life. Sports radio, 5.60, 8M. Please don't say the effort. My family, where am I? My extra wee wee. You only have one, maybe, son. Mommy, are I the core? No, no, you're only supposed to have one. Is daddy the food? No. He has two wee wee. No, son, he only has one. Oh, he's me. Mommy, no. No, ah, he has two. Two? Yes. A little one is came with. Great. Big one. He brushes the babysitter. Okay, 156 at 5.60 WQAM. Almost ran out of time before passing this long. Which I'm sure most of you saw this weekend. Another great sports story. Let's hear it. Anthony Mason of the Charlotte Hornets was arrested on the Salt Charge. He's early Saturday after a fight outside of Bar in Harlem. Let's hear it for Anthony. He was arranged in a misdemeanor for Salt Charge. Poster the $5.00 bond and headed for Jersey with the Hornets lost to the New Jersey net. He wasn't in the building at the start of the game and Dale. It looks like a spot in the starting lineup. The fight broke out about 4.30 a.m. outside Perks Bar Police. He said Mason to form a next player and four other men were involved in the fight against three others. A lot of athletes and a lot of, uh, Spartans involved in fights and bars. You know what I'm saying? Uh-huh. Yeah. A lot of dark and plucked athletes. Thank God Pete's going out of it. He was a good white boy. I've never had no drinking problem. 5.670560, Tom 560 on the AT&T line. Here's a alien, hi, Leah. Hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? Okay. Neil, you know those cops that shot that nigger? You know those cops that shot that nigger? That shot that nigger? Yeah. You know they went 19 for 41. That's all. Uh-huh. Yeah. Shot that nigger? She's not highly about the way. Okay. That bitch. And here's a couple for you, sweetheart. Here's Pepper Pine. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. So, do you think my call before is? Uh-huh. Yeah. Does that have a quick question? So far, yes. Okay. A question and a comment. On your website, you have a diet. Do you have as much water when that is you want? I haven't got any idea. Really? I don't know because it's a diet. If something has somebody thanks to me. And I've never been on it. It's called the Ascinture Hospital Medical Center. And you'll notice it doesn't say anything about water. But I was assume so. You're sure not eating much of anything else. Don't step into it. But it's just like a coffee from breakfast. Not a bit. Of course you have water in between. You got to drink a lot of water. That's like one. No. Just remember when it does flush it out. Okay. You're not here. A crappy phone. Here's a Hollywood. Hello. Yes. Yes, sir. Yeah, you don't. I agree with you. Would you come to Julie and I am from New York, or to tell you cops are basically majority of them or nothing but a bunch of who's going to batches. Who would you have gotten bad to you? You got no. You take that gun away from them. They wouldn't know how to be a man. It's really in the sad to say I think it's really going to cause. You may take a war in the streets. For some people to start, you know, it's a bit time to stop this. It's time that you go, because it could happen to somebody in your family. And that's the way I think. That's the only reason to stop me from being a cop because I will turn all of them in. You know, the my life would be in danger. So I didn't even want to be a cop from that point on. It's really going to take. It's going to take. You know, I think it's going to take cops dying in the streets. That's just my own opinion of it. And it's sad to say that, but that's exactly what I feel is going to happen. We can't trust them. It's hard. It's hard to trust them. And you noticed some good ones out there, but they're good. Well, let's talk to a good one. Here's David the cop who's busy with the same goes cardinal lineup. No, I'm not concerned. The same goes cardinal. They need to send that that lady back that big is finally at back with all this.