5, 16, 17, 2 AM, Miami Fort Water, and Elf Rosem, the best of meal rosers. No live calls will be taken today. Meal is on tape. Okay, that's me for many days, but it's not here. Please don't call. The opinion-served on the meal rosers show are those of the hosting callers, and not necessarily reflect the views of easily that position. Or the beacley broadcast group, its management, or anyone else for that matter. The message is the best of meals to do not call. But the end will now just relax and enjoy. On 5, 60, you AM. You so Dr creates a Disney style. And you being drawn in your eyes are 낫tha! It's the Eagle Drunk olduğu her existence. But thego technology isc sta- The audiences are furious Don't worry about my dream. I am the puedo diez aasta, I am a fool, I am the bot 제� aster, I am the first school to my home. Fake a boo street, my ass. Does this tell you what's wrong with the world today? And now those poor Canadians manos, poor bastards, they lost their gold medal because this gabriate guy, this school ball, tested positive for pot. Now pot stays in your system for like a month, three to four weeks. Okay? Now I think the whole thing is ridiculous at best because certainly marriage of Winnie is not a performance enhancing drug by any stretch of the imagination. No way Jose, unless you're unless the contest is an eating contest, then you got an edge. Or a watching TV content. Right. But other than that, I mean, if anything, it would be a performance dulling. So maybe three four weeks, this guy so stupid that he smoked some weed back in Canada, which of course is very commonplace to say the worst. Extremely commonplace, like out on young street and shirts street all over Toronto, and I'm sure in Vancouver even in Moestra, wherever this guy is from. He's probably from Whistler BC or someplace like that. Oh yeah. He is from Kitchener and the medicine hat and Whistler A. What a silly bunch of people. I mean, love a Toronto, but what a silly bunch of people. And it ain't right. So he's so stupid. You know, these guys practice their whole lives to do the silly crap and go over there because it's such an honor, it's such a big deal. And they're smoking dope like three or four weeks before they go over there. So on the one hand, naturally it's stupid. And just like now, there's an article in the Sun Center, which hasn't learned about that yet, I guess, because they're sleeping. But pot testing gains support for the NBA and some of the NBA biggest star as favor-manded to a testing of players for marijuana breaking ranks for the players union. And it goes on about Chris Weber and I say, a writer in this one and that one and then the peekaboo street and it's set of them so on. Joe says that the guy says that he got it from secondhand smoke. I just going away party. Secondhand smoke. They're like, sounds like Bill Clinton now. They're kind of like a secondhand blow job. That's going to be the newest use after a red today. After the grand jury testimony, it was secondhand job. Oh, sorry. Can't say that. Ha ha ha ha ha ha. How you're a deal with more than a secondhand job? Well, in any way, I wanted it. Hey, you sent a for Capriotti here. And when I'm not the left and balls on the court, I'm getting stoned off my hand. And I get my best hip off the Jennifer Capriotti cut his ball canned bomb. That's right. It's the Jennifer Capriotti tennis ball, can't fall. Cops will never suspect it. It isn't looking bad. Just empty the ball screw on the ball, filling with water and your set to destroy brain cells. The Jennifer Capriotti way. Ah, it's a shell smooth. Ha ha ha ha ha. If the bomb that thinks it's a tennis ball can, a tennis ball can, that thinks it's a ball. For the defense benefit, Jennifer Capriotti will do the best. But normal approved. OK, so that big goofy David Robinson, all start center of the San Antonio spurses. We should be tested. We should all be tested. It's an old brainer, meaning murder to winning. And I said, you David Robinson, you're an asshole. OK, and a goodie to choose the phony. Why is it anybody's business? Unless it affects somebody's performance, why is it anybody's business in any profession? All is mandatory drug testing. All these different jobs now. It's nothing more than a goddamn witch hunt. And it's nobody's business if you're smoking weed. Well, it's illegal. So are a lot of positions in sex, too. But that doesn't mean that it's anybody's goddamn business. Oh, it's picking up positions in sex. I'm at Moni's house. I'm going to have to start taking notes. Every week, she comes up with another classic. Now she's decided that probably the president must be gay. And I said, why would you say that with all these women that he's doing? I'll be like our old sex. Forget notes. You need to rule tape. Oh, my god. Talk about out of touch with reality. Talk about from a very distant generation of the long, long past. And I try to explain to her, ma, all men like oral sex. And of course, she just went on to her next topic. Well, that explains why your dad so early. You really want to give me started, don't you? Even Moni Kalowinsky wouldn't do that. OK, for a lover Moni, trust me when I tell you. The thought is so grotesque. The thought of that is so puke inducing that I can't even begin to tell you. Oh, my god. So no wonder Moni's got an inversion to it. I think he did make a good point, but in reverse. But at any rate, the president's a faggot, OK, because he likes a roll sex. So that goes back to the survey we took last week, which most of you lied about, by the way. But there you are. Moni thinks the president's a faggot, because he likes to oral as moral. But at any rate, getting back to this weed business, it's nobody's goddamn business. And I'll also affect your performance at the office on the plane field. If it's some stupid goddamn sport in the snowboard, whatever the hell this guy is riding over there, this poor Canadian bastard, this caparyotic gabriotic, whatever this guy's name is, he ain't no peekable street. I'll take it that. They got, listen, they got a curler, a woman curler, from Canada. Her name is Sandish Merler. Sandish Merler. I'm swear to God. We laughed so hard last night. I thought I was going to pee in my pants when I heard on the CBC. They were talking about Sandish Merler, the woman curler. At jeans from Whistler, we see, or sometimes they have plays. Oh my God. Oh, and you people are taking this seriously. Any of you? Oh, man. Sandish Merler, the lady curler from Whistler BC. But she ain't got nothing on peekable street. I'll tell you that. Who is almost as good as I be, hip, or whatever that the coons name was, that basketball player from Maryland, or Virginia, who have a daily play for? Nobody cares about whether Joccer anybody else is smoking weed, because all this audience is. And there's a compared to being drug tested, like this is some kind of a like a police state. Oh, it is. Sorry. I'm telling you that for years, it's a goddamn police state. They're going to give you a drug test, because you're going to work in Walgreens or something. They're going to give you a drug test to be sitting behind a desk somewhere, because you're the executive vice president of a bank. That's got like 75 customers in the Poccipsy New York. They're going to give you a drug test based on what? That's like the frickin' word police. We got up there at the FCC, that the Congress gets together, Jesse Holmes, and all these other Nazis, and they get together with these old prudish parts. And they just make up a list, what you can't say this. Yeah, based on what? Well, we said so. Oh, that's great. That sounds like the American way to me. That sounds exactly like what the founding fathers had in mind. Founding fathers, who the hell were they? And what's their score in your Olympics? They grew hemp. The founding fathers. Yeah, they were smoking the rope, is what they were doing. And they were also doing the slaves, the slave women. So we don't want to talk about that, because that'd be bad. Let's go second hand. We've heard of the dangers of second hand cigarette smoke. Now we got the dangers of second hand marriage. We need smoke. But to get you to squalify and lose your metal baby, and they'll stick your ass out there on Peacaboo Street. Here's a mobile and poor Loderdale, hello. Hey, Neil, how you doing? OK, sir. First thing I think, Xray, did play from Maryland. I'm pretty sure. I think so, but who cares? Yeah, who cares about the drug testing thing? Yeah. Where do you draw the line? You say it's OK that they smoke marijuana, and they say that they smoke marijuana, the line marijuana is not a, it doesn't affect somebody's performance. It doesn't, it doesn't enhance their performance. And people aren't like I just said a minute ago, I'm going to go on stealing money and robbing banks and seven, elevens and gas stations to get money to support a marijuana habit. It's ridiculous. So that's that's your reason for not testing it, because of why they think they smoke marijuana. What is your reason that you should test for marijuana? Well, I'm not saying that they really should. I'm just saying that I don't think that if they're going to test for one, they should test for all. I don't think they should draw one. I don't think they could. I don't think they test for nicotine to see if you're smoking cigarettes. It's a cigarette's article. Well, what difference does it make whether it's legal or illegal? Like I said before, in the state of Florida, any sex other than missionary position, a man and woman is illegal, okay? So should we arrest everybody? Or should we go into people's bedrooms and find out if anybody's doing it in the wrong position? No, I don't agree with that. So what difference does it make if we have a lot of archaic stupid laws? Who's businesses it? If it doesn't affect anything or change anything, what difference does it make? Well, then it looks like the problem is actually with the law, not that they're testing for marijuana. I agree. I think that they should test for marijuana there. And I think that they should test for marijuana in the NBA. Based on what? Based on, I don't. Because I think that the jobs get away with as much crap as they possibly get away with too much. So in other words, it's only only one week. Wait a minute. Only juxtmuck marijuana. Is that what you're saying, sir? No, no, no, no. No, but that's what we're talking about here is where the testing is done. You brought up the testing in the NBA. They test in all, look, it you know as well as I do that. If you go and apply for a job in a lot of companies in this country, not just sports in any kind of endeavor, government job, they have random drug testing, you know that. I hold. Yes, I do. And based on what? What is it there business if you're smoking pot? I don't know. Maybe they're afraid of your job performance, maybe. I'm not really sure. I can't really tell you why they do it. I'm just saying that if they're going to test for marijuana, how is that going to affect your job performance? Well, if you talk, what? You need to smoke marijuana the night before? Yeah, exactly. Listen, I'm not giving you an answer for why they do it. I said that. But we're having a discussion. I'm not asking you to justify it. But how is this smoking weed going to affect your job performance? I'm not saying it will. I don't say it. So what's the point? Well, like I said, I think it's because they're going to test for one. They're going to test for all. I don't think that if you say, okay, it's okay if you go in smoke marijuana, we're going to test your off of cocaine. It's not another chance. You're not going to say a difference between the heart of drugs in marijuana. You don't see it. Okay, get an influencer and call me back. I'd be delighted to have a debate with you. But your phone blows. This guy doesn't see a difference between cocaine, which is a highly addictive substance, which affects people's personality and behavior. And in many cases, causes them to become dangerous. That is correct. Trust me when I tell you, I have known people who become totally changed. Personality change are unfrustworthy. Those people most of you don't want working for you if they're really addicted to cocaine. If they have a serious crack problem or any other kind of a co-problem or heroin. The Neil Roger show will not be on today. Instead, run a gambler's portfolio radio, 560W2AM, and it's continuing after to cater to all three of you Slack job lifeless automaton. It's crowds of reasons, ragree, and washing his socks. I love these socks. My wife got me these socks. My favorite kind of dark brown, gold diamonds down each side of the ankle. Get that one a good scrawl. And down by that, where are my, and why? Sixth of hole, because I didn't trim my toenails that. I'm not going to start on the other one. What is it, Ralph? What the hell? What's the matter? What's the matter? Oh, I'm not done, Bruce. Oh, I did take the alarm. You didn't leave it. Yeah, you did. That's a little bit of a record. Go back to your office. Okay. There's something to worry about. It's casual. Maybe clear channel by it. Good bye, Chris. Charlie. You great big fatty. Always acting like a great big fat dump. Me taught. And every field you'll never make. To that poor David's faith. His career could be cut. All he has left is that label. TV show. He won't be taking money. Will be no more. And you wanted to be just like John Boulouche. And have John and these two. You finally made it. But we're not too careful. What you wish. You gave us not so much love. On Saturday night. But you were way too young to die. To commit fat mess to a side. Good bye, Chris. Charlie. What did you teach to? Blow up like a big balloon. It didn't like a fool. That with only bringing certain death. The farmers are upset. And though you left blood. Some tableboos. These are the few tales of your time. That will still make a new little tip. And you wanted to be just like John Boulouche. And have John and these two. You finally made it. But we're not too careful. What you wish. Go to the sea. Go to the sea. On the sea. You reached the sea. In the sky. You got so fat. You got fat. Chris Fawley. The night they had some broad under one of the. One of the tableboos shows last night. The night before he croaked. He laughed at talking. He'll see whatever he was staring at. The day when he went out. And super comfortable. They were going to wash it down. gorgeous. He didn't smell anything. I knew it. What did you get? Really good. That's right. If they're beaten up their wife and their girl for, why don't we get upset about that? How come nobody gave a crap at the Jimmy Johnson sign-up, Lawrence Phillips, who's not about a goddamn gangster? How come nobody cared about that? But we're concerned if he passes a drug test or not. That really concerns me with a re-smoking marijuana. Not whether he's going to be beaten, women up all over the place. What kind of mentality we'd be talking about in this country, man? We're talking about people. They can't sit down and look at this thing rationally because most of them are emotional cripples. Emotional cripples. And this crap about the NBA is going to do pot testing, David Robinson says, oh yeah, we should all subject to what it's a no-brainer. The NBA has a no-brainer, okay? It's for a bunch of illiterate freaks is what it is, David Robinson. You asshole, here's Miami, hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Are you doing? Okay. You sound pit-dog. Well, I had sir, I'm listening. Okay, well, anyway, on the second hand smoke with the marijuana. I have a friend who basically could not smoke because of the government watching over him. And he enjoys burning every couple of times. So when he went to get a mandatory, you know, sister, and he came back positive. He told his original officer, he's like, oh, no, I was in a room with a bunch of people smoking. Yeah. And the probation officer gave him a bunch of, like, evidence. I got a great bid for bulk of Brian by the way, the tuna second hand rose. Second hand smoke. But anyway, go ahead. Anyway, he says that the probation officer gave him a bunch of evidence about how much the enhanced smoke you had to be exposed to for you to come back positive for. Even a minister of mine, you'd had to be in a room that was fogged up a couple of hours, you know, constantly breathing it. Yeah. And I mean, if you smoke in the past at any point, if you like to smoke that stuff, and you're in a room, and they've been smoking for two hours, you're going to tell me you're not going to take a hit or whatever. And I mean, snowboard. Oh, so let's still let me ask you so not a good hit. Well, no, wait, well, I want to hear this about snowboarding. Let's hear this. I mean, snowboarding and the Olympics, who is not going to think that these snowboarders are not part of it. Let me think, all these guys are a bunch of hot pot addicts. Oh, yeah. I mean, they are the biggest burnout. All the surfers I knew in high school. Yeah, surfers in snowboarders. There you go, boy. I love your logic, man. This is great. I mean, if you follow the bouncing dots, here we go, from A to Z to T to F U. Okay, great, great job, pal. Excellent. That could have been the greatest call in history. Oh, man, those, those chronic potheads, man, those snowboarders. I want to box Sandwich Merler the curler. I want to watch he's doing. He's probably got her hair up in curler's that bitch. Oh, and Sweden, by the way, I want to curl women's curling my to get Canada. Oh, my God. The Canadian, like 95% of all curlers in the world are Canadians. And they already lost one met between that and maybe losing this gold medal. They may never come out of hiding. They may like start doing like the Eskimo's and build igloo's and go inside and never come out. Come out. Here's a mobile lady in Hollywood, hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. Good morning. I've been to the first time I'm calling you. However, I listed to you for years and I do admire many of the things that you say. But, however, I take issue a little bit this morning with the pot testing with regard to your employment. There are some situations where it is very dangerous to smoke pot, particularly if you like to drink beer, lunch, or even have a drink at lunch and you mix it with the pot. Here are things you can do that you normally wouldn't do. Like what? Well, for example, I know a personal experience because I happened to be an insurance agent and we have a very serious situation that occurred in one of our insured business operation with a man. Did that just that lunch time? Came back and in a job that he had been working on for 10 years, back his hand in the mixing that and cut it off. All right. Excellent. Well, I'll see you, Jim. I guess you won't be doing that again. So what was the problem? Well, the problem here is that drug testing on the job is, in many cases, very important. And so if you smoke pot, you shouldn't be doing it while you're working. I mean, maybe if you're working in a job. Well, wait a minute. You said you shouldn't be doing it if while you're working, but if it stays in your system for like up to a month, then how do you know what you're doing it? Wow. Suppose you smoke it recreationally on a weekend at home, not when you're on a job. Well, I don't know very much about how long it stays in your system. Why just got through telling you up to a month, what about your testing after lunch? Yeah. That's right. How about boost testing after lunch? Let me tell you something. And those kind of stuff. How about a breathalizer test after lunch? Well, I don't. I mean, where do we stop this insanity is what I say? Actually, I really do believe that we have become insane with testing, except that in the case of drugs, it is a very important thing. In some situations, I'm not saying that we should be testing. Everybody for everything, because we're losing totally our rights in this country. We don't have any rights in this country. We have a right to be oppressed by a fascist police state is what we have. I don't have any rights. This is in the free country. It's a joke. Hey, listen, we still have the right to talk to you about these things, which makes it a right. Yeah. Unfortunately, we're limited to what we can say. Debbie, you still got to watch your language. Your the word police are going to come down and they'll take you away. Oh, that's something else again. I don't agree with that either. I think if you want to say foul things, you can say them, and that shouldn't be oppressed by anybody. Whether it's on the radio or TV or wherever. What the point is that there are, I don't know whether you agree to this completely maybe and partially you're a dream that there are certain situations where drug testing, whether it be marijuana or heroin or whatever, is an important factor. I would say if you're working in a candy store, then I definitely should be able to be drug testing. You want to be, or in any kind of arrest around. They don't want to use your stuff. It's right. That would be good one. Have a great day, sweetheart. We have an open line in date, 5 6 7 0 5 60 and 5 5 60 because God forbid if you smoked weed like two weeks into go and you had a beer for lunch today, we know that you are a danger to society. God forbid pizza chef or delivery boys definitely. Yeah, that's right. Chinese food delivery. Oh, I don't tell a ways he would never need to need to have to smoke weed. How do you like that? And he still had the munchies. He was a hungry boy. He was just a big, chubby hungry guy. That's all. And he ate all $40 worth of Chinese food on the way back to the house. Can you imagine if they tested radio management for alcohol after lunch? Oh, yeah. Okay, one up there right now. Oh my God. How about brain testing for management? That sounds good to me. Of course, where there's no sense, there's no feeling. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hello. Yes, sir. Are you doing the ill? Great. I have a question. Yes. I have two questions and then I want to show them what to do. How come you can't get ice cream like Italy? Because I have a lot of pistachio. I don't need a lot of ice cream, but man, I use to eat ice cream every day and Italy, pistachio ice cream in it. Delato, sir. Gelato is not ice cream. It's gelato. It's made that doesn't have all that cream and it's not all that chalk and artificial crap. It's made from all natural stuff. And they don't make it here. You know, once in a while a place will come along and try to make good gelato. And even if it is good, the public's taste is so bad because the Brazilian buyers and seal this and eat these that those places do a lot of business. Man, I don't, I mean, I don't, I'm in an ice cream, but I was eating it. I have a really nice day. Yeah. Every little shop had it. Well, when I go to Italy, I eat it a lot and ice cream too. Hey, and I have a question for George. He says you have this commercial called Feat. Field Extreme Watches. Was it his voice, honey? Yes. He apologized as profusely for it too. And about the next question, if this guy would have been from Amsterdam or it's legal, the smoke pot, what were they going to say to the guy? Well, you know, it's interesting because of Merin, that is a good point. Merrah wanted, they were just saying on CNN that Merrah wanted is not among the substances listed at the Olympics as being illegal, but that it reverts back to the country and the laws there. So if it were one of the Dutch players in like a soccer player, of course, enough playing those soccer and the winner of a Olympic, but whatever the Dutch competitors are ice skater, then it would not be a problem. How do you like that? And Canada says that's blatantly unfair in a bunch of crap and they're a crying foul. Hey. That's not, I don't think that's very fair. How do you like that? How do you like them green apples, huh? Do I say that this guy, this, uh, Grapp Tiano, or Greg Gabriotti, I say you should move to Amsterdam would be a good idea. Hey, there you go. At least you'd have a good time. And as far as I'll, drug testing in the workplace? Yes. Till they can figure out, until they can't drug test you at the moment and know how much you've had at that particular moment, I think they should just band it all together because there's no way that you're going to tell me what I have to do in my house in my car or what I do at any time that I'm not at work because I only work for them for eight hours. I'm not the rest of my day. So that's the bottom line. Next thing they're going to be doing fish food testing. There you go. Yeah, why don't we just survey, let's see, uh, let's pay your fat. I want you to piss us, see how much food you've been eating. Right. Exactly. I mean, where you draw the line, you know what I mean? Right. Let me get a cute tip and check this woman mouth. Maybe she's been giving more of sex to somebody in the parking lot. All right. Now you're talking, okay. Have a great day, pal. You do. Okay. Sounds like a job he wants. I did that one time. I'm about 15 years old. I know that's what I'm about. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. I'm about to go. And then our Ét헌DEr. Onto our disaster of education. Lettymark chapel. Draw with me! Oh, before I get down. Now. Draw with you! Yeah. Draw with your Andrews. Draw with your husband James. Draw with your wife. 3ful. 5ful. B Broadway. 4th cakes. We're surprised that girls came home, You, June. How do I told you? Yes. We have those good<|fr|>s for all of you. losan against for usaved't we at me now we do if there's desert my I'm not a fan of you! I'm a fan of you! I know it's me, I'm a fan of you! I'm so excited to see you! And I'll send you a book, stolen, hatred, 14. 14. And and and I've... and I'm a fan of you! And I'm a fan of you! And I'm a fan of you! And I'm a fan of you! And... And over in this woman, go get one of them! Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on! Yes, it's the wonderful world of radio! Oh, radio! Where you can hear your own voice! Let the W2AM School of Drugcasting! Provide you with the essential tools you'll need to make your wet radio dreams come true! I mean, a one-form tool! Where's your new school? So anyway, let's do a mobile and west-pombee, chill out! Can't disagree with you more about the pot smoking! Okay, I'm an ex-pot addict from the age of 15 to 25! Yeah, I'm telling you, I was more decked in than coke than any of them! Yeah, I mean, we had to score a lot of things! Yeah, I mean, we had to score a bit more decked than coke than any of them! Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah! We had to score a bit more decked than fish food too, I bet! Correct! George Warping in his pants in the room! Better take a sample, by the way! Before we stop, 38 now, stop 13 years ago, but before we play baseball, we smoked, before winter, movies, and so on! Before we had sex, we smoked, before anything! We needed pot! We couldn't do it without pot! Yeah! A lot of my friends are still on the... Well, let me ask you this, as much as I found upon people who are like obsessed with pot! We're on sifting and picking seeds all day, and I think that's a life! But nevertheless, how do they... Wait a minute! How do they do that? How do they do that? It affected it tremendously, because it opened the door too! And you're going to think this is a joke! It opened the door to coke! It opened the door! Yeah, yeah! Once you violate your body, you might have a beer, because they're thinking you're going to be... I never like beer, but I'm telling you, you're affected me in the workplace! And I like to meet driving a lot of eye-to-eye. No, but they argue that it's the same argument as you better never have a beer, because then you're going to become an alcoholic! And you're going to start drinking, you know, sticking vodka bottles in your pocket! I mean, there are always going to be people to matter what you're talking about! The old things of the world are going to go out and need to ligate to be 500 pounds! Does that mean we should outlaw any foods that are fattening? No, no, but I... You know why it's changed? I have two kids of my own now! They're 14 and 11, and they're getting to that age where... Or I remember when I was... I'd say you better stop. Yeah, no, no, no, I stopped a long time ago, but the bottom saying now I'm overprotective. Oh, he can call up his debris in there's home! By parents like George, if there were refugees from Cuba that came down here, they didn't take any... Well, no humans don't smoke, we know that! They didn't know any better, they were working 14 hours a day, I was alone at home, and all my friends did it! And we did it! I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you, I'm telling you! I didn't know anybody, but I couldn't disagree with you more! I was testing for it, and I told them, they keep it out of everything, because it's perfect my life! You know something, I know that when I go over to Holland, every time I've only been an Amsterdam about 30 times, I'm going to go over there, it's a miracle that the country can function, you know? I'm telling you, well, let me tell you something. Well, while we're on it, we're less aggressive. Sir, let me ask you, have you ever been to Amsterdam? Never been to Amsterdam. Well, if you don't have plenty of go there, you might learn something. There's a pot addict for you there, boys and girls, there's a good lesson for everybody. He's obsessed. It's like the fish food addict. I say we go to publics right now, and may enforce them to take it right out of the freezer container, because we have fish food addicts already, and those people are going to kill themselves on that crack, because they're out of control. And let's close down every bar, because we got alcoholics. Let's bring back prohibition, maybe let's prohibit everything. Then we got sex addicts. Just watch, what's his name, Jerry Springer, he'll do 20 shows on that this week. Sex addicts. People who can't get enough, they're doing it. We got a guy, a Canadian, a jock. If a snowboarder can wear a jock strap, whatever it hell he was, this guy may lose his gold medal, because he may have actually inhaled a little bit. Or may have actually smoked a little bit. Or may have actually walked to a room somewhere where somebody may have smoked it, or not as the case may be. And they found like a little trace in his uh... Scored Scored? Yeah. And they're having a nervous breakdown now, because they, you know, suit a fit. What else? What else can we test for in your system? Definitely have fish food testing, because we know it makes you a blood sugar go away up, and you become irresponsible. And got only knows you're going to, you're not fit for driving. I wouldn't be surprised if they stopped you at street corners now. It stopped lights and they do on the spot checks blood sugar test. You know, they give you that little pin prick, if I can say that. And uh... Yeah, look at my fingertips. Man, look at all those pin prick. That's right, when you dive pedic, you have a lot of pin prick on the tips of your fingers. But at any rate. And yeah, they're going to be starting doing that spot checks on street corners now. And if your blood sugar is like over 250, but yeah, you're on a straight to jail. You're on a menace to decide you're going to kill somebody out there. Airline pilot before you get on that plane, make sure he didn't have no fish food before he took off. Here's a four-laterdale. Hello. Hello. Yes sir. For some color. I guess I'd be in the cute color since I'm a chronic. Okay. Anyway, I can show myself a well-trained, high-precision cynic. You agree with a lot of the things that you talk about. But in the United States, of course, what right we all have really is the right to be as irresponsible as we want to be. Until you reach a certain limit. And we have these freedoms when people sort of they abuse them until it starts costing somebody some money somewhere. And when they got to go and do something about taking that freedom away. But what does that mean? When is marijuana ever been decriminalized in America? Well, I mean, it hasn't. But the reason for that for me, they tried prohibition with booze. That's your work for your well, didn't it? No. And it's a poor deal. Work for your candidate real well. We can't expect our people to be responsible with the freedoms that they have. Like we have a small business. And we do contracting and that sort of thing. And you got guys. They're not exactly the top model society. But they go out and they're doing physical labor for you. And they're climbing the roof top and things like that. And we've had cases in the past where people were on the influence of substances and they acted it. And then the customer... Well, if you're liable for, I can understand. And you're talking about a person, right? I understand that. And then not only that, but the employee suits you too. You even know she was the one who was irresponsible on the job. So what do you do about that? Well, in that case, that's an exception. I wouldn't have any problem with that. I can see in the NBA where if a guy is stolen, he's not going to injure somebody on the court. If anything, he'll take fewer shots. And he probably wouldn't beat up the coach. Good point. But the thing is, we have something that we do at work here. Not that it works, but it's in a tent anyway. That's called a drug free workplace. And you start off your relationship with the business under the assumption that you're not going to... This isn't going to be something you're going to be doing on the job. So we're a lot to... Drug tests before you start the job and that sort of thing. And what's sad about this is it's amazing how many people who call us looking for a job. And you say, oh, but by the way, this is a drug free workplace. How many people show up, still out the forms, and then just never appear again. It's a huge... Well, but isn't that the choice you just got to tell you? Oh, absolutely. But, you know, but the thing is, this is going to be responsible for what it's employees do. And we have to know, we have to feel safe and secure that they're not going to be out there. No, I would have to do with that. I think that you've got to, you know, you have a right because you're liable. And you have a right to make sure that they're not doing whatever might impair their senses, etc. But, you know, that's a very rare exception. Somebody's doing an office job at a desk. Unless, of course, they're making decisions. Decisions that, you know, are like national security risking something like that. Yeah, I could understand that. Yeah, I could understand that. Studio. Uh, or for radio equipment or something like that. Exactly. And I think it might help to have some drugs for these bastards over here. But the thing is, you do, you know, once again, as a society, if the people aren't going to be responsible enough to be able to decide when they are going to use the substances, you can't expect to be. But, you know, you know, something. You can't expect them to be. But you know, something like that. Let me say something to you. And that is that as long as things are forbidden. When you go to Europe, there is no drinking age in any country that I know over in Europe. And yet, what is Italy, especially. Public drug in this is frowned upon, a such an extent that, I mean, they would, they would come and beat the crap out of you. If they found you staggering around drug in the street, they would take you. I mean, under cover somewhere and give you a lecture and sober you up until you better not never do it again. But, and you don't, you don't have any problem of young people staggering around drunk or killing each other because they're drinking and driving. You don't have that. Now, the French have it because they got a bunch of drugs over there to begin with. But I'm talking about countries where they're generally socially responsible in the first place, like Italy and like Holland and those. You don't have that problem. But, you know, drinking age. There's no smoking in the world. And you have the Spain and Russia have very high alcohol, the rates and they also have the... What does that have to do with Italy? It doesn't, but you know, it's just... What is that called Holland, which is the freeest country in the world? What does that have to do with it? It depends on the culture they grow up with that kind of freedom and you, you all can't hear anything. I just got to say me and then so as I wonder you make things for Britain the more people want them. That's my point. Okay, before I, I leave or you come up. I want to give you something. I don't know if you can use this as a card, but I want to do a celebrity impersonation for you. Yeah. Why don't you go? I don't go. Okay. See, I wasn't bad. Georgia was almost cute. It wasn't a very good, you know. The consensus is, let's see, Mike from the Keys says it's two expenses. That's his, well, I'll say it's a penny and he likes it a little weird now. And he said two them expenses. Here's Miami. Hello. Neil. Yes, sir. What's up, Neil? I love your show. Thank you so much. Listen, it is kind of expensive, but... I wanted to say this whole marijuana thing is just out of hand. I mean, the government, they must be from like babbling chips, pushing buttons. So, where they'll realize that marijuana is probably the basis in toxicown of this planet. It's less harmful than alcohol. It has never been documented to get cancer, like, you know, cigar and cigarettes. Yeah. I'm not complaining about the garbage. And it doesn't extend your blood sugar raising up like sugar does either. I don't know. Sugar, I guarantee right now sugar was a lot more dangerous than marijuana ever can be. And I don't think they did any sugar testing on this Schmendorf-Gabriotti guy that this snowboard that won a gold medal over there in Agno. Absolutely. It's something like a blood sugar. And see if he was doing the fish food before he did the thing. Absolutely. And, you know, I like to go to... Well, listen to the idea. I was wondering, how come you didn't like our thing in Vegas? I wanted to ask you out as well. That's like my cigar of... No, I do like car-shaveggos. Oh, you like them? But if they don't make him in next, which is my sponsors. So I'm not going to come on here to say, hey, it's more car-shaveggos. Which one do you like in particular the Galantes? You've never had the English corona? Oh, I don't touch those English ones. Oh, yeah. The English corona is a fabulous, especially the growing it's open. Okay. Um, the background now. Okay, have a great day. Let's go to a Miami, hello. New. Yes, sir. Hey, how's it going? Great. We'll listen, you know, a couple bad things. Unfortunately, marijuana is classified as a schedule one drug, which means it's right up there with cocaine heroin. Methinphetamine and Jerry Springer as perhaps the worst drugs of all mankind. Uh-huh. And fish food. And fish food. But, you know, this is just a word for that guy who was that guy, I was kidding when he, there was a guy called and he said, I run a workplace and I tell people that I drug test, but I don't really drug test and then that just sort of weed out the people in my department. Weed out the people that really don't want to drug. What was it? What was that whole thing about? He said that he drug tested. He said that a lot of people come by and they fill out the application when they find out that it's a drug free workplace that they don't hear from them again. He's what he said. All right. Well, I think he's a fascist because, you know, he's basically just got a bunch of people that were doing like yard work or something, you know? Anyway, they're going up on roofs and things and he's responsibly. He's got the liability insurance for that. I can understand that. I don't know, man. I mean, if you're, if you're still looking, if you're still looking on any substance, I don't care what is. I don't want to be responsible for your work or driving or whatever else you're doing. You know, the thing is that they might not be up on the roof and be stoned at the same time. They might go home, watch your spring or and then be stoned and then go back to work and be perfectly straight and still fail at miserable test. Okay, and that shows on now. What the hell was the point? I wasn't going to wait around long enough to find out. Here's a lady in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, man. Hi. How are you? Great. How are you? How are you? How are you? Great. How are you? How are you? I said he's more for 10 years. Yeah. He's got that the marijuana made him try other drugs. I think that he's been betrayed as everyone also been betrayed by all the uptake people in this country because they tell you that marijuana may bat for you. And it's evil and all this stuff. And then when you try it and it's not that bad, you say, well, they lied about this. Well, maybe they lied about everything else too. No. The relationship is different. Never long, a relationship is different. Never long, a relationship is different. This poor guy's going to go back to Canada with his middle between his legs. Never be the same again because they found this little teeny tiny trace of marriage and we need in his test. Neil? Yes. I say we all get on a plane, go to Italy and smoke a blunt. All right. All right. The purpose over there, he's doing it. If it's okay for the Pope, I'll come in and say, well, you think that big puffer over the Vatican is? That's not what you think it is. That's the celebratory smoke. Yeah. There's celebrating it all, right? What do you think they keep burning incense? Covered up. That's why they do a lot of things. That's why they put those gowns on the covered up. That's why there were no kills in Scotland, baby. Covered up. When it's got some pot? Here's Fort Lauderdale. Hello. I've never listened to your show for, but I was interested in your views on why it's illegal in the first place. I mean, is it all like first? Sure. Because this is a repressive society in which we live. Let me say it again. These are kicks. Sodomy laws that are in the book in most states in his country in which anything except a face-to-face missionary position sex between married male and female. What you're laughing about it, okay? But true. We have all these are kick laws on the books because this is a country of hypocrites. A country that's living in the stone age because we got a bunch of old funny studies up there and we don't have the balls to repeal these archaic stupid intrusive laws that have no place in the civilized society. Well, the marijuana space, hemp, whatever. There would be no national debt if they would have taxing and grown it the last 20 years. Let me say this to you, sir. The idea that the federal government, listen to this. The federal government can tell you what seed you can plant in the back yard of your home. On your property. The idea that the government can legislate that is so outrageous and so unacceptable as to be in the country. Yeah, it's just inexplicable. Great. I can't argue with that one bit. They've always helicopter waste in time because people are growing a few plants in their bank yard. And the meantime, up the corner, kids are shooting themselves because that he left his six, his six shooter laying around and everybody in their brother and his country is running around with a guy damn gun. But God forbid, if somebody's growing a few plants in the backyard, we got the helicopters going over head. Baby, we're going to catch you. They're the pot police are there. You maniacs. Just like in a low word, the hell I do with that. Local section is morning. Here we go. Business man or sex per fair police. This Arthur van Morkkkerk and whatever his name is Kirk and jerk and ran a six million dollar prostitution ring. How do you like that? In Fort Latterdale. He had 50 women on their payroll. Their names neatly lined up on a magnetic board underheading such as blondes, remets and orientals. The clients more than 20,000 men between West Palm Beach and North Miami. We'll pay to 180 bucks and cash or 200 by credit card. For acts that range from a straight sex to unusual fetishes. So who the hell gives a crap? Probably ran a clean operation. Probably not too many people get no diseases from that operation. Probably hit it on the up and up. He's going to jail. Everything in his goddamn country is illegal man. Everything is the forbidden fruit. If we can say, oh, and of course that's all. Forget that. Talk about a fruit. Forget about that. Everything's illegal. Everything's immoral unless of course it's the politicians who are doing it. Like Dan Rolmer, he's doing it over there. And like Bill Clinton, of course he's doing it left and right. And which we like and a lot more and respect him because he's getting it. That's okay. But if we're getting it then of course it's evil and we all go to jail. Chuvanal and unacceptable. Unacceptable. Your brain washed baby. When you're going to go just wake up and sniff it a little bit. And the flowers too. Brain washing. Goody two shoes. We have to have a drinking age. And we have to have a we have to have an age for everything. A smoking age. In other words, when you're 21 it's okay to get yourself lung cancer. But if you're 19 and you're not old enough to make that decision. Just like this crap about the age of majority. You know, most countries, where we just is just a matter of opinion. Most countries even some that we consider very backward. The legal age for consensual sexual act is 15 or 16. In this country it's what? 17 for heterosexual acts and 18 for yes. There's a different age for heterosexual or homosexual acts. And of course, or is it 18 for both? There's all these gray areas depending on which state you're in. I didn't say gay areas. I said, what's well, we'll find out. What's fat urine lies in the prone or what's the most dangerous if you're more than two years older. You can be 16 as long as the person isn't more than two years older and over. Well, it was an adequate. So another way to find out. I think you guys bang in the 16 year old chick. He's in violation of laws that we're saying to me. Something like that. Isn't that ridiculous? Yeah. Isn't that absurd? Here's a four-laternal. Hello. Yes, sir. Very gracious. Back to your happy circus. Yeah. On the front of the tuition ring the guy's from my aboken. I've fought a lot of deal. No big deal. There you go. You're right. There you go. There you go. You're right. There you go. There you go. Another thing on the bottom of the pot. I don't know business. I drugged. Right on the application. He brings drugs man. I test. All right. See if the track back. What we certainly know nothing about drugs. There's your kind of boss, George. I thought we had that. Oh yeah. He wouldn't know what to do with him. Asian. Wait. I think I'm. The frog's brought back. And I think I want to kill a lot. Hey, man. Hey, man. What is that? That's not me. I'll show it down. Do it wrong. Hey, man. Hey, man. That's too much crap. The time is 45, but it's doing 22. Hey, man. Here's what I'm trying to do. So watch out, bro. Because I'm coming after you. Yeah. I'm gonna smile. Yeah. I'm gonna run you down. So get your fat ass out of town. Frogs beating out is such a scary die. Yeah. I'm gonna smile. Yeah. I'm gonna run you down. So get your fat ass out of town. Frogs beating out is such a scary die. That doesn't speak French and the frog just can't. Why is he put? But when the check comes, we can read him. Listen. Frogs, Mark. Yeah. We know fuzzles are too weak. But do they have to be so cheap? Why must you frog like an algorithm for a little? So fat. So fat. Why can't you just stop? So the border goes back. We don't want you. But from the peaks to such a scary die. Look at fat. We're belly doing over and the fandered close die. Wow, are they fat? I wish they just go back. I can't take it anymore. What is summer coming? Oh, help them back. We're gonna grab them cross. They're running across the inner states. And the staff are one of those stifes or stuckies or whatever they're called. Man, talk about packed with glam with bad taste. Although I do like some of that candy. The peanut burdels okay. I've had a nut roll. Yeah, when it's hooked out of my hand. Didn't roll too far though. Here's a coconut grow. Hello. There's no fags in Columbus. Yeah, that's what I hear. Yeah, Neil. Do you remember a couple years ago? Maybe one or two. A guy was driving down like 75. He was depressed. One of them come into suicide. And he jumped into his pick up truck with a six pack. Started driving down like 75 the wrong way. Right. I remember that. Yeah, sure. Stuff like that that makes me think. I don't understand why alcohol is legal in my one is not. Right. I understand my smoker. Good point. Real quick. I think how much we do with a head of smoker is same effect. Think about it. How long I want to take it? Real quick, Neil. I heard you are songs about tongues. Religious tongues. And I kind of gave me a flashback. Yeah. My mom used to be a kind of gospel. And I grew up. And I remember seeing my grandmother, my mom, and just like talking and tongues and dropping on the floor and I would just sit there and giggle. You know, I made no sense to me whatsoever. Anyway, real quick, Neil. I just have to give me the heby Jesus. I think you were song ones. It was for the Panthers. No set to. And I got to know the one. Please let me sing it. Okay. Go ahead. Okay. I'm Chris Weber. I'm Chris Weber. Got a rest before a bag of red here. I'm the ghetto dream to play beat ball with auto drug screens. I'm Chris Weber. I'm Chris Weber. Call time out when I got sprayed with pepper. Burn my eyes. That's mean. How about a couple drops of my zoom? I'm James Brown. I'm James Brown. Neil. Yeah. Here's my name is Spring. Hello. Yeah. Hi. I was calling. I heard the guy talking about the fact that it was legal and it was legal. But you know, I don't smoke marijuana. I haven't done since college days. But the thing is, I'm a firm believer that as long as it doesn't kill you. You're harming anybody else. Go ahead and do what you want. What may I do this? Can you go into a drug store right now and buy rat poison? Yes. Yes. And that will kill you. It's got warning labels on the on the can or whatever you're buying it. And you can go, you can go into any story. You go into a supermarket. You go into a drug store and buy legally all kinds of substances that will kill you. You go into home depot and buy paint thinner. And if you drink it, it will kill you. I guarantee you that make no mistake about it. So the idea that something may or may not be harmful for you, which is all very subjective by the way. And a lot of it very dubious and debatable. But since when is that the guy? The only job that I see the government is to tell us, you know, give us the information. Tell us, can this be harmful to me? How harmful is it? And then let me make my own guy damn decision. Well, that's what I'm saying. You know, the thing is that the only reason it was made illegal, it is because it's relatively easy to grow and difficult to tax. Yeah. And by the lobby, the lobbying of both alcohol and cigarettes, which it's, well, alcohol is relatively easy. But the question of cigarettes growing, it's drying it out and actually making cigarettes on your own. Most people aren't going to do. Whereas anybody could like grow plant in the backyard and they just simply take a few leaves. Let them dry out in the oven and then smoke it. Oh my God. And apparently that's what they don't want. And there would be a lot of competition for those two other industries. Oh my God. Whereas in tobacco, that's proving beyond the shadow of the doubt. That's killing people every day. There are people puffing on faggots right now who are going to grow from lung cancer and infosema and we've warned them and we've warned them and we've had all those craggy voice guys. The guy that used to play Hamilton burger on perimation with Elwis and the other gun talk about dying from lung cancer and John Wayne and all these other big monster guys that are crook and if you, you know, they tell you that and you still want to smoke. Then go ahead. Be my guest. And enclosed. Just don't blow it in my face. That's what the monocos said. They're puffing on cigarettes too. Exactly. Have a great day. All right. Okay. What are we getting all worked up about? I just because we realize we live in a country where our freedoms are very limited. We have a bunch of, we have a bunch of assholes sitting around deciding what you can do and telling you what's good for you and what's not. And then we have some idiots who go on along with that who want to be manipulated. Well, if you want to be manipulated, okay, go to some fascist guy named place. Go to some companies to kind of go to Cuba for Christ's safe. Go live with the Dell. He'll tell you what you can do. Go live with the Pope. You'll have one hell of a time, nirvana and go live in a Vatican under the watchful eye of the Cardinals man. I don't mean Stan Musiel. You won't be able to do anything that's fun because they're busy doing it taking them all up themselves. At Cap with no discourse, learning your hands on the last 10 in, weeknight, only on sports radio 560, 2 AM. For trading, all five six, me, don't feel the same way. I have a good spot today. Oh my god. Oh my god. What's up? Why do you usually just call me, give it to you and you can really do it. Don't be blind, mind, mind, mind. When you're delaying, you're the song, we're spoken to the song, don't be blind, mind, mind. When you're delaying, you're the late, late, late, late, late, early, early, early. Come on, mind, mind, mind, mind. That guy's got a sense of fact. That guy's got a sense of fact. That's good for the fight. That's good for the fight. Come on. That's good for the fight. When it was easy for Kale, then the new boat he knew. That's good for the fight. But it's a black trove. There's not many crimes. But you're fine. That's good for the fight. That's good for the fight. That's good for the fight. That's good for the fight. That's good for the fight. That's good for the fight. That's good for the fight. That's good for the fight. Everybody's so low! That's good for the fight. We're here to focus on the fight. We're here to focus on the fight. I was the loudest loser. Everybody after he was focused on the fight. That's good for the fight. That's good for the fight. That's good for the fight. That's good for the fight. That's good for the fight. That's good for the fight. He's out in the air. He's advocating there or why do you know I'm not advocating anything of them. Maybe a little bit of freedom. They're getting the government out of your nose. They're doing important things. People could walk the streets safely. Maybe the food you eat might be safe for you to eat. Things like that. They ought to be taking care of. We don't want them to do for us. Let me help you across the street. I don't want to cross the street. I'm going to drag you over there anyway. I want to go or not. When I left here yesterday, I drove out of the thing. There was a metro cup. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. I was going to go to the street. Golfing is not an endurance contest because if it were they have to carry their own clubs walking from one from the one hold when they talk about golfs. golf is all about it's a contest of skill. Sugar is all about it. It's boring to begin with but in this day and age found major newspaper like the 이것 sentence saying the discrimination because they are handicapped because these other pennies are afraid they might beat their pants so far. Year golfing skill is fantastic. So let's make the Mc devenu take a butt of the sun, favor's discrimination. How do you like that? Because that's all it is, plain and simple. And, of course, the PG instead of just gracefully accepting the ruling, which everybody knew was coming. Now they're going to appeal it. Because all those incredibly meaningful human beings, like Jack Nicholson Arnold Palmer and Ken Venturi, who is great contribution to the human races, and playing a stupid goddamn game, they're, they're too upset about it. Even though they're riding their golf carts in the seniors' door, that's because they're all farts. They're over 50, which makes sense. That makes them old farts. What the hell does that make me? Ancient, exactly. And I don't ride no golf cart because I don't play a stupid goddamn game called golf. But what a, what a grotesque thing that a major newspaper alleged, like the Sun Sentinel continues hanging out of this mulu-nose mentality. We know what color there knows is, blue and brown baby, big time. Here's Boko. Hello. Hey, Neil. How you doing? Okay, sir. Man, I couldn't agree with you more on these cops out there. I don't know where to start. I'm 38 years old and you know, always been pretty hard work and made good money. Payed my taxes. They made my bills on time. And you know, I've always enjoyed driving a nice car, right now I'm driving a Corvette. I think you are, too. Yes, I am. It's, you know, these cretons that they allow to be cops that roam our streets are just amazing to me. They've been allowed to, you know, criminalized, normal behavior. So, hey, they're not only that, but they like to terrorize the public. I'm driving on yesterday on the 595, going west, out toward, you know, plantation. And here's an FHP. And of course, the FHP are the most useless of all. They're just a wasted taxpayer's money. And this asshole is in the middle lane. And then he finds it gets over in a right hand lane so that he can terrorize all three lanes and he's going 54 miles an hour. Okay. So now naturally, everybody around him is in gridlock because that's the whole concept is to slow traffic to a crawl and show them that's a big power trip. Okay. And I thought I would never get to hell at home. 54 miles an hour. And of course, I'm like boxed in there, like, you know, a horse race. I'm locked in behind a dead piece. And I got nowhere to go. Yeah, let them see that Corvette. And you know, they're, they're attracted to you like a magnet. Yeah. Like a magnet. Yeah, exactly. You know, meanwhile, the, the real bad guys, the guys that are doing the real crime, you know, the OJ Simpson's of the world, we can never convict any of those. That's one little blue moon. See, I have the spirit of, you know, basically what they want to do is they want to harass normal people because they know they have the money to pay the fines, which generates the funds to keep them in existence. You know, and if they go after the real bad guys, it's going to cost. See, let, let me say something really revolutionary here today. Okay. And that is that laws of the, when we're talking about police work, laws like speeding laws were made to protect people from danger, not to harass people, not to give a copyright out of the right or a community, the right to write business so they can raise revenue. So another way, so other words, if I don't come to a complete stop at a stop sign at 230 in a morning, when there's no other car for a 50 miles around an A direction, the idea that some cops sitting on retreat can write me a traffic ticket for not coming for a running or a stop sign or whatever it is, is unbelievable. It's just unacceptable. And the public in this country are so brainwashed and so about, pushify that they just come to accept this. Like, oh, yeah, this is right. You let it will be the law, you man. Oh, I'm with you. Oh, like if I'm on the middle of a highway in I 75, over on a west coast at 2 in a morning, and there's nobody around for as far as the I can see, and I'm going to speed limit is like 70, and I'm going 85. What the hell difference does it make? And it isn't an interesting, by the way, after all the brainwashing about speed kills in this crap, how slowly but surely we're getting back to 65 and 70 mile on our speed limit on the turn pike in parts of 95. And I 75 is not interesting. And nobody's running around screaming. Oh, speed kills. That was the biggest bunch of propaganda. And another excuse to write more guy than business for the porters. That's what it is. Amen. Hey, I agree with you. Just change the subject. I call them. I guess about a month ago, maybe through weeks ago, and I really, I predicted this case, he Martin thing with, uh, I thought he would win. I mean, to the right thing to do. But he's one so far, but they're going to appeal it now because, uh, you know, they're, they're, they're bad. You've honor has been challenged here, and being the bunch of hard asses that they are, they're now willing to accept the ruling of a judge. In fact, the sun sent, leaving an insult to our intelligence by saying, well, this was a judge in his home town Eugene, Oregon. So, you know, there's favoritism. There is if any other judge with a brain anywhere else wouldn't the rule the same thing. Yeah, it's the right thing to do though. Amen. Hopefully, one time the right thing will win out. Listen, I've got one other thing to say, I have seen boo get the, uh, at the arena a few times. Yeah. You're right. He is one big unit and he definitely doesn't need to eat, uh, eat anymore than he has to still take care of Neil. Have a great day, pal. But I do like that orange here. See, it's called conditioning the public. So, I can't anything else. It's like, you know, Pavlov and the dog with the bell. You can condition people the same way you can do an animal. And over a period of your lifetime, if you're conditioned to the fact that every time you go in 10 miles over the speed limit, you gotta keep looking at, I mean, I'm not suggesting you should be able to go any speed you want because, you know, you're 140 miles an hour, it's dangerous unless it's in a beautiful core of it. You know, two 30 in the morning and I 75, it should be okay. Let's air that baby out when and out. But if you're going, I'll give you classic example of by me, they're hiatus road. There's a canal on one side. There isn't one single house that faces hiatus road between sunrise and Broward. Not one. There are a couple of churches that are said, way back off the street, there are a couple of houses on corners way behind trees and bushes that face side streets. But there isn't there are no little kids. There's nobody. Nobody lives there. And the speed limit is 35 miles an hour. And where do you think is one of the favorite spots for setting up their speed traps and plantation acres is on a high-edist road between sunrise and Broward Boulevard. So, they can write business. Not because anybody is in jeopardy there. Not because somebody's going to get killed or run over, but because it's a great place because the nobody in the right mind is going to drive 35 miles an hour at that road. So, please don't insult my intelligence, Mr. Pork, or out there, and Mrs. Porker, that you're out there to protect me because I've been all over the world. I've been in places where it's safe to walk the streets at 2 in the afternoon and 2 in the morning and wherever the hell you want. You don't have all these little things running around with God damn guns and kids getting shot because Daddy left the gun on a table or whatever the reason is this week. Like that five year old kid that got killed the other day because they know, oh, well, we don't know where the gun came from. Great. That's good. That's good for rental supervision. That's police work in America for you, baby. And that's why the public has come to accept this slaughterhouse and is like, this is the way things are supposed to be in a world. Right. Whatever you say, whatever you say, every time you, you know, you used to be many, many years ago, you saw a comment, like when I'm in Italy, I see a cop standing around with an oozone on a shoulder standing on a tower over by the Piazza Delare public or wherever he is. And I'm happy to see that because I know he's not going to hassle me and the fact that he's there is going to make damn sure even to God damn gypsies will come around the in that neighborhood for a while till he's gone because these there to make sure that there's a little lawn order going on. When you see a cop car here right away, the first thing you think of oh, oh, you look at this pedometer and then you think, oh, do I have my seat belt buckled up and do I have my finger in the wrong place now and is, you know, all those things, not the cop is my friend anymore, but he's out there to hassle the crap out of me because he's on an ego trip, a power God damn trip. This is their Mary Catherine G. Let's take a call in a lady north Miami, hello. Hello. Yes, man. Good morning, Neil. How are you? Pretty better. I usually talk to you. I'm chronic now, but since I'm a lady, I figure it's okay. Yes, it is. This morning between 7.30 and 8 and headline news. I suddenly bought them to have in each state some kind of news in from the afit of Texas, this had another settlement with a church $5 million on some kind of abuse sexual abuse. Oh, I right, but I don't believe it because there's no fact in the church. It's beautiful. Yes. And I love you. Okay. Bye. Have a great day. How dare you say that you bastard you? Here's a mobile in Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes, sir. I just off the subject for a minute. What was object? Traffic enforcement. Oh, does George know that when he's talking during the commercial right? Yes, he does. Yes, he does. That's the idea. We like that. Oh, good. I'd like to hear him about the guy with yellow here. The fact with yellow here. Why do I love that out? You sounds like an interesting guy by the way. There's no fact in the church. I think he's a priest. Do you realize how contradictory your position is on traffic enforcement? And why is that? Because if it's an intersection where you get his stuff at the people, you're happy they're giving tickets. But if it's something that you're doing, then you think it's an invasion of your privacy to get a ticket. Oh, so in other words, if somebody is creating a, when did I ever say that if somebody is driving irresponsibly or not driving according to the law, that they shouldn't get a ticket? I'm not saying we just let we just have anarchy on a highway. When did I ever say that? But if you're not, what if you're what? Who decides with appropriate? Do you think the average asshole on the street? Because I want the laws have been created to protect people, not the hassle of people. They're there to protect people. So if maybe you're driving a tour clock in a morning and you're even a little bit on I 75, and you know, maybe made a little bad lane change, but there's nobody else on the road. What difference does it make? It's very, really like, let me look at the fight for that. What? That's very rarely someone will get something. Give me a break. When's the last time to die? I assume that you must be a police person. Well, of course you want to know. When's the last time you wrote a ticket to an old person for going to slow? I don't control the interstate. I don't control the interstate. I don't control the interstate. I don't control. Well, when's the last time you saw anybody do that? I can't remember. I've never, I've never seen it. But I see people driving to slow. Yeah. And how about people driving in a left-hand lane on the interstate around the turnpiker around any super highway? Who are going like under the speed limit or not going anywhere? Sure. That bugs me too. Yeah. But that doesn't mean that it's an invasion of their privacy just because you're doing something you think is okay. I mean, who were you to decide that what you're doing is okay, but what they're doing is not. Well, now what are we talking about now? We're saying that when you speed, you know it's okay, because you can decide that it's not what I said. No, it's not what you said. No, it is not any. It's not related to what I said. Why the you said that you decide for yourself when you're speeding? I never said anything. You don't even want to say that you know that it's okay because there's nobody around. I don't think well, first of all, I never said I anything because I don't drive that fast to begin over your full of belonging on it. And number two, what I did say was that if somebody, somebody hypothetically is driving 70 miles an hour in a 55 at 2 o'clock in the morning and there's nobody else on the highway for as far as the eye can see that doesn't mirror the speeding ticket because it is not creating any kind of a hazard anybody else and it's just nitpicking. In most cases somebody probably would not be cited. Oh, give me your brain. And you're not your dime. Look, if you know as well as I do that if there was a speed trap set up somewhere, those are the kind of people that you guys are looking for. Why do you think they set up stuff like that besides for making money? Were you tell me because they want to get people conditioned to the idea to try and stay around the speed limit. Oh, give me a break. They want to go people conditioned to the idea of being around this. If there's nobody around, I think people are doing the most, look, this is Florida. Okay, my friend, everybody who can breathe gets a driver's license in this state and they can be over the age of 100 and they still get a renewal in the mail automatically for six year renewal. We got more people driving irresponsibly. We don't have any kind of a inspection system in this state so there's people with no breaks, bald tires, no headlights. I don't ever see those people getting pulled over. I don't see anybody in law enforcement screaming in the L we need an inspection system in the state to get all the crap off the road here. So it really is safe. All you're talking about is writing business and you know what is one of it. You can argue with me from now to midnight. You're never going to change anybody's mind. All you're doing is writing business. How do you know what people are getting excited for? And then when you go down the street and you see a car pulled over, how do you know what they're getting a ticket for? Because when I see somebody sitting there with a radar gun, I know exactly what they're getting excited for. That's just one instance. Every time you see somebody for the radar gun, I never see anyone else getting pulled over. I'm almost never. Almost never. Maybe for run on a red light. Maybe I've seen that once or twice. And if they did that in this time, you guys would be dizzy 24 hours a day. Of course. But maybe they got a red light. Said, it was okay. I think this is safe. That's okay. I'm going to go ahead and go for it. Because I know I'm a good driver. When did I ever say that? Hypothetically, of course. Oh, I see. Hypothetically. Nobody ever said that. That it's okay. I have to run a red light. It's okay to speed up the hypothetically. Yes. And to go through stops, I mean, to leave stops. Yeah, I know that. And I know what he's coming. No, not a few of the side of it. If it's, oh, I can take so many intersections right now at the top of my head where you can see a very clearly in all directions. I'm thinking like out of about 21st, uh, uh, 121st Avenue, 100 or 121st, 3, and 118th Avenue by me. There's a stop sign there and they got a new deal now there. And no, I did not get it. Take it by the way. So it's not our grave. And they're sitting around and to see if people made a full stop at that stop sign. Now you have full vision in all directions to see if anybody is coming or anything is in the road. And I mean, to nitpick and make sure that all four wheels can real complete stop. I'm going to write you a ticket. That's well, beating the public in your note as well as I do. I'll tell you one thing. Every time there's been an accident, the first thing they always tell me is I never saw the other car. Okay, so one day you're going to go through that stop sign. And when you get smashed, you're going to say, hey, I looked, but I never saw the other car. When did I say I go to that stop sign? When the hypothetically? No, I'm not talking about hypothetically. I'm talking about people who do that. Yeah. And that's the first thing they always say is I never saw the other car coming. But they know for sure that it's clear, but they never saw the other car coming. Uh-huh. So that's what happens when you just assume that you know better than the law. Let me say it again. Oh, they're all that you know better than the law. Here's our lecture. Now we're getting a lecture folks. We know better than the law. So, so if you got ticket windows near smoke and number in the car, you better not know better than the law because this guy's going to put you over in the, put you know who's got because you got we know. There you go. Because you know better than the law. You know, you've never been the same since you got arrested. Yeah, Ryan. Well, we're going to get you upon your shoulder. I've been talking the same about police. First of all, if you want to talk about it, travel and so that's another subject we never did before. Now, I never this bad is what? Now, before you used to complain about getting speeding tickets, but ever since you got arrested, you've just been down, down, down, on the law. Yeah, right. I've been down on the law all of my adult life, sir, because I'm tired of people getting hassled for bullcraft. That's the end of the conversation. Unbelievable. I've never been the same. Another piece of obfuscation, sir, you don't want to deal with the fact, so that is you're not in a law enforcement business. You're in the harassment business. You're in the goddamn harassment business and always had been. And what the hell does this have to do with that? What does one have to do with the other? But that's always a convenient excuse. There's anybody who doesn't believe in letting the cops do whatever they want to. They've got some excuse. It can't possibly be a legitimate point of view. You asshole you. Unbelievable. That's right. When you you can come to that stop sign. You can see is clearly, you can look and look and look. As you go through there and if you don't come, see, that's the law that all four wheels must come to a complete stop. Otherwise, you're breaking the law. Now that's a good law. Is it? Well, change the law. Square change in the laws. Okay. We don't have time to try to change the laws with a bunch of our cake bullcraft going on this country with a president's up there getting blow jobs every day in the White House. We don't have time to worry about changing that law either. The fact is, go save some lives and do some real serious law enforcement. Stop trying to justify. We want to condition the people to go in the speed limit. What a joke that is. And what they've done in this town because of the paranoia, instead of like real cities made your markets like Chicago and Detroit and like rent LA. Where when the highways aren't jam packed like in the middle of the day and people are going, you know, 75 and a 55 and everybody in the cops are going by like your standing still because they create what is called a traffic flow. That's why there is no flow of traffic here because you got some people going 90. Some people going 30. Some guy in his little brown Toyota going 25 in the middle lane or in the left hand lane. There is no traffic flow because everybody out here does this sit their own thing. And I don't ever ever see any of those people being pulled over by the way. The ones that are going like crawling around causing other people to make to make hazardous decisions that cause accidents. It's these old farts and these banana boat people with their unsafe cars that are going 25 miles an hour in the middle of the interstate forcing other people to take drastic action getting frustrated. They're the ones who caused the accidents. In fact, most of the time they believe you want to be an in the accident because they're half a mile behind it by the time it happens. But give me a big lecture in a song and a dance about how dear you think that you're going to you know, flaunt the law. Right. Flop this. We're paying his god damn salary and he's given me a lecture on what my attitude ought to be. How do you like that? That's the best part. You're paying his salary. And if he wants to stand there in the middle of the road with his god damn radar gun and hands on your life and it goes a lot of stress too by the way, which every time you see a pig. Oh yeah, we want to condition you. That's right. You want to condition the public all right to mistrust you is what you want to do. But blame it on me because I'm a bad guy with a chip on my shoulder. Right. Yeah, you're John just. That's right. I'll look at it. That's what's my excuse. Well, you're not Chinese. And see, when somebody will call up and will with that kind of a militant attitude, who's going out of his way to twist what I'm saying to try to try to make me look like some kind of an outlaw say because I don't want to be the obedient, beautiful citizen who thinks that everybody should do according to the letter of the law. The god damn presidents up there getting blow jobs from 21 year old girls, which most of us don't give a crap about that. His business. But for crying out loud, we're supposed to all worry about the letter of the law. This is probably the same kind of guy who would tell you that if they come to your window tonight, they're looking into window to make sure you're doing it in the missionary position with your wife or husband or both as the case may be. Otherwise, you're going to take you off to the goddamn gas chamber. That's the kind of mentality this guy's got. Hey, who are you to know better than the law? Exactly. That's right. Keep it out of there. Yes, sir. Error. The blueprints of this, you have the right to remain. But yeah, more like silent, but definitely they're cheap. That's right. The funny is foul up. True. And plungers are all captured on this must have two hour home bidding. Oh man, all the action, all the adventures, all the pre-sick eruptions that got cut out of the original TV series. Hey, sir, you sure you want to think I'm right with this TV camera falling off the ground? Oh yeah, you're right. The blueprints of this. What are today? Here's the coconut growth. Hello. Hey, how about a lack of police the duty here? I got mugged down here in the grove few months ago. That's right, I believe. Oh, yeah, right. Up to the guys' review. Two weeks after I got out of the bathroom, fall for a cataract replacement, right? Isn't that much peripheral vision? Yeah. Up to the guys' review mirror on the outside, that's your door. And two guys got out beat my ass. Really? Literally. In front of like five or six people, I had to go into the door to call 911 myself. Yeah. The cops show up and they don't want to go after this guy. Oh, you know the guy's name? I don't know the guy's name. I just got mugged. They sat around with their thumbs up there. Correct them. Correct them. And yeah, just ask me a bunch of questions. This has been what? Four or five months. No wait a minute. Well, you said you had to go into seven eleven to make the call? In a food spot. In a food spot. In a food spot. Well, maybe they were refreshing. They were making new coffee in there while they were, you know, you were wearing a coffee. I think they just brought in a fresh batch of donuts. Yeah. Exactly. But you know, meanwhile, the next day I had surgery to replace the the retina on the backside of my eye. Yeah. I'm blind out of it. And I'm going to the state attorney's office, set up to the detective department at our illustrious police department downtown. They've done nothing. Uh-huh. You guys are curious. Well, the two busy count on the traffic tickets. Exactly. I have a great day, pal. Good luck to you. You'll need it. Just like that Johnny Versace business baby, of course, on the beach. And according, they have changed the law now over there. They changed the way the system. In the pawn shop, said, I'm going to bring Johnny Versace back when Andrew Kahnanna was running around out there in a wide open and signing his name and showing his passport. And all the other crap. There are some more good police work for it. They did a beautiful job on it. But then again, he was only a murderer. He was only a serial killer or a spree killer or whatever the hell it is. They'll be depending on which shrink you listen to. He was just running around a country killing people. And so even though somebody said, of course, he was, you know, both only facts. So that's not all important anyway, I guess. But there you go. I mean, we don't, we go want to catch up on that because we don't have a computerized. Well, they do now. They do now because the focus of the, the light of the universe was on and what an embarrassing bunch of crap that was it sat around for days and days on somebody's desk until they could review it and take a look at it. And the pawn shops slip too. Yeah, go scare those old parts and get them off the road for crisis. Let them turn in their driver's licenses. I don't want to mention that my mother's got friends who were like 125 years old. I get six year renewals automatically in the mail. People that can't hear people that can't see people are like, got infosema. People that can't get their head up to the bottom of the steering wheel. But they're getting them six year renewals and their drivers license. You'll never, ever, ever, ever see those people pulled over off the road. Never going to happen, man. Not in your lifetime or mine, which they probably those people over one who will curtail our lifetimes and wind up killing us out there and they got them highway. You just better, you better be more obedient, Mr. This guy. He was he was the best. Thank you so much by the way, sir. Thank you for being the inspiration for my life. And of course, it's only Neo Rogers that makes those comments because Neo Rogers once got arrested for some silly thing that they threw up. But nevertheless, Neo Rogers has got a grudge. Nobody else makes jokes about cops that are making a coffee and eating doughnut. That's something Neo Rogers invented. Right. Right. Just keep trying to, you know, shift the argument. Just keep trying to like out the skate and cover up your tracks or officer. You're full of crap and everybody knows it. Everybody knows it. And let me say it again. Go to any civilized country, which, of course, leads out most of this hemispheres of maybe Canada. Go to any civilized country and walk around on the streets and see what kind of environment you got and while we're looking at the driving. Go to Toronto and see what a real city is all about. Find out what life is all about is, approach to this goddamn police state. For every time you fart, they're going to drag your ass in because they got because we then of course, the more farters we got and the more it's pops, more criss-crossed we got. Then of course, we can throw those people in jail cells and let the murderers in the arsonist and the axe murderers out because the jail's are overcrowded poor babies and they're not getting trees square meals a day. Here's Kendall. Hello. Hi, are you? Okay, sir. I got a story for you. I think you actually, I think you can love this. I'm driving down Sheridan Street. This is a few years back. And they have the police out there and they're a little, you know, a cact force getting ready to take it everybody. You got the guns on them. So it pulls me over. If you're going 40 in a school zone. And I said to the guy, I don't see a school zone sign. It goes, well, I can't help but if you didn't see it, you're going 40 in a school zone. So I'm thinking, well, maybe I did miss it. It gives me the ticket. I drive up a block and a half and there's the school about 2, 3rds under construction. Yeah. Oh, I love it. Isn't that great? Yeah, but some did is going to be a little kid running around or something. Look, this goes right back to what the cops said. He wants to condition you and to driving slowly because in a few months, maybe two years, there's going to be a real school there. That's right. So we're trying to do your favor and give you condition to obeying the law. Right. So I say to myself, well, obviously, I'm going to go to court on this. Yeah. So I get my court date in six, seven weeks in a way from that. I got to court the court room full of people, you know, and your figure and this is going to take me two thirds of today. But I'm going to sit here and I'm going to tell the judge this story. And I'm watching people go up there and they're telling the judge and it turns out that almost the old, the whole courtroom where people from that day at that spot. And the judge here's five or six people, seven people and he finally says, who else was here for this? Almost the whole court who raises their hand. They did a hell of a job. Right. So the judge says, oh, well, he says, well, I'm going to charge everybody 32, 50 and court costs and dismiss everything. And I hear people going, oh, that's great. Now I'll get an upgrade to go out and pay the clerk. I raised my hand, it's your honor. You're asking me to pay 32 and 50 cents for something I didn't do. And he gets this look on his face like how dare you challenge me? Yeah. And he says, that's exactly what I'm telling you to do. I'd like a jury trial. I did not just to shot in the dark. And then a guy way in a back. Hey, yeah, me too. Jump in there. And then another guy over and he says, yeah, how will go up? We're going to pay 32 and 50 cents. We're all here for the same thing. Obviously, he's police screwed up. The judge slams his gallbled down on the desk. He says, everybody for here for this get out of my court room. And so we want it. All right. Beauty, nice job, pal. Take care, buddy. Don't do it again. All right. Okay. How do you like that? He was going to give him a discount. Man, like, oh, yeah, we only had to pay 32, 50 and leave it up for this guy to have the balls, which most people don't. Let me say it again. Next time you get a ticket call a ticket defense team. Okay. That's what I do. I think I've had maybe two tickets in last six or seven years. Both would rate our, of course, of course. And both, and yes, I have been pulled over two or three times for a speeding, a late at night in plantation. And they always say have a nice day and don't do it again. So it's not a personal grudge. The plantation cops have always been very nice to me. But it just generally speaking, this whole, this whole concept of hustling the public is, I mean, you know, maybe if we could afford the luxury of doing it, if it was like a sideline, if we had no other crime, and we figured, well, you know, might as well do something like that. Other guy said, because they're bored. Maybe then you could understand it. Over you have vandalism, underbeguided in street corny. You got punks running loose on the streets where you got people emerging people on street corners where you got people of being held up in shopping mall parking lots, where you have people shooting each other over parking spaces. And you'll look around as there are cops anywhere. Oh, no, he's busy on high edus there with a radar gun. But go ahead and you'll have a nice day. And guess what? You can, if there's any cops out there that think that because I do that, would you ever do this on a year for years? Because I say these things, you're going to write me a ticket, go right ahead, be my guest. I haven't paid a traffic ticket in this day. I don't think any kind of a ticket in this for a year, maybe a 15, 20 years. Because I call it ticket defense team, they get a throne out because more often than not, it's bogus and good luck to you. But if it'll make you feel better, maybe that pork roll, be sitting out here when I leave again today. Where were they going? Yeah, here's a mobile in four-later day. Hello. Yeah, I know. Yes, sir. Yeah, I got too quick cops for you. I'm stopped at 15 yourself in late words about 10, like I can run it up to the car trying to tell me crack. Right, dry, it's finally you get away with that. I got guys that were a German Italians. Yeah, and I finally get away from them. And I get pulled over for obstructing traffic. Yeah. And I tell the cop, I see them guys were standing in front of my car on the side of my car trying to tell me, drugs. He says, we're not dealing with crack today. We're dealing with traffic. And then the second story, this was not a crack day, sir. It was a traffic day. You better get your days to the week right. It's like, today was crack macaroni and cheese day. Tomorrow will be crack day or crack day. Right. And then the next time you'll be doing it day, yes. The second one, I'm driving on 95, doing 75 miles an hour. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I get pulled over. Another call that gets pulled over right next to me doing 110 miles an hour. He gets out of the car. He shows his bed. They shake hands. He gets back in his car and drive away. I say to the cop, I said, how do you let him go away driving 110 to come to me? You say one more way, I'm going to put your agent in jail. There you go. That's been mouth. Yes, sir. Yeah. That's the way it goes out there. I want to condition you to be in a good obedient virginia. Like, you're that's it, pal. That's right. All right. Thank you Neil. Don't do it again. Okay. I guess I better not tell him. I was the one on the bed. Only one South Florida radio station has the hammer and you're listening to it. It's over. We've been after noon to two sports radio five 60 Q A M. They say our love is taboo. If what we're doing is wrong. But I don't care what they say. It's because my love is so strong. They tell us we should be ashamed. Well, that hurts but then why? But I've cherish each moment with you. I'm so glad you're in my life. You're my prison bitch my prison bitch. You're not a lie, God of men. I'm glad we share a prison cell. When lights go out at 10. I can't accept who I feel, now that will get right. As long as I am doing you are done by you and God. Call to your father. There's a bitch my prison bitch. And I have your little regret. I got you for a candy bar and a pack of cigarettes at first through the world. But now you are my friends. I knew that I would kiss you in the end. That's how you live on my prison girl. I'm hoping to take your prison cord, and your up than mission. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh ... NO! When I get out, I'm dead, you're so threatened. I know my prison bitch, my prison bitch, I'll never take a bite. You'd like a little bit of a burger too bad, they had two times. On the second part I feel like you want to hear. Your twisted is never needed. I personally would have been so mean, but now you're my soul man. No, I don't know, I don't know, I don't know. I'm a criminal. You're not the criminal when you're always the police. The police. Hey! Oh, oh! Hi, Felicia. Gee, I love your dress and your hair looks so shiny and manageable. Are you still shampooing with head and shoulders? I got you. I thought you'd been having shoulders a long time ago. I mean, honestly, you'd grow hair on their shoulders anyway. Yeah, right. So what are you using now? Well, it's like head and shoulders only without all those additive. It's just, well, Chad, let's film about it. Here else? If you tie your thumbs up, okay? I'm so happy to have a second and be with you. Chad, Chad, don't remember what I said. Chad, you're feeling better if you get some heads. Wow. What are you talking about? I get that. Lots of places, chicks. You can stop by my place later and I'll be happy to give you the chance. In 50 minutes, I'll have you shampooed, siled, and blown dry. Gee, you don't miss a link, do you? Yeah, it's a potential. It's a great, but is it expensive? Not at all, chicks. I'd rather says there are places down town where you can get head for less than $10. Jolly, that's that price. Everyone should be getting heads. That's right, Jack. When you say head, you set a mouthful. Hi, I'm Dr. Raymond Fulatti. From prison all industry. You should get head first at Lubocky each limp hair follicle, leading in a wrecked listening shaft. Then the scalp's natural oils are sucked out of the root, leading your hair soft shone. And exhaustive. Nothing does the job like head. Great. Can I get head for my hairdresser, Bruce? Probably, but you might want to try your girlfriend first. Go out and get some heads today. Take care of your work. Go the mama all night. Yeah, yeah. Go the better and you'll feel per risk. Yeah, can you get head for a lucky tip? Want hair with less of volume? Nothing gets it up like head. Available or price, you won't find hard to swallow. And it's going down every day. Connie, we're out of step. Can you go out and get some heads? What did you say? I said, I want you to go out and get heads. Oh, thank you. Sweet Jesus. I'm going down down. And head makes a great holiday gift. Last Christmas, my wife gave me some heads. Then I gave her a pearl necklace. I've never seen her so choked up. My girlfriend used to give me heads. Then we got married. Now I'm lucky if I get dirt and lotion in a national dress. I'm 25, and we'll find out stuff. Can't be in the sun. My love your stop is 10,000 dollars. You wanna pump in hands alone. I want to go out and get some heads. If we try it out, you'll get some heads. Can you get some heads? I'm feeling so can't you let me know. The one I said can't get me a better than you get some heads. The thing I better get you get some heads. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh, oh. Oh, oh. Head shampoo. Come on. Give it a shot. No. I air looks great. You're the man. You're the man. Kim Bocafrotalk sports. Lee-Hands right near. I'm sportsman. You'll find 66, A-M. I'm. Help you, D-A-M. I'm a good boy, D-A-M. There was no farmer who lived on the rock. He's adding the metal just to get some boys who were down by the prick. They're beating the water. They're in on their marbles and waving them at half past four. Their team are young ladies. She looked like a pretty young creature. She sat on the grass. She pulled up for dress and she showed them her rumbles and leaps. And white-flop feet done. She said she was learning the new way to bring up her children. So they would not spin. The boys in the far yard were shoveling. Reped you standing there from yesterday's hunt. While the girl in the middle was rubbing her eye that the fellow down by the duck. He looked like a man with a side of the hole in the country. Will the pig fence out front? If he has to phone like Lee-Hands, he showed him her little pet dog who was subject to pit. And maybe she's left in grab hold of her small tender and with the movement so quick. And then she bent over and sucked out his candy so tasty made of butter scum. And then he spread whipped cream all over her coat. She had that down on her shelf. If they've this dirty you can go to yourself. The problem is all inside of it she said to me. Looking at the reviews he used practice or a lead. You must enhance your full play, kind of a leave and must be 50 ways to reach another. 50 ways to reach another. I've found out a bag, Jackie. Go down to the plant, man. You the vibrating toy roll. Just listen to me. Quickly out the bench. Don't get your mouth out of the food where! Small capital tea. To send somebody. I said I've treat that act with the utmost disdain. To go south with the mouth I'm sorry. I'm afraid. But if you insist. Then would you please explain about the 50 ways to reach another? 50 ways to reach another. Just kiss on a trip, GM. Bucking up on a bee, see. He hit me to that bag. Listen to me. Don't allow to muck. Just give it enough touch. Small capital tea. We're discussing the really important segment on 60 minutes. Not before Mayor Swar has made a jackass out of himself which we're used to. And that's the segment about Vernon Jordan. Who be the good friend of the president. And very interestingly, you hear about the bleaks that we have to use. I'm different things because they get real up tight on the certain shows on the station because they're much immature posses. But at any rate, so last night Michael Mike Wallace was talking to different people about Vernon Jordan. He refused to be interviewed for this piece so to speak. And at any rate, they were quoting Vernon Jordan. When they asked him about what are you and a president talk about when you're out there golfing. You know, when you're riding around on the cart like Casey, what's his name? And Mike Wallace said the word and they bleet. I mean, they put it up bleet. It was like. D. Right, there you go. I don't have one of those. My bad that long. I have a short one. But anyway, the word that they were trying to say was. See is the word. How do you like that? That's what Vernon Jordan and the president talk about when they get together. Because they both think will analyze. They both screw around a lot. They talk about. See is what it is. They said that were three different times on air. And the bleet kept it kept getting longer and longer. Almost as long as the president knows. It was incredible. To be ever. If you know, sadly, nothing is seen. He's got that big red one sticking out and his nose is getting long too. I'm going to get to my thing about the Domino's pizza delivery before. And you know something. This was the most important story of the whole last week. The most important story of that for us. This was not about the president getting this thing. Sock Duryad. This was not about dropping bombs on who's saying. He was running around from house to house. Like, oh, and then of course last night we had our big 60 minutes thing with Mayor Swaris. As we get embarrassed one more time from coast to coast and pillow to post. Here's a man who is absolutely belongs in a rubber room somewhere in a straight jacket. And he's the mayor of this town and leave it to Steve Crop in the people on 60 minutes to finally expose their sham. And his garbage. And nobody here cares because like the one guy on their said, the average voter in the city of mine is a 63 year old Cuban woman with no teeth and no spaghetti in glaze. And those are the only people who vote in the city of Miami. And that's why we got to you there. And he also made a comment. This is a third world but under Republic and haven't I been saying that for years. Yes, I have. Thank you sir. Some bearded professor from FIU. That was great. That was a great piece. And the Steve Crop says, yes, is it gotten as bad as it possibly can't get any worse. And he said, no, he said, no, it'll get worse. I mean, we've only got people that are dead. This is worse than Dick daily. And any other dick you can think of. We got dead people voting. We got civilians of all these bad ballots. And nobody is again, the Carl highest in the actually made seem a little humorous last night on 60 minutes. And that's quite an accomplishment because he's almost as funny as they very like that big story of the week about the dominoes piece of lorid didn't want to deliver in a certain part of town because it was dangerous. And right off to bat. Oh, well, that's an ethnic thing. Maybe it's a, yeah, it's bigotry and the court ruled that they got a deliver there. Even though we have we find out in the story, which we saw on the TV on a local news, we have places, pieces of delivery people in Miami who won't deliver to certain parts of like Liberty City, or over time because it's too dangerous. But the court says you got to deliver there. If you deliver someplace else, you got to take your life at your hand. So you like that. A lot of times these muggers are the ones calling the pizza guy. Right ordering out for money, right? And then waiting for him. How about those kids that time man was it New Jersey or somewhere that just killed the pizza delivery guy just for something to do? I mean, don't do that. Well, as the pizza's cold and really bad for Christ's kids. So what are we going to do about these pizza people that don't want to deliver in certain areas? I say we give them a medal. The idea that the court is going to tell me if I work in pop a delivery guy for some pizza joint or any other kind of a joint that I have to go to a neighborhood that's so dangerous that my life is in jeopardy. You know what I would do? I tell the judge you go deliver it. Here you go. Here's a pepperoni with extra cheese. You go deliver it asshole and see how fast he puts his stupid ass in jeopardy over there. Even art Fleming and Alex Trebek wouldn't go in at joint. I think it was NASA, which is supposed to be near like Riviera Beach or single-runnerable find out from the audience. I never heard of such a joint. Here's a lady. I know NASA on a Bahamas. I know how dangerous that is and believe me. I'm not delivering no pizzas there. Lady and Miami. Hello. Now they're going to have to pay combat pay dominance. Uh huh. The rear is going. Pretty like that. I don't at all. I don't like that at all. It's ridiculous. I think that's another reason to get mama murris. I think that's a reason. Yeah. So you don't put anybody in jeopardy. Uh huh. I was calling to see if you'd seen that 60 minutes piece. Yes I did. I just I can't I'm listening to Sly's sit down and deny things that are so obvious. Like oh no there's nobody in my administration who's used up legal charges. Oh what about this? Nobody. There's first these. It's not three commissioners. Two Mara Metro commission. No only one of ours and the city manager and this one and that one and all his other cronies that he does. stuck in there. And the thing about the money laundering about oh well you make it so like it's for drugs. Oh well it's more for drugs for the service. Yeah but don't make it so like it's for drugs. That's what that would be awful. Oh this is this is just unbelievable. If they don't get to sky out of there. If they don't recall him or have another election then there ought to be like a massive protest like 24 hours a day in the city of Miami. Nothing else was just for embarrassing if it's a heavy entire country. That's right. And of course the whole area has to suffer. I mean all of us who live here. We know that the city itself is nothing but a stupid bit in any public. But the fact that all of South Florida has to suffer our image which is bad enough already is a slaughterhouse. Because Mayor Suarez is doing bad drug or something. I mean to hell with it. And then of course then I love what he says to see. Crop when they played the tape of his threatening message to the hero member that. Right. And he threatened to pull all the cities and out of the hero. And then he says oh well you know it was a. And it wasn't good but you could tell from the ton I was just joking. Right. And you could see it when you could hear what he serious. Yeah. Seriously. Is this serious asshole always was. You know what I overheard. You and George talking about curling. Yeah. Peace on Sunday morning on CBS about the history of it and how it works. I was watching it. Turns out the whole thing was embedded in Scotland. Can't get far. Or is it a little bit. I have my assels wearing the kills probably. When when all they had was frozen. Lates and and granite stones and up and else to do. So you figured that's what that's what a whole day came. You know something you watched this whole thing. And it's a part of the mention before not only are the events themselves of farce. Very few of these events are really sports in this winter Olympics. But then for eight the silly ones like the the. What are they even call it ice dancing. And I'm a dancing. Yeah. Ice dancing and figure skating. And the constantly, especially on the CBS. He talked about how the judges are like banding together in groups. The Eastern Europeans and the French. And the whole thing is fixed. It's a joke. They do play for favorites. They always have. Especially back when there was this Soviet block. It was a toy. Well, they all do it. He used their European judges and the French and of course leave it to the French because they're a bunch of traders anywhere. They're scum. So leave it to them. They're the ones that are always you know, hovering terrorists and selling nuclear weapons to a tent world country. That's the French for you. And then they do it. So somebody fact is the article. Thank you so much from the Harold. About king and his subjects and the people of this town have been young clamoring for years for that money that Larry owes to them for years. They wanted back. I will. And millions and millions and millions that this man has made and refused to pay people like the thousands that he built them on. Well, I give it to you. Larry will make good on his old south sort of dead. He owed now this the best part of the story is which whoever facted didn't realize it could never have known less their psychic like fishbowgryphon. He owed $5,000 to see more notorious every tarried New York veterinarian. See more notorious or come to find out. This is the guy who used to a pedal his, uh, rice and lamb, but a dog food in my health food store in 1977. Over in, uh, whatever that part of town is in North. In North Miami Beach. Oh my god. And it comes to find out later in the story who died in July, 81. Well, he was a big fat guy. And people were coming to my health food store and he'd sit there next to the county. You gotta dog. That was see more. Well, anyway, he used to belly a call of time at Larry. Oh, it's five grand. Well, I give it to you. And now the whole thing is they've resutted. They've added up the interest on this thing as a result of payoff figures supposed to be 29,000 to 19 bucks because the loan was made. And then 1978, and we'll repay the principal says Larry's lawyer agent, whoever this is, but we're not going to entertain the interest or the public. I will. And the notorious died, but the daughter and law of the daughter is going to get the money. She's an inkeeper in Croton on Hudson, New York says he died broke. How do you like that? At age 67 has poor bastard died broke and Larry owed him the money. They might have kept him going for another way or two. I doubt it. Not a lot of money. She says it's the principal. I remember daddy feeling tremendously betrayed by Larry King. King will not pay $7,000 to widow, Marge Hartnett who says her late husband, former Crowe Gables mayor Fred Hartnett, senior loan to the cash in the 1960s and got stiff. I will. I give it to you. King simply doesn't remember says bear on desk, who's his lawyer, whatever. But he resents the implication that he's cheap and will pay is that. So the king of talk is offering to donate $10,000 to mommy children's hospital in the Hartnett's name says Hartnett. I love children's hospital. The money to was. I will. So there you go. You're a cheap prick. You phone even loan a ask kisser. All these years have gone by even at guy. Even at night's better and it was a good guy. Real fat though he's dead. The fat people are the dead people. You know how that goes. Here's a mobile in Miami. Sure. Hello. Hey. How you doing? Okay. I wanted to. You were talking about the 60 minutes and I tell you watch that last night and I have some pretty good laughs. You know like the line where you don't even have a post to vote Miami and all the other stuff. What's again? It's like we're embarrassed. You know like you said nationwide it was like the time magazine cover a few years ago. And now we have the ridiculous crap going on in the city. And then you know people expect crime to come under control when our leaders are pulling this kind of hijacks. I mean you know. I'm going to tell you something that really pisses me off about that and that is Carl Highson from the Harold who they made look like a real little comedian there last night. Like they very junior. He's sitting there making his little wise cracks and he writes his stupid little columns. The Harold to me are just as corrupt as any politician in the city of Miami. They were behind the metro rail and putting that over on the public. And then they slapped us in the face and told us it was a white elephant which it is. Then they got behind Mickey Harrison in this this cock and Amy deal for this new arena that is going to be built for their own profit and their own benefit. So that they can boost up the value of one hero and plant it on there by the by the waterfront. I mean the Harold is corrupt is the day as long their full of crap and he's under making all these constant little comments. If they're here with us so goddamn great and so upright how come they're not doing something about all of this that's going on. How come we don't see like massive rebellion in date County law we're waiting for the local media that will provide some leadership on it. That's a good point. I think I think I don't know what it is. Everything is a big joke to them. Well let me ask you a question. One thing I don't understand when when squares was mayor the last time. He seemed like a fairly reasonable guy. He's lost it man. He must have got some bad weed or something. He got he has totally lost it. He slipped out. It might it's he to me either two things number one he's bipolar and he's not on the right amount of medication. He's bisexual yeah or whatever or number two he's been doing something. He was like Joe Gerson if he wants it he's got a bias exactly. I mean there's just no other reason for it. Yeah well nobody cares man nobody cares about his relive and broward screw them. That's true too. Okay pal stay out of Miami. I think we need to go to the station. Oh man go to the station. There's another take up there. I'm ready for the police going. Yeah. You still want me to stay out. And I get it out. I can flip off on that if I go. I'm just not gonna do this dude. I'm just gonna do this dude. I'm just gonna do this dude. But I know the game. Here's Harry here's our news. That's a throwy name like this. And in fact that's so well thank you. You. You just got my money. So when I put you in the game he's gonna put everything. But everyone's been stuck in this game. I want to always die away. And in these covers it's all real hard. Let's go down. I'm the city star Loretta underneath. We're not boogey what going on there. Stay away from me. Josh breathes on the city semi blades of sand. Agent I'm youнn �nieanening! Josh breathes on it! Steve. He's a vacant skier with a cheap animal, I know he might be in hell if I'm the pound. Big ex-girl! Got so fat he's got this loaded! Stealing wretched pile all over the room! There's they's all the pants down his roof, just too old in all that crazy old food! Stay away from me! Josh, breathe, Bob! He thinks I dare to spit cause I like me, and I think he does. Don't come here, bitch! Josh, breathe, Bob! Come here, breathe! So, like he can't feel it, so it's like he's broken, you know? There's a demon stuff in Paul's teeth asshole. That's what me, streaks, celebrating him, 20th anniversary. And you're your host, John. That's he! Yeah, yeah, happy anniversary! They show it for you, Spike, the letter F, four! What do you mean four? Was not a fucking word, it's a fucking sub-buck! But it's talking about over here. Funny, funny, I'll give you a funny, I'm supposed to be given these fucking kids, and I get patient over here. Or do you need it? Let's stop fucking kind of languages that anyway. I got you a good try here, get in and in and out! Oh, man, just like me and Bruce. Thanks, my ass! Everybody knows about you and your pretty birthday, but couple of fucking big, it's perfect. Not around here, I've been different people with their hands up here and, ah, fuck, fuck that thing. You're a little bit more than friends, aren't you? This is from Joe Peshin. Happy anniversary, Stephanie Streaks. Man in chains, just the way I like him. And then this morning I'm coming to work and I'm all over there in plantation, which by the way I'll get to plantation. I would like to report right now that I believe that there's a trigger in the wood politics in plantation. And the call we had from the cop last week on his show, and now we have this plantation, this big thing, this is step campaign starting today, by the way, which I'll get into. These selected enforcement, traffic enforcement programs, step as in step on this. That call was from some pork or over there in plantation, is what it was all about, because this article yesterday's paper, which I appreciate somebody bringing in my attention, by the way. This is a carbon copy of that phone call we got last week. They're trying to condition us to doing this and doing it. Meantime, I come back from the track last night and it comes west on sunrise Boulevard, off the turn bike, as always. And there are people I'm going, it's 45 is the speed limit. Okay, I'm going 50, 50, whatever, which is a little bit over. People are going by me as always, 70, 75 miles an hour and sunrise Boulevard. And I say you people need mental help, including you, you're telling me that you were one of those people going 70 miles an hour and sunrise last night, well, 65, 70. I don't usually do 70 until I get on the, you know, palm. Mental help by this cop and you don't, okay, there's nobody else on the road. And that, yeah, okay, I don't run any road. Another one that the guys talking about that wants to make it up as you go along. There's nobody else on the road. You're going to go 70 on a residential street. That's nice. Well, you know that 400 just gets away from me. Yeah, I know it's true. I see that I'm lucky. I only drive it in Corvette. That can only go 155 miles an hour. You've got that big powerful Fortrunner. I mean, I can't compare with that. A lot of rumors about this station by the way. We'll get into that. So anyway, getting back to this thing. Well, first of all, there's only rumors before I get into the thing about the plantation porters. There are massive rumors about this place being sold. This radio station, or maybe I'm not sure if it's just this station, or if it's a kiss in the power 96 also, all three of them. The bee's leaf properties. And what we have to say to that is, oh, my God, are we praying? We got our legs crossed. We got our eyes crossed. We got our fingers crossed. We got our nostrils crossed. I'm even wearing a cross. I'm rubbing my rosary beads right now. I'm going to lay some to fill in whatever else I can get my hands on. Any kind of a we're going to rub by the Buddha on the head. Hey, listen. Well, sooner or later, we'll get the leprechaun and the rub his head to a little bit. We'll get some lucky goddamn charms as what we'll do anything that might make that come true. Oh, God, would that be something? Halle, Luya, set us free, please. Whoever you are out there, the rumored buyers, which I don't want to say too much about it. Because once these things start leaking out, you can screw it all up. So I don't want to say too much. But the rumors are running rampant. You don't think that's the reason that we're just kind of sitting here like in limbo. Because you know that nobody who's a real broadcaster in their right mind would be running this place this way. So maybe that's so what really is in the wind here. Not that I want to get anybody pair of noise in psychotic. It works for measly read being such an upstanding company like they are. Oh, man. Anyway, this ties in so directly, not that I'm paranoid, but it ties in so exactly with that militant psychotic call that we had on this show last Friday or Thursday. I guess it was Friday. And it was in yesterday's scum sentence. Right on the heels of that conversation. Plantation where I just happened to live in half for many years now. Plantations break BRAKE with tradition. Police departments planned a halt motor risk to ignore traffic laws. I want you to listen to this because even if you don't live in plantation, they should give you an idea of the mentality that we're dealing with here. Motorists who drive through the city of plantation should be extra careful to obey the law this month. Starting Tuesday, meaning today. The plantation police department will clamp down on drivers of ignore speed limits. Run red lights, tailgate, don't wear seat belts. Don't signal or otherwise break the rules of the road patrol officers in police cruisers and undercover vehicles will be armed with radar and ticket books along all major roadways and schools zones in the city. Airbie driver, they see, listen to this. Airbie driver, they see breaking the law. We'll get a warning. Many will receive tickets. Starting today, if you violate a traffic law, you're going to be stops. And police captain Keith Hilgen felt who oversees the department's road patrol and motorcycle officers. The monthlong sting, dub these, no a sting. It's a sting. They're stinging it. You feel it. They're stinging it. Dub these selective traffic enforcement programs. Step, how clever is aimed at discouraging careless driving and decreasing the city's high accident rates? Plantation log more than 3000 motor vehicle accidents in 1997. According to Sergeant Frank Rubino of these more than 480 result in injuries, we had 15 fatalities in 1996 and 6 last year. That is outrageous. Helgen felt said, how do you like that? You said not only was it unacceptable, but was that salutely outrageous? That's what he said. We have a problem and we intend to address that problem. Rubino said far too high percentage of drivers, choose to drive in any manner they desire. Is this all starting? I want you to listen to the verbiage here. Far too high a percentage of drivers, choose to drive in any manner they desire with a belief that there was a low risk for enforcement. In many cases, Helgen felt said, the people who complained the loudest about terrible drivers are the same ones who later get ticketed. Police chief CE Sonny Sherrad Jr said the point is not to see how many tickets we can write for revenue or statistics but to educate. The hope is that once people get used to driving safely along the city's major roads, they will maintain their good driving habits on smaller residential streets. After netting violators to the next three to four weeks plans, police plan to reinstate the program several times a year end of quote end of story. If that doesn't sound like a carbon copy of the conversation we had with that militant and the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the progress, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, and progress, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, and Live away, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the public, the Now, I applaud. I'm all for pulling over dangerous drivers. People are running red lights. People are running stop signs. Not maybe like not making a complete stop. But people are running stops on people speeding in school zone. I'm coming this morning to work out here on a honey hole road. And I'm slowing down. Now, the granted those lights have a work since we had the big storm a couple of weeks ago. But any jackass can see what those see those people with the straps, the orange straps on standing on the corners, helping the little kids across the street, those traffic, whatever they call that means their school in section. And the science is very clearly school zone 8 to 9 a.m. And I'm coming here 25 to 9 or 29 this morning. And I'm slowing down to my 50 miles an hour. And there's this big a shfarts are in a big truck behind me. And this guy's like practically pushing me because he's so pissed off. Because I'm going 15 miles an hour right on the dot. Well, it's a skull zone you asshole. And there's people speeding through their identity. They'll begin any tickets of course. People going 70 miles an hour on sunrise. Like I said, 80 miles an hour on sunrise and Howard Boulevard. People running those lights that I've been talking about forever. And of course, this business, they're going to be equipped with radar and ticket books. Well, that sounds like more the same to me. And if you have already, you know, why don't you get the speed limits like on height? Is there up to where they belong? Like 45 instead of 35. And then none of us would have who are in all responsible. But have any problem with that? But it's very obvious to me that some of those speed limits are said artificially low. So that they can do what they've been doing for years. Maybe that's why they have so many fatality and so many accidents. If they have been doing a good job of getting the really dangerous drivers off the road and they're sitting there with too many goddamn speed traps. What a concept in plantation, huh? What a concept. And sitting around by my house a couple of blocks away off the under of trees under Malaluka trees. Wait and see if all four wheels on your car kingdom will full stop, but it came to that stop sign. And maybe some of those trees got trimmed back by the way. So you could see absolutely clear in every direction there. Maybe that might be a little help too. Instead of having big branches of trees hanging out in the middle of the street. So you couldn't see somebody coming if you're like dependent on it at certain intersections. But this sounds like a millipent. It sounds exactly like this porcupine that called here and it was on a Broward line by the way. And I'd be willing to bet a lot of money if I could get my bed in which I doubt. But I wouldn't love to bet a lot of money that it was the same porcupine at this whole thing as an offshoot of this show. Wouldn't surprise that a lot of me. We're going to show you you, Fagget. We're going to show you a thing or two. And we'll hang out there right in and by the way, if you also want to help save some life. How about it? It's really nice to see a plantation finally got that light up there at 118th Avenue in sunrise Boulevard. But you know something? It's been up there for weeks and all that does is flash and flash. It flashes yellow and it flashes red. That's all it does. It doesn't change anything. It's no different than it was before because there are stop signs on the north end of 118th and some of the south end on both sides of that intersection. So if you would put that light in the motion, put it into a work and get it working. And make it a regular stop light would like a real red light would certainly help the control traffic and also stop people trying to pull out of there and make a left turn and get and killed. But I realize I understand we're pushing a little bit too hard. You want to make this a beating. Thought a case of writing business. We want to make you old beading like the guy. So we want to condition you to doing things right. Right. Like you're going to condition dangerous drivers and truck drivers into doing things right. Okay. Let's try Miramar. Hello. Yes sir. All right. Oh my god. I thought it was my radio. Thank god it's only your signal. Yeah. Sounded like the radio. I mean thank god it's only my signal is an accurate. Anyway about the pork situation. I hope first on the list are these cops when they're off duty and in their private cars that drive around. No they're not going to sir. What do you mean wasting your time with it? They're not going to be first on the list. They're not going to be on the list. You know what? They're not going to be on the list. You know that. And their family members that just cause they have one of those little badges on their kidneys that they can drive anyway they want. Well that's all part of that whole thing that that whole for a turn order police business and all that stuff you put on the bumper. I mean if people really don't get stuff because they're wearing that stuff that's one of the biggest hoaxes in this remain kind. That asshole that caught you last week is probably at the top of the list of the guys that drive around and we've in between trafficking. But how do you know that? Well because they're all like that these cops. Yeah. They drive. They think they're above the law. They can't afford the law but they don't have to abide by it. Okay have a great day pal. Here's Miami. Hello. Hi. I'm according to the law as turned on January 1st that anyone that does not have you put on cookie full-double without doing something else. It just started this year. Well it was an accurate. Yeah because when I had to go to trash can go back on January 7th and I brought that point out the guy down on that anymore January 1st if you're caught without the police police. If you're caught without a seatbelt. Yep. I wanted to do anything. Oh my god. I got it. I got it to do. I got it to go on by some sharm and today because I don't think I got the right kind of toilet paper in my house either. There you go. Thanks for the good news. Any cold things? Yes. Can I sing this for a question? Yeah. It's happening to the call. Chinese don't get the judge in the long story. The Chinese don't get to put a chicken in the arm with their willier. All right. Okay I'll work on a thing. I'll be a Roger show sports radio. 560's. 2A. Hands. Yeah. Couldn't father do this on for sale. Yeah. Yeah. Uh huh. Uh huh. We saw a name. I took. Pajik. Uh. I just thought I was going to talk to someone named who. Oh. Who? Okay. Hold on. Okay. Uh. Hello. Have this. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Hello. Who's speaking? Huh? Uh. Hello. Can you hear me? Yes. Uh. You got a restaurant for sale? Huh? Uh. How much you want for the song? Well you come here to look at it and talk to the boss. I come over maybe eat dinner with you. Okay. Uh. Does a duck price include all the walks? Huh? Huh? Come on. Okay. You're Chinese. Yes. Okay. You're so... I'm going to the shop. What do you want? Go. I'll go. I'll go. You want to go? Huh? Yes. I'm going to the shop. You're going to the shop? Okay. I'll go to the shop. I'll come over and pick it up and look at the restaurant. Okay. Okay. Uh. You know. Do you know what I'm saying? I'm going to the shop. Do you know what I'm saying? I know. Uh. Do you want to find a soulmate? I'll go. Huh? You're going to the shop? Okay. I'll go. Okay. I'll go. Then they'll come over. I'll go. Huh? There's a mobile and Hollywood. Yes, sir. How you doing? Okay. Hopefully I turn out better than the others. No. You... You can get this a lot of tickets for everybody else. It's a huge trap. I just got three of them. I've been doing what? Getting a lot of tickets. No, I have not. I haven't had a ticket in years. Well, do you talk about a lot? Yeah. That's the cop. I talk about it a lot because I don't think that that's law enforcement is having speed traps. Yeah. That's not law enforcement. I agree. I get them all the time. But what would you say if I gave you a suggestion how you yourself can change the system? Yeah. If you would promote, because you know, it's never going to run the road to see a speed trap. And somebody in the opposite direction has the headlight sample linking in warning. Which is against the law, by the way. It is. I'm just putting your headlight on. Oh, that's okay. But if you would promote something like that. I mean, it's against the law, but we all should be doing it. I always have promoted that. It is. And the cop, that's the cop will pull you over and give you a ticket for that, too, by the way. They get very pissed off of you do that. What? What? All that broken. I think this can't give you a ticket because I feel like I'm not doing that. Well, who knows? I have no idea. Because your school and were there again, don't you understand? They resent that. That's why they resent me because I've been talking for weeks now about the, the silly stop sign police implantation. And about the, the radar traps on hiatus road. So now they're taking it out on me and they're going to take it out on everybody else. Because they're pissed off over there. Somebody peed in their coffee at the food spot, I guess. Yeah. I have a little bit of a doubt. For as long as I can remember on this show, you've done these pig reports, where people call in and they, they tell us wherever there are speed traps. We put it right on the air. That's the best thing that I could do in the middle. Continue doing it. How would they be a previous ticket though, just for putting a headlight on? You're asking me? Who knows? All I know is that they do threatened. They, they pull people over. They, you know, make them psychotic because for whatever reason, they say that they, you're not supposed to do that. Just like they say that you're supposed to wear the seat belt. And they say that you're not supposed to pick your nose with the index finger of your right hand. Only your left. Have a great day sir. Put on my seat belt yesterday when I left here for the first time at a long time. Just to see what it was like wearing a seat belt. I don't like it. I hate it. Very constricting. It's very uncomfortable. But of course, in this town since most people are, see, this is like they got a call from Massachusetts yesterday about what Jerry Williams did on a radio years ago. And you got the seat belt law repealed in the federal government intimidated them and made him put it back in, reinstated the law. The government's got no business. We'd hard telling you what to do inside your car. Any more than they have to tell you what to do inside your house. The only thing they can tell you what to do inside your house is you don't like beat up your, pet or your kids or your wife or anybody else because that affects somebody else. And just like the example I used yesterday, the government's tell you what kind of toilet paper you got to use or which hand to wipe with, it's no different. Oh, but it's for your safety. No, it's not for your safety. It's just another way that you give up freedom and let the government in true where they have no business. How about letting the government send inspectors to your house at night to see who's doing what in the bedroom, huh? I don't see a hell of a lot of difference. It's none of their business. It's insurance company bull crap. It's revenue raising bull crap. And you cops and plantation I got news for you. I'm wearing my seat belt. Aren't I? I hear yes I am. And I understand I wasn't even homeless. I understand it was a plantation pork repart right in the corner and I'm pulled somebody over for, not coming to a full stop at the stop sign there right by my house right by the house. What a coincidence. Doesn't phase me in the least. And this obnoxious arrogant prick that called issue on Friday. And I wouldn't be surprised if it's this hildgun felt guy because his quotes, you know, the more I read, I got this one little column from yesterday's for a Monday's paper. And the more I read it in his one line in many cases, Hildgun felt said the people who complained the loudest about terrible drivers of the same ones who later get ticketed. Who could he be referring to? Yeah. Yeah. Who is he referring to? The people who complained the loudest about bad drivers who who is that? You open your window. Do you hear anybody out there complaining? Later get ticketed. She I hate to break the news to you sergeant, whatever your name is. Captain, sergeant, no time for sergeant. But I happen to be a damn good driver in a safe and responsible driver. And even though I got a car that'll go very, very fast, I get a drive very, very fast. And yes, I do resent when people go by me. There are a couple of things that really piss me off. Number one, when I'm trying to go close to the speed limit, and somebody is right on my ass tailgating because they're trying to push me because I'm not going fast enough to suit them. And if I'm speeding, if I'm going seven miles over the speed limit, they're right on my ass because I'm not going fast enough for them. I'm not getting the ticket to make them happy, okay? Top credit. If you want to pass me around two WL lines, go right ahead and take your chances, baby. But I'm not speeding up to make you happy. And the other thing is when I'm going like 52 and a 45 on sunrise, and some asshole like George goes by me 75 miles an hour on sunrise Boulevard, that really frost my ass. I go with the flow. I was a link on that. When I'm going, if anybody else is on the road. If I were, when I'm going 70 on the turnpike where the speed limit is 65, I'm not about what I'd rather I'm 70 in a 65 and nothing wrong with that. And somebody goes by me, go to 95 miles an hour. And I never ever see any of those people get it pisses me off because those people are a menace. You people are crazy. And yes, you should be getting tickets. But the problem is they're not the ones who get the tickets, baby. The ones who get the speeding tickets are the ones who get caught in all these little radar traps that we set up. So don't give me a song and a dance about you trying to say, why have you tried to condition people? The drugs continue driving drunk and getting their licenses back. And the chronic high speeders continue driving 85, 90, 100 miles an hour. And you know it, nine o'clock. So go freshen up the coffee at the food spot in plantation and cut the crap because you're not full on me. You're not full on anybody else. And your sure is how not intimidated me. You can make as many phone calls to this shows you want. Doesn't phase me in the least. But I'll be wearing my seatbelt. Slow down in plantation. By the way, you don't want to get no tickets and buckle up your seatbelt. And make a full stop and sit there for about half an hour at the stop sign. And guess what they still don't have the light working at 118th Avenue in sunrise Boulevard. The light still flashing there. Useless. Useless as teach on a caterpillar. That's how worthwhile that light is there. But oh, we don't want all these great. Well, and how about getting that light working. Okay. And one thing I will say, since I do grip credit work credit is doing, she wanted the reasons they're kicked off the plantation cups. Is they had a great thing going there for months. Even back when we're still on the air in Paxon. Remember I used to talk about the 30 mile an hour thing. The construction thing on sunrise. And they would just sit there right in the and you really had no way of knowing where it stopped. That where it started. That's one of the famous games with construction zones. Is you really can't be sure where it stops and where it ends. And it was no reason for their most days to even days when there was no construction going on. 30 miles an hour. So they're upset because they finally did a great construction job there. And I, you know, there was some inconvenience to those of us who live out there in Westboro. But you know, something they did a hell of a job. The DOT or whoever it is that, you know, We rarely give anybody credit. They did a fine job. And sunrise Boulevard now is wide six lane highway out there all the way to where the arena is going to be. It's a high a man nice job guys. All they got to do is put to reflectors down. That'll be all done. And fix that stop light and make it work. But that's one of the reasons that they got to do all this other business is because that was it. That was like shooting fish in a barrel man. That was that was a piece of cake. Who's going to be going 30 miles an hour on a thought for laying a big four or five. And whatever it was at the time highway, especially on a road where George is going 70 miles an hour. There's the one you want to get after his George Rodriguez, okay, I'll do plantation forkers and wherever else and sunrise you drive and where is it for a lot of data. What part of sunrise like university and sunrise. Yeah, plantation there you go. There's one for you in his beige Toyota 4 one or okay. He's going 70 miles an hour. What does it do? It's it's a piece by since number. Yeah. Oh, yeah, never mind me. Yes, I'm driving home on the after all is talking to China about these cops and all this bull crap and I'm driving home on the turnpocket. Here's an asshole in a green van and he's like in the I'm in the middle lane on the turnpice. He's in the left lane. He's about to go buy me, but of course he sees the car. Obviously he knows what it's and now he hits the break and he sits out there and he kind of backs up and I like he's looking over by shoulder. Was that wearing my seat belt? No, I was not. But I am wearing my seat belt now. Why do you plantation forkers? I don't want to, well, you know, give me an easy target on an invented product. It's just a sash. It looks like a seat belt and you've just put it on and sit down and it looks like that. We're not a new product. Oh, it's not. They've already know it's not. Oh, sorry. See if I'd call that. When do I get one of those? Yeah, you go and see. There are not only does he go 70 miles an hour on sunrise right in the middle of plantation there by university and is a piece of desert doing four runner. We don't have a kidding violin. While lawbreakers, he's the one not me. I'm the safe driver. He in fact rich. Sure, the two maniacs. There's a man that drives 90 miles an hour in the school zone. That's how fast he goes. This man is out of control. The fat man. Well, he's fat. He's got a heavy foot, which by the way, my foot is still killing me. I think I need acupuncture from that crack proctorologist. Those magnets that I talked about the first day came back on here. Here it's the end of February coming up now. And the bottom of my right heel is still not there for no change. Not getting worse, not getting any better. Nothing in there. They x-rayed nothing in there. And of course, that's great podiatrist over there. Cleveland Clinic. Nice chatting with your pal. Nice knowing that Jeff Farch is your brother-in-law. But nothing. Oh, yeah, when you're going to do those stretching exercises. Yeah, stretch this. Still the same. Maybe I can get an acupuncture as to come in here. Do you think so? Do they do acupuncture on your foot? Well, yeah, yes. Because your foot is like, you know, countless, it's hard. I mean, that's supposed to make a difference. Really? That's supposed to hurt. That's supposed to hurt. Oh, I see. But it does. It's not supposed to hurt when the plantation cops need to crap out of you either. Next time you go in 70 miles an hour, but it will. The sports leader. We have no reason. Sports radio, 560, 2AM, WCM, my heavy, heavy body day. We can get a guy, he's so weak, my short, heavy yet. It's two things on the wall. Daddy, you're a loser. Daddy, you're a loser. Did you hear from heaven? Did you die? Do you Scripture? I didn't realize nothing. I think so. And let's watch it again. What's good about your�? Does somebody like you do? There's a little chunk for you to look away from with her baby. Life in the middle of you here I don't want to get a job But it's like Daddy's not like here I'm dropping out of high school I'm a little more everyday Daddy, I'm pregnant I don't know who the father is Ask the turn chick I drove the car into a tree Can you just send me some cigarettes Hang out on a dose for the brightening world Dad, I'm getting married again Dad, that's my ass I think I have a simple ass Hey, pop, we're moving in Dad, I have to move, I'm a lesbian Hey, how the hell are you? Welcome to Jack in the box I'm Jack, you know, I'll be happy to fill your order If you know what I mean I'd like a Jack burger and a large fries Sorry, now we're cleaning the grease fryer We don't have any french fries today Okay, so that just give me a small order of fries Please, love cheese Maybe you didn't hear me And I said we don't have any fries today So how about something else Okay, then just give me an order of fries Listen up pal, who put the straw and straw berry? Then you do that's right, nature did And who put the apenate for God? Nature does right, nature did Now listen carefully, who put the freak in french fries? There ain't no freak in french fries That's what I've been trying to tell you about Bretherate, no freak in french fries Now get out of my sight before I shut your teeth so far Down and you're f***ing throw You'll have to sit on a Jack burger to eat it Oh, that's a nice day Living in the underneath Can't be very crafty With no potential y'all My decision to dress your simple, type of thing If don't matter to me, I don't care I don't care Outside of school you said you're a thief That's what I've done is boring It's all the parking lot Early third And don't part so f***ing Living in the underneath Did I don't care I don't care Whatever happens to all the footage we do have Nobody gives a trap In this straw, fight the metal And hold it the land of the great dead So I prefer to stretch my ball to stay I don't care If you say My mama's a fool I don't care Come on everybody Don't look here man We don't pay a fee We be pivoted with the rap And he finally paid the fee So what you told me that You take a funky joke to it It must've been some skills to make it You've got to put your heels Check out what happened to you You haven't done it all now Excuse me I'm not gonna pay the fee Let me do a hold it I don't want to pay the fee I don't want to pay the fee Hold it No This be evident I don't want to pay the fee You don't pay the fee In the Zanipole. So, those who don't put them at the top of the post, they should pass your vote. Who? You be bolded. So, we told you, so don't it go down at the Zanipole? And you've got your vote, then. Oh, yes. Now try to look at both. How close to the Zanipole has to be. So, so, so. Look. Look. And I think I'm going to start talking sports. Maybe we'll take a week and I'll just talk sports for one week. And see if we can search for one caller that has any clue what's going on. Or, I think I'm going to start talking sports. Maybe we'll take a week and I'll just talk sports for one week. And see if we can search for one caller that has any clue what they're talking about. Just amazing to me. Just an ongoing, just words. Just for a bit. Baba, Baba, Baba, and like George said, during the break to be said, it's baby crap. And that's the exact expression to use for baby crap. Like, all these people calling in like, this is something that's meaningful in anybody's life. Who showed up at the White House yesterday? Not to the Iraqi ambassador's show up to see if we're going to avoid a war over there. Not if the president's lawyer showed up to see if he's going to want to be in a pizza or not. But did all of the Marlin show up there at the White House yesterday? This is important for Junior. Miami, hello. I'm Vanilla. Yes, sir. Any other question for you? Yeah. Talk about your anniversary, 22 years in the business. Yes. I was arguing some antics with the friend of mine. It's not really an opinionated answer. I mean, it's facts somewhere. When you were bought out, you're contract? Yeah. We were arguing that I was saying you were unemployed. He was saying you were still employed by the people. Of course I wasn't unemployed. I was being paid to a good medication. I wasn't unemployed. Yeah. Oh, I mean, we were, like I said, arguing some antics. You weren't working. Yeah. Right. That was basically what's the point. What's the point? What difference does it make what you call it? I'd like to be unemployed like that to rest in my life. So what was unemployed? You were employed. Let me get it. Again, I was not unemployed. I was employed. I just didn't have to show up. I got to check. I came and picked up a check every week. You can't be unemployed and get paid. Well, no. Did they consider that employed? Of course. Absolutely. Really? Yes. I figured it was something like that. Have a great day, pal. Oh, my God. Oh, the world is coming to an end. Would that call right there? That's it. That's the end. I actually had a feeling for about an hour and a half today that we were going to make it today that we really were going to have a show. We're going to have some real-a-zipity do-do. Some real-a people on this phone. Forget it. I mean, talk about get a life. Well, it's really semantic. Yeah, some antics. People at our use semantics are people in desperate search of a life. Here's a mobile-in-four-laterdale. Hello. Hello? Yes, sir. Good old story. When I first came down here, right on a college to become a school teacher, I went downtown Miami and across the street there and came on out and as I came on across the street again, it was a cop there. Yeah. And he said, you're Jay Walken. And I said, Jay Walken. And you're going to sign out. Sure enough, there's a sign says, Jay Walken. So I said, OK, well, I can just give you ticket. So let me see a license. I said, well, I'm walking. I'm not driving. I'm driving. He says, is this your car? And I said, yeah, but I'm a driver. And he says, well, it's parked an expired meter. I said, oh, my God. I just want to give you a ticket for that. So it gave me a ticket for Jay Walken. He says, you cross the street when you went in. I said, yeah, he says, OK. So give me two Jay walking tickets. Then he gave me an expired meter ticket. Then he gave me a ticket because there was a no get. There was a construction sign next to the car. And he gave me a ticket for parking and restricted zone. And then he says, every year's given my driver's license. He gave me a ticket for no license. Hand to me. And my car towed and took me to jail. I went to court a couple of days later. The judge read the thing called me up call the cop. He said, the cop, he said, first of all, you're going to pay for his car. Then you towed. Secondly, you're going to reimburse him for his time. And if I ever see a coming to my court with this kind of crowd began, I'm going to get you off the force. Oh. Great. Great story, sir. That was it. Congratulations. Don't do it again. Okay. How do you like that? See, that cop was one of the most tricks that I'm talking about. Oh, get into it. What's the way to browbeat people? And there are plenty of those. If you're visiting, if you're one of the snowboards down here in your tune in today by accident, wondering, what it's all about, this is what this town is all about. Okay. It's a bunch of dead people walking around. But you dead people driving. It's a bunch of people moving and they move their looks a lot. They don't say too much. They don't have an opinion about anything. And yet somehow I've survived 22 years in the midst of all of this. How is that possible? Man, oh, man, I was thinking about that the other day thinking about surviving 22 years with a bunch of deadheads. And the minute that a kid that thought came to my mind, I proups my pants. Oh, God. I just let loose 22 years of frustration of trying to coerce a force people to, like say something. Have an opinion. Get some, get some passion. There is no passion. That's the thing that is lacking in this town is passion. It doesn't exist. Here's a mobile in Fort Laterdale. Hello. There's a lot of people in the city. Hello. Yes, sir. Anything else? Cops, sorry, for you. Oh, yeah. Coconut Creek, PD. I'm going up lying's road. Deep out on three or four miles an hour over to see you. Two motorcycle cops. One of them shoot me a stick. I had nothing else at one of them all of a sudden. I look at my rear vehicle path and look at my rear view. One of them is behind me. What about right now? So he posed me over. I asked him to miss what I did. How fast were you gone? That's three or four over. Three or four miles over to the speed limit. So let me finish. So he says the tent on your windshield extends too far down the windshield. I said, well, wait a minute. I said, and you'll get this. It's factory kit. It comes from the factory that way. It's inside the flag. Oh. So he writes me a ticket. Let's take it for what? For what was it? Because your thing is too long. Yeah, the thing was too long. So he writes me a ticket. I'll never get a ticket for that. So then now listen to this. Not only do I have to pay the ticket, but I have to bring the car to coconut creek PD to prove that I complied with. Oh, no. I got to go get I got to go put a new windshield in the car. Oh my God. I swear to God. Unbelievable. There you go. I risked my case pal. In closing. And your pain is shallow. Yes, sir. In closing? Yes. Okay. Let's take a boin and beach. Hello. It's going pretty good. I got no wine for about a half an hour waiting for you. It got with six minutes and six seconds. The guy with flight fisher. What the hell was he talking about? I haven't got any idea. Oh, I think he was talking about Mark Forsen. I sure he got I was going to hang up after him. But one of them. Oh, I'm sure. Every time for our force it. I love for our force. It's not now I used to put anyway. One of them. I've never been to say that. Actually, she got beat up by that intruder. That time with a spray member. And she tied him up and put him in the fireplace. What was the name of that movie, George? Oh, that was a good movie. Expremidies. She's not good at it. She's not good at it. She's not good at it. Why he beat the crap out of her. Hockey. Yeah. I played college hockey. Love hockey. Unfortunately, a Ranger Fang. A few are the things. South Florida. I moved down here about two years ago. Now you're talking. From Boston. Boston. I'm not. It's terrible here. And Miami is the armpit of the United States. We're supposed to be South Beach. A bunch of weirdos down there. A bunch of drug addicts. But homozers. Yeah. Muscle bond posing. Yeah. And these cars with the matchbox wheels. It's thick out 10 feet. Uh-huh. And the shorts down in the middle of their ass crack. Right. Religion is another thing. Yeah. I'm a first time call or last time call. Because I don't have time to call you. But I want to get it. You want things off with you. Go ahead. Religion. I totally agree with you. I laughed in the car. It's just a biggest bunch of crap. Yeah. The Bible is a fictional story. I can see the guys writing the Bible way back when. Oh, drunk around the table. Right. So in stores. Well, I mean, people have been inventing gods in the side. Oh, well, Scott, don't go on since the beginning of time. And anybody, anybody who's got even a tiny ability to think for himself or for himself knows that. And would just laugh at this crap. But the sad part of it is that people don't want to think. You get shaft eyes. That's why if you say anything today. Anyway, I would be told women out there. Okay. I had a heterosexual. I loved women. But this women power bullsh**k is going on right now. What the hell is that all about? Okay. Dad. Okay. So, crap. Well, I left him on there. But, you know, bullcrap is right. So, he can't say shot. You can take one, but you can't say it. Because this is American. After all, just like the things that brought up about the t-shirt, police got almost not respond to about that. See, you people are so conditioned. I mean, a cop who called Friday was right about that. We want to condition you to doing fill in the blank. To be nice and obedient. And whatever it is, we're going to condition you. Even if you shouldn't have to be doing this, we're going to condition you to doing this. Because we decided that you can't wear a t-shirt that says this. And you can't have a bumper sticker that says that. Here's a mobile in sunrise. Hello. Hey Neil, how are you doing today? Great. You know what ticks us all off Neil is the fact that you have these cops working over time by the saw grass. No, he's supposed to stick that 50 cents in those at Oakland Park in commercial. And they get you. If you don't stick the 50 cents in the little hole there, these cops are working on O.T. This is the most amazing thing that a cop is getting paid to even do these things. Yeah, well, listen, pay the 50 cents and cut the crap. You know what that reminds me of? Oh, I think it was yesterday. I should have brought it and there was a letter to the editor from some old fart. The good telly was an old fart by the nature of the letter. And his guy was complaining because he had gotten a ticket. He went through the toll booth like a deterrent piker somewhere. And the arm was stuck up in the air and the green light was stuck in the on position. So he just goes through. He doesn't put in his 50 cents or 75 cents because the green light is on. And then he's belly can then he gets a ticket. Well, guess what, pal, just because the other thing is stuck doesn't mean it's an invitation to just go right through you asshole. Well, I thought it was a free day. Yeah, right. It's like that salad dressing free. I'll never forget that if I live to be 500. And I didn't make this shop. It's a true goddamn story. Several years ago, I'm in my public. So that it's got to be like four or five years ago. And this old bag is in front of me in line. And of course, she's making a big to do. She got like six items on there. And everyone is a big, oh, how much is this? I beat by the book. And then the girl takes, you know, the bottle of craft salad dressing and puts it through the scanner there. And a woman says, wait a minute, what'd you do that for? And she's the girl looks at it. What do you make it? It says right in the bottle free. That free. You stupid old disgusting obnoxious idiotic. I mean, God, that's fucking bitch free. So why didn't you get 20 or 30 of them, by the way? Only in Florida, baby. Only in this town. Only where the living people are really dead masquerading. Hey, Jeff, when knows the scores, learning you can, of a last game and weeknight. Only on fourth radio 5.62 a.m. My dad's not the old book. He makes you and he's had me up with him. When I went over the day, he said, I was a kid, but my daddy, I walked around and I did not feel. And I was a smith or queen. It's not a medium, it's a medium, it's time, I'm on to know. And he thinks he thinks he thinks about their home. And gosh, my dad is you done. He's a pussy and a little bit of a bottle. So they're gonna let him go. My dad's not the old book. He makes you and get up to the house. So he's the one who beat it. You'll never hear him as it is. But I got a lot of y'all. Look, I got a lot of y'all. So let me just mention this thing here because I'm going to forget about it. I don't want to do that. Boy tossed out of car on i95 child's mother charged with attempted murder. Hobesound and apparently drugged and paranoid mother once accused the starving her new born daughter pulled her toddler son from his car seat and tossed him out the window on Thursday as she raised the long interstate i95. That's fucking bitch. She picked him up by his cover walls and threw him out. It's where the highway patrol troops were dead were busby. The screaming two and a half year old boy, Pertal across the median as shocked motorists pulled over to help him. Stephen had God lost consciousness only as per a medics placed him on a gurney. Boy was in serious but stable condition with broken bones on Thursday night. It's a Mary's medical center was undergoing CAT scans. And very jacks and worried about if we're going to have the Jimmy Johnson press conference. I see what I'm saying. Well, we're, I see I got this TV in here. Thanks to Jeff Cohen and the satellite. This thanks to our friends at digital world satellite. Not so I could watch ESPN and find out if there's any big sports score stories break in. But so we could have CNN on here and find out if the president's going to get in Pete if he's had any good blow jobs this week. If we're going to have a goddamn war with the wreck, what's going on in the outside world. Very jacks nice and just you open up the window and stick your fat ass out there and find out there's other things going on in the world. Okay, you simple, then you jack as you you fit in like you're just like those people that that guy was talking about. Anyway, this is a little boy's mother Chris and Hadoa 30 of West Palm beats was charged with attempted murder and aggravated child abuse and was being held on $60,000 bail at the Martin County jail. It was Hadoa's second child abuse of West to 1991 Hadoa pleaded guilty to child abuse charges after her infant daughter turned up malnourished and convulsing at a hospital emergency room. She received five years probation court documents. Show and here's the best part. Hadoa was going through a divorce and had won temporary custody of her children. Court record show. How do you like that? She was going through a divorce and what temporary custody of her children. Hadoa and a parent manic depressive was no longer taken a medication. Had lost a lot of weight recently. She'd become obsessed with a notion that a secret agency was trying to steal her son according to neighbors and friends. Probably the Illuminati or the trilateral commission. She told them she discovered a plot on the internet was playing with her child. Oh, the plot was on the internet just like all those great NHL trade you see on there. About 10.45 a.m. traveling north on a number of five and speed up to 85 miles an hour. Hadoa threw the toddler out of the driver's side window and then skid it into a ditch. The boy hit the ground screaming witnesses told police and continued to cry as witness as race to comfort him. Hadoa ran back to our child, ran about pornographic movies and poor international news coverage and local papers. According to witnesses and police, well, not in that last part. I think she's got a plot about poor international news coverage. There's nothing in there about the Disney connection. No. She, uh, I heard somewhere on one of the radio news is obviously not the. Well, not us. We would know we would know she was thrown out of that. She'd rather see the kid dead than, uh, be exposed to the pornography of Disney movies. Oh, yeah. She probably saw priest. Well, maybe she's smarter than we thought. She knows that they're both acting in the church. She probably saw priest and got better. She's this woman. She's getting custody of her kids. The first one, the little girl was convulsing and starving to that. And this one, she throws out the window. She's looking for a way to steer the kids further. Couldn't maintain this. You know, just when the kids fry the children they're doing things before they get� for. It seriously tastes like you can just get ahead get ahead. Can you understand you basically would ask about this as far away as that. Thank you. It's, wack, sorry. They're... No manager now, this is what I expected for, I would like to Bill Gates嫉 blij que Sinn, taking away for standing on a roadside with a sign that's a speed trap ahead. He was, you know, see this reminds me of the thing about the flashing your lights to warn the other motorists that there's a speed trap. How can they do that? I just thought I'm that blind. I guess what they see is that you're interfering with law enforcement when you do that is the technicality of justice. I'm struck should have just as, oh my god, his bed is Baba. Good morning. How are you getting any, uh, I'm job out of it. Have a great day. Here's North Miami. Hello. Hey, Neil. Yes, sir. Yeah, reading the, uh, the Miami morning rag here and uh, very jackass. Got a, uh, article there about you how a disservice is to these sports idiots that they're not having the sports updates every hour on your show. Yeah. I mean, police. You know what? I mean, a very jackass is a little immature asshole. If there was anything very earthshaking and important happening in sports, they would fact it to us over here in the middle of the show and I would put it on the air. But the, and not only that, like Joe Sacky, continued, we find out we had it on the air here yesterday. Right. So if there's anything earthshaking, I mean, anybody that's that much of a fanatic that has no life whatsoever, which is very jackson by the way. I mean, this guy's pathetic. And of course, he's nothing but a shield and an asshole. No, what do you think of it? Is you do, there is those fanatics who listen to this station. Because I hear a message. It's sucking up the Hank. Your sports, trolls. I mean, it's, it's thickening. Get a license. So don't listen to the, if you don't want to hear that. Oh, Hank is entertaining. But yeah, it's just, it's too bad that we can get all these people. Well, when you've got a sports station, you're going to attract a lot of those people who this is their entire life. They're incapable of thinking or talking or doing about anything else in a world. And they want to, they want to soak that up every minute of the, and those, you're right, those people are pathetic. I've said that since the day I came on this station. And very Jackson is one of them. Yeah. And then, then because, because you didn't care, they didn't carry Jimmy Johnson's test conference last week. He could set it and interrupt you as a flop. No, they're going to be interrupting the show for you. No, no, I hope for his Johnson already. But he also is gone. I'm talking to the free ages of free ages. These people just figured out, football season is over. If I hear one more talk about football, about the dog is dropping. I mean, God, these people get a flag in life already. Amen. God. Come down. Bye. Okay. But he's right. See Barry Jackson. This is not a sports show. I hate to paint you a picture. I'm sure you're listening right now. You're a little pud wacker. This isn't a sports show. It's the Neo Rodger show, which is probably the best God dancing that ever happened to this radio station. If I do say so myself. And the notion that we're going to be interrupting it to put Jimmy Johnson out of to go, bling bling bling bling like that. Get a life. Okay. Take an interest. Take up a hobby. Like a rude Russian roulette would be good. Okay. Barry, take up something really worthwhile and get with it. But, but he feels compelled to write that because he's catering to exactly the people this guy's talking about. That's what his column is all about. Broadcast sports. Here's a mobile in Miami Beach, hello. Hey, Neo. Who's going to be the 31st draft take for Seattle? Look, it's coming summer for the NFL. Take a roll kid with a great arm who plays for Isperming High in Michigan. Absolutely correct. Okay. We'll give you a answer. Lots about that, Sonic. If you thought I owed D went crazy on draft A in April of year, just wait until you hear what goes on on this station when the NFL draft comes above. Oh, geez. Well, I didn't have Neil. Man, I saw that cover of the Harold that would have that crazy woman running down the highway drop in her kid 18 months old. Not two and a half. So that's a, that's a, I mean, and the mother they want to give the kid to the box. My paper here, the kid is two and a half years old. Really, oh, the Harold has 18 months. Well, I just don't, I just don't know. It doesn't matter. I get to ask a big difference whether he's 18 months or 30 months or whatever. The younger the soft. He's a little kid and she threw him out the goddamn window onto the I-95. Just sad. And then, you know, the other woman that stabs the mom and front of the kids. I mean, it's nuts. No, it's so, well, any and people like Barry Jackson are worried about who the dolphins are going to draft in the 30 second round. I mean, you talk, this last guy that called was right on Target. He said everything that I've been saying and thinking for a long time. I have no respect. I have nothing but disdain for people. Hey, you think you think so and so, but on Tennessee last night, you have to, I mean, what are we talking about bidding on God damn college? Brawl game? Get a life already for five six. Hey, one minor request for my brother Mackenzie, the Scottish bag, Piper. Have a great day, Piper. Say it's going to be the same. It's going to be the same three or four things, you're a debt to problem. Just play them over and over again. Well, let's just play it for about 400 times. If we can do it with spots, we can do it with comedy bits. Here's Hylia, hello. Hello. Yes, sir. And you were talking about the lady who, you know, the lady who do the kid in the street. Right. Well, I'm a pro-lifeer and we're, we care about the children, you know, happen to them. He's in the church. Okay. Oh, yeah, that's right. This is the fact that he's in the church guy. Oh, I'm trying to act in the church. Oh, okay. When are you going to get a life man? We care about the children. We care about the children. We care about the father of the father of the children. You're boyfriend, run away. Is that what happened? Is that why you're so psychotic? Oh, cool. What did you problem with follow-up? I don't have anything to know. Okay. It's because how was he? There's no facts in the church. Okay. Okay. None. He's taken a job. How about a, how about a, how about a right to life? Well, but if any facts, the effect is an article in the end of the, this week, according to some guy from the Vatican, who says that everybody at the Vatican is a fact, you think that he's a liar? He's a liar. Okay. He's hurting the church. He's probably just a fact propaganda. This is what I think. He's trying to hurt the church. That's what he tried to do. Uh-huh. If it's like you trying to hurt the Catholic church, then they're work. I know that. If they're working that way. Because they reproduce too fast, I can't slow it down. Okay. And to the kids, you're hate to poke. What do you mean? I hate to poke. I love to poke. He's an old tag just like I am. We are. Yes, he is. Only I'm a better dresser. Although quite frankly, I've never seen his dress. Other than that, white smata, he wears all over the place. I understand in private he wears dresses up just like a gay and grouper. We got with the first team. Joe Rose, Jeff, the forest and Seagull Seagull Seagull, we dehorn some sex. Only on fourth video 5.69 a.m. Hi, there's four of the girls. The team is in the very extra special friend, starting by showing all about something. I don't know what to do right now. I don't know what to do. I'm already a lady. Hey, brought by something I wanted to show you. I wonder what it is. It looks like it looks like a cat. It looks like a cat. It's me bag boy. I want to pay. What can I touch it? Sure, go ahead. Run your hands. Hey, you're welcome. Hey, what's this right here? That is my ball pipe. What do you do with the ball pipe? You blow it, lad. You blow it. Hey, you put your mouse around it and your blow. Oh, can I do that? Hey, would you like to blow my pipe, lad? Oh, can I? Sure, get here. Okay. Come on, lad. You got that, but your mouse around it. No, don't be afraid. It's not going to break. I'd like to like this. Hey, that's a boy. Stick around the way down your throat. Okay. Okay. Hey, let me do it in light. What's the first over here? That's mid-shunder. What do we do with that? What you do with that, lad? You put your bow hands on it. You cover the hole and your run your hands up and down the shot. Real quick. No, no, lad. Hey, run your hand up and down there. No, I want to do, lad. Is you want to blow my pipe? You want to squeeze the bag nice and gentle. And then you want to run your hand up and down the shot. Real quick. Okay. All together, all at the same time. Okay, here we go. You have to, lad. I need to, lad. Sure. There's good lad. Keep low on. Go harder, lad. harder. Squeeze the bag. Squeeze, lad. There's one hand up and down the shot. Faster. Come on, have a good one, lad. Go, lad. Go, lad. Go, lad. Go, lad. I'm going to do it, lad. Go, lad. Come on, lad. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. I'm going to do it. You're going to do it again. I have to do the catch to be a birth, maybe. You'll Roger's got. My relationship better than you are. Really good. My relationship better than you are. My beliefs are much required. You are going to let a Messiah find related better than yours. My religions better than your religion. My religion better than yours. My religion better than yours. My religion and the case day in the tree and racial hate. My religion better than yours. My religion, standard. That the order means my religion better than yours. I'd be liked about it best. I can't remember what we do. I've got to take an doctor's list. My religion's better than yours. I'm religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. We will be in these empty buildings. I will tell you, you're a Christian. My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. We now endorse the father's like full of brushes. You are your favorite religion's better than yours. But with your starter but with your water, you would муз my religion's better than yours. We were tied blood files and he'll add our backs and get to marry lots of wife's my religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. My religion's better than yours. We now envelop the used papers from my Muslim理 coseclerists. and they come for me. My relationship's better than yours. Let's do Miami. Hello. Hello, Neil. Yes sir. How are you today sir? Very well. I just wanted to take the time and see it for House. Maybe you permit me to speak. I love about the pastor of a local church. And I hear your program on a regular basis. Yes sir. I can't say that I'm critical of your point of view. The only thing that I don't understand about you is your atheistic... My what is it? A.T.A. I believe you're an atheist correct? Yes. That's for a bit. Okay, meaning that you don't believe in God whatsoever. First not. Okay. What kind of watch do you wear around your wrist? What kind of watch do I wear around my lip wrist? Well, the first time I'm a Rolex watch. No, I don't wear a Rolex. Okay, well let's just say I take a Rolex. And I put in front of you and I tell you that that Rolex happened by itself. That he just created itself. Wouldn't you say that I'm a ignorant person for thinking that that Rolex happened by itself? Sir, you know something I wouldn't give a crap. You're not, you don't worry about how this panic came. No, I absolutely do not because I know that we don't know the answers. We don't even know answers to things that happened a few years ago or a few months ago. We don't even know if Monica Lewinsky was even given blow jobs to the president. And you're trying to give me to believe a bunch of bullmen mice that were written by primitive people thousands of years ago. See, if I did care about those questions, see, long time ago I said to myself, we don't know and we're never going to know. And that's the end of it. I'm not going to waste my life listening to a bunch of fairy tales that are being spread by other people for a purpose for like taking over your mind and your money. What happens when we die then? You go right into the ground just like just like phyto goes into the ground just like the cockroach goes into the ground. You go and dust it us that's that one so on. That's it. I mean, are you really afraid of death? It's not a matter of being afraid of death because sure it is that no listen. Religion is about two things. Fear of death and money. That's the only thing that really don't want you are absolutely right. Right. Religion. You don't need religion. What you need is a relationship with God. Look at there is no God. So there's no such thing as God is religion. Yeah, that's like you get away from that word. Well, yeah, yeah, I'm not going to play semadical games with you. So there is no God. And if you believe in a God that the Jews invented or the Graham invented or the Graham invented or the Graham invented, there's been thousands of gods through the years. Air v culture is invented their own God. The Aztecs with the sun God. Everybody had gods and know something. It's all just a bunch of double talk. That's all but it helps you to to hang on to that. I don't want to deny you that but I'm certainly not going to be dying in the opinion to the right to it. Oh, I am the opinion. 100% I respect your opinion and I like I say I hear your program and I am critical of your point of use. But now there are certain explanations that are logical. So then there's only two things either of a lose or I want to ask you this question. Okay, this lady that you are kid out of the car yesterday. All right. Are you listening to me? Yes, I am sure. Saddam Hussein is making chemical biological weapons over in Iraq, right? Are you listening to me? Yes, I am. Okay. We have El Nino, which is causing flooding and all these rotestings happening and people dying, right? Right. Now, if God is omnipotent, how come all of this is going on? There's also Satan. Ah, Satan, where did he come from? Who invented him? Who invented him? Who invented Satan? Who created him? Who created him? Who created you? Who created you? Yes. I am listening. God created him a perfect angel. Yeah. See, here we go again. He created him as a perfect angel. Obviously. I thought I was a JT snow and then he created him as a giant. He was a perfect angel. Well, how do you explain? See, if something is perfect by definition, it's just like God. He's omnipotent and he's perfect. But he keeps screwing up all the time. And we have let proceed. And we have cancer. And we have bubonic plague. And we have AIDS. And we have all of these other diseases. We got this new disease that we're talking to. Every time you turn around, there's another new disease that affects the brain and each the brain away. Every time you turn around, there's another new disease. And it's Satan. That's not. See, that's a convenient excuse. That's for more on to say stuff like that. God is great. But Satan, see if Satan, if God is omnipotent, all these got to do is get rid of Satan. That's all. Hey, you're gone. Like that. Like he snapped his fingers and he created the universe. He also snapped his fingers. Satan's gone. Let's have peace and tranquility. You live 300 years of peace. We don't have all of these problems. We don't have wars. Man is perfect. Doesn't have free choice. But then there won't be anyone to test us. Oh, yeah. We have to be tested. Like Abraham, go kill your kids. I was just kidding. Psych. Yeah, just just testing you. Just checking out to see what kind of a good you. You really were Abraham and by the way, I want to. You know, who you can. It's mellows. Yeah, it's mellow. It's mellow. It's mellow. It's mellow. It's mellow. All of these bubble mice. He's my God. It's just it boggles my mind. But you know something. I've always had a lot of time thinking about it because I realize, especially the one good thing that's happening to me doing this kind of work and doing this show every day is I realize how weak most people are. Most people are such sheep. Like these people we have sitting on hold and somebody says something while around hold and that they can hear. And then we punched them up on here and they repeated like a god damn parent like a mine a bird. Because their minds are so weak. They don't have an original thought in their brain if you could find it. But thank you for your closer. All these religious nuts. They're afraid of saying three little words that make it very easy. Then we start asking all of these questions for which we don't have any answers. I don't know. There you go. And people can't say that and never have been able to say that. So it's since the beginning we recorded time. Everybody says, oh, how do we get here? And then okay, we don't really know, but we'll make up an answer. Instead of just saying, I don't have any freaking idea. Let's make up an answer. Let's make up some fairy tales. Sounds reasonable to me. And you know something they could have done a better job. And they could have made up some, I mean like the Virgin Mary on the side of a bank building and pencil collar. But I mean, come on. Other cultures did do a better job. The Virgin Mary on a Tortina pizza at what's your name's house? Rosie, Rosie Ricardo, whatever name is in Hollywood. Lopez. Oh, Rosie Lopez. I forgot all about her. She's small potatoes. Here's the lady in Miami. Hello. Yes, man. Hi, Neil. I just wanted to say I really enjoyed your show today, but I had a comment to make. Okay. Is it true that homosexuals aren't supposed to believe in God? What does that mean? I'm just asking. Is that the reason why you don't believe in God? No, it has nothing to do with anybody's sexual orientation or anything like that. It has to do with not believing in fairy tales. See, here's what you don't consider a fairy tale. Here, that's why I said fairy tale. Here's another example of a call of just like the other, the Julio, the call before with this one. Oh, yeah, sure, sure. Same thing. Same thing. I really enjoy your show, but now you want to take a little shot. Yeah, well, all your promoting is negativity. On the other hand, when God promote. Then let me answer this. Why do you listen to the show then? Because you're good to be wrong. I didn't listen to the show, but you know, this time. Because it because it was. But this time, you know, you really don't know. Let me ask you again. Why do you listen to the negativity? Yeah, okay. Then go find something positive. Go find yourself a good vibrator. That's real. And make sure it's on positive. See, this, you're not fooling anybody's sweetheart. You're not fooling anybody for a second. If somebody says something that makes sense and challenges all this garbage that's in your brain that you can't get rid of, then right away you have to get there. There are because you're a faggot. It's because you're this. It's because you're bald and old and you're Jewish. Whatever it is. And she just can't handle it. She can't deal with it. Well, sweetheart, if you want to believe that there are the little green men on Mars and on the moon and on the cock and moon, whatever you want, it's a free country go right ahead and just be a bozo the rest of your life. Because that's what nothing negative about reality. Well, that's pretty ugly. But nevertheless, if you can cope with it unless you were weakling in which case you need religion. And obviously you do. Besides, there are a lot of self-hating religious types. Oh, there are a question about that. That's why the Catholics have that dignity thing so that they can go there and pretend that the church loves them and set them. And so on, even though the church, of course, the Catholic church is just low. Nothing but fags in the church. Just read anything you want about the Vatican. People fact in the church. Like I said, make no mistake about it. You show me a guy in a dress and I'll show you a faggot or a guy who likes to dress up. Or both. Wonder if Johnny Bench liked to dress up. We don't intermaker in the carotine. They can't be better for casual person. And when they party in the table of work, they tell you this country where the country goes. Rascal Mani has somebody want to sell. And from my low way, you can detect the smell of smoke. Smoke can't smoke smoke. He likes to dress up and talk. Smoke can't smoke smoke. Smoke can't smoke smoke. Like I said, make no mistake about it. You take a relaxer girl of him, the gunning. Smoke get everything until you're long to him. Like without the funny dad who we have made. Jamaica doesn't eat any for a day. A man again pour a song here and say, Got nothing like this in the U.S. May this smoke smoke, got the smoke smoke. They like the practice flip and talk. They begin to cough and choke. Smoke can't smoke smoke. They can't drink good. I'm not tell for some you are a rascal man. You like to smoke to dress up whenever you can. Then if you come in here from miles or around. They'll be fighting for you by the ounce and the crown. Rascal man is a traitor for arm of your right. They can't drink good tonight and then they'll smoke. Smoke can't smoke smoke. They like to talk. They like to talk. Smoke can't smoke smoke. Smoke can't smoke smoke. They can't drink good. Jaman.